	Perfection	Our family of 3 stayed for 4 nights over the long Thanksgiving weekend. We were warmly greeted by Frances who checked us in without any problems. Our room was excellent, and YES, the window-seats are so cool! So nice to cuddle up in a blanket with a cup of coffee and watch all the shoppers scurrying around the streets.We had traditional Thanksgiving dinner at McCormick &amp; Schmick's, less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Starbucks coffee in the lobby each morning was wonderful, and the wine reception in the evening was very nice. The hotel sets up the Wii for the kids to enjoy while their parents sip their wine and relax.The hotel is amazingly friendly and comfortable. Everyone on the staff had a smile on their face, even on Thanksgiving day. That means so much. Finally, the location. What else can be said? Perfection.	
	Good but needs a little updating	I've stayed at this hotel a few times and have always had a good experience. On our most recent trip, we noticed that the floor smelled very musty. Our room was good but some of the wallpaper was peeling off of the wall and that it generally needed a little TLC.	
Nov 25 2009 	Awesome Hotel - great service even BETTER price/value	This hotel is quite a steal - great prices with some of the best hotel service I've had in awhile. Greeted everytime I entered, all hotel staff acted as if it was a pleasure to serve me. The rooms are cozy yet have plenty of room. And the rates are excellent. They even have complimentary wine in the evenings. Close to trains, Millenium park. Highly recommend. If I go back to Chicago, I'm staying here again.	
Nov 22 2009 	Cozy hotel in the heart of Chicago!	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for a &quot;staycation&quot; and to have a base-camp of sorts for the Festival of Lights activities on Michigan Avenue. The location cannot be beat...you really are in the heart of Chicago. We had a queen-queen riverview room with a nice view of Marina City towers &amp; the Trump tower. Check in was a breeze and we were greeted by the doorman and front staff genuinely. Our young son is quite a talker and the front desk staff engaged him in conversation, rather than dismissing him as a kid, which was nice. The room was clean and the kids got a kick out of the huge, secluded window seats. The room is in good shape...some here have said things are worn, but ours was very nice. We came &amp; went all day (our room was ready at 11am when we checked in) and we were always greeted when we came back. In the afternoon they have baskets of fresh-baked cookies on the counter and we took part in the wine reception in the evening, meeting some nice people from different areas. The lobby is small, but tastefully decorated, with a fire going and some nice Christmas decorations. Another traveler said he liked the hotel because it seemed &quot;cozy &amp; homey&quot;, which I agree with. I have to say I travel frequently for business and the staff at Hotel Monaco was among the friendliest I've encountered all year...the manager left a nice note in the room and everyone was genuine. When we returned from watching fireworks, our beds were turned down, with some chocolates left and the room was tidied up...we had gone out earlier for some wine and the person who did this must have noticed our bag, because wine glasses were left out and our ice bucket was filled, which was a nice touch. They have Starbucks coffee in the morning in the lobby, too. All in all, it was a great stay. We are from the suburbs of Chicago, but I would stay again here after concerts or parties, etc. I was impressed!	
Nov 17 2009 	Very Nice For Price !	This is very nice place to come and see chicago. It is situated close to river and just steps from the Loop and Theaters and all the action there. Rooms were very nicely decorated, and soundproofing was very high class, even at 1st floor facing the street.Would highly recommend this place.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very Nice	We stayed at this hotel for one night only during September 2009, whilst attending the amazing u2 concert at Soldier Field.. I booked it through priceline, so got a really good deal. The location is fantastic, very central, just off Michigan Avenue - next to river. The hotel has some lovely touches - nice robes and toiletries in the lovely clean rooms. Complmentary morning Starbucks coffee and newspapers in the reception and very polite and helpful staff. Staying at this hotel certainly contributed to our wonderful stay in this beautiful city. We would definately look to stay here again.	
Nov 13 2009 	Modern Hotel with an Old World Feel	I prefer staying at Kimpton hotels b/c there's usually a high standard of customer service, great L'Occtaine bath products, rooms are spacious and clean, and free Wi-Fi for InTouch members. During my stay, they had a Summer Happy Hour event, where they served free wine and snacks in the lobby. I loved the doormen's uniforms. They were dressed in these uniforms that make you feel like you're stepping to a different time and place. Location is perfect. Definitely would stay there again.	
Nov 10 2009 	The worst Hotel in Chicago!	We had trouble from the first step inside. The asked for a $100 cash deposit, made us fill out a bunch of papers, and the front desk person didn't even know what they were for, he told me to call and aks the HR deprtment during the week !!!!!???? WEIRD! The room was horrible, we had a view of the buildings' garage, right above the garbage, the windows did not open (Thank God), there was no heat, just blowing of cold air. The papers on the wall were coming off, very dirty and over used bath ropes, too disgusted to put them on, no amenities in the bathroom, without paying for them. Charged for phone call I didn't even use. Charged my credit card for the stuff I did use, instead to take from the deposit, and then being very rude about thier mistake. They seemed all nice in the begging when we came in, but when we had trouble and obviously on thir part, they didn't even let me speak over the telphone. Very bad experience, will never in a million years ever go back, a total nightmare. And were weren't the only ones going with our wrongful charges to the reception. I don't know who makes the other super great remarkes about this hotel, but it's a lie, they are probably made to write this during their shift to cover all the bad posts about them. WASTE OF TIME, AND I HAD A GIFT CERTIFICATE AND IT WAS FREE (and still had to put down a $100 deposit), AND I STILL HATED IT, SOOOO GO FIGURE!!! Plus parking is $40, which is far more than any other, for a hotel of just 10 floors. Cheapest hotel ever!	
Nov 9 2009 	Wonderful	We stayed here for our 5th wedding anniversary and it was perfect in every way. We were in the Mediterranean suite. We loved the deep and spacious two person whirlpool tub, the comfortable beds, and the window seat that we could climb up into with our bathrobes on and just watch the world go by below. We also took advantage of having them bring a goldfish to our room, which we thought was a cute little amenity. The other nice amenity we took advantage of was the evening wine reception. They hold this nightly in the lobby and it was a great start to our evening. All of the staff that we encountered was very friendly and had a smile on their face. They seemed very concerned about making our stay as pleasant as possible. In all I would highly recommend this hotel if you are in the Chicago area.	
Nov 5 2009 	Dirty Room	I am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before I fall asleep. The front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend (gossiping) as I checked in (VERY unprofessional).The room she offered me was on a 'high' floor (5th.... HA) and when I checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub....I was DONE. Called down and had them re-clean the room; they made no offer to compensate or upgrade...not even a bottle of wine. The front desk clerk suggested I come down and get a key to another room (like I have time for that). Disappointing as I do like Kimpton hotels and am a Kimpton In Touch member (btw they've done away with the amenities...you just get a free item from the mini bar).	
Nov 4 2009 	Awesome Bienvenue	My French friend was visiting the US for the first time. After visiting the countryside where I live, we planned to visit the big city. She wanted a budget hotel, but I love being able to walk around downtown Chicago, so I kicked in a bit extra and treated us to the Monaco. It was totally worth it. The location is excellent, the staff was wonderful. We enjoyed the wine in the evening, and enjoyed breakfast next door so much, we ate there every morning. I love a view and water, so we were glad we had a river view from our window seat. The room was very comfortable, and the whole place was cozy and pleasant. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Window seats!!!	Great location, friendly and helpful staff, and totally cute room with cushy window seats you can plop yourself down in and watch over the city below.	
Nov 1 2009 	LOVE THIS PLACE!	Amazing location just a few blocks from Michigan Ave and not far from Macy's. The decor is gorgeous, it's right by the river, the staff are friend. They have wine tastings in the evenings. We've stayed here a few times on trips to Chicago and it's always our go-to place.	
Oct 28 2009 	..and we named him baron von knuckles	We stayed at Hotel Monaco as a get away in our own city. What initially got us was the free wine in the evenings and coffee/tea in the mornings. It's a lovely hotel, very comfortable with ummm different bathrobes then most. The extra clothes in the closet that you could purchase seemed a bit weird but maybe some people love animal print. It was a little disappointing that while yes there was a place to sit near the window it was not a done up like a window seat (no pillows, cushions, blankets..nothing). I ended up using a spare blanket to sit on while I watched the person across the street make what looked like a paper mache eagle. But the spare blanket wasn't thick enough to make it comfortable or warm (a seat near a window in a hotel by a river in february needs a cushion). Also we had to wait for our goldfish. I was hoping he'd be there, since we requested him a head of time, right when we checked in. We had already named him and everything before he got to the room a long time later.	
Oct 27 2009 	Fine Service Location and Amenities	This hotel has that nice upscale boutique hotel feel to it. The staff greets you by name when you enter or exit, they have a wine hour in the living room like lobby (with wine served along with snacks, and even access to a wii game) and excellent morning coffee in the lobby. Since my traveling companions and I were only there for one night, we didn't seek out a goldfish, but it is a cute Kimpton touch. Our room had a lovely view overlooking the river, with two nice cushioned window seats to enjoy the view. Several bars and restaurants were within walking distance along with a 24 hour convenience store across the street. The reviewer who mentioned &quot;beware of train noise&quot; is correct, but it doesn't bother me--it's just a sound of the city that I kind of like, so not an issue here. The bed was very comfortable. I asked for a wakeup call in the morning and behold! A real live human called. It's been years since that's happened to me. Free wi-fi if you join the &quot;In Touch&quot; Klimpton loyalty program.A couple of things that I didn't like so much: There weren't enough outlets to charge phones, computers etc. There was no IPod dock which I do expect in these more contemporily styled hotels. The coffee in the lobby was wonderful, but there are people like me who just don't feel ready for primetime unless I have had my morning dose. Even a small one cup coffee maker would do the trick. I know most hotels feel they must have bathtubs for their guests, and I guess for those guests who have kids, or consider a leisurely soak in a bathroom some sort of luxury, they would get complaints if a room had no tub. But I really like a walk in shower with a real door instead of the bath/shower/shower curtain set up. The decor was fine, but not really stylish to me.I'd definitely consider returning to this hotel or the Klimpton's Hotel Allegro again when staying in Chicago.	
Oct 26 2009 	excellent choice	My husband and I and two friends spent the weekend at Hotel Monaco. Our rooms were updated, clean and attractive. The hotel staff was outstanding--friendly and always willing to out of the way to find answers to questions or provide suggestions. Several additional features would encourage us to return besides the good location (close to the river and a block from Michigan Avenue.) The staff will print boarding passes while you are out if you so request; the hotel offers a lovely wine hour late in the afternoon and when we were there they offered up to two free items from the mini bar (up to $11.) The concierge was knowledgeable and arranged tours for us. When we return to Chicago, we will certainly plan to stay at Hotel Monaco.	
Oct 25 2009 	Had a pleasant stay!	We were in town for the Chicago Marathon, and stayed here because it was walkable to the start/finish of the race (Grant Park), and could nicely accommodate 4 people in a suite. The location was great - everything is within walking distance, and the staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating.The decor of the rooms is a bit over the top, think &quot;circus&quot; theme, but I thought it was fun and different. Our suite had a HUGE, jetted soaking tub, and window seats the size of a twin bed (someone could easily sleep on one). The room could use slight updating, but really, it was fine. If you're a light sleeper, make sure you request a room away from the trains (which run right at the end of the block). We could hear them all night long in our room, and it was a big problem for two of us. If the hotel hadn't been full, we would have switched rooms. Loved the free nightly wine reception in the lobby, and the Wii is a fun touch and would be great for kids. Also loved the free wifi. The attached hotel restaurant was good, but not great; I wouldn't eat there again over all the other great places in Chicago. Definitely recommend to travelers looking for a reasonably priced 4-star hotel.	
Oct 25 2009	Fantastic!	The customer service at this hotel is outstanding. The front desk graciously changed our room when my daughter (a frequent Kimpton guest) explained it was my first trip to Chicago and her birthday and we were hoping for a river view. The concierge, Ryan, was incredibly personable and helpful. Ali, the hostess at the restaurant, was fabulous...helped us pick a wonderful bottle of wine for our room and then later personally delivered us a cheese plate to enjoy with it &quot;on the house&quot;. Wow! After my experience at this hotel and the Hotel Monaco in Alexandria, VA I am a Kimpton fan.	
Oct 25 2009 	Dr John at the Kimpton Monaco Chicago	Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church (my room looked down upon Wacker Drive, the aforementioned church and the Chicago River. Small room, virtually no storage space. Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue. They provided adequate service, with no problems. This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program. I never felt comfortable in this hotel. I'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age. Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender. The young people can have at it. I'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time.	
Oct 18 2009 	An excellent stay	We loved this hotel and would definitely come back. Initially we weren't given a goldfish, which was disappointing, but then we left a tip for the housekeeper, and she rewarded us with one. We had fun sipping wine and playing Wii in the lobby every afternoon. The staff were quite friendly and helpful, even printing our boarding passes for us. Our room was very comfortable, with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper. At first we were worried about noise, since our room was next to the elevator, but we hardly heard it, and didn't notice any street noise either. The hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated, well-lit, and ideally located.	
Oct 16 2009 	Still a Very Good Hotel w/Great Location but I Notice Budget Cuts	I think the recession is taking its toll since our previous visit 11 months ago. The concierge now works behind the front desk, assisting with check in/out, and there's a WII station off the lobby where the concierge desk used to sit. I didn't see a bell captain, but there was adequate staff (&quot;bell boys&quot; sounds outdated) to handle the luggage very promptly. There was a delay fetching our car at checkout, but that's common at most hotels. As In-Touch members, we received a free newspaper of our choice, free WIFI, and turn-down service. We did not request a coffee maker in our room this trip. There is coffee and Taza teas with skim milk and cream in the lobby. However, one day the hot water and skim milk urns were both empty. We have a standing request for a quiet room on an upper floor, and this time we were on the 14th floor with a king room behind the stair well with no view (#1418). It was indeed very quiet (though you can hear slight elevator noises in the bathroom) and a bit larger with two easy chairs and a wider closet. The bed was as comfortable as ever, but I noticed a stain on the carpet, a couple of stains on the ottoman, and a rip in the chair slipcover. Excellent, adjustable HVAC. The hotel offers a yoga bag (mat, towel, blocks) on request, and there are various free yoga, meditation, and Pilates workouts on the hotel's TV menu. We like this hotel because the staff is friendly &amp; helpful, and we can walk to the Lyric Opera, the Art Institute, Michigan Avenue, and the great River North restaurants. We even walk to the Field Museum! If you don't need a full breakfast (we spent about $30 with tip in the South Water restaurant), there is a Corner Bakery nearby and various Starbucks a little further. The downside is the $40/day parking cost, so perhaps we will try the parking garage around the corner next time.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Stay at the Monaco Hotel	Had a great stay at the Monaco Hotel. Manager surprised us with a fruit tray compliments of the Harbor Court Hotel in San Francisco (we had stayed there several months ago). A big THANK YOU TO BOTH HOTELS (check out the attached picture). Great room . . . window seat was the best for relaxing, reading the New York Times and just looking out the window. Room was made up in a timely manner. Front desk staff very helpful and nice. Our room was on the 14th floor (the top) and we enjoyed every minute of staying at the Monaco. Give it a try . . . it won't disappoint.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great stay excellent hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco in July, 2009. We have stayed at previous Kimpton hotels and have always been pleased. I am an Intouch member, so I was able to get a discounted rate for that weekend which was a big plus! The rooms are spacious and trendy. The free internet was a plus. I was concerned about no hotel parking (they have valet) but was able to find a parking garage around the corner from the hotel. The convenience to the &quot;L&quot; was a plus too.	
Oct 13 2009 	Highly recommended!	Beautiful downtown hotel close to Millineum Park &amp; Chicago Art Institute. The staff was friendly, professional, &amp; very motivated to make sure our stay was comfortable. At arrival on marathon weekend there was a mix-up with our room requests. We ended up with even better rooms &amp; a free bottle of wine, compliments of Mark at the front desk! The housekeeper left us a free Corona because she observed we liked it, &amp; the door man personifies quintessential Chicago.	
Oct 8 2009 	Welcoming staff great location	Stayed at Hotel Monaco, Chicago for 5 nights on business and I was very impressed. The staff was friendly from the time I checked in. The concierge was helpful with reservations for restaurants and even got us a reservation at a place that normally doesn't take them. My room had a beautiful view of the Chicago river. There was some noise from neighbors slamming their doors late at night (2-3am),but that only lasted one night thankfully.The location, within the Loop, makes it easy to get to various points of interest. Overall I had a great stay at this hotel and would return again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	Nice size room, very nice staff and great location!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel	We don't normally stay right in the city, but we were without the kids and got a great deal on the room. We had a wonderful time. The room was gorgeous, clean, and quiet. The staff were very attentive and helpful.	
Oct 5 2009 	No Fish!!!!	I was very disappointed with this hotel. I had read such great reviews and gave up a hotel with a pool to stay here under the premise that there would be a fish in the room to entertain my child. I emailed the hotel well in advance and they assured me they'd put one in the room. Upon check in they again told me the fish would be coming. Nothing happened. I called again and was finally told, hours later, that they had no fish, much to my child's disappointment. The reason given was vague - either the fish dies or they ran out. The point is that they never bothered to tell me this - I had to find out after many attempts and I don't like that kind of treatment at what is supposed to be a four star hotel. The room was not that clean, either (hair, dust), and the wallpaper was coming off the walls in spots. If I were to make a choice again, I'd go with a hotel with a pool. There are many other choices.	
Oct 3 2009 	If only the loose ends were tied up...	Let me start by saying I will return to this hotel. Friendly staff, good location, stylish environment, great graphics, lovely L'Occetaine toiletries. There were, however, negatives to the experience. For example, the bath &quot;bombs&quot; and animal socks placed in the room are not free. Yes, there are price tags/signs accompanying these items, but I prefer my hotel room to be a place to sleep, not to shop. Excellent and free coffee is available in the lobby, but only from 6 to 9 AM. My suggestion: offer coffee til at least noon, dump the proffered but ignored apples and oranges, and put out a modest tray of breakfast carbs (rolls, muffins, breads). Blessed be those who bestow the benevolence of breakfast.Asked for and received a quiet room, but my room overlooked a service roof/steakhouse sign, sans view of the beautiful city of Chicago and minus the window seats touted by other guest reviews. Dark,depressing and lacking any geographical specificity. Prior to my visit, I joined the Kimpton club, but the front desk had no record of my membership. Membership offers a number of benefits, including preferred newspaper delivered to the room. I only received the requested NY Times one day out of the three I stayed at the hotel. Pad and pen (I took them with me when I went out the first day of my visit) were not replaced during my stay. It's the little things...Another guest reviewer mentioned receiving warm cookies. Cookies were MIA during my visit. While Monaco does offer the &quot;use&quot; of pet goldfish during one's stay, I'd rather have the cookies. Actually, I'm going to try to put the goldfish thing out of my mind all together.Monaco is SO CLOSE to being great. I hope my comments will be taken in the constructive spirit with which they are offered, and will lead to the perfect sojourn on my next trip to Chi.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Location	We've been to Chicago before but have always stayed in the suburbs so this was our first time staying downtown. We chose Hotel Monaco as we were attending a Wedding Reception at the Hard Rock Hotel (just round the corner) and we made the right decision. The staff were friendly and helpful. We requested an early check in and this was noted on our reservation but we didn't actually get to the hotel until 5.30pm as our flight from Heathrow was delayed. This hotel is in an excellent location for all of the Downtown attractions. We walked everywhere - well nearly everywhere - we got a cab when it rained!There are only 2 negatives - 1. Our room was quite dark as it over looked an alley and didn't get any sun 2. No Tea/Coffee Making facilities in the room (it is offered in reception though but you have to get dressed!)	
Sep 23 2009 	Heavenly Delightful!	Hotel Monaco is a rare find in a busy city! This fantastic and friendly hotel caters to every individual whim or fancy in style. The room was spacious and beautifully decorated, and the window seats provided an incredible view of the city and the ChicagoRiver. We enjoyed the Wine Reception and the free morning Starbucks coffee. I let the hotel know that I was celebrating my birthday in my favorite city, and when we returned to our room that evening, a bottle of champagne was waiting. Two evenings later, we were pleasantly surprised again with champagne and fruit from our concierge, Ryan. Our housekeeper Beatrice even left M'Ms for me! Mark and Frances and all of thegreat staff (I wish I could remember all of their names), made our visit indeed memorable.Ryan's dinner suggestion of Hugos and Pizanos were right on.The architectural river cruise is beautiful- Chicago's First ladyWe flew into Midway and took the Orange line right to the loop- cheap and easy!We went to a Sox game and also took the El. The ball park is modern and spacious with delicious food and drink.Hotel location is perfect! great shopping in the loop and magnificent mile.We will definitely stay again at Hotel Monaco! Where else can you have a goldfish in your room, and have your palm read during a wine reception in the lobby!	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	My husband and I spent a weekend in Chicago recently for the U2 concert and wanted a reasonably priced hotel in a good location. We picked a winner with Hotel Monaco. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and the bed was soooo comfortable. We are actually due for a new mattress soon and may buy the same one. Best of all you can't beat the location. You are within walking distance to many sights and since it's in the Loop every El line is 1-2 blocks away. We flew into O'Hare and simply took the blue line and walked 2-3 blocks to the hotel. If we go to Chicago again we will defiantely stay there again. We HIGHLY recommend the Hotel Monaco!!	
Sep 16 2009 	An absolute delight!	I've traveled far too much than I'd like to admit, but the Hotel Monaco Chicago has refreshed my memory of what a hotel really can be. How refreshing it was to arrive to a comfortable lobby and a genuinely warm welcome from the desk agent. Don't expect the usual, &quot;give me your credit card, here's your key&quot; routine here. The staff actually TALKED with me--not intrusively, mind you--but they made a connection. We were here for a long weekend and every time I came and went, I was greeted. The staff asked how things were going with my stay. When I mentioned something I might need, they took care of it. Forget &quot;might,&quot; they've got it covered. Two days after we arrived, one of the agents who helped check us in asked how our dinner at Volare was. He actually remembered the recommendation we received from the concierge! The room was just perfect. Just a touch run-down on some upholstery. But I wasn't looking at the upholstery. I was looking at the delightful view of the river from our spacious window seat. It was easily 6-feet long and 5-feet deep. I could imagine sitting there for hours in a rain storm, reading a book or wasting the hours away.I've stayed in all of the boring big hotels that aim for mediocrity. No thanks. I can do without the super-chlorinated lobby fountain. I'll take the Hotel Monaco from now on!	
Sep 15 2009 	HIghly recommend the Chicago Hotel Monaco!	The lobby seating truly feels like a comfortable living room with newspapers and early morning Starbucks coffee and evening wine. Rooms are relatively small but exceptionally clean and very comfortable with Occitane toiletries, quality seating and good lighting. Workspace was very functional and Internet access free with Kimpton membership. I especially appreciated the day cushion in the bay window which not only made me smile but provided an unusual view of the Chicago River and adjacent offices. Location is superb close to all el lines and the theatre district. The hotel was at capacity during our stay but staff were always gracious with a warm welcome back on our return.A small point - would recommend that the hotel acquire a proper fish tank in they insist on goldfish as their hallmark! Really didn't like to see fish in little bowls . . . . Stayed at the Trump, Hotel Monaco and The James during our stay and would recommend them in that order.	
Sep 1 2009 	Rare Find	My time at the Hotel Monaco was a wonderful experience. I had never traveled to Chicago and relied upon reviews and my previous stays at Kimpton hotels to choose my hotel. My experience far surpassed my expectations.The Monaco is in a perfect location. It's within blocks of all CTA locations, and the primary Metra location is also very close. It's one block from Michigan Avenue, and only a few blocks from Millenium Park. It's very easy walking distance from the wonderful restaurants and shops of the River North area. I felt very safe, regardless of time of day/night that I was in transit. Hotel staff were always available--and with a smile and generous spirit. The lobby, unlike many Kimpton properties, is expansive with plenty of locations to mingle with colleagues and friends. My room was very large with tall ceilings and great windows. The bed was wonderfully comfortable, and only the loudest street noise (wailing sirens) could penetrate the room. I never heard neighbors, plumbing or normal street noise. I haven't slept so well in ages.Housekeeping was stellar. The room was meticulously cleaned every day. I left an average tip on my first day and was rewarded with bottled water that night, compliments of my housekeeper with a lovely note.My Kimpton In Touch arrival gift included bottled water and caramel corn.I didn't try the restaurant, but it was busy every evening. It seemed particularly popular with locals at happy hour. My only possible critique is that coffee/tea service ends at 9:00 am every day (including weekends). If you opt to sleep in one day, plan to walk to a nearby coffee shop.	
Sep 1 2009 	perfect	We stayed here on the night of our wedding. The views facing the riverfront were spectacular. Everything in the room was immaculate and perfectly coordinated. The colors were bright and bold, but overall the decor was soothing. Beyond appearances the amenities were neat and comfortable. The hot tub and window seats were our favorite.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Hotel	My initial thought of the hotel was, this place is just ok, I didnt look up any reviews as I was staying there with 2 other friends. I was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room. Views were good, its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located. I'm crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is HUGE. I love all the space they have. Flat tv, traditional seating and I admired the fabric-based headboards. Those are very nice! Walking distance to restaurants were convenient. I'm a highly frequent traveler to Chicago almost 20 years now and always stay with relatives. In any event, I'd recommend staying at the Monaco again!	
Aug 19 2009 	WOW!	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for three nights in August, 2000. It was excellent in every way.The doorman on arrival was excellent – friendly and accommodating. He explained where I should go to check in and what to do if my room was ready, and what to do if it wasn’t. He arranged quickly for a valet, and gave us help with our many bags.Our room wasn’t ready (it was only 1 PM) – but the deskman was very friendly and clear and explained that we could wait for our room on a high floor, or they could get us into a lower floor room right away. We chose to wait. They tagged and stored our luggage.We spent about an hour in the hotel restaurant/bar having a drink – that was the only time we frequented the restaurant, but it was very good – lots of drink options available.Then we got to our room and went WOW! We got a great Travelzoo rate on a suite, and it was very large and nicely laid out. The décor was very funky – not what you’d probably do in your own home, but for a hotel it was lots of fun. They provided two animal print bath robes. The room had a very comfortable queen bed and some nice chairs and couches. The room also had window seats, that provided for a nice secluded space to read while watching the world go by.The high speed internet was included in our rate and it worked very well.The bathroom was huge with a shower stall, and giant hot tub.The staff were all very friendly the entire time. We had one issue with the internet, and it was resolved right away. Any questions we had about Chicago were answered quickly.The evening wine reception was nice, though there were a few too many toddlers roaming around for our liking.Morning coffee and paper was a nice touch. As was the evening turn down service – chocolate mints on the pillows, and a relaxing, recorded stream/waterfall &quot;movie&quot; on the TV.The room was very quiet. The air conditioning worked well – good thing as it was hot and muggy outside.And the location can’t be beat. It’s right on the Chicago River, a block from Michigan Avenue. It was a short walk to the theatre district, Millennium Park, and of course Michigan Avenue.Being a Kimpton Hotel, it is pet friendly, though we didn't have our dog with us. We didn't ask for a goldfish to go in our room.All in all a wonderful experience.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Location Upscale hotel at a great rate!	The Hotel Monaco was truly a great experience. The rooms were superb, and I personally enjoyed their bed more than I enjoy my own! They have a wine reception every day at 5 in summers, and set up a wii for kids to play. The shower is great, and they give you turndown service at no charge every day! The rates are excellent for Chicago, and it is only 2 blocks away from Millenium Park. Great location, within walking distance to everything. The Hotel Monaco is the place to be!	
Aug 15 2009	Hotel Monaco a Hit	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for three nights from August 11 through August 14. This was our first trip to Chicago and were pleased with our choice of both city and hotel.Location: We chose Hotel Monaco based on the many positive reports on Trip Advisor and other sites. We wanted to be close to the river and the trains and with the Lake station a few blocks away, the location for us was perfect. Wicker Park/Bucktown, Oak Park and of course O’Hare are easily accessed. In particular, the convenience of taking a train from a major international airport downtown as opposed to a taxi, bus, etc. was appreciated (Hello Toronto, get your act together). The Loop location (Wacker and Wabash) was great with many major attractions within easy walking distance (we are a couple in our early 50’s with a teenage daughter). Hotel: This isa great hotel, very reasonably priced with excellent amenities, rooms and staff. We were given room 1208, overlooking the intersection of Wacker and Wabash with the river, the Trump Tower and a Mies Van der Rohe tower forming a backdrop. The room was very clean, large, cool and bright with two queen beds. Our only concern would be the lack of drawer space (maybe due to this being an adjoining room with 1207. The window seats are wonderful to lay on and gaze out on the view or for catching a short nap! The hotel was very quiet with no hall or room noise. On the 12th floor we could just hear the El down on Wacker which we really enjoyed (the El was a major interest of ours). We enjoyed the size of this hotel where front desk and lobby staff recognize you. Complimentary Starbucks coffee in the morning and wine late afternoon, offered in a double height room adjacent to the lobby, were very nice touches. Staff: The staff were very helpful and professional, offering interesting and important facts and advice. At 11.30 am arrival, our luggage was stored and front desk staff called our cell a few hours later to inform us that our room was ready. Bottled drinks were left for us be the housekeeping staff when they realized we liked orange juice. When a family emergency occurred on our day of departure, staff offered to help get our luggage to the Lake station for the trip to O’Hare.Excursions: We are by no means Chicago experts but we’d suggest the following:1. Check out the Wicker Park/Bucktown area for some great little shops (used books, movies, etc.) and wonderful food.2. The Chicago Food Planet Food Tours are a wonderful way to slowly get to know interesting neighbourhoods (and to get away from the repetitive nature of places like the ‘Magnificent Mile’ (not so mag in our minds).3. The Steppenwolf Theatre in OldTown was a nice treat and we were able to get some good food and drink at O’Briens.4. The trip to Oak Park (self guided walking tour and home tour) is very interesting. This part of Oak Park is beautiful and the home tour guides offer great insight into the life of Frank Lloyd Wright.5. Whatever you do, GO to Millennium Park and the Art Institute. World class all the way. Unfortunately Millennium Park closes at 11.00 pm so be sure to go earlier to catch the amazing light of the Pritzker Pavilion and the surrounding buildings.In conclusion, we would highly recommend this hotel for your next trip to Chicago.	
Aug 13 2009 	Hotel Monaco Has Flair	I am a frequent travler to Chicago. I was part of a larger group conference and probably had the smallest room the hotel offered. With that said, it was very comfortable. The furnishings were very nice but the bathroom was small and spartan with lmiited toiletries. I have stayed at Hotel Monacos in DC, Denver and Portland, and Chicago suffers by comparison. The building is quite old and there was only so much improvements that could be made. With that said, it is still a nice hotel and worth considering for the location and price.	
Aug 5 2009 	loved the window seats!	Great location and helpful, professional staff. Elegant lobby and fun comfortable rooms. Ours had a view of the river. My only complaint was that the rooms both had a bit of an odor. My sister described it as &quot;leisure suit&quot;.	
Jul 27 2009 	great service and location	Stayed here for three nights. Service was very good. Hot cookies at check in. Room was ready on time and very well kept. This hotel has three star accomodations with 4 star service and wonderful location. Can walk to shopping, restuarants and threater. Grand Lux Cafe had great food on Michigan Ave.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location helpful staff	Overlooks Chicago River; leave hotel, cross street and walk along the river's path to Lake Michigan. Along the way there are bike rentals, cafe's, boat cruises, water taxis...invigorating way to exercise and see water. Shop on N State St one block away. Here's the mecca of retail discount shopping...Filene's Basement, TJMaxx, Loehmann's, Nordstrom's Rack, Sears/LandsEnd, H&amp;M..on and on... Bargains? You bet. Upscale dining practically adjacent to hotel...Morton's, Mccormick &amp; Schmick, Smith &amp; Wollensky. And if you walk over the bridge and about 1/4 mile you'll find Chicago greats like the ORIGINAL Uno and close-by is Due (DOO-ay) the second one built to handle Uno's overflow. My fave restaurant is 1/2 mi from hotel called Quartino. Italian tapas that's so good, I dream about it. (see Quartino's reviews). The staff at the hotel are very friendly and helpful. We were there for 4 nights and no problems at all. Room itself is a little worn, the sheets had a few holes in them and they use only flat (no fitted sheets) sheets which kept getting untucked and made the bed look sloppy.. Housekeeper saw we were buying water and she kept leaving us free bottles...nice touch. We had a car and knew ahead of the $40/night charge so no surprise there (and it was comparable to other parking garages/hotels nearby. ) We needed a car to visit relatives but between the nearby L , walking, and taxis; the average visitor would not need a car.	
Jul 23 2009 	Gorgeous w/fabulous location but staff could use improvement	The location and decor couldn't be nicer! And the price was right, too, because we took advantage of a TravelZoo special. Nothing could beat the windowseat in our upper floor room which looked out onto the river over the North Wabash and State Street bridges and the newly finished Trump building (which is a lot more architecturally aesthetic than any of his NYC monstrosities).But the staff seemed as though they weren't thrilled to work there. They weren't unhelpful, per se, but appeared to prefer that they hadn't been bothered to answer a question, whether it was for a restaurant recommendation or for directions to a Southside location. We were assured by two concierges that mass transit from the hotel was unavailable. A bit of internet research on my part (as an NYC native I'm used to navigating a mass transit system) revealed that the closest El stop (State &amp; Lake) to the Hotel Monaco would drop us at a station on the Southside and from there it was an easy bus ride (the connection was right outside the station) that would drop us right across the street from our destination. Because we'd bought a one day fun pass for the cta, the round trip bus and train was included in the flat fee for the card (which we used earlier in the day).So, the concierges could be a bit more knowledgeable and helpful to guests traveling outside the hotel's immediate neighborhoods. One of them also gave us incorrect directions to the Willis (formerly Sears) tower.And when we checked out on a Saturday and discovered that there was an erronious restaurant charge added to our bill, the front desk clerk informed us that she could not reverse the charge herself. It would have to be done by the accounting dept., which doesn't work on weekends, so the problem wouldn't be taken care of until Monday. The promised follow-up from the accounting dept. didn't happen either.BUT ... for atmosphere and location (it's also within walking distance to some superb and highly affordable restaurants, as well as its proximity to the State &amp; Lake El, from which you can go just about anywhere in the city, the Monaco can't be beat. It is truly gorgeous.	
Jul 23 2009 	Better than advertised	I have stayed at other Hotel Monaco's, this is my favorite. Staff was friendly and helpful, room and products spectacular, and the location couldn't be beat. Can't wait to stay there again.	
Jul 22 2009 	The Best	The location is the best, better than the Magnificent Mile, I walked everywhere. The rooms are very clean and a good size, the service is excellent. After staying at this hotel I will try other Kimpton Hotels	
Jul 21 2009 	Smart comfortable hotel in the city centre	Although even &quot;boutique&quot; hotels in this part of the world are pretty big and high rise, this one has a lot more character than many of the larger chain offerings.Rooms are very chic and comfortable. Service is friendly. Location is excellent for Downtown and the Loop.Breakfasts are good, and ate lunch a couple of times which was well above average. The bar has a really nice buzzy atmosphere for a hotel, with a good range of local &quot;craft&quot; beers on draft (not the ubiquitous Bud Lite) if you like that sort of thing.Overall, not cheap but definitely worth it.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Location and Service	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco over the July 4th weekend. We have previously stayed at the Monaco's sister hotel the Burnham and were very pleased, but wanted to check out someplace different. The hotel staff were among the most friendly I have encountered anywhere. They were extremely helpful and accomodating. We never entered or left the premises without an enthusiatic &quot;welcome back&quot; or &quot;have a great day.&quot; I observed the staff helping guests unfamiliar with the area and giving great advice even to some guests who were being quite rude. The location is prime for pretty much anything you could want to do in Chicago. The hotel is extremely clean as is the restaurant downstairs. The rooms are not huge but are typical for some of the more historical hotels in Chicago, NYC or any other major urban location and were quite comfortable.	
Jul 16 2009 	Missed the Mark	I was disappointed during my recent stay for a conference. Given the favorable reviews, I was anticipating a much happier experience. Several things were just &quot;off&quot;. Although check-in time is posted at three, our room wasn't ready until 4:30. The desk staff appeared either overwhelmed or disinterested. For instance, as I was leaving one day, the counter person asked &quot;Shall I call you a cab?&quot;. I responded that I would be taking the 'L'. The response? &quot;I'll have X get you a cab.&quot; Also had a rather unpleasant experience with housekeeping. I returned (albeit early afternoon) to find that my room was being cleaned. I dropped off some material and said that I'd be back soon. I returned an hour later and while the room wasn't pristine (water glass still on the table) the beds were made, towels refreshed and I thought all was well enough. As I started to change clothes and relax, there was a knock on the door. It was housekeeping. A rather grumpy &quot;I'm not done cleaning the room yet&quot; came through the door. At that point I didn't want to be disturbed any longer, and said that everything was fine as it was.Too, I realize that the rooms can't all face the river, but our alley facing window did give way to lots of noise (from the 'L' and trash removal). I visit Chicago every couple of years on business and thought I would give something besides the larger chains a try. I certainly will not be re-visiting this hotel, though.	
Jul 15 2009 	Not Top 40 in the U.S.	We stayed five nights at the Hotel Monaco, opting out of the better chains, primarily basing our decision to stay on the reputation of the Kimpton Hotel chain and the Travel Advisor ranking. Even though we stayed during a convention--understandably there's little choice in rooms--, we would have expected better. We arrived at 12:30 PM and were shown two rooms that we rejected. The first one was very dark and the second one though a bit less dark, had a funny smell (in fact the beds in all the rooms smelled funny--poor soap or old feather pillows). We were told that at 3 PM we would be offered a nicer room. At 3:20, we inquired and were told that our room was not ready. After discussing this (the manager said to me with veiled sarcasm: &quot;I'm sure you have stayed at better hotels&quot; when I said I was upset by this), we were finally given a room facing a wall on the 14th floor, which was otherwise fine. We did complain about the coldness in the room and were told to take off the fan and the temperature would be fine--it never went above 68. The hotel is in a good location, the rooms are tastefully decorated (though showing their age) the adjacent restaurant serves a great breakfast, but I will never come back here.	
Jul 13 2009 	Whimsical in the best sense of the word	I had a wonderful time at the Hotel Monaco. Everything you would expect from a quality chain hotel with the feel of a small, boutique hotel. The rooms are richly decorated. Nothing bland. The window seats are fantastic. And check out their goldfish program. I've already recommended it to friends.	
Jul 13 2009 	Location location location!	Location is unbeatable! Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Hotel is beautifully decorated inside. Our room was showing a little bit of wear (wallpaper peeling in one place, floorboard scuffed in several places, shower made some annoying noise)I would definitely stay here again!(Hotel has valet parking...which they neglected to tell me was $40/day! That was a shocker on the bill!)	
Jul 10 2009 	Highly recommended	The Monaco is friendly, stylish, clean and well located. Don't let the weird facade fool you- I was disappointed as we pulled up but inside is very well decorated and the staff could not have been nicer. The room was large with excellent furnishings, clean, and surprisingly quiet considering the hotel is located pretty much on a hectic corner in the Loop. Walking distance to the Art Institute, Millennium Park, Michigan Ave shopping, theaters, restaurants. The wine hour is pleasant and the 1 dollar upgrade for a continental breakfast is well worth it- large fresh fruit plate plus pastry-The little window seats are very cool. Great beds and linen, nice big bathroom, fantastic robes in the large closet too.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent hotel great location.	This hotel is one of the best I have stayed in. The location is great, just a short walk to Michigan Ave. The rooms are HUGE! Biggest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Great decor and ambiance within the hotel. There is a wine hour between 5-6pm where all residents can make the most of free wine, snacks and there is also a Wii console to use within this hour. This is a great way to meet other travellers and enjoy the beautiful hotel. I would definately reccoment this hotel. There is a gym, however it is small. The attached bar/ restaurant is also very nice. Free breakfast bars are also available on the rception desk - I have never been in a hotel that gives so much free things! Suitable for all. Dogs are even allowed!	
Jul 9 2009 	Awesome	This was my first time in Chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location. This definitely fit the bill. I could walk to all the places I wanted to see - very close to Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile. About a 15 minute walk to the Art Institute. The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. There was coffee in the lobby every morning, that was very welcome. The room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet. I could hear the train and some traffic from the street (considering the location, this wasn't bad and didn't affect my ability to sleep or relax). I would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location helpful staff wonderful experience	We had a top-floor suite at the Monaco during Fourth of July weekend and loved it. The suite was very large with a comfortable bed, jacuzzi, two large flat screen tvs and a sleeper sofa for the kids. Our girls loved the huge window seats overlooking the river. The staff was very friendly, prompt and helpful. They gave the kids stuffed animals when we checked in and brought up a pet goldfish for us during our stay. The location was fantastic, right off Wacker across from Marina City on the river. We were in manageable walking distance to lots of kid-friendly spots: the American Girl Store, the Rain Forest Cafe, Cheesecake Factory, Hershey Store, Portillos, Millennium Park, the Art Institute and plenty of pizza places. The museum complex was also a short train ride away and it was easy to find a bus to take to Navy Pier. You couldn't see the fireworks from the hotel but we only had to walk a couple blocks to see them from the street. On the whole, I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	A great stay!	My husband and I LOVED our stay at the Hotel Monaco. The location is fabulous - right downtown in the loop and close to everything - including El stops. The room was great. We both LOVED the window seats. I could just sit up in there and read and look out over the city and the river. There were a couple of parts of the hotel that looked a little &quot;worn&quot; - for instance the entryway (the carpet, etc.), looked a little &quot;old&quot;. But, all in all - it was a great place. I appreciated the free Starbucks coffee in the morning and the free evening reception, although we only got to go to that once. In short - Chicago is an amazing city and Hotel Monaco was great!	
Jul 4 2009 	Simply...Awesome !!!	The trip was planned for my daughters graduation from college. My wife, daughter, and myself had a great time. The Monaco and its staff were excellent. The location was great, your close to everything. I would definitly stay again and recommend it to everyone. We had a wonderful room with a view overlooking the river with 2 window seats, just a great stay. Thank you Kimpton, Thank You Hotel Monaco, and Thank You Chicago.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fun hotel in a great location	We had a great stay at the Hotel Monaco. Rich, the concierge on duty when we checked in, was welcoming and very helpful, and we found the rest of the staff to be friendly and helpful as well. The room was clean and well appointed, and we loved the window seat. We were less than 10 minutes from Grant Park and the State Street Macy's (check out the ceilings there...fantastic!), and we were close to the train as well. We didn't try the food at the affiliated restaurant (South Water Kitchen) because there were other restaurants nearby we wanted to try. Overall, it was a great experience, and the next time we're in Chicago, we'll be sure to stay here.	
Jun 29 2009 	In one word..."fabulous"!	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago for 3 nights (6/22-6/25). The purpose of this trip was to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday &amp; to do some sightseeing/shopping. On a previous visit we stayed at The Drake Hotel (which is also very nice) but the staff at the Hotel Monaco went out of their way to make sure this trip was memorable as well as comfortable. We booked on Priceline and got a great rate--the only drawback was that you cant guarantee a queen room (Priceline's fault--not the hotel). However, the front desk cheerfully upgraded us to a King Mediterranean suite (Room 905) with a partial view of the river. The padded window seats (3 of them!) are amazing as is the massive jacuzzi tub--so relaxing. My youngest daughter actually preferred sleeping in the window seat to the sofa bed. There is no in-room coffeemaker and we are late-risers (coffee is served 6am-9am in lobby) but a quick call produced a coffeemaker that we used throughout our stay. We didnt have turndown service on any night of our stay (slight negative) but the manager did send a personal welcome note &amp; complimentary champagne for my daughter's birthday--a nice touch! I might mention we are Kimpton InTouch members--all of my requests were met (non-pet floor; quiet room w/view, highest floor possible, etc.) even though we booked with a 3rd party so I would suggest joining their rewards program (free) if you arent already a member. I hope to return to Chicago again soon and we will definitely stay at the Hotel Monaco!! My hats off to Kimpton for making us feel like &quot;special guests&quot;--not just ordinary travelers.	
Jun 29 2009 	An almost perfect stay.	This review is rather late, but I had some time to think about what I wanted to write &amp; essentially we (my husband &amp; I) had a great stay. My only complaint was that I slept very little due to very loud construction noise (i.e. jackhammers, etc) which was a result of the city doing roadwork the entire weekend of my conference; the hotel said they had no advance notice of this when I asked about it. We stayed in a lovely Mediterranean suite w/ river view, which I would highly recommend - lots of room to spread out. Service was great. Dining in the restaurant was ok (Hotel Birnham's restaurant was wonderful). We also enjoyed walking to other restaurants in the area (loved Osteria Via Stato) &amp; picking up snacks at Trader Joe's. We also were able to see Wicked our first evening in Chicago &amp; went on the Chicago Architectural Foundation riverboat tour. My first introduction to L'Occitane products which I have since ordered (love that Verbena scent). We loved the complimentary bath salts to use in the jacuzzi. In the future, if I ever return to this or any other hotel that is doing roadwork, I will change my room to an interior room or change hotel altogether as it was very unpleasant to exist on so little rest, but I guess this wasn't the fault of the hotel. It was a rather expensive room because it was conference season.	
Jun 29 2009 	Would stay here every time!	We stayed at Hotel Monaco 6/25-6/27 with our 4 1/2 year old twins. The hotel is upscale, but they made our entire family feel welcome - from the Kimpton Kids packs at check-in to the pair of goldfish in our room. We stayed in a Queen-Queen - room 1408 - with a view of the river and the Sears Tower. Our room was exceptionally large and quiet. My kids LOVED the window seats and spent a great deal of time hanging out in them. Due to other plans, we were unable to enjoy the wine hour downstairs - but passed through and it looked wonderful.Excellent location. We walked (all of us) to the Lego store and the Hershey store. We took a cab back from the Hershey store on the Magnificent Mile because the legs of 4 year olds don't last that long. The fare was only $6 - so the hotel seems to be in a good location for that. Public transportation (bus/metra) is within 2 blocks. We easily used the bus system to go to the Museum of Science &amp; Industry. Taste of Chicago was going on as well and was easily within walking distance.We highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 28 2009 	Wonderful stay!	Stayed at Hotel Monaco 6/24-6/26 and really enjoyed my stay there. Hotel staff was friendly. Stayed at room 912 which was a King river view room. Absolutely loved the bed and the window seat. So comfortable I took a nap on the window seat. Loved the turn down service to the Hotel lobby to the free wi-fi. The only thing from my experience there that I didn't like was the walls from the hall way to the room apparently are too thin or something. There was a loud guy in the hall way talking on his cell around 930pm on 6/24 on the 9th floor. Was about to say something to the front desk when I heard someone from the other room confronted him. He continued to be loud for a few moments then he left. This really didn't have anything to do with the hotel but just made my experience there was slightly diminished because of that. Anyway. The room was beautiful and clean and would love to stay here again.	
Jun 26 2009 	Pretty Good	Won this hotel on Priceline for $90. When I called to request a room with two beds they said they were sold out and had no availability. This was a bit annoying since I was traveling with a friend, but we worked something out. The location is great. Close enough to all the Loop and Magnificent Mile attractions and right next to an L stop for the rest of the city. We spent very little time in the room itself, which was large, nice and clean. The bathroom seemed particularly fancy. The service was friendly. Our room faced a brick wall, but that was expected from booking through Priceline. If I was traveling solo or could have gotten a room with two beds it probably would have been perfect.	
Jun 24 2009 	One of our favorites	My fiance and I have stayed at the Monaco in Chicago for the past several years on our anniversary. As a veteran of the hospitality industry, the Monaco always meets our standards. From beautiful art deco rooms, to fabulous customer service, we will always return here on our special day. And since we can't bring our beloved dog along, we always treat ourselves to a complementary goldfish as a stand-in pet for the evening. Always a treat for a reasonable price.	
Jun 22 2009 	We'll Stay Again But Will Be More Specific Next Time	We stayed at the Hotel Monace on June 19-20, 2009. The visit was to celebrate our 20th anniversary, although we didn't make any type of announcement to the hotel staff. Wine reception and turndown service were great touches - loved the window seat, though not the best view, and the concierge staff was most helpful.While the stay was relaxing in all respects, there were a couple of little disappointments. First, we had requested a quiet room on a higher floor and away from the elevator. We were given a 4th floor room that was right across from the elevator -- ding, ding, ding. The first greeting we received once inside our room was barking from the dog(s) next door -- but that soon quieted down. We later found out that this pet-friendly hotel puts the patrons with pets on the 4th floor if possible. I'm not sure how a middle-aged couple without a pet ended up on the that floor; we probably should have asked for a different room, but we didn't. Later on Friday night (after midnight), I was awakened by two couples, obviously staying on opposite ends of the 4th floor calling down the hallway their plans for the next day - and, of course, their goodbyes for the evening! That was rude to the highest degree.The room itself was excellent, we just would have been happier with a better location within the hotel. Without reservation, we will stay here again, but next time will make sure to follow through with making sure our room request is exactly what we want.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great time at Hotel Monaco!	We went to Chicago with a bunch of friends to see the MN Twins play at Wrigley. We booked our rooms via priceline and Hotel Monaco was the chosen hotel. We were not dissapointed. The hotel is just a block or two off of Michigan Ave where we spent a day walking around shopping, eating, etc. There are several bars, places to eat in the immediate vicinity, and tons within a short walking distance. Ryan, the concierge, was always there and very helpful with directions, and he made reservations for us for dinner a couple times. The bell staff was quick with getting cabs whenever we need them. The hotel is situated about 3 blocks from the train which we took to and from the airport. $2.25 vs. $40-50 cab fare. (and quicker) Our room was nice and clean although the view was of a roof and the side of another building. What can you expect by using priceline? We saved alot of money by using priceline! Every night the hotel put on a wine party with free wine and there was coffee in the morning from Starbucks in the lobby. We got room service for breakfast one morning and it wasn't very good. We had some friends who walked across the street to the Emerald Loop for a breakfast buffet, we should have gone there. The hotel had free wi-fi, which is always nice. Morton's of Chicago is right next door, we had dinner there one night and it was one of the best meals we have had in a long time. Make sure to check the website before going there for a really great special! There are so many hotels in downtown Chicago we are not sure we would pick this one again, not because we didn't like it, but because we like to try new ones all the time, but if priceline chose this one again we wouldn't be dissapointed.	
Jun 17 2009 	Love Love LOVE this hotel!	Our whole family LOVED this hotel and will never stay anywhere else in Chicago. Our 4-year-old wanted to move in and never leave.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Location Great Place	The Monaco is just a great hotel. The room was a great size and we loved that we got to have a goldfish for our stay. Our room was on the top floor and the giant window looking out on the river was so lovely, especially because it had a window seat that we could sit in and watch the city in the rain.The location is great...right next to the river in the theater district. It's very close to shopping areas and the Chicago Institute of Art.The room service food we ordered was overpriced and mediocre, but other than that I loved everything. The staff was really welcoming and accomodating too. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 11 2009 	I can't imagine a better place to stay in Chicago	We had a truly great time on our first visit to Chicago, and the Hotel Monaco was a large reason for that. The hotel is perfectly located, just a couple of blocks from the El and subway, the Magnificent Mile and Millennium Park. Get a river view room; we were so glad we did as we spent lots of time just sitting in the big window seat and looking at the river and the buildings. The staff truly went above and beyond. We got a (great!) room even though we arrived before check-in, and after we mentioned that we were in town for our anniversary, Sheena, the truly awesome manager, sent us up a bottle of champagne. Ryan and Sylvia, the concierges, were both tremendously helpful. We enjoyed helping ourselves to the sangria at happy hour, free ice cream and warm cookies at 3pm. I hate staying in big name highrise hotels, so this is right up my alley. Friendly, convivial atmosphere, funky design. Highly recommended! One pointer - sign up for Kimpton Rewards if you aren't already a member.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Location Genuine Service	I want to recognize so many people who were exemplary in their service.1) Sylvia Rollins, Head Concierge. I wanted a fairly last minute reservation at MK restaurant. I spoke with Sylvia on the phone just a few days prior to arrival and within 15 minutes had the desired reservation. 2) Ryan Lettier, Concierge, provided us detailed information on the architectural cruises. Our morning cruise ended up being cancelled by the tour operator and Ryan provided a late check out time to cover us until we could get back to the Monaco. 3) Turndown service was provided as requested and housekeeping in general seemed to be at a high standard4) Even the bellman went out of their way to ask if we knew how to get the train etc when leaving the hotel. The rooms are tastfully furnished in that whimiscal Hotel Monaco feel. Beds and bedding both very comfortable. The complimentary happy hour and morning coffee/tea service were both very utililzed by the hotel guests.	
Jun 8 2009 	A Gem In The Heart of The Loop	I spent two nights at this wonderful Kimpton property for a romantic getaway weekend. The staff were extremely friendly. Our room was upgraded from a standard king to a larger room with a California King at check in. The room itself was spotless, nicely done with funky, yet tasteful decor. The oversized bed was extremely comfortable. Large bathroom with powerful shower pressure. The afternoon wine happy hour and w-ii is a nice touch. We also very much enjoyed two nights of cocktails at the adjacent bar and restaurant. The hotel is well located just off the Chicago River and almost anything you need/want to see is within walking distance, or a short cab ride away. Fast WIFI service that is also free (something not common at even the most upscale hotels). Our only complaint was the poor housekeeping service. Room was not cleaned until 2PM on our second day, requests for turndown service and extra towels took a couple of calls. The on site gym is tiny, but workable.I would definitely stay here again. This place is a winner.	
Jun 8 2009 	Fantastic hotel	This is a great hotel. The staff are very friendly and helpful, whether it's directions or restaurant recommendations. The rooms are clean and the bed and pillows are comfortable. Good water pressure on the shower. The location is very convenient to walking to many locations and it seemed like everything else was just a $5 cab ride away.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great location for leisure travel	The room and amenities are great! Easy access to train and short walk to river, dining, theatre.	
May 27 2009 	Over the Top	From the minute I arrived and saw the river just steps away, I was quickly greeted by the door man. I went to the front desk and the young lady knew we were checking in that day and realized we were part of a wedding party. On her second guess she guessed who we were and quickly checked us in and gave us an excellent room with a million dollar view. This was all within the first 15 minutes of arriving, and things never faltered from this top notch service, and courtesy that initially greeted us. The on site restaurant is excellent as well as the staff.	
May 21 2009 	Great spot for our weekend in the city!	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Everyone was very friendly from the doorman to the hotel desk clerk to the concierge. They were very considerate and give us an option of a quieter room or a room with a better view given our reservation request. I really liked that they guaranteed the types of beds at the time of reservation since it was a girl's weekend out and we certainly wanted two queens, not a king. The location was perfect for our needs. We were only a couple of blocks from Macy's (the old Marshall Fields), the art institute,theaters, restaurants and the Chicago Times building that starts the Miracle Mile.I had two minor complaints. The attached restaurant was a bit pricey although very good and while there were actually lots of restaurants all around us, it seemed that the staff were not that familiar with options that would suit us which meant some trial and error on our own.The other complaint was that I took my iPhone rather then my laptop to stay connected. The hotel has wireless but every time my phone went to sleep, it dropped the connection and logging in was so difficult that I stopped trying after a while. This seemed to be a function of the phone and the ISP.We had a great stay and I will certainly stay there again the next time I'm in town.	
May 21 2009 	Happy NE Loop location	We were in Chicago in January--snow, ice and sunshine--to see the Oprah Show. Hotel is located one block off Michigan, steps from the River at the North corner of the loop. Great hotel service with the concierge steering us to good food as well as a walking pattern that was do-able despite the snow and weather. Love the wine happy hour at 5pm. Another happy Kimpton experience! Restaurant next door provides room service. We ate lunch there and had huge portions just ordering an app + an entree each. Had to empty the fridge to store the food (and this hotel does not have that annoying feature that charges you if the bottle is moved). Medium sized room with a good sized bathroom, tricked out in the striped motif that is all Monacos. Didnt hear our neighbor who apparently had a dog (phew) so sound proofing was good.	
May 20 2009 	I will never stay anywhere else in Chicago!	This was such a treat from the moment we stepped out of the cab until the moment we reluctantly left Hotel Monaco. The staff (from the doorman to the front desk to the housekeeping department) was very accommodating and friendly. Some of my favorite things were the wonderful beds and selection of pillows, chocolate chip cookies hot from the oven and 3 and wine at 5. The rooms were a nice size and very quiet. The location is within walking distance to many of my favorite sites in Chicago. I would recommend (and have) this hotel to anyone going to Chicago.	
May 19 2009 	Almost Perfect	We are a family of 4 that recently spent a long weekend in Chicago. The hotel is very well located and all of the staff that we encountered wer helpful and friendly. The room was very clean. We stayed in a suite that was advertised as being able to accomodate 4 comfortably. This is where our only complaint was. The pull out couch, where the kids were to sleep, had a mattress that was very thin and lumpy and cavd in to a V when the two kids tried to sleep on it. We advised the front desk of the problem and they advised that they would check for a bed board, but none was provided. The second night one of the kids ended up sleeping in a chair. Therefore, before booking a suite, you may want to check on the status of the pull out sofas.	
May 13 2009 	my favorite hotel anywhere!	my last stay here was around the holidays in december. in march i stayed at the hotel allegro which is also a kimpton hotel, and it was larger with a much nicer gym, but i still love hotel monaco the best. the location is great--about 2 blks away from the cta station (wabash randolph, i think) and the staff is the most warm and wonderful ive ever met. the rooms are comfortable and cozy, and i love lounging in the window box, overlooking the river and the bridges below. tiny gym is serviceable, turndown is so much fun with different candy every night, and if im lucky, i get a go at the freshly baked cookies in the afternoon on the front desk. just a block away from michigan ave, and a few blocks away from grant park.	
May 11 2009 	A Perfect Stay!	What can I say? Our stay at the Hotel Monaco was perfect! We had a very quiet, clean room on the 6th floor. All of the employees we came in contact with were extremely polite and helpful. We got a great deal from travel.zoo that included free valet parking. We asked to have a goldfish in our room. The kids thought it was great. I would definitely stay here again!	
May 7 2009 	The best kept secret!	My mother and I celebrated my birthday in Chicago with a girls' weekend. This was our first stay with Kimpton Hotels. Little did we know that Hotel Monaco would make note of my birthday and leave me little touches like candy and a bottle of wine for my celebration. Everything was set according to my Kimpton InTouch program preferences, and I couldn't be more pleased. From the eco-friendliness of the hotel, to the L'Occitane toiletries, to the attentiveness of the staff and housekeeping, every little need I had was taken care of. The only wish I had was that they not charge for the use of the business center computer so we could check in with our airlines. Mom and I are very particular, and we were both pleased with the exceptional service, decor, cleanliness and location of Hotel Monaco. It's conveniently located just across the river from the beginning of the Magnificent Mile which we shopped along every day. We had a quiet Deluxe Queen Queen room, and it was very spacious. I will be visiting Kimpton Hotels again for future stays!	
Apr 29 2009 	Very friendly and impeccably clean	My first stay at a Kimpton, and I became a fan and joined the loyalty club. Personalized service but not snobby the way W hotels can sometimes be. Room was spacious and comfortable. Hallways and public areas are well maintained and the bartender was friendly even though it was late.The only reason this isn't 5 star is that the exercise room is the smallest I have *ever* seen. It was in very good condition but more than 2 people is too many. Staying at the new Kimpton in Atlanta next: The Palomar	
Apr 28 2009 	I love this hotel!!!	My husband and live about 3 hours for Chicago and like to take long weekends there. We love this hotel and stay there anytime we can for a decent price. Twice we have stayed in the Jacuzzi Suite rooms, which are amazing I highly recommend it if you can afford it (sometimes they have good sales, that is usually when we go). The only downside, is that we like to walk or take El when we go and is a bit of a hike to the magnificent mile from the hotel, but is certainly doable.	
Apr 15 2009 	Wow - what an amazing hotel!	This place and the staff are amazing! We arrived around noon, even though official check-in was 3:00, and the front desk let us know a room was ready for us right then!! Beautiful river view --- great window seat built for 2 -- and the room was spacious and inviting. We spent the afternoon out and about in Chicago, came back to our room around 5 and found a delightful treat in our room and the wine hour going on in the lobby. Even had turn-down service and chocolates on our arrival back from dinner that night. Best service ever!! Would definitely stay there again - and again - and again!	
Apr 14 2009 	Great mid-loop location fun hotel style and pleasant staff service poor soundproofing...	Entered the hotel with a friendly and smiling welcome. Received a free spring gift - a plush goldfish. Able to get early check-in about 30 minutes before standard 3p check-in.The 9th floor room was away from elevator and had foam pillows (both as requested). The room was spotless and the warm color palette was inviting. I absolutely loved the padded window seats and cozied up there both nights of my stay - with the bolster pillow, the beautiful and soft throw, a book, and my camera.I had wished the room had an in-room coffee maker. Although the hotel provided a free coffee and tea service from 6a-9a, I didn't want to have to get dressed just to get a cup of coffee from the lobby. The walls and door to the room may as well have been made of cardboard, as hallway voices were as clear as if the door was open. And I awoke at 230a the first night and early the second morning to folks in an adjacent room gettin' busy... loudly. Folks can do whatever they wish in their rooms, I just don't want to hear them clearly. Turning on the tv and radio helped to mask their sounds...	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect	We were able to stay at a promtional rate of $81/night, but would have considered it a good value at 4X that price. Location is perfect for tourists (a two minute walk to the river and to Michigan Ave, and very near the public transit loop). We never told any of the staff we were actually on a mini-honeymoon, but we were treated as if they did know that... very professional and friendly, with a few personal touches like treats delivered to our room daily.The room was average size, but extremely clean with very charming decor.	
Apr 5 2009 	Nice and comfortable	I stayed here for 3 nights. The room was very comfortable. Big king bed, enough room to stretch out and do some work. the Bathroom was spacious and the showerhead was mounted at about 7 feet so I didn't have to bend down to rinse my head.The room (5th floor) had no view. Didn't bother me though.Free NY Times and WSJ every day. Staff very attentive.I didn't eat there - too many other delicious choices in Chicago!	
Mar 21 2009 	Great location	Wonderful hotel--very centrally located. Great service, cleanliness; nice decor and nice sized rooms.Would have liked to see free internet service, though. They charged me $5 to use their computer for internet service for 15 minutes.All in all, a great stay.	
Mar 10 2009 	Very nice hotel with great service and location	Stayed at the Monaco on a leisure trip with my husband. Hotel was great - true to Monaco form it was very trendily designed. Very nice rooms and excellent window bed overlooking the river, which was a nice perk. Staff were extremely helpful. And great location - close to shopping and other sites downtown.	
Mar 2 2009 	Comfortable Clean Hotel in a great location	We had a chance to spend 3 nights at the Hotel Monaco and we were extremely pleased. The staff were all incredibly helpful and friendly. The rooms were on the smallish side, but with the high ceilings, we never felt cramped. I loved the window seat and spent some time just staring out the window watching the world go by. I rate hotels by the cleanliness of the grout in the bathroom and our room was clean and bright. I would definitely stay here again!We took the complimentary shuttle to the Horseshoe Casino in Hammond. It was very convenient and we had a great time.	
Feb 22 2009 	Wonderful visit	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for a long rainy weekend. We stayed in a Mediterranean suite which was just perfect. We had a nice seating area with a TV, a very comfortable bed, large window seat and a fantastic bathroom with a huge whirlpool tub for two. Our only complaint would be the small standing shower. The service was great. Eric worked with the concierge for very specific flowers to be delivered to the room, which arrived as requested. The location was convenient for walking to many great Chicago sites and great restaurants. We will stay here again if we find ourselves in Chicago!	
Jan 15 2009 	Nice but no working internet	Stayed recently for the first time after many stays in the Hyatt, Marriott, Hard Rock and Renaissance near the river. I appreciated the satff attention and the very quiet rooms (especially when compared to the high volume Hyatt) but the hotel internet service wasn't working all day which was a significant inconvenience. Will try again though as the alternative choices around Wabash for the same $ are not as appealing	
Jan 7 2009 	Loved this Kimpton	We went back and forth between Hotel Monaco and Sofitel before we decided on Monaco due to our past experiences with Kimpton. We have been members of Kimpton for years now, and so far, we haven't been disappointed. We arrived late due to a flight delay. We called in to inform them, no problem, a room had been held for us. Great. I personally think the Customer Service @ Kimpton exceeds others. Everyone is so corteous, friendly, and generally is happy to help. When we arrived, we were greeted by a very friendly doorman who proceeded to open the cab door, helped with our many many many suitcases (we don't travel light). Maybe because we called in before or maybe because we were the last one to check in, they knew who we were right away, greeted us by our name. Check in was fast and easy, just how we liked it, especially after a looooooong flight. The room was exactly what we requested... Higher floor, corner room, away from the crowd. We were also given a room with the view of the lake, which was a big plus for us. A personal note from the manager welcoming us to the hotel was also a very nice touch. The room size is pretty good, not too big, but not small either. Our favorite part of the room was the windows seats. We both spent plenty of time enjoying the view from our own corners :)Bathroom size is also pretty good, not too big, but not too small either. The hotel itself is decorated nicely without being too pretentious. One thing I find amusing is their love for animal prints. Animal prints bathrobes, animal prints PJs, even the toilet paper was animal prints (the cover, not the actual toilet paper, although that would be cool). I'm usually not a fan of animal prints, but everything was put together so nicely, I thought everything looked nice. Wine hour from 5-6pm daily is a nice touch. Although it's not high quality wine (I'm a wine snob, so please excuse me), it's just nice to be able to wind down at the end of the day after fighting the crazy Chicago wind, relaxing in the lounge with other guests. If you're anti social and prefer to enjoy your wine alone, you can always bring it back to your room. Coffee is also served daily from 6-9AM. We enjoyed this on the first day when we woke up early enough anxious to enjoy Chicago. The next day, we had a coffee maker sent to our room instead so we could enjoy it anytime we wanted. Kimpton is known as a animal friendly hotel, so you do see guests with their pets. We didn't have a pet with us, so we can't comment on how/what the service is for pets. If you'd like, you can also get a goldfish sent to your room. We didn't do this, so again, can't comment on this. Location was perfect. Walking distance to shopping (Hello, Michigan Avenue!), restaurants, public transportation, and Millennium Park. There's one tiny lil' annoyance we experienced, which really wasn't Kimpton's fault. Walls are pretty thin, so you can hear your neighbors when they're being loud. Our first few days were pretty quite, but as New Year's Eve approached, more and more people checked in. We experienced noises of people enjoying themselves a little too loudly (ehem, how would you tell them to quiet down a bit really?), to a bunch of singing, screaming drunk people at 3 AM. Again, it's not Kimpton's fault or job to control how people act in public. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Monaco. We would definetely go back if we ever visit Chicago again.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great location great service!	We stayed here on the second half of our honeymoon over new year's in chicago. We really liked the decor of the place - definetly a distinctive, boutique hotel. The staff was really nice during the whole stay. The location is great for the price we paid - really close to the &quot;loop&quot; stations and a reasonable walk from the magnificent mile, grant park, and the theatre district! They brought us a goldfish after we asked for it, and the maid left us a bag of candy and complimentary water bottles. I liked the free wi-fi and the stereo (which I promptly hooked up my i-pod to), and the beds were really comfortable. Would stay there again any time!	
Dec 20 2008 	Great start to our honeymoon!	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco as we started our honeymoon in downtown Chicago, after reading the positive reviews on Trip Advisor. The hotel definitely lived up to our expectations! We felt welcome right at check-in, and from the beginning the hotel felt like home. The decor in the lobby as well as the room was a classy blend of modern and traditional, and we found the rest of our stay to be a reflection of that. The room was spacious, the bed comfortable, and the food via room service was some of the best that I've had (we had the breakfast in bed package--very good choice!). The wine reception in the lobby was a great touch too and a wonderful way to start an evening on the town in Chicago.The only issue that I had was at check-out, when I found they charged me for the breakfast which should have been included in the room price. My compliments to the front desk though--they worked through it quickly and were able to credit it back to my account.We will definitely be returning!	
Dec 9 2008 	Return visit to the Monaco- Proposal Time!!!	We came to Chicago in March and stayed at the Monaco, and loved it so much that we went back in August. I was planning on proposing this trip, so I splurged a little and booked a Mediterranean Suite on travelzoo for $189/night. What a deal that was! This promotion booked you into a standard Med. Suite, so I emailed the hotel and told them my engagement plans, and they upgraded us to a river view Med. Suite gratis. This was above and beyond but greatly appreciated. I am a Kimpton InTouch member as well, so all my preferences were noted and accomodated. These suites are large with a separate living room with a rather uncomfortable sleeper sofa and bedroom, each with their own flatscreen TV. In the bedroom, we swiveled the TV around and watched the Olympics from the infamous window seats. The bathroom houses a humongous whirlpool tub, but the small standup shower tucked away in the corner seems like it was an afterthought. View the attached photos for a better idea of the room.Being from out of town, I dealt with the concierge quite a bit trying to work out the details of the special occasion, and Ryan truly exceeded expectations with trying to plan this special day. He went to Fox and Obel on his off day to pick up a picnic basket as well as Target to pick up a few items, set me up with a local florist, and even picked up our food the day of the event from Pastoral around the corner. Everything went off without a hitch. Let me sing the praises of a few other staff members. We met Oscar, one of the Bellmen, during our visit in March, and he recognized us this visit, which was fun. Also, a couple of new friendly faces this go 'round were Jared and Mark (red-haired guy -- hope I got the name right!). Jared was interested in our plans and provided friendly conversation as we came and went, and both offered suggestions on where to grab a late night Chicago dog, etc.Now with that being said, we did experience a few inconsistencies during our stay. For example, the first two nights our room was not turned down, and with the exception of the above, the overall mood and vibe from the staff was not as friendly this visit. The front desk staff often did not welcome us back when we returned from a day of adventures like they did in March, and no one ever greeted us by name our entire visit as they had previously done. I do know the hotel was booked solid this trip with a large convention in town, and in addition the hotel was hosting a wedding this weekend as well, so obviously they had a lot going on. The staff just seemed over the top before and seemed to exude cheerfulness, and now I'd say they were just above average with the exception of the above folks. They set the bar so high on our maiden voyage and couldn't sustain that perception with us this time. Lastly, while staying at such a property, one comes to expect a certain level of service. I just didn't feel the attention to detail was there. For example, since the hotel was heavily involved in the engagement, I halfway expected a congratulations note, or them to send up a piece of cake, etc. Overall, I'd give the service from Shannon (the director of rooms) and Ryan prior to arrival an A+++, and the service post arrival a solid B. We will be back...Oh, and she said yes!!!	
Nov 17 2008	Great family-friendly hotel!	My husband stays here for business. He suggested we book The Monaco for a family getaway weekend. This is a TERRIFIC hotel for a family weekend in Chicago. Great location- in the Loop- walking distance to all the great shopping and Millenium Park. Right around the corner from a CTA bus stop. And walking distance from the elevated train (we took the train in from Midway Airport). The staff at The Monaco are SO friendly. Housekeeping was excellent. Our room was quiet- even though the hotel seemed quite full of guests. The room's furnishings were elegant and comfortable. They offer a free pet for the weekend: a goldfish in your room. My 10 year old son LOVED this treat. He also enjoyed the Kimpton Kids gift bag he received at check in. The concierge team was also friendly and full of good information.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great time at the Hotel Monaco	I just returned from a great stay at the Hotel Monaco. I had a river view king room on the 10th floor which had a very nice view. The room was very comfortable and the staff was great. The hotel location was perfect, close to the action but not too noisy.	
Nov 4 2008 	It's Chicago	I can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned. We stayed in room 1112, King with River View. No noise and very comfortable.The price was a bargain at $191 a night. I would stay here again. The &quot;L&quot; from Midway Airport lets you off about two blocks from the Hotel. It's a $2 ride - no need for a $40 taxi ride.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good location	Since we live in the Chicago area, we were looking forward to spending a night in the city. We found the hotel uneventfully, but as we drove up to the hotel, we discovered that the one way street was now two way and there was no signage. There was no one outside to either take the car or tell us which way to go. We drove away and I called the hotel from my cell and was told, &quot;I am with a customer and can't talk to you.&quot; We drove around the block and tried again. This time there was a doorman who took the keys. The front desk check in was efficient, although not friendly. The room was small. The only chair was the one at the desk. The two &quot;window seats&quot; were built into the window wells and so high that I could only reach them by climbing up onto the bed. The closet held clothes that looked like someone had left them there; on closer examination it was apparent they were for sale. The bathroom was nice but ordinary. The bath bombs were $8.00 apiece. Was it worth $259.00 plus $40.00 in taxes and $40.00 for parking? NO.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Monaco the weekend of October 24th and had a generally good experience. The location is terrific, overlooking the river in a nice area close to restaurants and shopping. I stayed in a fifth-floor two-room corner suite with great views. My rooms were very comfortably furnished with oversized couches and chairs, two large flat-screen TVs, and three huge cushioned window seats looking out at the river. I enjoyed the large whirlpool tub with an ample jar of fragrant bath salts on the side. The downsides were a corner shower so tiny that I literally had difficulty turning around, a VERY limited room service menu, and construction noise during the night from the street below.This is a boutique hotel, so there is no bar or real hotel restaurant; if you go through a door at the end of the hall in the lobby you enter the South Water Kitchen, a casual-looking place that I didn't try. The hotel has a complimentary wine hour from five to six in the evening in the lobby, which is nice but rather spartan: the wine was accompanied solely by a dish of olives and a glass filled with breadsticks. There is nothing on the room service menu in the way of snacks or something light to tide you over to a late dinner. One other weak point was that my room did not receive turndown service on either of the nights I stayed there. On the second night I telephoned housekeeping a few minutes after 8:00 p.m. to request turndown service, as I was about to leave for a 9:30 dinner reservation. I was told that the hotel does not provide housekeeping services after 8:00 p.m. This makes no sense to me in what is supposed to be a luxury hotel. After all, not everyone goes to dinner at 6 p.m. in a city like Chicago. Other than this, my stay was quite satisfactory and the staff was pleasant.	
Oct 30 2008 	Short stay perfect fit	I spent one night at the Monaco, and it was too short a stay. The location was perfect for me, close to the theatres. I had a tall room, which was fun (think tall ceilings, extra-tall robe plus regular sized robe). Only problem I had was to adjust the shower head--I needed to climb on the side of the tub to reach it! However, the staff was very accommodating, and I'm sure someone would have helped me had I asked. Loved the lavender chocolate for my pillow, too.	
Oct 30 2008 	Enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Monaco-Chicago	This was a very nice hotel. Maid service excellent. Clean rooms. They have a wine hour at night and coffee hour in the morning which are nice extra touches. The beds were comfortable. The only problem was the outside noise.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great location atmosphere and service	We stayed in the Monaco six nights when we were over for the Chicago Marathon this year. The location close the Chicago River is excellent and very central. With River View rooms you have a proper view including Trump Towers and Marine City on the opposite side of the river. The atmosphere of the room and lounge is very comfortable. The gold fish (on request) and daily wine bar (5 to 6 in the lounge) help to make you feel at ease.The reception and concierge service is great.Very small gym though, but who cares when the park (and the marathon start) are that close.	
Oct 23 2008 	Ni ce hotel good amenities noisy L	Stayed at the Hotel Monaco from 10/9/08-10/13/08 for the Chicago Marathon. Hotel is in a convenient location to get to from airport (Midway). Take Orange Line from airport to State/Lake on Loop and you're a short walk from the Hotel. Hotel is right by the river. Arrived very early (10am) and was able to get room which was nice. Room had OK/poor view as we were on the 5th floor on the Wabash side of the hotel. Room was nice, not too big, not too small. Bathroom was nice size. Could see river from room and that weird 70s building on the other side of the river.Extras from hotel were few. No pool. Wine hours between 5-6pm (which we made only once). Free coffee from 6-9am which we used once. Staff was friendly and completed quickly all requests.Room rate came with $20/night credit so we used at the attached restaurant.Since we were on the Wabash side could here the screeching L from 5am-1am since the hotel is near the L part of the loop where there is a turn. You will notice it if you are on the Wabash side of the hotel. Got used to it however, and it never really interrupted sleep.Close to L, and CTA buses. However, if I visit Chicago again I probably would choose a different location.	
Oct 21 2008 	Very good hotel - with some (minor) flaws...	The Monaco is a very nice and comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. The staff is not as &quot;friendly&quot; as some described, though - we found them rather &quot;professionally friendly&quot;, some even a bit smug (the concierge and one tall front desk guy).We got a good deal and paid only 180$ per night. But if I had to pay 250-300$ (their regular rates) I would find it too expensive. On the other hand chicago is an expensive city, when it comes to hotels...*Important*: if you book the hotel, make sure to book a room to the street (on a high floor). We had a room to the back, where you have no street noise, but a constant &quot;humming&quot; sound from the ventilation system of the parking garage on the back alley -een on 12th floor and with closed windows. This can really get on your nerves, especially at night. First we thought the sound came from the air condition in our room - until we realized that it was turned off...And don't make long distance calls from the room! For a 2 minute call we paid more than 20$ - a shameless rip off. These 2 things cost the Monaco points.Nevertheless I would recommend the Monaco any time - if you can get the &quot;right&quot; room!	
Oct 20 2008 	Monaco worth the money and then some	I traveled to Chicago with my daughter for her 16th birthday, and we booked a riverview queen room. It was great, beautiful, and she was really blown away by the windowseat in the room where you can look out over the river. We were very close to the theater district and also right down the street from the architectural foundation boat trips (definitely don't miss that). The hotel staff was sweet and attentive, bringing us little treats, offering us assistance with finding things around town. On the second day, we were gone during &quot;turndown service&quot;. We were very tired from all the walking, and the room was read for us, robes on the bed, meditative music and ocean video on the TV. Very soothing.	
Oct 15 2008 	Excellent choice	In town to run the marathon. We stayed at Kimpton property (Hotel Serrano) in San Francisco...loved it so decided to stay here for our Chicago sojourn. Great location in the heart of the city. Walking distance to everything. Took the blue line in from O'Hare ($2). We asked for and received high floor (12) and had a comfortable west facing room with a large seating area that overlooked Wabash ave. My granddaughter loved watching the people go about their business on the streets below. Attached restaurant is good but pricey. Good safe in room but I don't believe it'll take a laptop. Only nit...they advertised in room coffee maker but when we called for one they said they had to many requests so we were put on a waiting list for a coffee maker. We never got one. Cmon Kimpton...coffee makers are standard these days. They did make up for it by providing pot of hot water and coffee marathon morning at no charge. Kudos to them for that service ! Good friendly staff....extremely comfy bed. Took everything for me to get up out of that wonderful bed to run the race.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for the Chicago Marathon and found it to be convenient, comfortable, and very accommodating. Our first room was on the 2nd floor and fine, though a little too close to the street noise. So, on the second night, they happily moved us to the 12th floor, which had a great big room with little noise. They also extended our checkout time for an hour free of charge. It is conveniently located to sights and the staff was very friendly. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Amazing Hotel Monaco-Chicago	We recently hosted our daughter's wedding at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. It was a wonderful experience on every level, thanks to the superior service and attention that we received from the hotel staff and Mitchell Ray, the event manager. We cannot say enough about the hotel and Mitchell's amazing service. Every detail was checked carefully and the wedding was an amazing event that was perfectly executed.The small European hotel was a perfect venue for an intimate evening. Our guests have not stopped raving about the perfectly prepared and absolutely delicious meal and wedding cake.About 40 out of town guests stayed at the hotel for the weekend. They were very impressed by the hotel personel and every request was handled with pride and care. A private dining room at The South Water Kitchen was a cozy and convenient site for an informal dinner on the Thursday night as out of town guests began arriving. The Emerald Loop Pub across the street provided a great spot for late night drinks and treats.The hotel's convenient location made touring the city fun and easy for out of town guests. The hotel was a wonderful and intimate experience in the heart of Chicago!	
Oct 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We got a good rate through hotwire. As it was my first time using hotwire I was unsure what sort of room we would get. I needn't have worried as we were given a really nice room. We got to the hotel early and our room wasn't ready. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and locked our suitcases away and said they would phone us when the room was ready. The room was a really good size, very comfortable, really clean and very quiet. The hotel put on a free wine reception in the evenings and after a busy day sight seeing this was very well received.We also liked the downtown location of the hotel. The down side of this (and the only reason for not giving it 5 stars) was the expensive parking at $40 per day.Overall we really liked this hotel and would definately stay there again.	
Oct 7 2008	Awesome	We were thrilled with the Hotel with kudos to the staff. It is the best value and it is close to the Oriental Theatre.	
Oct 5 2008 	Wonderful	We wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner, theater, and my daughter's 21st birthday. This place certainly fit the bill. It was convenient to everything including the SouthShore Railroad station. The staff were all friendly. Their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and Starbucks coffee in the morning. Ryan, the concierge, ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of Hershey Kisses waiting for us when we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed, they came promptly to get it set up when we called later. The window seats were beautiful as well and I enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book.	
Sep 30 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	I choose this hotel for our 7 night stay in Chicago after reading the many great reviews about it on Trip Advisor. The hotel certainly lived up to all of the reviews and my expectations. I had asked for a quiet room on a high floor and this is what we were allocated, I had also requested a goldfish for our stay and there he was waiting for us in our King Room upon check in. The hotel is in a great location within easy walking distance of many attractions and great shopping, there are also numerous restaurants in the area. The staff at the Hotel Monaco could not have been better they are very courteous and attentive and helped out with every request or question asked. I would definately return to the Hotel Monaco if I am fortunate enough to visit Chicago again and would have no hesitation in recommending it to friends or family.	
Sep 30 2008 	Watch out for the loop	Great boutique hotel, I am not sure how many rooms there are, but considerably less than some of those vast hotels in the centre of Chicago. I would stay again but read below so as not to get caught out.The location is fantastic being just a couple of hundred yards from the &quot;magnificent mile&quot; (main shopping street of the city) and a very short walk to the cta underground station.It is my first stay in a Kimpton Hotel and certainly won't be the last if they are all the same quality. What I particularly liked is the free internet (I travel on business a lot), that in itself often adds $30.00 a day to my bill and I also loved the idea of free wine between 5pm and 6pm (anyone who knows me will vouch that wine would add many more $$$ to my bill! The wines offered were quality as opposed to cheap plonk. They also offer free coffee in the morning between 6 and 9 - it would have been nice if they also added a biscuit or two, but can't have everything.My only concern and the reason to only give 4 stars instead of 5, you should be aware that because the hotel is really close to the cta at the &quot;loop&quot;, the noise from the trains is considerable, they are frequent and they start at around 5:30 every morning! Easily overcome I am sure if you ask for a room that gives onto the back of the hotel.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 3 nights and really enjoyed our time.The room and hotel overall was very cute. I loved the striped walls in the bedroom and the big sun like mirror. I enjoyed our pet goldfish too!The staff was very friendly. We were able to get tickets through the concierge for Cubs tickets the night before! The man at the front desk who likes white chocolate(the staff had fun name tags)recommended a good pizza joint for dinner our last night in town.The hotel was in a great location just around the corner from Michigan Avenue.The best thing is the hotel is small not like the big chain hotels.It definitely felt very intimate!	
Sep 23 2008 	Great hotel!!!	Based on Trip Advisor ratings, we chose to stay here on a recent trip to Chicago.Our room was awesome with plenty of space, clean and quiet. The staff was very helpful and eager to please. The location was also very convenient only two blocks from the Red Line station for our ride to and from Wrigley Field.We highly recommend the Hotel Monaco and would not hesitate staying there again the next time we're in Chicago.	
Sep 21 2008 	A very nice boutique hotel with great service	I have stayed at several Kimpton Hotels and they do not disappoint. The hotel itself was very cutely decorated and in a good location walking distance to many sites. The staff was very attentive - always greeted me and asked if there was anything I needed. A couple of downsides - parking is expensive even for a downtown hotel in major city ($40/night), rooms in the back look directly into the parking structure, and retrieving your car from the valet takes a while (plan 20 minutes).All in all a nice hotel in a good location.	
Sep 20 2008 	Unbelievable! Highly recommended!!	I have to say that this is THE place to stay by far in Chicago! From the staff to the room to the valet to everything!! The beds were VERY comfortable, I wanted to sleep all day in that bed!The goldfish they brought up was a very nice touch and was super cute. You have to ask them ahead of time that you would like one. I brought my cat to the hotel, and they had rooms with LARGE pillows, right by both windows in my room for my cat (or your dog) to sit and look outside. My cat, who is usually terrified of staying in hotels, felt so comfortable and fell in love with the hotel too! She actually felt like it was home instead of hiding out all day and night! The turndown service was fabulous. We requested to have them clean while we were there (in the case my cat got scared) and they came fairly quickly. She did a great job though of cleaning up. Bed sheets were clean and bright white, they even had animal print robes for you to wear! The shower amenities I absolutely LOVED! The concierge was great! Gave us some fun things to do and maps so we wouldn't get lost.LOCATION: I MUST say that this is a GREAT location. I read some reviews before booking about how you have to cross the bridge to get to magnificent mile, but honestly, it's like a 5 minute walk and you are right at the beginning of the street! I would never stay closer than where this hotel is located. It's not too busy where you hear fire trucks and loud noises on the street from teenagers coming home from going out, yet it's COMPLETELY safe. Lots of people walking during the day, and even night (as we did some walking at night from a long day of shopping!)Oh, and if you haven't done this already, while you are in Chicago, you MUST go to Bobby's Bike Hike! Amazing time, cheap and such a GREAT tour of the city! You can rent the bikes on your own, but the tour is so worth it, and our tour guide was just so funny and entertaining! If you're there in the summer months though, i'd recommend doing a morning bike ride so your beat the heat!All i can say about this hotel is you MUST try it. It's not the cheapest, but it's well worth your money. You can't go wrong with this hotel. PURE luxury.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great Hotel..Great Location....A real Gem!	We absolutly loved this hotel. We arrived early in the morning and the concierge brought our luggage to our room that was already available even though was before check in time. Room was lovely, 2 large double beds and big bay window with window seats for you to relax while looking out over the river. We even got our goldfish delievered which was an added treat! Right outside and across a small bridge and your on the magnificant mile....with the bus tour of chicago starting right there, so everything is within walking distance! Overall a lovely hotel and a lovely city! would definetly recomment to a friend and if im back in chiacgo will defo go to this hotel again!	
Aug 30 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	The hotel Monaco is a great hotel, located in the heat of the Chicago by the River and in the Loop, it is within easy distance of all the major attractions in Chicago: the Sears Tower, The Hancock Tower, Water Tower Place, the Lake Front, Navy Pier, Millenium Park, and also the theatres (went to see Jersey Boys at the Bank of America Theatre would recommend if you can get tickets). We stayed for three nights at the end of a 10 day Holiday before flying back the the UK from O'hare. We had been sent the option 4 weeks before of being put on a waiting list for an upgrade and thankfully it was available. We upgraded upon arrival to a Mediterranean Suite which was a large room split in two with a large bedroom containg a queen size bed and a small lounge area with a roll out bed. The room had numerous special features like a jacuzzi in the bathroom as well as a shower which was well used during the stay. A window seat favoured by everyone. Hours spent staring down to the river and the streets below. We were lucky enough to be given a room with a view of the river and onto Washbee Street oppisote. There is no shortage of eating options at the hotel or in the surrounding area. We ate at the hotels restaurant &quot;South Water Kitchen&quot; one night the food is good quality prepared infront of you at a large open kitchen which was a nice touch. Within the area around the hotel is a seven eleven (across the street), a corner bakery where we had breakfast most mornings, countless Starbucks a Subway and numerous restaurants, we werent short of options. The hotel offers Starbucks coffee and tea in the morning to help yourself between 6am and 9am cookies at 3pm and a wine tasting in the evening before you go out for an evening meal 5pm-7pm. The Hotel Monaco is a fantastic Hotel and Cannot be Faulted on anything. On a next visit to the Windy City we will be staying at the Hotel Monaco.And yes we did have a Goldfish! We requested ours before we went emailing the hotel who added it to the reservation. He was waiting for us in our room when we arrived.	
Aug 18 2008 	Loved the Monaco	The Hotel Monaco is a gem. The hotel is a boutique hotel located in the River North section of Chicago. The rooms are very spacious and the hotel accomodating. The concierge, Ryan, was extremely helpful in recommending activities, entertainment and restaurants. By just asking us a few questions, he was able to choose the perfect restaurant or spot to visit. The hotel is very near to many local attractions, such as Millenium Park, The River Walk, Magnificent Mile, The John Hancock Center, The El, etc......We were able to walk everywhere! Each evening, in the hotel lobby, a wine and cheese social took place, with a different wine each day. It was a lot of fun and the staff is extremely friendly. Although we only ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant, it was very good. What was great about them is that they accomodated my special requests, with items that did not appear on the menu. Chicago in July is a joy and the Hotel Monaco is a must when I return to the windy city!:)	
Aug 17 2008 	Loved the Monaco	We recently stayed 2 nights at the Hotel Monaco and it was the most friendly hotel we've ever stayed at. All staff members greeted us with hello upon passing through the lobby any time of day. We had a double queen room with huge window seats, mini bar, large bath, large flat screen tv, and free wifi. We are Kimpton In Touch members so were familiar with the chain, but this was the best of about 4 Kimptoms that we had stayed at. They also matched an internet rate for us.The room was spotless, and service prompt. The location in the north loop was excellent - convenient to the El and short walk to shopping on Michigan Ave., Millenium Park, etc. We will definitely stay here again the next time in Chicago.	
Aug 17 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	First time visit to this hotel property! It was a great experience and fabulous view overlooking the Chicago river! Near enough to walk to Nordstroms and other great stores on the magnificent mile. Staff was very friendly! Room was spotless and the beds were comfortable. Breakfast in the hotel dining room was good!I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Also close enough to some great restaurants!	
Aug 17 2008 	Monaco is tops!	We (my wife, myself and our teenage son) stayed at The Hotel Monaco for four nights in mid-August. This was our third Kimpton Hotel experience, and although they have all been great and offer that Kimpton charm, the Monaco was exceptional. First, the location--on the river on Wabash near Wacker and a block from Michigan Ave and the &quot;L&quot; and two blocks from the subway--could not have been better. Second, the facilities were outstanding--charming decor both in the lobby area and the room, modern flatscreen TV, wi-fi throughout the hotel and in the room, expansive bathroom, charming window seats and excellent beds. The river view rooms also afforded an excellent view of Wacker Avenue, the Chicago River, and the dazzling new Trump Hotel. The Monaco's staff was among the best I have experienced anywhere. Everyone was friendly and helpful, particularly Ryan and Rich (the concierges), the desk staff and the cleaning staff. Speaking of the latter, we never saw a cleaning cart or maids in the hall; they cleverly stay out of sight and seem to duck in and out of rooms without ever being spotted. And the maids left notes and special treats for us on a daily basis. The hotel's reataurant--while a bit expensive--was also excellent. The decor is classic Chicago, and the breakfasts and dinner--both food and service-- were top notch. And we loved having the goldfish with us during our stay! A final note: as a Kimpton-in-Touch member, I felt we received even better service. This included a strong effort to accommodate us in the best room available, along with a welcome letter and small welcome gifts awaiting us in the room. All in all, this was a fantastic hotel experience. I could not recommend a hotel more strongly that The Hotel Monaco.	
Aug 12 2008 	A hotel called Monaco	We loved Hotel Monaco... from its funky interior design to the added bonus of having your own pet fish during our stay... Hotel Monaco was a fantastic choice.With an excellent location, friendly and attentive staff we really enjoyed our time in Chicago. Parking is a little steep at $40.00 per night - but so is parking in any major city.Ooh and nice soaps and lotions in the bathroom but the bath bombs are for sale $7.00 each	
Aug 10 2008	Wonderful serice and character	This hotel is top quality. My room was very well appointed with an extremely comfortable bed, big flat screen LCD tv, marble countertops in the bathroom, plenty of storage, a nice desk, and comforable corner chair and ottoman. I also loved the window seat!The professional staff provided excellent service and were helpful at every turn. The location was the best. So many amazing parks, restaurants and shopping within easy walking distance. I would definitely stay here again, in fact, I fear I'd be disappointed staying anywhere else in Chicago. Highly recommended.	
Aug 8 2008 	Friendly and warm	My company had a business conference at the Monaco. I regret only having the ability to stay one night!All staff, from the doormen to the concierge, were friendly and professional. Stayed in Room 907, a king , which was spacious and beautifully appointed. Linens and towels were fresh and plentiful. There are no refirgerators in the rooms.This room faced the street, and there was some traffic noise, and the sound of the &quot;El Train&quot; which was 1 block away.A goldfish bowl was delivered, and I promptly named my fish &quot;Wilson&quot;; he was great company! I hated to say goodbye to him!The meeting accomodations were in the Tokyo Boardroom, a small yet elegant room which was perfect for 8 people. We had some minor issues with the wireless connection provided but the staff was prompt and attentive in resolving this. Breakfast beverages and pastries were plentiful.So many attractions close by: too numerous to list. Marshall Field's/Macy's, and other major retailers,the jewelry district, etc and lots of restaurants.Pricey, but a nice place to experience.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great location in the heart of Chicago	What a great property and stay: - the location is great for tourists: 1 block from the north branch of the river and it's riverwalk; 1 block from the 'L and a half block farther to the subway, but not on a transit route itself (quieter); 5 minute walk to Millennium Park (and the least expensive long-term parking in the area); three blocks from the major live theatres; close to everything or to how to get to everything. - without fail, we were greeted at the door and front desk coming and going. - clean, comfortable, functional throughout; our room was spacious and the bath and shower were excellent. Although we didn't confirm that we'd been given it, we'd requested the &quot;Tall&quot; room that some Kimpton properties offer: since we ended up on the Business floor (but well separated from the meeting rooms) which often have higher ceilings, the shower head was 6 inches over my 6'2&quot; scalp, and the complimentary robe *actually* fit me (they almost never do) I'd guess that that's where they put us - loved it. - very nice restaurant/bar on the premises with free continental breakfast (coffee/tea/juice!, toast and large fresh fruit plate for each person)  - free Starbucks coffee (6-9am) and wine (5-6pm) in the lobby daily - they are pet-friendly (and have a photo album of their previous 4-legged guests) - all the city's attractions were within walking distance - either directly or via the extensive and efficient transit system; get a CTA visitor pass for unlimited L/subway/bus usage, it's not worth driving to most places.In contrast to previous reviews, the only noises we heard were the occasional siren (we were downtown so this is to be expected) and the occasional faint screech from the 'L cars on the turn at the end of the block - the A/C was like central air at home, but quieter.We'd recommend this property to anyone - especially tourists - who are traveling to or thru Chicago.	
Aug 1 2008 	Not the 2nd best hotel in chicago!	While this is a decent hotel, it was not in our experience one of the best Chicago has to offer.We arrived at 2:00 on a Friday, with check in being at 3:00. No rooms were available, and were told to come back at 3:00. Came back at 3:00, still no rooms? My husband was in his work clothes, after a meeting. It was a hot day, and he just wanted to shower and change. We were told they would call us in a few minutes with a room. By 4:00 still no call, so we called.Amazingly a room became available, but probably the worst in the hotel.Right next to the fitness center, and across from the elevator.Obviously we ticked someone off by actually expecting check in at check in time. Usually this is never a problem with us, just one of those days my husband really needed a room. The room had no view, was rather small with a small bathroom.Nothing spectacular.We did call to complain, forget it, no rooms until tomorrow.We were only staying two nights, and really did not feel like packing everything up after staying one night.Who knows when we would have gotten the room anyway, After we had already gone to sleep?Perhaps we were treated this way, because we got a great rate through a travelzoo promotion. I don't know. But we are Klimpton in touch members.We stayed at the Nine Zero Klimpton hotel in Boston with a travelzoo rate and were treated wonderfully, by the way. The Monaco could learn something from this sister hotel.We did enjoy the hotel restaurant, South Water Kitchen. Service was good and food, tasty and fairly priced we thought.There is also construction right in front of the entrance to the hotel/restaurant, which is a bit of a hassle.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nice small boutique hotel: Stayed in their suite!	Our family (two daughters 13 and 10) just returned from a stay at the Hotel Monaco for one night (also stayed at the Park Hyatt~ wrote a review for that hotel as well). The Hotel Monaco does a nice job making you feel welcome but it is no Park Hyatt as far as the greeting goes. What I mean is that the PH has at least 6 people meeting you between the car and the front desk. At the HM there is a person to help you with your luggage (dressed a bit casual, I thought) and the person at the front desk. The front desk was very pleaant and informed us that our room was not ready but would call when it was, which she did.We had the hotel hold our luggage while we went to see Wicked (loved it!). When we returned our room was ready and we were given a key. Unlike the Park Hyatt, we were not taken with our luggage up to the room. Instead we were pointed to the elevator and the luggage came up a few minutes later. We splurged and stayed in the Karen Newburger (sp?) suite. Since I was not able to find any info on this suite, I will try to elaborate as much as possible.The door is special with curtains pulled back along the side and the door itself is padded. Nice touch! You feel special just arriving! Inside the door is a small hallway with a closet containing the robes (safari prints), even ones for the children, Karen N. pjs and socks that you can buy, ironing board and iron, blankets, etc. The blanket was extremely soft~ My dd13 loved to wrap it around herself while lounging in the window seat! Next is the dining/living room. There is a small round table with two chairs, a couch that makes into a queen size bed (not too comfy according to dds), a cupboard with games and misc. in it with a fountain hanging above it. They make a big deal of this fountain on the website but it's just ok. This room also has a LG flat screen tv on the wall and a big window seat with lots of pillows. Each window seat (I think there are four total) has a very comfortable cushion to sit on...So comfortable I could easily sleep on it! The window seats are very deep with a ton of pillows. Our family loved to people watch from these, especially the construction of the Trump Tower just across the street. We also enjoyed watching the boats on the river.The next room contains the king size bed which was very comfy with a pillowtop on the mattress. There is a bench at the foot of the bed, a tv in an armoir which also holds the honor bar, a large, very tall chair with a small table next to it where we put our 2 goldfish, and 3 more window seats. Lastly is the bathroom with a very large deep tub with a built in sitting area like in a juccuzi. It has jet sprays too. The sink is adequate with a rolling cart underneath with a blowdryer, wash clothes, and fizzing bath balls (I tried one and it was just ok, I think it cost $6). The shower stall is very small with no room for the shampoo, conditioner, and soap. The shower is stuffed into the corner like they used up too much room for the tub and the shower was an afterthought. The toilet is in the same room as the shower and tub. There was only one garbage can in the whole suite, the one in the bathroom. The towels are very soft!We had room service which was timely and very courteous. The bellstaff was friendly, helping with restaurant suggestions. On our departure, the bellhop was also efficient and friendly. We didn't partake in the evening wine festivities so can't discuss that. Overall, my family enjoyed the hotel and would recommend it. Especially if you are planning on doing activities close by. We were able to walk to the following places: Millenium Park, Art Museum, Oriental Theater, Chicago Architectural Boat Tour (go early if you plan on doing the 10:00 ride). If/When we return, we will probably try the Rock Star suite as it seems like it would be more fun. The Karen N. suite is great for a romantic visit.	
Jul 21 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed here for just one night after an evening on the town. Room was quite large with a King bed, small desk, nice side chair and table. Visually pleasing design. Large flat screen TV was new. Bedding I found to be pretty average, and a little skimpy on the pillows. Bathroom was again very nicely sized. Tub and shower were pretty average. Nice towels and complimentary toiletries.Complimentary wine service in the evening was a nice touch.Did not use the gym, but it was pretty small. Looked like about 6 total machines (treads, elliptical, bike). Equipment looked pretty new but it's a tight space.Great service from the valet. Parking was $40/night w/ in-out privilege.Front desk staff was good. First rep gave me a room on 2 next to the gym. I was concerned about noise, and they were able to move us to another room far from elevators, etc. No drama, very professional.I would stay here again w/o hesitation; however, I find I have a preference for a more classic presentation vs. the 'hipness' of this boutique hotel. Ask yourself: do you prefer a white bathrobe, or leopard print bathrobe? Hotel Monaco is all about the animal prints.	
Jul 20 2008 	Excellent hotel with great location	Hotel Monaco is in a really great location, only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did).The daily, complimentary, wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out.If you can, leave your car behind, you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey, which is not very surprising considering the location.Everything was clean, fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around &quot;the loop&quot; was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Weekend	We had a great weekend at the Hotel Monaco, a mother-daughter getaway. We arrived Saturday morning by train and were able to check into our room at 10:00. We requested a coffee maker and goldfish at check-in. The coffee maker arrived within minutes, and the goldfish arrived in the afternoon. The window seat was absolutely fantastic. From the 7th floor we were able to watch the city below, including the river. If at all possible, get a window seat! Theaters and shopping are all convenient - easy and enjoyable walks. The staff always welcomed us and seemed to enjoy their jobs. The room was well-appointed and comfortable. The el (elevated train) turns a corner near the hotel, and is loudly squeaky outside, but it didn't bother us in our room. Great hotel, great weekend! We'll definitely be looking at Kimpton hotels in other cities in the future.	
Jul 15 2008	What Fun!	This is a great hotel! From the doorman who greeted us as we arrived, to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine, everyone was very friendly and helpful. We were &quot;strangers but for a minute!&quot; The room was extremely clean, well appointed and we had a pretty view of the Chicago River, especially enjoyed from the large window seats. Loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll!Hallways were large and quiet. The restaurant next door, South Water Kitchen is very nice too. The location is in walking distance of the theatres, parks, the river (take a cruise), Michigan Ave. It's ideal. The only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful. For a self-sufficient traveler, you wouldn't really need their services (although it is nice) but for someone coming to Chicago for the first time, a concierge can be very helpful.I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.	
Jul 14 2008 	Fabulous Stay - it's all in the details!	My sister and I booked a suite at the Monaco using travelzoo.com for a 4 day sisters weekend. We previously stayed at the Serrano in San Fran, and wanted to try another Kimpton Hotel since we loved the service. We were not disappointed. We registered as Kimpton points members, and received fantastic treatment! Early check in, welcome notes from the hotel management and staff, and smiles everywhere. We especially loved the hotel's complementary wine reception. It gave us a chance to unwind and share stories about our day with the other guests. I highly recommend spending $20 to have the fortune teller entertain you - her analysis on my handwriting was errially accurate!We booked the Mediterranian suite for $189/nt on travelzoo.com. The room was spacious, with a jacuzzi, twin flat screens, and LARGE window seats. The turndown service and chocolates were welcoming after the long day!The location of the hotel was very good. We stayed here to explore the city and found the location to be close to everything. In terms of food, there was a 7-11 across the street, and lots of local chains near by (Quiznos, Starbucks, Corner Bakery) as well as the upscale (Morton's, Smith and Wolensky's). We loved the authentic Chicago deep dish pizza from Giordano's, which delivers to the hotel! All and all we were most impressed by the standard of care provided by the Monaco. The housekeeper even left us a note with bottles of upscale water since she noticed we loved our bottled water. Because of their attention to detail and how welcomed they made us feel, we will definitely stay here or at another Kimpton hotel again!	
Jul 14 2008 	Terrific service!	The personal service at this hotel was simply perfect. We had a noise issue with neighbors the first night and the staff moved us the next day while we were at a meeting. The staff recognized us by name and made efforts to meet our every need! The concierge got us tickets to Jersey Boys (sold out for months). In short, everyone went the extra mile. Rooms were clean, attractive, and well-appointed. We will be back again!	
Jul 5 2008 	Loved Chicago the hotel and our view!	A great stay at Hotel Monaco. We loved Chicago – it far exceeded our expectations and to think we were only there as that is where the trains go! The hotel Reception was warm, welcoming and quick. The lounge area by Reception, complete with fireplace, was comfortable although compact. We enjoyed the evening wine reception – found the wine and nibbles tasty and generous.Our room was a reasonable size and we are glad we paid the extra for the window seat and view (see photo). Wifi was free, the bed very comfortable, good closet size, a strong shower, plenty of vanity bench space in the bathroom, bath robes interesting, bright décor in the room was a nice change and of course there was the window seat and view. We enjoyed the interesting view of the street and river from our comfortable window seat. The window seat was rather high and the shorter of us (me at 5” 3”) had to use the ottoman to climb up. The magnifying mirror in the bathroom was excellent.We had meal at Southwater Kitchen – found it rather expensive although very convenient, food okay, surroundings attractive. The hotel location was excellent for first time visitors to Chicago (like us). We walked most places although taxis are plentiful and cheap. There is a 7/11 immediately across the road from the hotel. The architectural boat cruises leave nearby (highly recommend cruise but do book ahead to ensure your seat).No negatives really although a poor hair dryer in the bathroom with only one heat and fan setting. Found the $ notices on items a bit much, $ for nightwear in closet, $ for bath bombs (salts) etc. On our return to Chicago several weeks later we stayed up by Water Tower Place (not because we did not enjoy the Monaco but because we wanted to experience another area). Check out at Hotel Monaco was quick and easy.	
Jul 2 2008 	Sitting Pretty with a View	Our family of four just returned from a 5 night stay at Hotel Monaco. This was our first visit to Chicago and as always, we used TripAdvisor to plan our vacation (thanks!!). We were not disappointed with the outcome! We took in all that Chicago AND Hotel Monaco had to offer. Hotel Monaco is conveniently located on the edge of the Loop and the Magnificent Mile -- it's a wonderful place to stay for those seeking luxury without snobbery. As a side note, we're from the suburbs of DC (Northern Virginia) and are accustomed to having private transportation. However, based on our research, we decided to &quot;rough it&quot; and not rent a car while in Chicago. We're so glad we didn't rent a car. The El is less than a block away from the hotel and bus stops are EVERYWHERE. On with the review of Hotel Monaco...the entire staff was friendly and extremely accommodating. Service is always important....we received extremely pleasant service from the doormen and front desk. It was especially kind of the hotel to allow our early check in AND late check out. Sometimes those traveling with children may feel as if they're treated inferior to other guests...but we were always treated with kindness and respect at Hotel Monaco. The room itself was spacious, whimsical and clean. We had a fabulous view of the Chicago River and Trump Tower.The major highlights included:*Great hotel rate!*THE WINDOW SEAT!! My husband is definitely a manly-man and I never expected him to be overwhelmed by a window seat...but this was his favorite hangout spot*welcome notes and present from management (don't want to give away the surprise)*stuffed fish, activity backpacks and ice cream gift certificate for our 2 children*comfortable beds with pillow options (we chose down pillows)*actual pet-away-from-home (goldfish)*L'occitane products*turn-down service with chocolates*complimentary wine reception each evening at 5*complimentary fresh baked cookies at 3*familiar/friendly faces among the staff*complimentary Starbucks each morning until 9 (I think Hotel Monaco should consider offering coffee all day every day)*close proximity to everythingExtremely Minor Complaints:1. The concierge gave us wrong directions for the bus (circled the route on our map), but that wasn't too big of a deal as we would've gotten lost on our own anyway. From what we could tell the concierge was well respected by the other guests.2. Housekeeping was adequate but we had to request extra towels our first 2 nights as there were 4 members of our party (they only provided 3 towel sets). Whereas housekeeping was prompt to respond to our request (to leave extra towels, more soap, clean our tub, etc), we would've preferred a more proactive approach. Hotel Monaco is a keeper.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great small hotel	A group of girlfriends flew into Chicago to celebrate our 40th birthdays and we stayed at the Hotel Monaco. The location was perfect! The room was a great size with 2 large window seats overlooking the river. The beds were comfortable and even though we were right across from the elevator, we did not hear noise from the hallway. Service was prompt and friendly - a call to housekeeping to bring some extra towels to the room resulted in someone at the door in 2 minutes. The free cofee in the lobby and the wine at night was a really nice touch. It was fun to come back to the hotel at the end of the day to get ready for dinner and have a drink in the lobby before heading up to the room.There is construction going on outside the hotel so there is a lot of scafolding &amp; blocked sidewalks, but noise was never an issue.Ask for a goldfish, it definitely adds a bit of whimsy to your stay!	
Jun 23 2008 	Just wonderful!	The Hotel Monaco was wonderful. We had a Mediterranean Suite, which featured an enormous living room with pull out couch, desk, chair and flat screen TV and an enormous bedroom with king bed, chair, sitting area and another flat screen television. The bathroom was spacious with a very deep 2-person whirlpool tub and free-standing shower (the shower could be a touch bigger, though, it's tough to shave in there!). My favorite part about the room was the window seats - these were at least 3' deep with lovely cushions and was a great place to perch and watch the river or read a book. Complimentary wireless internet was great. Housekeeping was really friendly - as was all of the hotel's staff.We got the suite at 50% off because of a Travelzoo sale, and I can't believe our luck. We were so spoiled - it really raised the bar for our hotel standards!It was convenient to the El train (which you can hear a bit, but it doesn't bother you) - just a block away. The river is also right there, and a handful of blocks from Millenium Park - just a great location.	
Jun 18 2008 	Still above the crowd...	We've been fans of Kimpton properties for years - especially the Hotel Monaco - and have enjoyed their hotels throughout the country. The Chicago Monaco is no exception.Like most Hotel Monacos, the location is close to the action. In Chicago, you're only a few blocks from the Orange Line (Midway connection) and a block from Michigan Avenue shopping and dining. Although there is currently a great deal of construction on Wabash, the noise was never a problem.Although some Monacos feature tight quarters, our Queen-Queen room was plenty big. Traveling with two teenagers was not a problem in our spacious room. In addition, our room overlooked the river and featured two very deep and expansive window seats. Overall, the room was comfortable but not as spotless and well appointed as other Kimpton properties. The carpet was stained and the furnishings were showing their wear. This theme carried into the lobby where the furniture and decor is looking a little tired and worn out. Kimpton has also gradually evolved more into the retail market - their rooms feature more and more items that can be purchased (robes, bath salts, and even undergarments!).One of the main reasons we prefer Hotel Monacos is the service. In Chicago, we were always greeted with friendly smiles from everyone wearing the Hotel Monaco badge. Check-in was a breeze and we were even allowed to obtain our room around 11am. While the front desk staff was always cheerful, we did encounter a few minor glitches - sporadic delivery of the daily newspaper, a two day wait before our goldfish arrived, and requests for more glasses and towels were repeatedly ignored by the housekeeping staff. In the end, these were minor frustrations that didn't dampen our great time in Chicago.	
Jun 17 2008 	Fun Night in a Fun Hotel	A group of girls and I were celebrating a friend's bachelorette party and stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one evening. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. I thought it was neat, each person who works in the hotel puts their favorite food underneath their name on their nametag! Funny! I was wondering why the man who checked me in had Mac N Cheese under his name! We had 4 girls in a room and we all slept very comfortably. The beds were great! I thought it was decorated very nicely and very clean. We had cocktails in the bar while we were waiting to go out and we found the bartender also very friendly. The food from the restaurant smelled wonderful! The location is great, although we are all from Chicago so we weren't really going to the sites. They have a fish in a fishbowl in all of the rooms, which is interesting. So glad that the fish survived with us rowdy girls coming back at 2 a.m.!	
Jun 2 2008 	Great staff; excellent location; highly recommended!	We booked through the Kimpton website and got what we felt was a very good rate: $159 for a room with a view of the river. Parking is $40 per day. Since we were only there for one night, we did not investigate whether there might be less expensive alternatives. Due to construction in front of the entrance (about which we were unfortunately not warned when we called to ask about parking), we were unable to find the valet. We looped around the buliding and pulled into a garage which turned out to be the correct one for the hotel. A bit stressful to deal with during rush hour traffic, but that was a minor flaw in an otherwise wonderful stay.We walked up to the hotel and were greeted by a very pleasant doorman and front desk staff. The smiling desk clerk noted our Kimpton In Touch preferences (high floor, good view, down pillows) and assured us they had been met. (They were.) Went up to our room (didn't bother with the bellman) on the 12th floor and were treated to an excellent view of Marina City and the Mies van der Rohe IBM building. The room was very quiet (both day and night) in spite of the hotel being in the thick of things (one block from Michigan Avenue and a short walk to Millennium Park). The room was not large (not surprising for the price and location) but was of more than ample size for the two of us. As others have commented, the gigantic window with the cushioned window seat was spectacular and made the room seem bigger than it was. One caveat, however: The window seat is very high; you have to climb onto it. While not a problem for us, I imagine this is something many people would not be able to do. (Of course, you can still enjoy the view, even if you can't reach the seat.) The very picky may have been bothered by the frayed curtains (presumably caused by pulling on them to open and close them instead of using the attached pull stick) but the were not very noticable and the rest of the room was well-decorated and did not appear worn out. A few minutes later, there was a knock on our door, and a bottle of water and cookies were delivered, along with a welcome note and a coupon for 15% off breakfast in the adjacent restaurant. (Again, this is part of the Kimpton In Touch program. You merely have to sign up and book through their website. You do not need a minimum number of stays.)We did not want to wait around for the complimentary wine reception from 5 to 6 so I cannot comment on that. When we got back from a few hours of walking around, our bed had been turned down with chocolates on the pillow, the ice bucket was filled and placed on the nightstand, and the TV was playing relaxing music. Unnecessary, of course, but fun.The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was small, but nice-looking and very clean. The fitness room was very small but high-quality with two Precor elliptical machines, two treadmills, a bike, an exercise mat, free weights, bottled water, and towels.Dinner at the hotel restaurant, South Water Kitchen, was very good, albeit not spectacular, and the service was excellent. Room service breakfast was expensive (as it is everywhere), was not great but quite good, and was delivered promptly at the requested time. Check out was easy. We had to wait approximately10 minutes for our car, which didn't seem too bad considering it was 9 am on a Friday morning.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
May 31 2008	Great location	Hotel is located in perfect location, 2min work to train station, less than 5min work to the river for boat tour. The room we stayed in was simple but very clean with nice decoration and had a huge tv &amp; comfortable bed. Why you pay more for hotels close by when you can get everything you need at hotel monaco and it's cheaper!! the restaurant down stairs had excellent food, too.We travel all over the world, and we're picky. We enjoyed our stay.	
May 24 2008 	Hotel Monaco in Chicago: What a find!	I stay at Kimpton Hotels when I can because they continually deliver a great experience for business and personal travel. The Monaco in downtown Chicago (on Wabash) continues to live up to my expectations for a Kimpton.The hotel is centrally located for business trips or site seeing.The front desk staff is helpful and can provide direction on how to get to point B. They are also responsive to requests to make the stay more enjoyable.There is also free wireless access here...which is nice when one is traveling on the personal budget...I HATE paying $20 to access the web from a hotel...which is not the case here!Check out my blog for further detail about the hotel and site seeing recommendations...http://travelswithsunnyd.blogspot.com/2007/09/erics-trip-to-chicago.htmlThe Monaco Rocks!!!	
May 22 2008 	Fantastic quick thinking---what service!	We booked ourselves an anniversary weekend at the Kimpton Hotel Burnham, but for some reason the room wasn't ready at 11pm when we arrived, so they quickly sent us to their sister hotel, the Monaco, for the night into a &quot;sweet suite&quot;, cab fare included and they picked up the tab for the night. Fantastic service, friendly and accommodating. We loved the room, the view and the beautiful, funky furnishings. It was a pleasure...then back to the Hotel Burnham in the morning for another excellent stay in a beautiful room with wonderful service from bed turn-down to chocolates, soft music on the radio and bathrobes on the bed awaiting us after a long evening out sightseeing. The clean, appointed rooms were a nice plus for these weary travelers who usually stay in middle of the road places. Highly recommend the Kimpton chain...both the Burnham and Monaco.	
May 20 2008 	Our romantic get away	This is the fanciest hotel I've ever stayed at. After spending 6 months overseas, my then fiance met me in Chicago, and we had Christmas here. The room, bed, picture window with inset seat, bathroom were huge. All decor was new and lovely. Wide range of electronics and bathrobes and all the comforts of home. The valet parking wasn't great, as the dude was unhappy when he brought the wrong car and punched out a vent in our car, but the front desk reimbursed our mighty pricey parking fees for the stay. We were in heaven and the hotel was great. It was clean as well...I'm a bit OCD when it comes to cleanliness.	
May 14 2008 	A+	A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best.	
May 12 2008 	So Accomodating!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco while we were visiting friends/celebrating our anniversary. They couldn't have been more accomodating. Since we were celebrating, they moved us to a room by the river for free. They also set the mood by putting sparkling grape juice on ice with champane glasses in our room, music was playing, and chocolates were on our pillows. It was such a nice gesture...The hotel staff was always saying &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; to us, it made for a very special weekend. The hotel was clean and beautiful. The beds were comfy, the view was awesome-especially sitting on the window seat at night! It was quite a sight to overlook the city! The hotel restaurant was really good...I hear they have great mac and cheese, but we went for brunch. We forgot our toothbrush and toothpaste-it wasn't 5 mins before someone was at our door with a substitue. Awesome service, awesome service, awesome service. We have stayed at Ritz Carleton's in the past and Hotel Monaco's service is very comparable. Enjoy!	
May 5 2008 	Loved It ....great for kids too	My family just returned from a wonderful stay at the Hotel Monaco. We had our two kids (17 months and 5 yrs) with us as well at a set of grandparents. We had a wonderful experience. Our adjoinning rooms were very spacious and clean. It is so important to have nice, clean rooms when traveling with kids and the rooms lived up to my expectations. The rooms were very large and the BEST part was the fact that they had huge window seats (my 6 ft plus husband could lay comfortably on them) looking down at the L and the Chicago River. My children took all their toys up there and were facinated by the comings and goings of the city. They could have spent hours up there. In fact, my 5 year old made a bed up and slept there. The grandparent's King room had one huge window w/seat and our room (2 queens) had two windows. Very light and bright. My children were also greeted with a Kimpton Kids goodie bag and goldfish in the room. Big hit!The hotel staff were great as well...very friendly and helpful with suggestions, cabs etc. The location was very convienient to downtown. The front door is actually off a less busy street.Although the room service and South Water Kitchen menus were not very kid friendly, the staff prepared special dishes for my children upon request. For example, they made up chicken tenders (not on the room service menu) for a late afternoon snack. They also created a custom made breakfast for them at the South Water Grill.I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 27 2008 	Not bad; not great either.	Stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 3 nights. Here's my pros and cons:PROS:Pretty convenient location; very clean rooms, eclectic decor (if you like that style); nice beddings/linens, service is adequate, staff is polite.CONS:Small, dark rooms--small windows because building is old renovated space; small closets, bath tub/shower combo small, eclectic decor (if you DON't like being surrounded by funky stuff); small lobby, pricey restaurant.Bottom line is...given the level of quality in terms of service, amenities, and location, this should be a 3-4 star hotel, and it wouldn't be worth paying more than $200 a night for it, above that and you'd find something better around the same area of Chicago.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great stay at Hotel Monaco	We booked one night at Hotel Monaco Chicago - and a large snowstorm threatened our travel, so we decided to stay another night. What a time! The staff was friendly, helpful and genuine. The room was funky and cozy. Great decor! We loved the window seats where we watched people and traffic hustling by. Free Wifi was a plus. Location was exceptional for the variety of touristy things that we wanted to visit.We really liked the goldfish we requested. Maybe a little silly, but it was fun to have a pet to &quot;come home&quot; to.We loved the wine hour and the Starbuck's coffee in the morning. The snowstorm made for a chilly touring day, and it was nice to come back to a warm, cozy room.We will stay here again and highly recommend you give Hotel Monaco a try!	
Mar 27 2008	A good hotel nice stay in chicago with some reservations	Was traveling to Chicago for the first time for business. Decided to add a few personal vacation days to my trip. Found Hotel Monaco through this site and got a great deal on Travelocity for $77 per night. I was travelling alone, kind of a last minute decision and I was on a budget.This is a small, boutique-style hotel located right in the middle of the business district, the magnificent mile/Michigan Ave. shopping, inexpensive and expensive restaurants, and theater. I think the #1 thing to remember when you stay at this hotel is to think of it as a stay at a friend's house. And I mean that in the best possible way. To me, it felt like I was staying at a good friend's house who's gone out of their way to provide a comfortable, cosy environment. This is a good mindset so that you don't come in with all of the expectations one might have at a big corporate style hotel. This is not a bad thing, it's just good to have the right expectations.Here are my basic criteria for any hotel- CLEAN, QUIET, and SAFE. On these things, this hotel was great. Clean- I was a little hesitant about staying a &quot;pet friendly&quot; hotel (one of it's niches). I actually don't have pets (though I love animals), and I was a little worried about the cleanliness if they are allowing pets. But after visiting their web site, it looks like they appeal more to the type of people who baby their pets and carry them around in their purse. Also, once I actually got to my room, I could see that the entire room was obviously well cleaned. If you are allergic though, you still should choose another place to stay.Quiet- I was on the 6th floor (facing an AIRSHAFT!!! with a lovely huge picture window with a view of A BRICK WALL!!!) which did not make me happy. But I will say, my room was absolutely quiet- no street noise, so I guess that's the plus side.Safe- There is always a doorman on duty and I think late at night you can only get in the building with a room key. The lobby is tiny and there are always a few friendly staff people on duty- and they always make a point of greeting you and welcoming you back or saying goodbye when you leave. There is only one way into the building. The surrounding neighborhood is safe. Maybe a little bit deserted very late at night, but just use common sense. EXTRAS- Here are some ways Hotel Monaco delighted me/things that I'm happy the hotel provided, even if I wasn't expecting it--FREE wireless internet throughout the building (it really wasn't high speed, but they do recognize how all travelers have come to want this service and they don't charge for it like other hotels.)-Friendly/personalized service- Every single staff person I encountered was friendly, helpful, professional and polite. This kind of service is rare, and you really can't get it at the big hotels.-Free morning coffee and tea in the beautiful/cosy lobby, free afternoon cookies in the lobby, free 24 fitness room, business center-Beautiful, warm, cosy, quirky decor. You feel like you're staying in someone's house, not a cookie-cutter hotel.-10% off my next stay discount card because I was new to their hotel chain-Great restaurant downstairs, great food and great service- they even went above and beyond on one of my first nights- came back to hotel from a late night at the theater and just missed the restaurant closing time but they kindly offered to cook up dinner for me anyway. (Especially great because every other neighborhood restaurant was already closed.)-Spacious room- I was expecting something a little tinier, but my room was actually quite large and well layed out.DISAPPOINTMENTS- Note that these are all areas where the hotel created an expectation via their website info. and then didn't deliver. I'm not a diva-type person who goes around demanding things. But I did visit their website prior to my visit and it was a little disappointing that-- They didn't read or make note of my personal profile when I signed up for their guest loyalty program- none of those expectations were met. Again, none of my &quot;personalized welcome amenities&quot; were a big deal for me- but they went through the effort to ask me, and I had actually been looking forward to arriving at this particular hotel after a grueling flight, so it was disappointing to see that nobody had read any of my info. and I didn't receive any of these things. Why ask if there's no follow-through???-Free complimentary newspaper each day- never saw one until my last day. I did see other people had newspapers outside their doors, but not mine. Again, don't set the expectation, if you aren't going to meet it.-The promised &quot;window seat&quot; was certainly there. (Another amenity I was SOOO looking forward to enjoying.) But NO CUSHIONS or pillows on it. And it only looks out on the aforementioned brickwall!, so what's the point. Just to beat a dead horse, this wasn't an amenity that I had to have, but I feel like I was promised this, and again short-changed.-NO GOLDFISH! Okay, why on earth would someone complain that they didn't get a live goldfish in a bowl in their hotel room? Well, if you went to the website and read all about the hotel and they mention that one thing they provide is a live goldfish, you might think- cool! or what a charming idea! And then you get to your room and nothing. I think it's a great idea to have a living thing brighten up the sterilitiy of a hotel room. And if it turns out that they killed this idea because they thought it might be cruel to goldfish or whatever, I totally understand. But I was actually looking forward to that.	
Mar 26 2008 	Loved everything here!	Everything about Hotel Monaco was excellent. Friendly check-in, gorgeous furnishings in lobby and corridors, and a large, delightful room - we likened it to Ralph Lauren does French Provincial. Loved it! The Concierge was very helpful, all staff were full of smiles and hellos, its in a great location right near trains and shopping, and the restaurant was lovely and not too pricey.Would absolutely stay again, and would recommend to anyone going to Chicago.	
Mar 17 2008	Loved Hotel Monaco Chicago	Hotel Monaco's staff was friendly and accommodating. The decor is attractive and lively. The interior is well maintained and the room was quiet and very clean. The bed was absolutely the most comfortable I've experienced in a hotel. Wine hour in the lobby was an added treat. Our stay was flawless and we look forward to visiting again. A great location in downtown Chicago!	
Mar 2 2008 	Excellent and (Relatively) Affordable River North Option	Just returned from my first stay at the Hotel Monaco and I loved it! Great location just minutes from the Magnificent Mile, restaurants, shopping, bars and more. Check-in was fast and efficient. Front desk reminded us about the nightly wine reception and the free Starbucks coffee in the morning (both of which we didn't take part in) . As a member of the loyalty program, they knew my floor preferences and more. Room was great (river view, queen queen room). Loved the window seats, spacious bathroom, comfortable beds and TV. A few minutes after arriving, hotel staff brought up a chocolate bar, water and two welcome notes which included 15% off at the hotel restaurant. Very welcoming environment! We did end up checking out the restaurant in the morning and their Sunday brunch was great. Even their room service rates were really quite affordable. Overall, I'd definitely recommend a stay and I know that I'll be back the next time I want to catch a show at the House of Blues.	
Feb 22 2008	Unique and Inviting	I stayed for 3 nights during a trip to Chicago with my sister. The room was gorgeous in an unconventional way--Green and beige striped walls, Red-trimmed mirror, and numerous color-coordinated pillows. The beds were comfy and the large window seats were fabulous for city-gazing. The best (and worst) thing that was unique to this hotel was the goldfish companion the staff brought to our room upon arrival. I was actually very excited to receive my pet. My sister and I named him Chewy and said goodnight to him before going to sleep. Sadly, the next morning Chewy was floating lifelessly at the top of the fish bowl. Not a pleasant way to start out the day! These things happen I suppose, but I hope the hotel does have some system of trying to prevent it from happening, such as keeping track of how old the fish are and which ones are likely to die soon. Our goldfish was replaced by the time we retuned to the hotel for the night. Chewy II survived for the rest of our stay, thankfully. Since we did not know about the turn down serivice, we were delighted to come back to our room the first night and find it comfy and waiting for us with Lindt chocolate on our beds. But, they did forget to turn down one of two beds in the room on the 3rd night.All in all, I enjoyed my stay very much and would recommend this hotel. The location was great too.	
Feb 18 2008 	A great Kimpton Hotel!	I booked my room at the Hotel Monaco through the hotel website and got a rate of $159/night. I recently stayed at the Sheraton in downtown Chicago where I paid a lot more and didn't love it. I stayed at the Hotel Monaco this time for business. They didn't have my direct bill paperwork attached to my reservation. Bring your paperwork...just in case.It was freezing when I arrived and the bellman were very helpful. The front desk had my room ready and my Kimpton amenities (a bottle of waters and cookies) were already in my room. They also gave me a coupon for 15% of breakfast in the hotel restaurant. The gentleman at the front desk was very nice and pointed out that my requests for a non-smoking, quiet, king had been honored.The room was huge! Along with the king bed and a spacious work area the room also has a little sitting area with two chairs. The closets are decent size and have safes that will accommodate a laptop. It was a nice size room for two people on vacation. The decor is typical Kimpton---funky and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable.The bathroom was very clean. The linens and robes were of nice quality and they stocked plenty. They provide the basic L'Occitane products free of charge. In the bathroom they also have bath balls (the fizzy kind that are the size of tennis balls) which can be purchased for $7/ each. The bathtubs themselves are rather ordinary and didn't seem like one you would want to take a bubble bath...but the balls are there if you want them. As with some of the other Kimptons, they also have warm fuzzy socks and PJ's for purchase in the closets.The cable worked fine. The free wireless was fast. The mini-bar was well stocked. They didn't deliver newspapers to the room in the morning, but they provide several in the lobby sitting area.They had the Grammy's on in the Hotel restaurant, but the sound wasn't on. The place was nice looking and the food I did see looked good. It has a cute bar to meet for drinks or where solo travelers can eat. I ended up next door at the Hard Rock Hotel. They have a cute bar in the lobby with good food. There is also a Morton's Steakhouse next door.NOTE: When you are picking up your car from valet during the week...add a little time into your morning routine. The valet parking is $40/night. I called down before check-out and asked for my car to be brought around. I was told it would be brought around. Because of parking regulations they do not bring your car from the parking garage until you are in the lobby. Apparently they can't park on the street. I had been waiting for about 5 minutes when I asked and the valet had no idea I wanted my car. It took another 10 minutes to bring my car around. The valet said this doesn't happen on the weekend. The hotel is about a 30 minute drive in morning rush hour to O'Hare.	
Feb 18 2008 	A Great Boutique Hotel	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Monaco after receiving a fantastic $159/night rate from Kimpton. Like many of the Kimpton hotels I've stayed at, the Monaco delivers what it promises: it is a cool little hotel in a great area that provides a fun experience for its guests.Advantages to the Monaco include its perfect location, its attention to detail, the food in the South Water Kitchen (located in the hotel), and the daily evening wine reception for guests.Disadvantages include parking ($38/night) so taking the train is a great option, and the tiny fitness center.	
Dec 31 2007 	Perfect little hideaway	My husband and I chose the Hotel Monaco when we decided to stay extra days in Chicago following a conference. We chose the Hotel Monaco due to the high quality of our previous stays this year in Kimpton Hotels in Portland, OR and Seattle. The Hotel Monaco Chicago did not disappoint. Quiet, clean, hip, centrally located, prompt room service, free wi-fi with strong in-room connectivity (we both travel with a laptop and always appreciate the free access). I plan to continue choosing Kimpton Hotels when spending my own travel dollars.	
Dec 28 2007	Perfect!	A perfect stay! Room was beautiful and very comfortable, staff was friendly and accommodating, restaurant was excellent, and the wine happy hour was a great time!	
Dec 26 2007 	Always perfect...	This is the 3rd time that I have stayed here and I loved it yet again! I'm a Kimpton Intouch member and all of my specifications were met with this past trip. The hotel goes out of their way to make you feel special and everything went smoothly. We stayed in a Mediterrean (sp?) suite and if you have the money to splurge, do so! The window seats are to die for! The bathtub was perfect for two and the goldfish was a perfect little touch. I love everything about this hotel and it is my favorite place to stay while I'm in the city. Though it is expensive, it's a must have splurge for anyone and everyone! I will be back again soon!	
Dec 20 2007 	Loved the Monaco	I stayed at the Monaco for six nights for work. The six nights passed much too quickly! The Monaco is a fun place.The pros...Very friendly staff who welcomed me back each time I re-entered the hotel.Loved the free coffee in the morning and the wine in the evening (although I only made it back for wine once, unfortunately)The beds were very comfy. Loved the sleep socks and the robes. (You have to pay for the sleep socks though.)Had a nice meal at South Water Ktichen. Liked the wine list.Free wireless!Chocolates on my pillow every night.Cookies my first night (along with the chocoloates) and a note from the manager. The consThe gym is small. Very small. Two treadmills, two cross-trainers, and a bike if I remember correctly. Some free weights and a yoga ball.Honestly, I can't think of any other cons!I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in town for work.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great stay at the Monaco	I stayed here for one night on a recent business trip. The staff was excellent from the front desk person to the concierge to the wait staff. As a Kimpton &quot;In Touch&quot; member, my preferences were on file and honored. The room was quite large by city standards and had a great little window seat overlooking Wabash. The workout room was very small but they did offer $10 passes to a nearby gym. I preferred the Monaco to their other property, The Burnham. The service was really superb!	
Dec 1 2007 	Boutique at its finest!	We have stayed at the Monaco twice in the last 3 years. The hotel is a classic boutique hotel. Cozy, well decorated, friendly staff, and a interesting unique style. The staff was very helpful and competent. The bed was very comfortable. The room was spacious and decorated with a cool contemporary style. The attached South Water Restaurant is excellent. Ate there for several meals and each meal was really good. Complimentary cocktails at 6pm, complimentary coffee in the morning. Complimentary homemade chocolate chip cookies each day. Very close proximity to everything including the Magnificent Mile. I have also stayed at one of the sister properties in Chicago, The Hotel Allegro. Equally as good. The 3rd property in Chicago is the Burnham which looks even nicer the the other 2. Joined their loyalty progam. I will look for Kimpton Hotels wherever I travel now.	
Nov 27 2007 	Nice place for price - Very conveniently located to shopping/theatre	My mother and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco 1 night and found the place to be very nice. The staff was nice and professional, the room was of a nice size, clean, and designed nicely. Lots of toiletries available at our fingertips. What I liked most was that we could walk to the Oriental Theatre and to some very good restaurants - we felt safe at all times as well.Really no complaints -- just a few minors ones: no coffeemaker in the room - although they sent one up immediately upon my request; insufficient lighting in the room we had -- one of the lighting fixtures had a light bulb out but I didn't take the time to call housekeeping to get it fixed. Otherwise, everything went well.I recommend this place to anyone and figure that kids will like it too since they can get a goldfish in their room during their stay (for free). We did not try this but I figure a kid or an adult with a thing for goldfish would really like this aspect of the hotel.	
Nov 17 2007 	Watch your Credit Card Statement - Extra charges your not notified about	Hotel was nice and most of the staff was great. Billing was terrible, they charged the wrong rate for the room, I had to get it corrected and when I got home and received a credit card statement they charged for a day they said my reservation started. They never said anything about this charge while I was there nor was it on my bill when I checked out. Bad business practice, I've never stayed at a hotel that tried this trick.	
Nov 9 2007 	Hotel Monaco: the BEST place we've ever stayed!	Without question, the Hotel Monaco in Chicago is the best hotel we have ever visited in our 14 years of marriage! From the moment we arrived, everyone on the hotel staff made our stay a delight. The doorman and porters were very gracious and helpful; the front desk staff always addressed us by name and always answered our questions clearly; and our room was exceptional! We stayed in the Mediterranean Suite on the 8th floor, and it looks EXACTLY as wonderful in person as it does on the hotel's website. We became Kimpton In-Touch Members when we made this reservation, and the room was selected according to the preferences we listed: the shower was extra tall, the room was located on a corner, and our area of the hotel was so quiet I was never entirely sure anyone else was staying on our floor. But the sweetest thing was that, when I made the reservation, I was asked whether we were celebrating a special occasion, and I mentioned that the month we were traveling was the anniversary of our first date...and when we returned to the suite after an afternoon out-and-about, there was champagne on ice waiting for us. Too nice!The decor was lovely and fun; the staff was wonderful; the location was perfect; and the wine reception each afternoon was just delightful! We will definitely return to the Monaco!	
Nov 8 2007	Very Nice but #3 in Chicago? No Way!	I'll start by saying I am a Kimpton In-Touch member and huge fan of their hotels having stayed at a significant number of their properties from coast to coast. The Hotel Monaco-Chicago is a fairly typical Kimpton which means to me...friendly staff, funky decor, offbeat amenites and a general &quot;hip&quot; vibe in a small boutique property. This location adds the positive of a excellent location right on the river, one block from Michigan Ave., which made walking to all downtown sights and shopping easy.My only complaint is this. At check-in, I was immediately recognized and welcomed as an In-Touch member and was told that a room with all of my preferences (high floor, quiet room) had been &quot;blocked&quot; for me. I appreciated the greeting and assumed that my allegiance to Kimpton would land me a choice room location. We headed up to our room on the 14th floor (top floor, so preference met!). Though, we had to search for the halls for the room awhile, it turned out to be down a small hall with only one other room located off of it (quiet room preference met!). The disappointment came upon opening the drapes to check out the window seat and views you have read about in other reviews for this property. To say I was shocked to find no window seat and a view of a solid brick wall from the building next door not twenty yards away is an understatement. Upon investigation, it appears there are only three rooms on each floor with no view and I was afforded the privilege of staying in one of those. Would it not have been better for the Front Desk Clerk to explain that in order to meet my In-Touch preferences, I would forfeit any view and give me a choice?Okay, I've vented and with that said, don't hesitate to book this hotel for business or pleasure. If you know and like Kimpton properties, you won't be disappointed. Just ask them what your room looks out on !	
Nov 5 2007	Awesome hotel!	My sister, neice and I stayed at this property over the weekend and were very pleased with the location, room and service. Within walking distance to great shopping on State Street. Corner Bakery for breakfast was a 5 minute walk - great place for simple breakfast - would have liked to try a diner but nothing within walking distance. The rooms were clean, well equipped. Great high ceilings and the window seats rock! The goldfish is a nifty gimmick...the hotel assures you that they are well looked after - I hope so! The Starbucks coffee bar is handy in the mornings - unfortunately we didn't have time to take advantage of the complimentary wine in the evenings. Concierge staff were very informative and helpful. Only downside from the hotel perspective is that they were not aware or not advising departing guests that the subway line to the airport was closed on weekends - even though we ordered a taxi with our luggage to depart to the blue line to O'Hare so that was an unexpected extra cost. All in all, would definitely return to the Monaco!	
Oct 30 2007	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October, 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return.We booked our room through a safety convention web site.	
Oct 30 2007 	Lovely suite - wish I had more time to party like a rockstar	I spent two nights at the Hotel Monaco for business travel, and wish I could have stayed longer for pleasure! By a stroke of luck, I was given the hotel's themed &quot;Party Like a Rockstar&quot; suite (605), complete with a jukebox and electric guitar. As I was there for work, I would have appreciated a desk and more outlets, but did get a kick out of the decor and amenities.My only other minus was the valet parking - $37 is a bit steep.South Water Kitchen makes a great egg white omelet.Staff were super friendly and helpful.There was roadwork being done during my stay and the back-up beeping sound from the trucks lasted far into the night (like past midnight), which, while annoying, was not the hotel’s fault.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Stay	Had a great stay in Chicago for one evening at the Hotel Monaco. Needed a handicapped accessible room with an early check in. No problem! Room was nicely appointed. Huge bathroom with roll in shower. Beds were comfortable and room was clean. Great location in downtown Chicago. On the edge of the Loop and right off Michigan Ave. Close to shopping, sites and places to eat. Our room overlooked the river and had a great 'window seat' to sit it and watch the city go by! Staff was great. Pet friendly hotel but had no issues with that! The Chicago Bulls were staying at the hotel on game day so it was a bonus for my husband who is a Bulls fan to see all the players. **For those needing accessible rooms the beds were awful high and a little difficult for my husband to get in and out. Also roll in shower was fine but water got everywhere on the floor! All in all a great stay.	
Oct 16 2007 	Uneven service	Hotel Monaco is in a great location, rooms are large, decor is sophisticated and it has a lot of boutique hotel touches, e.g., wine reception in late afternoon. But the service is as uneven as a cobblestone street. One example: I wandered down to the lobby on a Saturday morning at 9:15 a.m. looking for coffee. The desk clerk told me that coffee service ended at 9 a.m. but she would see if there was anything in the kitchen. While I waited, another guest came by looking for coffee. This time another desk clerk brusquely told him &quot;coffee service ends at 9 a.m. You can buy a cup in the restaurant.&quot; Same hotel, same day, different definitions of hospitality. The day before when I checked in at 10 a.m., the desk clerk told me &quot;check in is at 3 p.m. You're room's not ready.&quot; Asked when it might be ready, she said &quot;At 3 p.m.&quot; I asked if I could leave my bags so they could be brought to my room when it was ready. &quot;You can check your bags, but you'll have to retrieve them yourself,&quot; she said less than helpfully. I left my cell phone number and asked to be called when the room was ready, Guess what? No call. My bags? The bellman was out when I returned at 5 p.m. My bags didn't get there for another half hour.	
Oct 14 2007 	Gem in the center of a great city	Spouse and I spent 5 days in Chicago in early October. Chose Hotel Monaco based on location and also an enjoyable stay at the sister property in Seattle last year. It was a good choice.For me the best things about the Chicago Monaco are its location and the excellent and friendly service. From here we were able to cover a lot of territory on foot (and wheelchair, in the case of my hubby). The staff were great starting with when we made our reservations - many hotels will not block a particular wheelchair accessible room, meaning you could arrive and find that you have a room that doesn't work for you. The staff at the Monaco blocked us a room that met our needs.We arrived tired and hot from the airport an hour an a half before check in time. Rather than giving us grief because we were early, the front desk crew immediately offered to hold our bags and then call on my cell phone once the room was ready. This little courtesy made us feel good about the place the minute we arrived. It was especially appreciated because it was the day of the Chicago Marathon and everything was hopping.We did not use the concierge so can't comment on that. But otherwise all staff were friendly and responsive, including when we asked for a chair to be removed from our room to give us more space. Someone arrived to do so almost immediately.We were a little disappointed in the restaurant, having been spoiled by the good one adjoining the Seattle Monaco. The South Water Kitchen is convenient to have next door, and is fine, but not quite up to the standard set by the hotel. The restaurant adjoining the Hotel Burnham, a nearby Kimpton property, is much better.Price was steep (with tax a 5 night stay in a not-very-big room totalled almost $2000) but since this was hubby's first trip to Chicago (and only my second) I thought the splurge was worth it to stay in a pleasant hotel in such a central touring location.	
Oct 8 2007 	Another great Kimpton hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights for an anniversary trip in early October. We stayed at a Kimpton hotel for our honeymoon three years ago and were hoping for similarly splendid service and accommodations at the Monaco. We were not disappointed. We were able to check in early (around 11am) and received our requested coffee maker within minutes of arriving in our room. The staff members were very friendly and helpful. On our first night, the concierge recommended a very good local Italian restaurant within an easy walking distance. Housekeeping services were prompt and thorough. The location was perfect for exploring the Magnificent Mile, going on several architecture tours, and going to the opera. The free wireless Internet was a nice bonus. We will definitely book the Monaco on subsequent trips to Chicago.	
Oct 4 2007 	Fun funky upscale: Great access to public transport...Love it	This is the third time I've stayed at the Hotel Monaco, the first time for pleasure. Chose this for a weekend girlfriend getaway. The Hotel Monaco is an expensive hotel. We got a AAA discount and the bill for two nights, including taxes was about $600. It was fine for us because we were splitting the bill, but obviously it's not for those on a budget.The good things: cute, funky decor that is well kept-up---not a bit worn. I love the Hotel Monaco for their originality. They will give you a pet gold fish if you like, will accommodate your dog, and will even help you find a place for doggy day care if you need to be at work during the day!What else? Great location. It's easy to arrive on public transport from the airport (I took the train in from Midway airport and walked no more than one block). Once there you can walk to more touristy things or take the L. I really love the location. It's close to the art museum, the magnif mile, and the theatre. We took the L to the Second City theatre (the etc stage) and walked everywhere else. Our room had a view of the river and fantastic funky window seats with big pillows. So much fun for window gazing. Oh, and FREE WIRELESS. Loved it.We looked at other &quot;cool&quot; boutique hotels and found that the Hotel Monaco had the largest rooms (vs. The Burnham which has rooms about half the size--be sure to ask, they can tell you in square feet how big the room is) or the best location (vs. Hotel Indigo). All were in the same price range (ie, EXPENSIVE).The downside: The price. It's not cheap. If you are on business, go for it! You'll love it. If you are splitting the cost, it's a good splurge. The only other thing I'd warn about is the concierge service. We got a TERRIBLE recommendation for a restaurant...I mean this was one of the worst restaurants I've been to anywhere. This has happened twice while staying at the Monaco, so I am not sure what motivates their recommendations, or whether they just aren't that good at this. Too bad because Chicago has terrific restaurants. So, word to the wise for true foodies: do your own research on restaurants so that you are not disappointed.	
Sep 25 2007	great location 	Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel. Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city!! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room!! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming, making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable. Would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 21 2007	Super hotel!	Great hotel, great location. Well done Kimpton!	
Sep 18 2007 	Great Experience at the Monaco	I stayed at the Monaco for a business meeting in early September. The location is great - close to Michigan Ave and the theater district.It is a quirky, comfortable, small hotel - just the right antidote to some of the large impersonal chain hotels nearby. The bed was very comfortable and the room was large enough to accommodate a nice desk and lounge chair. It was hard to stay away from the window seats that looked down on the Chicago River. The bathroom was standard but nicely appointed with marble counter and L'Occitane toiletries. My only complaint was it did have the feel that everything in the room was for sale. The bath salts had a $7.00 price tag as did the warm fuzzy socks hanging with the bathrobe. I had to check the soap to make sure I was not being charged extra for it before getting in the shower.	
Sep 18 2007 	The Best	Wonderful place to stay...convienient, staff especially helpful &amp; the turn down service &amp; music was a real treat to return to at night!	
Sep 16 2007	Typical Kimpton Hotel	Hotel Monaco was definitely up to Kimpton standards. It's beautiful decor, comfy beds, nice linen and bathrooms are all up to the standard you would expect. The location is great too - right near the corner of Michigan Ave and Wacker. You can walk to alot of sights from there.	
Sep 16 2007 	LOVED it!!!!!	This was a wonderful boutique hotel. It's in the theater district and very easy to walk to any of the theaters! It was a splurge for us and well worth it! We had a room with fantastic window seats that we could see the Chicago River from and the activity on the street below. The room was very comfortable and homey. They had an evening wine reception in the lobby. When we came back from dinner, the bed had been turned down, there was music on, it was wonderful!!!!I truly can't explain just what a wonderful place this is!	
Sep 15 2007 	A great hotel	Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Monaco and everything good you read here is true. The staff is always smiling and helpful. The room was quite large and everything worked. The location was perfect for things we wanted to see. You can take your pet with you. The South Water Kitchen is fantastic for all 3 meals - we tried it for all of them.One suggestion is that the hotel offer a better selection of snacks during the complimentary cocktail hour. They only offered a couple of glasses of olives and a few bread sticks for a rather large crowd in the lobby.Ask for a river view room!	
Aug 28 2007 	Absolutely Delightful	I recently traveled to Chicago for a conference and decided to stay through the weekend. I checked into Hotel Monaco mid day Friday and had a wonderful time. I requested and received an early check in. I booked the Mediterranean Suite after reading so many great reviews regarding this room type. Well....I was not disappointed. My partner joined me a few hours after I arrived. The staff was very friendly all weekend. We received a complimentary bottle of champagne and box of chocolates early Friday evening. The conceirge also recommeded a great steak house for dinner. We loved the room. The soaking tub was huge and big enough for two. The window seats are amazing. Viewing the city late at night from this vantage point is great. We never saw housekeeping but our room was always clean. We left early Saturday morning for breakfast and returned to a clean room. Everything we requested from the staff we received promptly. We would definitley stay here again...and again...and again.	
Aug 21 2007 	A funky little gem just off the beaten path	My husband and I, along with our 2 young children, just spent several days at the Hotel Monaco. We were delighted by the staff (who were attentive and extremely polite and helpful), the room (which was spacious [we had the queen/queen room], bright and clean), the funky decor and the location. We had a lovely view of the Chicago River and the large window seats afforded the children a space of their own to watch the happenings below while staying out of the way - this helped us pass the time we spent in the room quite easily. The beds were very comfortable and the furnishings were in remarkably good shape. We also love the hotel's eco-friendly policies (and people who maybe aren't so eco-friendly will like the fact that these are not ever in-your-face). We have stayed at the Burnham Hotel as well, but find this property better suited for children. I can't stress enough how pleasant the hotel staff was. It was a wonderful stay!	
Aug 14 2007 	Hotel Monaco a winner!	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco in early August for four hot and humid days. Luckily the Hotel Monaco was very comfortable and cool. The staff is extremely accomodating. We arrived just past the evening wine tasting hour and the desk staff went out of their way to make sure that we received two glasses. Our room was very comfortable and whimsically decorated. We stayed in a Mediterranean suite which was very spacious. Loved the window seats - we were on the 14th floor (top) and had a great time hanging out and relaxing there. As a family of four we felt that we had plenty of space. The beds were extremely comfortable, very firm and there was a great choice of pillows. There was very little interior noise - we were not too far away from the elevator but never heard it. The hotel was also quite busy (mostly apparent down in the lobby area) but we were never disturbed by noise from other guests. We could hear some squeal of the train, which was one block away but this always surprisingly didn't bother us. The restaurant, South Water Kitchen was very good, quick and efficient service and very reasonable prices. Location was good. To the north a couple of blocks - Miracle Mile, public transportation nearby. Millenium and Grant Park (Art Institute) all within walking distance.The workout room was very small but if you only want to use a treadmill or elliptical machine you will be okay no weight machines and a small selection of free weights. I would definitely recommend becoming a member of the Kimpton Intouch program - the extra attention and services were worth it. I would stay here again.	
Aug 5 2007 	no complaints!	I'm used to staying with my old college roommate when I head to Chicago, I suppose her parents had the same idea. I had heard nothing but good things about the Hotel Monaco and the location was just what I needed. My stay was smooth as a whistle. The room, which was a basic queen sized bed, had wonderful lighting and highlighted the wonder of downtown Chicago.	
Jul 31 2007 	Perfect Hotel for My 1st Chicago Experience	My husband and I visited Chicago for our 10th wedding anniversary. It was a perfect stay for my first trip to Chicago. The hotel sent complimentary champagne to our room for our anniversary.  We loved the location and the staff at the hotel.Our conceierge, Sylvia, was fantastic. She gave us wonderful suggestions for transportation and for restaurants. Gibsons Steakhouse for dinner and Lou Mitchells for breakfast are a must.The rooms were great. The window seats really add something special to the rooms. When we returned to our room in the evenings, the bed would be turned down, there would be music playing and our robes would be laid out on the bed. It was a perfect ending to a perfect day. We loved the Hotel Monaco, we can't wait to go back for another visit.	
Jul 29 2007 	Interesting hotel	Very quaint hotel with relaxing atmosphere. This hotel, in my opinion, has the feel of a 'bed and breakfast' but without the breakfast. The service was excellent as was the comfort of the rooms. This is a good alternative to a cold, impersonal hotel in the same price range. The location was also good. We walked to everything.	
Jul 19 2007 	Charming boutique hotel in the heart of Chicago	The Hotel Monaco is a fine hotel that could not be more conveniently located for the business or pleasure traveller.The hotel is close to the banks of the Chicago River, within walking distance of all Loop attractions and the Magnificent Mile north of the river. It is a medium sized hotel, much more personal and friendly than, say, the huge Hilton Chicago.The front desk staff were efficient and friendly. The room was not large but comfortable and very quiet and clean, with a lovely river view. The decor is much more lively than your typical business hotel. There were plenty of electrical outlets and an ethernet cable on the desk for your electronic devices. Coffee makers are available in the room upon the request, but coffee and tea are also available in the lobby at all times. A complimentary New York Times was waiting outside my door in the morning.There are lots of restaurants and shops within easy walking distance.Overall, Hotel Monaco is an excellent choice for downtown Chicago lodging. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 17 2007 	Too wonderful for words	We like Kimpton properties -- they are funky and friendly with great beds and good styling... oh sometimes there isn't much closet space, or the bathrooms are old, but they are always in THE best locations the city has to offer.The Hotel Monaco in Chicago couldn't have been more perfect for our stay. We had a Mediteranean Suite to accomodate 2 adults and two teens for 4 nights... the corner suite was right on the corner facing the Chicago River and we had 4 of the famous window seats that everyone raves about. My 12 year old was so taken by them that we cancelled his roll-away and he slept on one everynight.... two of them were the size of twin beds, and every afternoon we'd climb in one together and sit with cocktails/ cokes and watch the city go by! It was one of the things that make a trip truly special and I have no doubt the kids will every forget it. The location was terrific -- close to the Theatre District, the museum campus, the Art Institute and Milennium Park/Grant Park -- we walked to everything except the museum campus -- it was too hot to go that far. The valets and front desk staff were terrific and we fell in love with our evening housekeeper -- she was a doll. Our breakfasts in the hotel restaurant were delicious and fast. The bedding and amenities were top-notch.My older son even said the sofa bed in the living room wasn't too bad.The one bad bump was with a conceierge -- Richard -- who, we found out after a $30 tip, was absolutely wrong on everything he told us. He said we couldn't get tickets for &quot;Wicked&quot; without a broker and that they'd cost &quot;$150 easy&quot;-- we walked into the theatre a block away and got front row balcony tickets for that night at $80 each.... He said take a bus to the museum campus as it was much cheaper than a taxi -- Wrong -- we took a cab because of a rainstorm and found that it was faster, easier and $3 cheaper! His restaurant tips were to big chains not to smaller local places.... He kept pushing Navy Pier, which everyone told us to avoid at all costs.... The other two concierge we talked to seemd fine tho' and gave us great directions..Bottom line -- stay at the Monaco. And take an architectural boat tour! We give the trip an A++++++++	
Jul 15 2007 	Met all our needs	Just got back from a &quot;sister weekend&quot; of shopping in Chicago and couldn't be happier about our accommodations! I had stayed at the Hotel Monaco last summer for a family weekend and knew it would be a great choice for the annual sister get-away. We weren't disappointed!The room was very comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the location was perfect for a mad weekend of shopping! Will definitely stay again.	
Jul 15 2007 	spacious comfortable room and great location	We were very pleased with the Monaco and would recommend it to anyone wanting to be near the downtown attractions. The room was not a standard-issue hotel room; rather, they used interesting interior design, with interesting fabrics and art. The ceiling was very high, which gave the large room a very spacious feel. The beds were very comfortable. The hotel is relatively small for downtown, and it had a comfortable lobby. Don't bother eating in the restaurant. At lunch our mussels were in an overly salty broth, the &quot;medium&quot; hamburger came well done, and the french fries were way too salty.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Hotel	This was a great hotel with unique/funky decor. Everything from the lobby to the room was clean. Staff was very welcoming and friendly. The complimentary cocktail hour from 5- 6 was also an added bonus to an already impressive hotel. Our room had a window seat right next to a huge window that overlooked the river. You can even request to have your own pet fish while there. Can't say enough good things about this hotel. We stayed over the 4th of July and encountered no problems in the city due to the holiday.	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved the room	The room I stayed in at the Hotel Monaco was amazing. The view of Chicago was spectacular. They have everything you might need available for you. Front desk very helpful. We went for a quick weekend trip to see &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; It was wonderful. I cannot say enough about Chicago. You must see all the museums while you are there and walk along the lake. If you have time to head up North towards Wisconsin, I would go to Gurnee, IL to the Gurnee Mills Outlet Mall. Loads of fun.	
Jul 9 2007 	This hotel gets it right	My stay at the Hotel Monaco was excellent. This hotel gets it right when it comes to customer service and thoughtfulness. I was on business and had a basic room with no window seat and no view, and still thought the room was great. The front desk staff, concierge, and bellmen were one of the best groups I've seen. I requested a Wall Street Journal and it was at my door when I woke up in the morning. The property was quiet and clean. The hotel is in a good location close to the river and was only a short cab ride from anywhere I needed to go. I had no problem getting a cab out front. The room was well decorated and had nice touches. The rooms are hip and fun, without being over the top - good selection in the mini bar, good L'Occitane toiletries, a CD to listen to on the CD player, a full size umbrella in every room, and a comfy bed. And there are many other amenities and services that I didn't get a chance to utilize - complimentary morning coffee, complimentary evening wine, complimentary shoeshine service, pet program, business center, fitness center, etc. This hotel has thought of everything and if there is something they missed, I am sure they would do their best to help you get it. The adjacent restaurant, South Water Kitchen, was good. Apparently they provide 24 hour room service for the hotel and that would be pretty darn good for room service. I usually like to try new places when I travel, but I'd definitely stay here next time. If it was booked, I'd look at the other Kimpton properties in Chicago.	
Jun 2 2007	A Must-Stay In Chi-Town	Ever experience the thrill of seeing the Chicago skyline from the comfort of your bed? Or, have you ever shared a glass of champagne with a loved one seated in a giant window overlooking Marina City, the Chicago River and more? Then you owe yourself a stay at Hotel Monaco. We spent a fantastic anniversary weekend in one of the Mediterranean Suites, room 711. The suites are corner units, with the max number of views, &amp; natural light. As you will read in other TA reviews, the window seats are fantastic. Very romantic and a wonderful place to enjoy champagne toasts and a candlelight dinner, we might add. Oh, and the jacuzzi for two is also quite enjoyable. You will need to climb up into it, so if you are not nimble, you may not like this set-up. There's nothing to complain about with this hotel.....if I had to find something negative: the animal print robes were not the most luxurious hotel robes. Kind of scratchy from overwashing. This hotel is in a primo location -- Millenium Park is around the corner....Marshall Field's (curses on you who refer to it as Macy's, as it will always be the Marshall Field's to us) Nordstrom Rack and other fabulous shopping is down the street from your hotel, The chicago river at your doorstep, around the corner from mag mile...the world's best chicago hot dogs are 2 doors down. The conceriege is extremely helpful and friendly. We did not eat at the restaurant attached to the hotel, but it was a beautiful place to enjoy a quiet drink before venturing out at night. If you are in search of cheap, exciting food: Cafe Iberico, a beautiful spanish restaurant. It's a 2 minute cab ride away. It's filled with the gorgeous spanish ceramics and ceramic tile pictures throughout. Tapas and paella both rock. We're voracious researchers for hotel rooms, and let us assure you that you won't be disappointed by Hotel Monaco. photos coming soon.....	
May 31 2007 	Funky but Fun	A nice and resaonable place to stay. Staff was accompdating and helpful. Location suited us fine. We had a lovely time and I would stay here again. we were here for a conference and ran into [--]	
May 16 2007 	Great Location	The Monaco has several great things going for it, the first being the location. We had a room on the 14th Floor with a view of the river. There is a good restaurant/bar right downstairs and for other necessities like water, razors, etc.. there is a market right across the street. Walking distance to the train, Macy's, Millennium Park, etc...Free coffee in the morning and wine at nightComplimentary robes. Nice Concierge and desk staff. Clean rooms.However, when we booked, we were offered a room with an iPod dock, which were only available on the 14th floor. When we arrived, there was no such thing in the room. We called downstairs and after talking to a couple people, it was determined that only the suites had docks, and even then it was only in one suite. So that was a bit confusing. The only other very minor: a small room with no mini-fridge.Overall, 8.5. Would defintely recommend.	
May 15 2007 	Loved the Monaco	My husband and I stayed one night at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago after a long weekend trip had to be rescheduled due to health concerns. We were delighted with the entire hotel experience! The lobby was beautiful and the staff friendly. Our room was the Meditterranean Suite and it was large, sunny, and stylish. There were large window seats where we could both sit on a comfortable mat with a pillow and look out at the city. The whirlpool tub was large and deep. The Monaco close to many things- shopping, eating, entertainment. We ate at the Frontera Grill and loved it as well. I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there in the future when in Chicago.	
May 14 2007 	Central location friendly staff the decor is the nazz	Sometimes when you gain a little in luxury you also lose a lot in soul. We did not lose anything by staying at the Monaco. Having all options on the table, my wife and I chose the Monaco. We won a trip to Chicago (all expenses paid!) so we could have stayed at the most (supposedly) high end place in town. The view is among the best available in Chicago. You can see Marina city, the Wrigley's building and the Chicago River. You can walk a short distance to Millennium Park, Grant Park, the Art Institute of Chicago, some excellent restaurants, or to the Theater District or even quickly cross the river and do some shopping. The rooms were clean, quiet and always stocked with fresh towels. These are the things you need when traveling. A goldfish adds a bit of whimsy, but it's the attention to the fundamentals that is important in picking a hotel. Friendly service, comfortable beds, a centralized location and a good shower and towels are those fundamentals and Monaco delivered those to us perfectly.The decor is exotic and funky and the doormen are pimped out to lend a handful of street cred to the younger, hipper, more adventurous crowd this Hotel is marketed toward. Lots of patterns and materials. The staff did not put a tip envelope in our room for the maid service. The cleaning staff instead received a chocolate bar from the honor bar. No biggie. The concierge was very helpful, booking tickets for the Architectural boat tour along the Chicago River and providing one 1/2 off ticket for the Art Institute of Chicago. When we checked out they watched our bags.To put an image to it, if I were in the recording industry type and wanted a safe, clean place to stay while I was rockin Chicago, I'd pick this place for my girl to stay. If my parents were coming to town, maybe they'd like someplace else, but who knows. Dad might dig it. Our affluent cousins from the cape, well, they would probably prefer the Ritz. This time, we stayed at the Monaco and I felt comfortable there. The place has a real good soul.	
Apr 20 2007	Oversold	This hotel is fine, there isn't actually anything wrong with it, it is just that they seriously over-promise the experience in their publicity, so I found it a bit dissapointing. If they'd toned it down a bit and I'd had lower expectations, I'm sure I would have been completely happy, as the location is excellent. As it was, I wasn't wowwed.	
Apr 19 2007	Monaco	This was A great stay! I can recommend it to all travelers around the world. Nice rooms, large bathroom and a very soft bed:) Go there if you can!	
Apr 16 2007	Great Stay!	Hotel Monaco is definitely to be recommended. It isn't cheap but what good hotel is these days? The location was perfect and the staff, especially the doormen, were really friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and very clean with a good view of the river. If you ask they give you goldfish to look after for your stay which is a really nice idea. The only minus was that the maid knocked on the door every night for a turndown service which wasn't requested and she had to be turned away. Putting the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door prevented this but it was a tad annoying. The hotel is really quiet and I would highly recommend it for anyone looking for a good hotel in Chicago.	
Apr 10 2007	satisfied comfortable clean friendly	We had a king deluxe room for 2 nights. We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount. We paid $180/nt. We enjoy boutique hotels, as they have so much more personality and personal service. This hotel was no exception. Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean, well decorated, spacious and quiet. We were offered at check-in a room with a view, but warned it was across from the elevator, so we decided to take the quiet, large room with no view. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater. We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect (we like to walk). We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience. We ate room service for breakfast each morning, and the food was good and the portions were quite large. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 4 2007 	A hotel with small rooms and a very big heart.	We stayed at the Monaco for an all-too rare weekend of shopping and relaxing. So when I first walked in, I was a bit disappointed. The Hotel Monaco has the small rooms of an older hotel and I had hoped to stretch out in a bit more luxury. BUT, the staff and their courteous and prompt attention to detail, and the hotel's location quickly turned me around. Yes, our room was small, but it was clean, the bedding was elegant and comfortable, the shampoo and beauty products were wonderful (after this, I'm going to find them on-line to purchase them), the robes were comfy, and the bar was well-stocked. The Hotel Monaco is in a great location -- steps from shopping, dining, and entertainment on Michigan Avenue and State Street (it's just south of the river). We walked less than a block to dinner at McCormick and Schmick's (we LOVED it); got the bus around the corner to go to the Museum of Science and Industry and a few other places when it was raining; found a few spots nearby for a relaxing drink; and generally found the location to be as convenient as any (we typically stay at the Intercontinental, which is right on Michigan Avenue, but wanted to try something different this stay). Then there's the staff: from the moment we walked in the door, everyone greeted us with a &quot;hello&quot; or &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;good night&quot; and a smile. The concierge was helpful. The bellhop was helpful and friendly. The first time the woman behind the front desk left her spot as I walked in the lobby and beat me to the elevator to push the buttons for me (both outside the elevator and in), I was impressed; I soon came to expect that kind of simple, extra attentiveness and courtesy from every staff member there. My husband is a very big man (6'4&quot;, 250) and so we typically like our rooms large so he doesn't feel cramped. The Hotel Monaco made up for the small rooms with its very big heart.	
Apr 2 2007 	a great weekend!	Arrived just in time for the hospitality hour. It was a great way to start an awesome weekend. We stayed in a tall room and everything was great. No problems with anything. We walked all over from the stores in the loop to Navy Pier. Nice location. Would definitly stay here again!	
Mar 19 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location!	We love this hotel, we have stayed at The Hotel Monaco in Denver before and knew what to expect. I booked three rooms at hotels.com and was disappointed to find out that it is hard to make any requests when you do not directly book the rooms through the actual hotel (I later found out that the branch of hotels -I think it is Kimpton, will match the prices found on some online sources (not priceline.com or hotwire.com but most others)). I was happy to arrive at the hotel in Chicago and they met all of my needs at check-in without any problems. My husband and I were even upgraded to a suite for my 30th birthday. The suite was perfect, a big corner room with a living room, huge flat screen tv on the wall and a jacuzzi tub. The hotel offers complimentary starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a complimentary wine and beer service in the evening. It was great! The only downfall was that as a group wanting to be together and still be upgraded, we were placed on the 4th floor which we were told was being converted to a non-smoking floor. The front desk had said that all of the rooms had been deep cleaned, are no longer used as smoking rooms and did not smell of smoke. They did smell of smoke and the bellhop said that the 4th floor was the only smoking floor and was still used as one, hence the ashtrays in all of the drawers of our room. A little disappointing but perfect otherwise.	
Mar 15 2007 	Sofitel regular - loved the Monaco	Being responsible with the company's money, I just couldnt pay over $400 for the regularly $229 Sofitel this trip, so tried the Monaco. I think I have a new Chicago spot! At least for trade shows...I was worried about the neighborhood compared with the &quot;Gold Coast&quot; area I normally stay in, but it was convenient, safe and there were plenty of reasonable restaurants if I had the time to try them. I even took the el this trip!I think I was in a regular room, but the ceilings seemed very high and the room was spacious. The window seats are a plus. The bed is not as plush as the Sofitel, but completely comfortable with a selection of pillow styles. Free wireless - not the ethernet connected high speed internet I expected. The morning Starbucks/Tazo tea service is wonderful. Business kept me busy, but I did attend the wine tasting on Monday night and opted for the dark beer. My only complaint about the hotel was some rate weirdness they pulled that was OK since the company was paying, but I would probably have cancelled completely if I was! About a month before my arrival, I cut my 4 night stay down to 3 and they raised my rate $23 per night! Makes no sense. I was well within the cancellation period. My corporate travel agent called to question, but we agreed to live with it. If my stay was not excellent I would have cancelled the next planned trip to the Monaco in October (another convention that has driven up the Sofitel rates!)	
Mar 13 2007	very trendy	I just love Hotel Monaco! I have stayed their several times. It's located in the perfect area and has a nice, urban, young feel to it. They actually gave us a &quot;tall room&quot; that's specifically made for tall people. Not sure why we got it, but it was delightful. The bed was extra long and the shower head was by the ceiling. Great fun!The bedding is super comfortable and fluffy. One time I stayed there I was the SICKEST I have ever been in my life. The front desk with across the street to White Hen and got me medication and orange juice. They were so great. The windowsills are so big, and cushioned that one could really sleep there all night long. One time we went they had free wine tasting so we took immediate advantage of that. All and all, a bit pricey but my favorite place to stay when I drive from the northern suburbs for an evening in the city.	
Mar 4 2007	A very classy place	The service at this hotel was excellent, beginning with the warm greeting and the basket of warm chocolate chip cookies greeting us at the front desk. The room was spotless, and when we discovered that one of the lamps had a missing bulb(!), it took literally three minutes from the call to the front desk to someone from maintenance coming to our room with a replacement bulb! As mentioned before, we returned from some time out shopping to find all the lights on in our room, our beds turned down, and a couple of pieces of chocolate on our pillows. While this is a very personal touch, it was the only thing I could have definitely done without service-wise. It felt a little weird to know that someone had been in the room for a purpose other than cleaning it or requested service. I guess the jury's still out on how I feel about it!But overall, the experience was great and the location is terrific. I highly recommend Hotel Monaco.	
Feb 6 2007	1st Anniversay - Will Never Forget It!	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for our 1st wedding anniversary. Traveling for a living, I stay in hotels 4 nights a week, in many cities - never have I had such a wonderful experience with a hotel.. First of all, I think it is wise to join the 'Kimpton In Touch' Membership rewards prior to booking - do this with any hotel and you are treated much better.Secondly, I would call the hotel directly to book reservations. Calling them, I was able to tell them of my occassion and my preferences.They gave us the corner Mediterranean Suite on the 11th floor, overlooking the river.. it was absolutely amazing. Had a 50' Plasma TV in the living room, 2 person jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, and champagne and strawberrys were waiting for us in our room upon arrival.. and anyone who stays there knows about the window seats.Anyways.. I would absolutely suggest this to anyone and everyone who is looking for the easiest, most romantic, most convenient, most comfortable place in Chicago.. I know my wife and I will return.	
Jan 15 2007	Could have been a perfect birthday...	I reserved the &quot;Rock star&quot; suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco, they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the &quot;rock star&quot; suite. However, the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.	
Jan 10 2007 	A little gem in a big city	My Husband and I received a stressful call from our college student at 8:00 pm, and we needed to be in Chicago as soon as possible. After a long trip we arrived at 1:00 am and started our search for a hotel. We were exhausted, worried, and I packed in such a hurry I forgot a multitude of things. We took a wrong turn, and in trying to get back on Michigan avenue we saw the Hotel Monaco. It was as if they knew we were coming, they were so helpful and kind to us. Not only did we get a room, but the room was stunning, warm, and a with a beautiful view. The bathroom was stocked with everything we needed. In the morning there was a walgreens right next door for the extra things I had forgot to pack, and really any store you could ever want or need is within walking distance. We ate breakfast in the restaurant, and again, I felt as if the Server picked up on the fact that we were worried and tired, and he went out of his way to make us comfortable. Chicago can feel overwhelming, and the Hotel Monaco is a little gem in a big city. The location is perfect. The room was bright, colorful, and our room had two big window seats you could sit in and watch the city activities or read and relax. It would be a great place for an exciting, well planned trip to Chicago, unlike our unplanned trip in the night, but either way the service is friendly, inviting, and ready to make you feel relaxed and welcomed. Usually a place you stay during a difficult time in your life doesn't leave good memories, but for us, Hotel Monaco was a perfect place.	
Jan 4 2007 	Would definitely stay here again	Loved this place!! It is a very convenient train ride from Midway Airport, and only a block or two away from the Randolph station. We arrived at noon, and even though checkin wasn't until 3 we got our two rooms immediately, which was really nice. My room faced the river and had a huge cushioned window seat (easily the size of a single bed). The king sized bed was very comfortable, and the bedding really nice. Turndown service each night is a great little extra. We had not expected to come back to a filled ice bucket and chocolates on the pillow. The toiletries are very nice, and we appreciated having an umbrella left in the room. My brother had a &quot;tall&quot; room which he liked (longer bed &amp; taller shower), but his view was of the roof and his ice bucket wasn't filled one night. We had the bellhop hold our bags since we weren't leaving town until well after checkout. We had no problems with this either. You are in easy walking distance to Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, Goldcoast dogs, the CTA, a number of bus stops, and just a few blocks from tons of other stores and restaurants. We noticed many people with their dogs, but did not hear any barking in our room. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 19 2006 	Great view of Chicago River	I stayed at the Chicago Hotel Monaco for a one-night visit on business. I had a fantastic view of the Chicago River from a room on the 14th floor. Perhaps because I am a member of Kimpton's loyalty program they up-graded me. In any case, the view of the river sitting in the room's window seat was great. As with other Kimpton properties, this hotel has very good Internet access, a good working desk with good lighting, and a good Aeron-style desk chair. It seems like a small matter, but this hotel and other Kimpton hotels consistently offer business travelers a good work space with excellent (and free!) Internet access. It's nice to know that with Kimpton Hotels you can count on being able to get access to email and get work done on a laptop in your room. As with the other Hotel Monaco properties, the Chicago Hotel Monaco has a unique, funky decor, the rooms are larger than average, and very attentive employees. I would agree with other reviewers that the in-house restaurant is not very special. I had breakfast there, and it was only so-so. As others have remarked, the location of this hotel is great, and it is very convenient to the El (and a direct train ride to Midway Airport). I haven't stayed at the Burnham, but the Hotel Monaco strikes me as a very good value, and a great location if you are visiting downtown Chicago.	
Dec 16 2006	Good but Hotel Burnham is better	We stayed at the Monaco recently and it was very nice. Usually we stay at the Burnham, another Kimpton hotel in Chicago, but decided to try the Monaco given that its web site indicated the room was quite a bit larger in terms of square feet. It wasn't larger. Most of the Burnham rooms have a nice street view of State or Washington. At the Monaco we overlooked an alley. The Monaco is very nice with an excellent location. Just south of the river with great access to the magnificant Mile, the Loop and the El.If the Burnham was booked, I'd stay again at the Monaco.	
Dec 13 2006 	Excellent Customer Service at Hotel Monaco	Mr husband and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. We were extremely pleased with the customer service at this hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful, even going so far as to hand us umbrellas as we headed out the door on a rainy day. Rooms are clean, and boast a hip decor. I especially loved the plush animal-print bath robes, available to each guest. Turn down service was a bonus. We arrived back to the hotel each evening to find ice in our ice bucket, the bed turned down with chocolates on our pillows, relaxing jazz music playing in our room, and the lights dimly lit. WOW! In addition, the wine hour each evening made our stay over the top. This hotel is conveniently located to the Magnificent Mile and restaurant district. We'll definately stay with Kimpton properties in the future. Thanks Hotel Monaco for a grand experience.	
Dec 9 2006 	Fabulous view/drafty windows	Our only problems with Hotel Monaco were few: their clothes steamer was not working, yet when they promised to locate a functioning steamer, they sent the same broken steamer back to our room. Our flight to Chicago was delayed which pushed our check-in to 10 am the next day. I called after 5 pm to ask them to not cancel our reservation but never asked them to hold the room/charge our card. When we arrived early the next morning, I was expecting some trouble since check-in wasn't until 3pm. Our reservation was indeed canceled. It took 20 minutes to check in, but the up-side was that the staff put us on the top floor, slightly facing the river. They did not charge us for the previous night, surprisingly as I assumed it was industry standard to charge the room even if the traveler did not show up.We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant, merely because we were too exhausted from our flight cancellation to venture to Michigan Ave. I would not recommend the restaurant- the fare was standard but the service was slow. This isn't a restaurant that locals would choose to go to, but isn't that a standard hotel restaurant?The room had all the standard amenities- high-thread count sheets, 2 funky animal-print bathrobes, Aveda products, but the highlight was the fabulous windowseat. I spent many times just sitting in the cushioned window, looking out at the river and the &quot;corncob&quot; towers. The window was HUGE and with it came major drafts, but the curtains were thick and helped alleviate the draft.Another minor fun perk were the delicious hard candies at the front desk. We'd stay here again, definitely. The location was choice, close to everything (the L, Millenium Park, the Chicago Cultural Center, some fabulous local establishments such as Moonstruck Chocolates on Michigan Ave and Intelligentsia Coffee on Randolph, and the Loop).	
Dec 7 2006	Very comfortable	Living in the far west Chicago suburbs, I am often offered hotel rooms in the downtown area to use during particularly busy times, trade shows, etc. Having stayed in several boutique hotels, mostly in the River North area, I have found none better than the Hotel Monaco. The room was cleaned thoroughly every day, staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, and the room was quite large and very comfortably furnished. The view from the corner suite was outstanding and I enjoyed lounging on the oversized window seats. I felt like a VIP at this hotel and would not hesitate to stay again.	
Nov 28 2006 	Just a standard downtown hotel	My wife and I booked a room for four nights on Thanksgiving weekend and I am not suprised that this hotel has sunken in the TA rankings as of late. The location is fine and rooms are quiet enough but we had a few complaints. The biggest problem is that the windows don't open - not even a crack. The recycled air was very dry and made the room a little stuffy. The cleaning service (as mentioned in previous reviews) was not great - bed turndown was inconsistent and parts of the room seemed untouched. There was peeling and scratched wallpaper and the caulking around the bathtub was a little moldy and stained. The reception staff was inconsistent as well. The concierge service wasn't the most professional.Having said all this, I need to say that the rate I recieved from Hotwire was very reasonable. I find it hard to call this hotel substandard because compared with other downtown &quot;four-star&quot; establishments in Chicago, it was no different. However, the higher rates one pays when conventions are in town would have left us disappointed. I don't see any reason to choose this Kimpton over, say, the Hotel Intercontinental.	
Nov 14 2006 	Good but could be improved	Generally really like Kimpton. Have stayed in fabulous one in Portland and another in NYC. Hotel Monoco was OK but has some annoying weaknesses. Pros: Great Beds, Good linens and robes and towels. Clean rooms and obliging, if not always pro-active staff. Fabulous location.Cons: Had to constantly ask for extra towels, usually in a Kimpton a record is kept of preferences. Sometimes we got turn down, sometimes not. One day even with service sign, room was not made up till well after 2 and then only when I asked at desk. Staff while cooperative was not really into personalized service.Room next to ours had put their fish out in hall where it stayed for days while housekeeping staff ignored it. Finally, after I complained that fish was neglected, it was picked up.Worst con is adjacent restaurant. Very mediocre rather standard hotel dfare, quite overpriced. Breakfasts all had to be ordered a la carte. Staff always seemed rushed and overwhelmed. Not up to standards of other Kimpton associated restaurants.Because of general room comfort, cleanliness and location would probably stay there again.	
Nov 3 2006	Never again	Dear TripAdvisor: You have put this hotel on your Travelers' Choice list but maybe you should rethink that decision. My husband wanted to surprise me for my 40th birthday by staying overnight in downtown Chicago. He booked a room for one night, Friday October 27th, and asked for a room on the top floor with the best view. We arrived early -at 11:00 a.m.- and were told the room wouldn't be ready until 3:00. They told us we could check in our bag and they would call our cell phone when the room was ready. We paid to check in the bag and left to do sightseeing and shopping. Although no one had called, we returned at 3:00 and retrieved our bag. The room was still not ready. Now we were told by the manager that the guests had paid to stay in the room until 5:00 p.m. so it wouldn't be ready until 6 p.m. by the time housekeeping cleaned it. They offered another room on a lower floor without the best view. I asked what the rate would be and was told it was the same. We looked at it. The view was disappointing. Since they were going to charge us the same rate we decided to wait for the better room we had originally been promised. We paid to check in our bag again. We spoke to the concierge for recommendations on where to kill some time until our room was ready. He gave us a card for a free appetizer at the hotel's adjoining restaurant, Water Street. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and appetizers- a flatbread pizza and 2 &quot;sliders&quot;, items the bartender described as the special appetizers of the day. When we presented the coupon with our order she said she could not honor it for the flatbread because that &quot;is not really an appetizer. It's just what we happen to be serving today.&quot; But she could apply it toward the sliders-$1 each. We told her to call the concierge next door. She spoke to him over the phone out of our earshot. She agreed to honor it for the flatbread but asked if we wanted the special one she had previously described or the one &quot;with just the cheese.&quot; I was ready to go back to the hotel and return the &quot;free&quot; appetizer coupon if it was going to be that painful for them to honor it.  We were done at the restaurant around 4:30. Feeling like we were wasting our day, we went out again. At 7:10 p.m. still no one had called us. We went back to the hotel and asked if our room was ready yet. The girl behind the desk looked confused. Yes it was ready. I asked why no one had called us. She had no answer. During this conversation, the manager was present and he also offered no explanation why we had not been called.  Once we were finally in the room we felt we should have a late check out to make up for the time we had to wait. I called the desk and spoke with the same girl we had just checked in with. She informed me the latest we would be allowed to check out was 2:00 p.m. I told her that was not satisfactory since when we tried to check in earlier we were told late check out was at 3. She put me on hold, returned and said we could check out at 3.  Finally in the room and unpacked, I attempt to take a shower and no soap! I called the desk again. Housekeeping arrived shortly with 4 bars! I'm not trying to get extra soap. I don't think one bar of soap is too much to ask. Everything about our stay at Hotel Monaco went wrong and it could have so easily been fixed with an apology or a reduced room rate. There was nothing special about this hotel that would make us return or recommend it.	
Oct 29 2006	Great	I bid a room on Priceline and got the Hotel Monaco. The staff of the hotel was EXTREMELY helpful from directions, telling about hotel services, etc. Very friendly... The were a nice change of pace from the typical hotel these days. Nice to have free Wi-fi. I found the location to be great.	
Oct 29 2006 	Best Chicago Hotel we have ever stayed in	We have stayed in other boutique hotels in Chicago, a national chain and a different Kimpton here in Chicago....this by far is the nicest and best maintained of the hotels.The staff is outstanding, the room beautiful, the food excellent. I have nothing but great things to say about our stay here. We are staying here for a week next month and are looking forward to it!	
Oct 6 2006 	Apathetic Staff Not High Class Service	I have a great love for Kipton Inns, this one does not even come close to the type of service I expect. It's 3:00 I have just returned to my room, and it is still not cleaned, despite the fact that the service hanger has been sitting on my door all day. I called to the front desk but they said &quot;there is no guarantee when they will get to my room&quot; Also my minibar was not stocked proper on arrival, (Only 2 beers) I called the front desk to notify them and the next day the fridge had one beer! I went to the front desk about this, the next morning and they said &quot;it would be cheaper to just get supplies across the street.&quot; If I cared about cheaper, do you think I would being paying $450/night to stay in this hotel? Also, their was no room service menu in my room, when I called to get one, they gave me attitude and argued with me. This place is not worth the money, despite the nice decor and great views of Chicago.	
Oct 5 2006 	4th Visit 	Again, we found this hotel excellent: great views, large room + spacious bath + window seats + the friendly goldfish available upon request. Very helpful concierge &amp; doormen. Centrally located. Return guests get bargain rates.	
Oct 2 2006	We had a few problems	First let me say, the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I'd hoped. There are some other problems; the furnishings are quite rundown, and housekeeping wasn't very helpful.We booked a suite and the sofa bed, chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use. I've attached pictures, so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows. Comfortable it was not! The chair bottom is all broken down too. I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture, and a slight adjustment was made in our rate. As to housekeeping, we had ordered an in-room coffee service (which Kimpton's web site says is there, but you have to specifically request) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee. We had to call the front desk every day. And, housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl. I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded. These things may not matter to you, but if you plan to spend a week, like we did, you might want to be comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were superior; just the living room was bad.	
Sep 11 2006 	Would stay here again!	Hotel (and the city of Chicago) was very clean. Hotel and room decor/furnishing was beautiful and functional. Housekeeping (both morning and turn down service) was excellent. All staff members were very friendly and helpful. Wine hour is an added bonus.This is a fabulous hotel with excellent service.	
Aug 29 2006	Hotel Monaco As good as everyone says	After reading so many great reviews I booked the Hotel Monaco and was not disappointed. I booked through their web site about 2 1/2 months prior to arrival for $170/night plus tax for a room with 2 queens. The location was perfect - right by the river near Michigan Ave. - minutes walk to the El, Millenium Park, the Theater District and Shopping. The room was clean, a little larger than standard and nicely decorated. We had window seats in the room with a view of the river. There was Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. To top it off, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great place!	Can't say enough good things about this place. From the wine reception, friendly staff, great location, funky room with amazing water pressure in the shower---It's all good.	
Aug 22 2006 	Nice Hotel for Girls Getaway weekend.	I was in charge of finding a hotel for 11 ladies that were coming from all different parts of the US to see Chicago. We had picked the plastics convention weekend in June when many hotels were booked up in November . I made my reservations over the phone directly with the hotel for 1 MEDITERRANEAN SUITE which had a king size bed and a pull out sofa bed in the sitting area. There is also a huge hot tub with jets. In addition to the suite I booked 2 double queen rooms, one which was supposed to be adjoining to the suite. (That didn't work out but the manager sent a note of apology and two free bottles of wine to the suite.) In downtown Chicago double queen rooms are hard to find most are double/double. The suite was $340 a night and the double queens where $274 with a AAA discount. I thought the rates were high but actually this was less than the going rate for most of the hotels in the downtown area for that weekend.  All the ladies liked my choice of this hotel for several reasons. First, was the FRIENDLIEST BELL SERVICE we had ever encountered. They were dressed comfortably and all seemed to enjoy helping us. We laughed and joked with them as we gathered in the front of the hotel and found every one of them to be pleasant. Second, was the LOCATION of this hotel. Whether the ladies flew in at O'hare or Midway they were able to take a train to a station that was only 4 blocks from the hotel. Some ladies jogged along the lake front in the morning as far as Buckingham Fountain. In the afternoon it was an easy walk to Michigan Ave for shopping. We took the subway to a White Sox game and again it was a short walk back to the hotel. Marshall Field's was also just a few blocks away. Third, were the WINDOW SEATS in each room. The suite had three of them. We all gathered in the suite and several of us could sit in the window together. We had a nice view looking at the lights of the city. (The Trump construction project was also part of the view. ) Fourth, the LITTLE TOUCHES. Free chocolate chip cookies in the lobby, as good as the ones Midwest Airlines serves. A free wine happy hour in the cozy lobby lounge. The big fluffy animal print robes. Spa type shampoo, conditioner etc. Fifth, the restaurant manager who lent us his martini glasses to use for one night in our room. Sixth, the cleaning staff was great. There wasn't a spot of dirt or dust in any of the rooms.   I didn't rate the hotel as excellent because we didn't get the room set up the way we wanted. If they had given us the adjoining queen room we probably wouldn't have gotten complaints from the rooms next to us for talking and laughing too loudly. Also the actual concierge misdirected us to the correct train station and was not very helpful when I asked about a boat tour down the river that included the Sears Tower. I had found the information on the Hotel Monaco web site under the concierge tab but the actual concierge couldn't find it for me when I was there. It was Shoreline Sightseeing. The bell staff guys gave much better directions and eating recommendations.  Our experience with the hotel front desk staff and management was very pleasant. I would recommend this hotel for a group of women, but not a group that would want to party past midnight. The mediterranean suite with the hot tub would be a great room for a romantic night with the hubby too.	
Aug 22 2006 	Good Chicago Hotel	I stayed at the Monaco for 3 nights on business. The hotel is centrally located, in the downtown &quot;business district&quot; and is a short walk from Michigan Avenue shopping. PROS:- The rooms are an average size for a major city but well laid out. The signature large Kimpton desk with 2 chairs was useful and my standard King room had two comfy chairs, one with a nice ottoman. - The beds are incredibly comfortable, as you would expect from a Kimpton hotel.- The mini bar is large - this is important to me when I travel, as I like to remove the overpriced water and snacks and place my own inside.- The staff was warm and welcoming and check-in and check-out were both easy.CONS:- My room (I am a Kimpton In Touch member) faced a dark air shaft. While this was nice due to the lack of noise, there was no natural light whatsoever.- Because the windows don't open the smoking rooms REEKED of smoke. I am a light smoker and usually request a smoking room. The second I stepped off the elevator I realized I was on a smoking &quot;floor&quot; as the smoke hit my like a punch in the face.Overall it was an excellent Kimpton experience and I'd definitely stay here again.	
Aug 21 2006 	Definitely Recommend	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco this past weekend based on the reviews from TripAdvisor. It definitely met and exceeded our expectations. The location was in a terrific spot - a few blocks from the train station and walking distance to nightlife/Michigan Ave/etc. After a day out exploring, we arrived back at the hotel around 6p and took advantage of the wine reception. In the mornings, there was a short line of people filling up on the Starbucks coffee. The two best things about our room was the window box seat - we both could sit up there and look outside and people watch. The next best thing was the bed - very comfortable and gave us a good nights rest. Oh, and the price was very reasonable for the room size, the location. The concierge also directed us to some fabulous lounges to have a drink at in the evening. Would recommend this hotel to almost anyone!	
Aug 20 2006 	Exceeded Expectations!	Great hotel in a convenient location. I would stay at again.Pros: Nice staff, retains its historical beauty alongside clean, spacious, and stunningly decorated rooms. Cool lounge, too. Plus they offer fresh-brewed Starbucks in the morning (sorry, no Continental breakfast, just cups o' joe). Cons: Parking is $38 a night but maybe that;s the prevailing rate for the Loop. Also, Priceline made a crapload off me... I got the hotel for a $200 a night bid (with close to $40 extra in taxes) but the hotel bill revealed a $109 a night charge. Next time I'll try to phone the hotel directly before bidding with Priceline, although I have a feeling that the hotel already had committed a set of rooms to Priceline at a certain point.	
Aug 9 2006 	Very nice without being pretentious	My power went out during last week's heatwave, so rather than sleep in the bathtub I got a room at the Hotel Monaco on Priceline.I knew of the Monaco, had eaten in the restaurant downstairs, knew the location, etc. I figured that if the room was half as good as the photos looked (and the AC worked) I would be very happy.The room was huge, as was the bathroom. The linens were all top quality. The colors were rich and soothing. It was much better than I expected.It was very convenient for my commute to the suburbs for work, but was right by all the theaters and shopping in downtown. And the AC was fantastic!	
Aug 4 2006	Nice Hotel but NOT pet friendly	My mom and I were roadtripping with my dog (a yorkshire terrier.) Our goal while on this trip, was to stay at nice hotels that would also accomodate my dog. We have stayed at way too many roadside Holiday Inns and thought we would bump it up a notch this time. We booked the Hotel Monaco due to the great reviews from Trip Advisor and the Hotel's own &quot;Pet Friendly&quot; section on their website. I am sorry to say, that other than the great adjoining restaurant, Hotel Monaco severly disappointed. My two main greivances are: 1. they are NOT pet friendly. I expect a 'pet friendly' hotel to have some place to actually walk your dog. Yes, I realize this hotel is in a downtown area, but on our travels, Mom and I stayed in Nashville, St. Louis and Atlanta. All major cities - and all had places to walk your dog. Hotel Monaco had nothing close by. There is a Vietnam Veteran's Memorial with quite a bit of grass that people took to using for walking their dogs, but the hotel warned us and others that it wasn't safe to do that. Sure enough, many bums use this area as their sleeping quarters in the evening hours. The only other pet friendly green space was blocks and blocks away. Neither my mom or I relished travelling the many dark, sweltering blocks in order to walk my dog. I would never stay at the Monaco again with a pet! The second major greivance I have is that my room was RIGHT NEXT to the El. Now part of my problem could be that I am not a native and so I am just not used to the sound of the EL at night, but I didn't sleep a wink! The El runs and runs and runs (and makes the most horrible squeaking sound!) Terrible!The hotel itself is interestingly decorated, and was teeming with young, hip types who were likely in town for sightseeing and shopping. If this is why you are staying here, get a room NOT on the EL side of the building, and you might have a great time. If you are a family, or are travelling with a pet, or are unfortunate enough to be on the EL side of this hotel...good luck!	
Aug 4 2006 	Good Choice No Regrets	I'm a fan of the Kimpton hotels - this is one of three in Chicago. The location is good for someone who wants to be in the middle - to be able to pick a direction and go. Shopping is all around, Millennium Park and the Art Institute are an easy walk. If you want to be in the glitzy, bustling area - this isn't it. But I like a quieter retreat after a long day in the big city.The staff was great, the restaurant is average and the rooms were comfortable, but with flaws in the design - meaning tables were in the way, the bathroom was arranged awkwardly, etc. The air-conditioning was great - the elevators were fast - and wi-fi was complimentary. It is indeed a pricey stay, but well worth the bucks.	
Jul 17 2006	Close to great but still very good	Just stayed for 2 nights in a Mediteranean suite with my wife. The hotel is pleasant and we would probably stay again. The staff was fantastic and the room was comfortable. The restaurant was good but not great. The only complaint about the room was that the bathroom wasn't very functional. It isn't huge to begin with but the majority of it is dominated by the enortmous tub - very nice. Unfortunately that leaves little room for the seperate shower and the toilet is tucked behind the door in an akward fashion. Still a great value for the money and it is in the middle of everything.	
Jul 6 2006	Monaco was great	I stayed with my teenage daughter and niece at the Hotel Monaco June 30-July 2. I printed out directions, we were coming from the Field Museum, but after 1 turn the street was blocked off for Taste of Chicago. So, it took us about an hour driving around downtown in Friday rush hour traffic stuck behind a bus, but we finally found it. We opted for the valet parking at 36 dollars a night. It seemed high, but when I checked with a nearby parking garage the fee was 27 dollars for 24 hours, so the extra few dollars was worth the convenience. Check in was painless, and our bellman was very pleasant. I thought he was going to unpack our luggage for us! The room was huge, two queen beds, etc, but no window seat, which was my determining factor for choosing this hotel over it's sister hotel, the Burnham. I called down to the front desk, and the very efficient clerk assured me that I had a really nice room and I should stick with it. If i wanted to switch to a room with the window seats, it may not be as large, and I may not get two beds. I didn't feel like making a fuss, so we stayed with our non view room. As I said, it was quite large, with 2 small tables with chairs, two comfy armchairs, one with an ottoman, and the cabinet in the corner with tv, honor bar, and cd player. The bathroom was especially large also, with nice size tub and shower. I was happy to see the magnifying makeup mirror, but the bulb must have been burned out. The extras like cotton balls and cotton swabs were provided, that was a nice touch. I signed up for the Kimpton customer loyalty program, and was pleasantly surprised to receive a tray shortly after we got to our room with a personalized card, a bottle of Fiji water, and a biscotti, as well as a complimentary menu item should we go to the restaurant. The beds were comfortable, one had a down comforter, one had a blanket. The decorative pillows were kind of stained and gross, but we always just toss those to the side as soon as we get into the room anyhow, so no big deal. We faced out onto an alley, and the first night I was awakened by garbage pickup in that alley, never heard a peep from other guests though. I didn't take advantage of the wine reception in the evenings, or Starbucks in the morning, but other people seemed to be enjoying them. We were in the room the first night when the turn down attendent came, so she just left ice and candy. The second night we got back late, and I was expecting to come back to a dark room. I was pleasantly surprised to come into a dimly lit room with the relaxation channel on the tv, and a chocolate surprise on the pillow. We had a problem with the toilet not flushing efficiently, and practically before I could hang up the phone, an engineer was there, plunger in hand, and had the problem taken care of. When I returned home, I received an online survey to fill out. I dutifully fill those out, as I have gotten them at other hotels I've stayed in. I was honest, and to my surprise I got an email back from the manager saying he was sorry my stay wasn't flawless, and should I stay there again, make my reservations directly with him, and he would do everything in his power to make sure I got my 2 beds plus the window seats. That was refreshing. I've had major problems at other hotels before, and no response back from management. To have this personal reply to my minor disappointment made the difference for me between looking at another hotel among the many fine ones in downtown Chicago, or going back to the Monaco. To sum it up, the location was great for the theatre, 3 blocks to theatre where Wicked is playing. Garrett's popcorn is right next to the theatre, Marshall Fields is right there.... We'd planned on going to Water Tower place for shopping, but ended up in that same little area of State Street every day. There was plenty to do. So, try the Monaco. The staff are so friendly and efficient, and their commitment to customer service is exemplary.	
Jul 2 2006	Outstanding hotel great value for price excellent service	After our wedding, we went to Chicago because did not have much vacation time (we are in Minneapolis). From the monent we walked into the lobby to our last day, our experience was outstanding:Special package that includes daily chilled champaige (including ice in a bucket and 2 flutes), daily box of Marshall Fields chocolates, dairly romantic music CD, daily coupon for room service breakfast from the hotel restaurant, and daily gift certificates to Victoria's Secret.Room: -Mediterranean Suite- enter into a main room that has a sofa bed, TV, computer desk with highspeed (though we used the wireless network via our laptop). It has 2 bay windows with a cushion so that 2 people can sit comfortably and enjoy the view of the river. That room connects to the bedroom, which has 2 similar bay windows with a seating cushion as well as a TV. The bathroom is connected to the bedroom and in pristine condition and includes a jazucci. -assortment of CDs, unique chocolates/snacks, chicago maps, etc in the room bar-daily cleaning, though the staff always respected 'Do Not Disturb' signs and happily agreed to come back at a later time when request-Aveda productsCheckout: late checkout (early afternoon rather than in the morning)Services: -Restaurant in the hotel for room services and dining: we only used it for breakfast, which was good but nothing special. However, there are a plethora of dining options nearby and a taxi ride away so it does not really matter where you stay in Chicago.-Concierge: knowledgable, friendly, many guide books-quickly fixed any problems with the room (lightbulb fused) and answered questions-Doorman-Lobby personel were always friendly and helpful and made you feel like a individual patron rather than someone lost among the masses, as can happen in larger hotels Transportation: Loop El trains, including Brown line; free chicago shuttles along Mag Mile; taxi hailed by the doormanLocation: in the loop area, by the chicago river, never concerned about safety	
Jun 10 2006	Excellent hotel	We stayed for two nights over the Memorial weekend, unfortunately we had to leave on the Saturday. I booked this hotel based on the reviews and I also managed to get a very good rate. We liked the friendly relaxed attitude of the hotel and the staff, easy check in and we changed rooms as the original option on the 9th floor had no view, we were offered a room on the 4th floor which is the smoking floor. As ex smokers this did not bother us but you could smell smoke when you came out of the elevator, also in the room a little bit. The view was much better this time though, almost at the corner with a nice view over the river. We ate in the restaurant on the first night and it was OK if nothing else.As others have said the location is great as you can walk easily to the places of interest, a great option for breakfast is the Old Timers Diner which is just around the corner, the dorrman told us about this place and it was just what we were looking for. We just made the end of one of the wine receptions,which were good and the Starbucks in the morning was a nice touch. In summary a great hotel and was not hesitate to book Kimton hotels again.	
Jun 8 2006 	Really nice boutique hotel	I just spent 3 nights at the Monaco early in June and was extremely happy with this hotel. This is a medium size hotel, not overwhelming like too many giant business hotels in Chicago. The design is really nice and my room was quite large and comfortable. Bed was perfect, bathroom was OK, free Internet access very convenient, the big plus in my opinion was the large window with an alcove that provides prime views of the river. Spent hours there watching the activity on the street and the buildings around. Downtown location was convenient, not too far from multiple shopping destinations and from the new Millenium park (outstanding!). I wasn't blown away by the service but it was fine overall. All in all, I found this hotel a great value for the location, design and comfort. Will certainly go back.	
May 30 2006	Sorry - have to disagree on this one	I am usually one to agree with the masses and typically agree with fellow raters on TripAdvisor...but I can't agree on this one. I will preface this by saying it is possible that it is just due to the holiday weekend and the hotel being booked full, but we will not give it another chance to see.Arrival: Doorman literally just looked at us coming in with our luggage (we had to walk from down the street due to the parade). There was no offer to try and get the door or to even help us with the luggage. I thought that was a litte strange, but okay, whatever.Check-in: Perky girl at the front starts checking me in and then says &quot;oh, no...what do I do?&quot; Sorry, can't help you there! The young man next to her tells her our room is not ready and we can preregister. My husband and I were not upset at all that the room was not ready because we were there several hours before check-in. However, this young man looks at us and tells us &quot;we can't just kick them out you know!&quot; NOW I'm getting a little nervous that this is going to be the hotel from....but, we laughed and said that we understood and they said they will call us when the room is ready. We left, ate, walked the entire Mag Mile, sat at the Vet Memorial..la di dah...no calls...finally, at check-in time I ask a less perky girl if the room might be ready. She says &quot;no&quot;. I mean, nothing else so I said well do you have an estimate? She said no, its hard to tell. I could go on, but lets just say that we finally were helped by an older gentlemen who was WONDERFUL. He called housekeeping got our room ready and we were in only an HOUR after check-in time.Room: Next time I won't ask about the room and maybe they will actually clean it. There was a mess left from the previous guest(s). Wrappers, plastic tags and lots of hair in the bathroom. UGH. To think we paid $309 for a Med Suite and actually had to inspect the sheets to see if they were cleaned. The couch had 'stains' (I won't go there) and the floor had lots of little puddle stains. I know they are pet friendly, but this seemed a little much. The shower was extremely small and you had to do some strange maneuvering with the bathroom door to get to it and the toilet. However, we did enjoy their bathroom amenities and their cute minibar offerings. Nice view of the Chicago River, State Street and Wabash. Restaurant: South Water Kitchen was actually pretty good. We ate twice in the restaurant and once as room service. It was pretty basic fare but it was all very good. Location: we liked where the Hotel Monaco is located. It was an easy walk to the Mag Mile, theater district, pretty much anywhere we wanted to go. The only thing I would suggest is if you are going to Chicago strictly to shop then the location may be out of the way. I can't imagine having a lot of shopping bags and not being able to drop them off occasionally. If shopping is your passion I would suggest staying on Michigan Ave somewhere such as the Intercontinental.In summary, I did not hate the Hotel Monaco. I think their front desk personnel needs training in basic customer service skills and their housekeepers (at least the ones on the third floor) could use some retraining. However, it was a whimsical hotel with cute touches and does offer a complimentary wine reception in the evening.	
May 28 2006	Nice 	Stayed in the Monaco for Memorial day weeekend with our 2 kids (ages 4 AND 11). Loved the location, the decor and the goldfish! The complimentary evening wine reception and morning Starbucks and chocolates or sweets at turn down were great! It was nice to see pets in the hotel too. It is clean and beautiful and wonderful decor! We had a whirlpool suite (room 405 for $289 per night internet deal) which encompassed 2 large rooms plus bath included a living room with tv in armoir (and minibar and honor bar), desk with phone and lamp, stone coffee table, 2 comfy armchairs and a hide-a-bed sofa adjoining a HUGE master suite with tv in armoir, huge meditation window seats, queen size bed with feather duvets, large paisley arm chair &amp; ottoman, &amp; phone. Bath has HUGE DEEP whirlpool tub AND shower and concrete sink - COOL - with granite top. Our room was next to ice machine which was convenient and hidden so not noisy. Nice Aveda bath products in bath... wonderful. The negatives were few but will mention - $7 lovely brightly tissue covered bath balls next to tub beckoned children to throw them in at parents' chagrin! Overpriced honor bar with cute little stuffed toys, pringles, and candy and such that could not be moved out of kids eyeshot and reach (attached to armoir just under TV) - to parents' chagrin! We were put into a smoking room when asked for non-smoking - in hotel's defense, we did not mention and did not ask for room change and only asked upon departure whether it was smoking or not (it was smoking) and there was a mix up for which they apologized profusely. Also, wallpaper torn where chair rubbed it in livingroom - no big deal but looks shabby. they need to repair and get chair rail. The room service took way too long, cost way too much and was mediocre. The delivery guy complained that the hotel took 1/2 of his tips and held out his hand for more (on top of the 18% already charged to the bill)! The parking was high $36 per night - oh well... it's Chicago and probably not unreasonable for the area. The huge plusses besides the ones already mentioned, the staff was great! The restaurant was nice with outdoor seating area too, better than room service. The concierge was very helpful. My son puked in the night and the housekeeping staff was really helpful with extra linens and no complaints (how do they do it???) Overall, I'd have to say great stay.	
May 24 2006	The Monaco is First Rate	We stayed at the Monaco for four days the middle of May. We had never stayed in a Klimpton hotel but booked the Monaco based on customer reviews. We were pleased with our decision. From the doorman to the desk clerk to the bellman all were friendly and helpful. There was a real effort to make guests feel welcome. Our room was first class. The bed was very comfortable as were the the linens. The closet was bigger than most hotels. The bathroom was clean and the towels thick. We both liked the shower and never had a problem with hot water running out. The television had an adequate number of channels and had good reception. We were on the fifth floor above Wabash but had no problem with street noise. I would have preferred an in-room coffee maker but there was Starbucks coffee in the lobby every morning. A selection of newspapers in the lobby included the Chicago Tribune, the Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times. USA Today was at your door in the morning. The location of the Monaco is a plus, It's one block off Michigan and a short walk across the river to the Magnificent Mile. We will look for a Klimpton property on future trips and the Monaco when we make it back to Chicago	
May 20 2006	Thank god for jacuzzi tubs	My husband and I stayed in one of the &quot;Mediterranean Suites&quot; and it was lovely! Not overly swank, but comfortable, with a pretty decor and two unbeatable features--a great two-person jacuzzi and deep, wide, curtained-off window seats where you could sit and read or look out at the river. You really can't find that anyplace else in Chicago for the price. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 18 2006	Way too cute 	Wonderful stay ... from the doorman to the housekeeping service, they couldn't have been nicer ... room upgraded before i even asked .... fun eclectic decor and couldn't resist the mix cd. Room overlooked Marina City and the river, beautiful especially at night, the window seats are fun and cozy to sit and watch the city. Only drawback, beds were on the hard side, that being said will stay there again if i can afford it!	
May 4 2006 	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at!	I spent 4 nights at the wonderful Hotel Monaco on a business trip. What a great place at the government rate! The location was perfect--within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile, Millenium Park and the Art Institute of Chicago. The decor of the hotel and the rooms is spectacular--quite funky and refreshing. The room was comfortable and clean with a nice view of the river (#809). The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, especially Barnette the doorman. Knowing how hungry I was for Chicago information, the concierge literally went out of her way to meet and greet me with suggestions. The wine served during the afternoon reception was Grade A! No cheap swill. I will definitely hunt out Kimpton Hotels during future visits to American's large cities! (I just wish I had my digital camera for photos to show you.)	
Apr 18 2006	Happy Easter at the Monaco	We spent Easter weekend at the Monaco with our 3 young kids and had a fabulous time. The Monaco was very kid friendly, staff were great, and we loved the location. Especially cool are the unique windows...they are practically a separate room all to themselves and we loved the in-room goldfish. A neat touch. We will definitely stay again. Thanks Monaco for a great weekend!	
Apr 17 2006	Nice Stay	Stayed at the Monaco for one night on business. I hadn't stayed at a Kimpton property before and was pleasantly surprised. Extremely friendly check-in staff, and comfortable lobby made for a homey feel. Interesting room decor. Greatly enjoyed dinner at the attached South Water Kitchen restaurant. Will stay here again.	
Mar 11 2006 	fun and whimsy at the Hotel Monaco	I just returned from two nights at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. I loved the decor of the rooms - pale green and cream striped walls, white polka dot gauzy curtains, gold upholstered chairs - it was sumptuous and luxurious-feeling, but very fun at the same time. There are cute things in the honor bar, like stuffed animals and etch-a-sketches, in addition to the usual gourmet snacks. The beds have beautiful red and gold cushioned headboards, and the staff provide wonderful little touches like bathrobes laid out on the beds, filled ice buckets, and televisions turned on to the relaxation channel when they come around for the turn-down service in the evenings. Everything was immaculately clean. My favorite part of the room was the meditation window (there were actually two in the room - one large enough to lie down in!). Once you're sitting there, you feel like you're floating above the entire city. Together, all of these elements made the experience of staying at the Hotel Monaco unlike any other. I didn't have any wine during the evening receptions, but coffee was thoughtfully laid out in the lobby in the mornings, from 6 am to 9 am. Because I was there for a conference, I really appreciated the staff's helpfulness in printing out some documents for me on the morning of my presentation, so that I didn't have to trek to a nearby Kinko's. Everything was perfect...I only wish I could have stayed longer!	
Mar 6 2006	comfortable and friendly	Comfortable room, friendly staff, wonderful location. I would stay there again.	
Feb 12 2006	Rock On	The staff and service made our stay at the Hotel Monaco unbelievable. Having gone in the off-season for a family event, the staff not only provided us a great reservation rate but then upgraded us to the Rock Star suite. This place was awesome with a CD jukebox, deep two-person whirlpool, giant king-size bed and comfortable sitting room with Keith Moon tv-through-the-window decorative piece. The relatives took a standard room and found it just as clean, quaint and comfortable...if less raucus. I can't say enough great things about our stay at the Monaco. The valets were lightning quick in retrieving the car on the busy, snowy downtown street. The desk and bell staffs were attentive and sincere. The complimentary evening wine tastings were relaxing and pleasant. There was an adjacent independent restuarant with suitable food and a range of other choices just a cab jump away. Ditto for sightseeing.Even if season rates are higher than you may prefer, I'd advise indulging in the Monaco and trying out a different style of hotel service.	
Feb 8 2006	We stay here and we live in the Suburbs of Chicago!	Whenever my husband and I have a special night we stay at the Hotel Monaco. We have had Valentine's Day and New Years Eve there. We have had out of town guests stay there as well as in town guests! The customer service is second to none and the rooms are incredible and spotless. We eat breakfast in the hotel when we stay and the food is always very good. Good choice and nice location. It is not as loud as other truly downtown Chicago hotels. Beware of the parking charge, even if you do not have a car.	
Jan 31 2006	Bachelorettes loved the Monaco	We went to the Hotel Monaco with 3 girlfriends for a Bachelorette Party. As the organizer, I appeciated the friendly demeanor of the in-house reservations team. I felt that the price was very reasonable for it's downtown location. We loved the individuality of this hotel over cookie-cutter hotels. The decorating was very nice, and the the goldfish and leopard-print robes were a fun addition. We enjoyed the large window seat overlooking the river. The bathroom was nice and spacious- definitely a plus when 4 women are getting ready to hit the town. Unfortunately, we were out shopping during the complementary wine reception and weren't up early enough to enjoy the complementary Starbuck's Coffee! The concierge was very helpful with planning where to go out for the evening, and she supplied us with plenty of free passes. We all can't wait to go back!!!	
Jan 31 2006 	Amazing place to stay	The Hotel Monaco is probably my favorite hotel in Chicago and one of the best hotels I've stayed in anywhere. The location is excellent - walking distance to the Loop for business, Michigan Avenue for shopping, and River North for dining. It's not too far from subway stations. Cabs are relatively cheap in Chicago, so it's easy to get around.I got lucky: it was a slow week when I stayed there and I was upgraded to a huge suite as a Kimpton member. The room came with plush robes and Hershey's minatures on the pillow. The bathroom had ample space for all my toiletries. The bed was excellent, and I'm a picky sleeper. I especially liked the window seat. My minor quibbles: The suite, while very spacious, was a bit oddly laid out. &quot;Interesting&quot; use of space is a common issue with boutique hotels. I happen to like funky rooms, but I can see how others might not. The closet was near the door, away from the bedroom and bathroom, which is a bit inconvenient in a suite. The desk was placed in the sitting area in a way that sort of blocked the entrance to the bedroom. It was also kind of small and piled with Kimpton brochures and hotel info which made it kind of hard to actually use it without moving a lot of stuff around.But none of these aspects bothered me much. There is a small business center with free internet access in the hotel, so I never bothered to clean off the desk. I just had one meal at the restaurant bar, which was fine. The service at check-in was prompt and courteous. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 31 2006 	Enjoyed my stay at the Monaco	I enjoyed my stay at the Monaco mid-Jan. 2006 for a business trip. I loved the atmosphere of the hotel although unfortunately on a quick business trip I was not able to enjoy many of their amenities (the wine reception, the goldfish, etc.)I did eat at the hotel and although the food was very good the service was somewhat slow. The area was a short cab ride away to my client's offices but was convenient to get to from Midway airport via CTA train. I think my favorite part was the window seat to enjoy the view from my window. It was a great way to relax and enjoy the city.	
Jan 22 2006 	Underwhelmed	Having read the read great reviews here for the Monaco I was expecting more - especially for the high price. The hotel was only 'OK' in my view. Initial impression on arrival was uninspiring. The rooms were OK. The view from the window seat was nice. The restaurant attached (maybe separate management) was pretentious, over-priced and distinctly ordinary. The hotel never real felt close to anywhere and having to wait for the valet parking every time I wanted to go out was a pain. As I had to use the car most of the time anyway, when business or pleasure takes me to Chicago, I now usually stay out of town and save myself a small fortune.	
Dec 29 2005	We named our Goldfish Myrna!	We loved The Monaco. We arrived very early and expected the hotel to hold our bags until afternoon, but there were rooms ready and they let us checkin before 10am! On arrival we requested a goldfish, who was delivered when we returned from shopping, that afternoon. We named her Myrna.Our first night in, turn down service included a wrapped truffle and a full bucket of ice; the next night offered tootsie roll pops. Returning from shopping we were offered fresh baked cookies. This style conscious hotel is filled with little and nice surprises.The Doorman knew us by name, even though we only had one interaction, and admonished us for waiting in line at Garretts for popcorn, when he would have been happy to take care of that.I can't say enough about the concierges. We dealt with two, both women. One aptly took care of an issue with our airline, the other pointed us to shopping with discount coupons in hand.We ate breakfast at the restaurant. The food and service were good although nothing extraordinary.The rooms have a quirky feel to them. The honor bars include the usuals and items such as silly putty and stuffed goldfish souveniers.There is no question we will stay at The Monaco on return trips to Chicago. With a fantastic location and hospitable staff, it has become an all time favorite.	
Dec 28 2005	Great Hotel Fantastic Locations Friendly Staff (most of them)	I've stayed in Kimpton hotels before and the Hotel Monaco Chicago lived up to all my expectations. It's such a great location in Chicago, a few blocks from Michigan avenue and a few blocks if you want to catch a play.All the staff was extemely friendly, always stopeed and said hi, how are you enjoying your stay. The only expception to this was the female conceirge - of all the conceirges I've talked to, this one ranks up there with the rudest and most unhelpful - but it definitely didn't ruin our stay.	
Dec 23 2005	Wonderful	What a lovely find! We checked in on a Thursday evening and were invited to a warm wine reception (with good wine and a friendly sommalier) and the concierge helped us make reservations at a four star restaurant. The staff was unpretentious and courteous. Unfortunately, our babysitter called to let us know that our son had a fever of 105. We immediately had to check out but the manager said, &quot;Don't worry about the charge.&quot; We never got to stay the night but so appreciated his generosity! We will definitely reschedule!	
Dec 13 2005	The Fantabulous Monaco!	I just returned from my first trip to Chicago, and I couldn't wait to tell everyone about my stay at the Hotel Monaco.The Monaco is a small, boutique hotel located in what is possibly one of the best locations in downtown Chicago. From the moment you walk in to the small but stylish lobby, you are greeted warmly and cordially by everyone. The front desk resembles an old Louis Vuitton steamer trunk - one of many bits of whimsy you will find here. The staff is friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. Our room was clean, spacious and comfortable with a lovely view of the river. My overall first impressions lasted throughout my stay.The Monaco is about 2 blocks north of Marshall Fields, a 5 minute walk (if that) to the theater district, minutes from Michigan Avenue shopping to the northeast and the Chicago Art Institute to the southeast. Convenient to everything!The hotel is stylish without being pretentious and eco-friendly. Aveda products, animal print robes and a pet goldfish to keep you company are all at your disposal. Relax and have fun here!I will definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to anyone going to The Windy City.	
Nov 27 2005	Loved The Monaco	Lovely hotel. Friendly helpful staff. Rooms clean and spacious. Great location Comfortable beds. Cant wait to stay here again	
Nov 20 2005	Absolutely Flawless	This hotel is just fantastic. After years of staying at generic convention hotels such as the Hyatt and Marriott, I can honestly say that this is a far better option. This hotel is charming but modern, luxurious but causual, quirky but comfortable. You won't believe the amenities waiting for you in the room! Gorgeous decor - and a catalogue with everything from the towels to the lamps. We're seriously considering purchasing one of the mirrors (from our room) for our home!It's a small hotel so the relatively small staff will remember you for the duration of the stay and they will help you with absolutely anything you can imagine. Everything is brand new so of course it's sparkling and the rooms have fantastic sound-proofing. You couldn't hear the sirens from ambulences down on Wacker! Fantastic location - 3 blocks to the heart of the theatre district and Marshall Fields, 3 blocks in the other direction to the North Michigan Avenue area. Water Tower is only a 15 minute walk north and the Art Institute the same distance south. We can't WAIT to stay here again and we're recommending it to all our friends!	
Nov 18 2005	Go Go Monaco	Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter &amp; loved it. Staff were helpful &amp; friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river.Central location, 5 min walk to the EL.Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food &amp; service.I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best.Thanks Monaco, I'll be back.	
Nov 7 2005	Give this hidden gem a try	I have stayed at this hotel twice. My sister and I bring our kids to chicago for the air and water show every August. The lobby is small but very comfortable. The front desk staff is helpful and accommodating. The bellman is helpful with his knowledge about the area. The rooms are rather large and the decor is exceptional. The bathroom is clean and spacious. The kids were so excited to see a fish bowl in our room! A unique touch. I think that's why we like it so much. Not a &quot;run of the mill&quot; hotel stay. The location is bonus with the Mag Mile a 1/2 block away. We hopped on the free trolly and went to Navy Pier. I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a unique hotel in a great location with excellent staff. P.S. this hotel is pet friendly. The hotel manager brings her dog out for cocktail hour. So Cool. !!	
Oct 17 2005	FIne	This was a nice property, clean and most people friendly. Called twice for towels and never received any. Good location. Would stay somewhere else next time, just wasn't a place I would say, I'm going back to.	
Oct 10 2005	Great Stay At The Monaco	Stopped at the Monaco following recommendations from Tripadvisor and wasn't disappointed. Great location,attentive and friendly staff and comfortable rooms.Would recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 6 2005 	A wonderful Chicago Hotel	Stayed here recently on Business. Nice, attentive staff; clean and functional rooms. The lobby was inviting with fire, free newspapers and morning coffee and evening wine. The location is great and many rooms have nice view of Chicago river. They didn't have a goldfish available, but that's a minor disappointment all considered.	
Sep 16 2005	Perfect Location	The Monaco in Chicago is a perfect hotel location for business or leisure travel. The property is located walking distance to Michigan Avenue so that you can shop, dine or just wander about. The hotel itself is clean and funky...and everyone is extremly kind and helpful. The room that I was in had a two double beds, large bathroom and nice robes. The room had windows that extended out over the building, and were mini-cubbies to lay in and read or just gaze...it was a very cool place to hang out. The workout room is tiny, but efficient....and has a TV to watch while you are sweating. Starbucks and Corner Bakery are just around the corner and the hotel restaurant drew quite a lunch crowd...and the food there was really good. I love this hotel and will make it my first choice to stay when I travel to Chicago.	
Sep 16 2005	Very nice... highly recommend.	Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again.	
Sep 15 2005 	nice overall...a bit pricey	I stayed at the Monaco for five nights in March 2005. My room was a tad on the small side, but the appointments were quite nice overall, though the decor may be too whimsical for some. This is supposed to be a pet friendly hotel but I take that to mean chihuahuas and not much else. Nevertheless, I didn't hear any barking dogs. March is not exactly peak season in Chicago so the vacancy rate was probably a bit on the high side. Some of the rooms have little ledges overlooking the street, and that's kind of nice. There is a convenience store located across the street, so pretty much anything you need in terms of food and supplies can be had easily and cheaply. The location was good: El and CTA stops within walking distance if you want to come in from O'Hare or Midway. Most places near the Loop are also easy to get to. Michigan Ave is just a block and a half away.I would say that the Monaco was an above average experience, though I did not feel I got a fantastic deal for the price.	
Aug 23 2005	Service?	I love the Hotel Monaco chain (especially Seattle) but Chicago is terrible. I just stayed there August 19 - 21st and found service lacking and the staff apathetic. Both requests I made during my stay took hours. On Friday Aug 19th I requested a yoga basket for my room at 5 p.m. It arrived at 7:45 p.m. while I was dressing to leave for dinner. This was after being told &quot;we'll send one up immediately.&quot; On Saturday Aug 20th I arrived back in my room at 4 p.m. to find my hotel goldfish dead in it's bowl. I called the front desk and was told that they would send someone up &quot;immediately&quot; to get it. At 9 p.m. I took the dead goldfish and it's bowl down to the front desk myself receiving no comment from the staff at all.My pillowcases had old mascara (makeup stains) on them and were not that white and clean looking.I asked the conceirge to recommend a great Italian restaurant (it is Chicago after all). She referred me to the upscale Bennigans-like Nick and Tony's chain around the corner. On Saturday night I left the hotel to go out for the evening (single woman alone) and had to hail my own cab on the corner as the doorman couldn't be bothered.The advantage of boutique hotels over chains is service. Despite other reviews on the great service of Chicago Hotel Monaco, I didn't see any. This will definitely taint my opinion of Kimpton hotels which is unfortunate.	
Aug 23 2005	All You Could Want and More	Checked into the Hotel Monaco Chicago following an exhausting wedding (not mine, someone else's). From the valet to the bellman, concierge to the front desk - the staff was excellent and very accomodating and helpful, especially considering that they were running crazy due to the large number of guests in town for the air show that weekend.I had made reservations quite a while in advance and so had gotten a reasonably good deal ($179). Ask for a room on a high floor in a corner away from the elevator. I got room 1401 - a very large room (albeit with no view - I was looking at a brick wall) - but it was on the top floor and it was SILENT up there - no screaming children, no noisy neighbors, nothing.Considering the hotel's 4 star reputation, I would have expected a little more from the bathtub (it was smaller than my apartment tub at home), but it was clean, in good working order and had good water pressure.I ordered room service for breakfast, and although it was pricey, there are some reasonably priced options, and I HIGHLY recommend the pancakes. For $12, you get 4 enormous buttermilk pancakes with fresh fruit, real whipped cream, and real maple syrup. I also got cappucino with my breakfast and found it to be just to my liking.Overall, I got my money's worth and more from this hotel - and it is well within walking distance of the theatre district, and both shopping areas (the Mag Mile and State Street). A great find!	
Aug 9 2005 	Comfortable hotel but expensive and nothing amazing . . .	This hotel was comfortable, and the service was fine. It was fairly expensive (booked at the last minute for business travel at $249 for one night and $299 the next night). The lobby was funky, but not large. I had stayed at the 71, which is right around the corner on an earlier stay. The room I got at the 71 had a fabulous view, and I'd probably try the 71 on my next stay if I end up in the same section of town.One cool thing was the yoga channel on TV -- an endless loop of a yoga class. Unfortunately, the yoga gear that was promised (mat, accessories) was not in the room, and I didn't bother to request it.	
Aug 8 2005	wonderful hotel	as other reviewers have noted, service at his hotel was tops,the room was very nice and comfortable, including the bed. shower worked well. Bath products nice. paid 190 dollars for a room worth more. Location is good.Only complaints, on check in at a very early hour 11 am they were kind to find us rooms available at that hour,unfortunately they offered us the worst room in the hotel right across from the elevator on the 2nd floor. this was quickly changed at our request. one morning we ate at the attached restuarant and they forgot us. The food was decent.	
Jul 27 2005	Great value great location wonderful!	We stayed here back in June. Celebrated our 5 years anniversery in Chicago and reserved a suite with a jacuzzi. The price of the suite was very reasonable, considering up a few more blocks north on Michigan Ave on the Magnificent Mile would've cost about a couple of hundred dollars more per night. The location was great. Just a short distance between the Magnificent Mile up north and the musuems down south on Michigan Ave.The people who worked there were very friendly and helpful. The suite has a FANTASTIC view. We're planning on coming up to Chicago again shortly and plan on staying here. Next time though, we're taking our dogs with us. Did I mention this place is dog friendly? ;-)	
Jul 13 2005	Places to Stay in chicago Embassy Suites 	I am pleased to say I have stayed in a lot of hotels but The Monaco is very affordable, a very nice comfortable, and relaxing hotel with the suites there are jacuzzis in the bathroom and close to clubs restaurants and magnificent Michigan Avenue. I recently stayed at the Embassy suites and it is also very comfortable, affordable and relaxing the lobby is outstanding when you walk in it seems like your still outside it has more of a party atmosphere than a lobby. There is a great restaurant right downstairs and it is also located by the nightlife chicago has to offer. If your looking for affordable plus comfortable these to places are definitely places you would like to stay.	
Jul 7 2005	FANTASTIC hotel--very fun stay	My extended family stayed at the Hotel Monaco to celebrate a wedding in the city. We were not disappointed.Every aspect of the hotel was wonderful. The eclectic decor, the friendly staff, the free coffee in the mornings and wine in the evenings, the comfortable lobby--this hotel has all the elements of an excellent boutique property. The rooms have large window seats, excellent for reading, relaxing, or just watching the busy Chicago traffic.The concierge gave us excellent tips on nearby eateries, and helped members of our party find their way to the museums. I would echo other reviewers in saying that the hotel's restaurant, the South Water Kitchen, was disappointing. The food was less than stellar, and overpriced, and the service slow.The hotel, however, was outstanding. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 5 2005	Charming Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Monaco for a weekend getaway. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful with suggestions for dining, transportation, etc. The hotel room itself had lots of character and was very charming. The only downfall to our trip was the hotel's restaurant, the Southwater Kitchen. We waited 45 minutes for our breakfast to be served in the restaurant and finally got up and left. I'd definitely stay here again!	
Jun 24 2005	Anniversary Surprise!	For our anniversary my wife surprised me with a stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. We had an awesome time there. The room (suite) was spacious and the whirlpool tub for 2 was a nice touch. Both the bedroom and living room were fun and eclectically furnished. We got a lot of use out of the window seats overlooking the river (Chicago River) in our corner room. The staff was great and the valet guy was the best (not to mention he went to U of M Duluth...where we live!). We look forward to staying there again.	
Jun 20 2005	Enjoyed our stay!	Our stay at Hotel Monaco over Memorial Day weekend was very nice. The staff was wonderful...very helpful and friendly. We flew on a red-eye flight from San Diego and therefore arrived at the hotel very early in the morning. The front desk staff was willing to check us in early, if we were willing to go for a king size bed, and we would have a view of the river, too. Unfortunately because it was two friends travelling together, we opted to wait until the afternoon to check in, so that we could have two double beds. The rooms were adoreable, and the beds extremely comfortable with down duvets. There are two window seats in the room, which made for some great relax time, especially with a view of the river and the city. The bell staff and conciege were also very friendly and helpful and gave us some good recommendations for dining / jazz clubs / etc. While in Chicago, try RUMBA restaurant on hubbard street. It was unbelievable with live music and dancing on Saturday night. Make a reservation and dress well...it's pricey but very well worth it. b	
Jun 19 2005	Terrific place!	This was our first trip to Chicago. The Monaco was fabulous. Check in and check out were simple. At check-in we asked for and were given a room with a view of the river. Very romantic room, good sized with beautiful decor. Afternoon wine was great - wish we had been less shy and had taken advantage of chair massage they offered. Concierge was great - got us reservation at the classy restaurant at John Hancock building for fireworks at the last minute. Location, location, location was fabulous. Easy access to museums, Magnificent Mile, river cruises, Millenium Park. Major sights are very walkable from hotel even with blisters from ill-fitting shoes or easily accessible by bus from Michigan Avenue. Don't miss &quot;the bean&quot; at Millenium Park. Will definitely stay at other Kimpton Hotels - we were very impressed. Although there are other terrific Kimpton hotels in Chicago would stay at Monaco again because of the super location and river view.	
Jun 13 2005	Excellent!	We live in a Chicago suburb and needed a day 'away' so we stayed at the Hotel Monaco. What an excellent hotel with great service and a stylish and clean room! The Hotel's location couldn't be better with Millennium Park, Michigan Avenue, the Loop and Navy Pier within walking distance. The complimentary evening wine tasting was nice and our really cool 'companion' goldfish was delivered during what the front desk called their '9 p.m. goldfish run'. Ask for a 'quiet' room to avoid the loud late night folks and the elevators. Also, use the excellent concierge who seemed to know all the sales and store hours for places in the area. We visited my sister-in-law who was staying at the Swissotel on Wacker Drive at the same time. While her room had a better view, it didn't have half the character or the same excellent service that we enjoyed at the Hotel Monaco.I'm becoming a big fan of Kimtpon Hotels which owns Hotel Monaco and other really interesting and fun 'boutique' hotels in Chicago and around the country.	
May 16 2005 	Very Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Monaco May 12, 2005 for a conference. Check in was painless. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was quiet, non-smoking, spacious, furnished with a king bed, reading chair, desk and chair and television hidden in a large cabinet. The bed had a down comforter and many pillows. There was a wildly colored bathrobe in the closet. Towels were large and thick. There was an in-room safe, no refrigerator. Wireless internet was free and fast. The offer of a goldfish to keep company for the night was too interesting not to try, but after calling twice at 9 and 11 PM and being promised a goldfish, one never showed up. One of my colleagues reported a similar experience. I took advantage of the overnight complimentary shoe shine. In the morning, going to an 8 AM meeting, my shoes were not back. They came back about 15 minutes after I called requesting them. Meeting rooms were fine. The service with the food for the meetings was terrific. Food at the meetings was abundant and very very good. It was a nice hotel to stay in and a good one for a meeting.	
May 1 2005	Nice Hotel in a Great Location	Romantic, comfortable, quiet, and our room, with a view of the Chicago River, was in a great location.Check in was very cordial, and the afternoon wine tastings were a bonus.Since Chicago is one of the best walking towns in the world, the location was fantstic- within walking distance of the jazz clubs on Hubbard St., the sjhops on the Magnificent Mile, and the parks off Michigan Avenue.	
Apr 29 2005	Memorable Monaco	Stayed at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic. Very convenient for walking to museums, shopping and park nearby. The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view. We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel. Helpful staff, wifi, Aveda products, decent restaurant downstairs for brunch, easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, for business or pleasure.	
Apr 12 2005 	Good Value Great Location Terrific experience	We just returned from our first stay at the Monaco. Having read all the reviews, I was curious as to what my impressions of the hotel and staff would be. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful ( even at the concierge desk which several reviewers had blasted). Our room was cheery, clean, and spacious. The hotel located just around the corner from the El-lines and Metra, so getting around was easy. And as far as the complaints that it was too far to walk to Michigan Ave., those reviewers must not walk at all at home. Michigan Ave. is a five minute walk. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It had everything I want from a four star hotel and is a good value for the price.	
Mar 28 2005	Just OK	After staying at the Monaco in Seattle, the Chicago Monaco is not as nice -- nor the staff as helpful. The concierge was a joke. Recommended mostly all the places you find in the glossy hotel magazine for dining. Room was bizarre in its layout -- very difficult bathroom to use as the door barely cleared the tub and sink and the smallest shower I have ever used -- including on a cruise ship. This was the Mediterranean Suite. Doesn't hold a candle to the one in Seatte. Will not stay here again. Too many nice hotels to choose from. Great location, though.	
Mar 20 2005	My New Favorite	I love all of the Chicago Kimpton Hotels but since my last stay at Hotel Monaco have decided the this is my new favorite. Check in was a breeze, I asked about room size and the clerk told me If I wanted a bigger room with no view I could have it for the same price. Huge! two very comfortable king beds, two comfy chairs with ottomans a desk and armoire with t.v.. Bathroom wasn't huge but we managed. Foyer was large to accomodate our luggage so as not to mess up sleeping area. The Decor was very funky and fun. Afternoon wine hour was a hit in the lovely common area with fireplace. Concierge was helpful as was the valet team. The one bad thing and it was bad was after a full day of shopping we returned to our room at about 8:00 for a quick change for our dinner reservations and our room had not been cleaned no fresh towels nothing. When I called they immediately sent somebody to our room w/towels then finished after we left for the evening. Despite that I will definitely stay again.	
Jan 19 2005	Wanna go to Monaco?	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 2 nights in celebration of our 10th anniversary. Everything was fabulous...our room overlooked the Chicago River, great French Deco furnishings, Luxury bed linens, great service, and walking distance to everything. The only icky thing is our &quot;pet goldfish&quot;, which is a cute perk to staying at the Monaco, was belly up upon our return one night. The replacement fish was found in the same condition the following night. Yuck! We did get a good laugh out of it and do plan to return.	
Jan 9 2005	Fantastic Monaco	I am writing this from my room in Hotel Monaco at the end of a long weekend in January 2005. All in all, the hotel has lived up to my very high expectations! Towncar transfer was arranged perfectly, check-in was a breeze, I was up in my room before I knew it. As I had requested, I had a high floor room overlooking the river, great view from the window seat. Decoration of the room and hotel in general is colourful, a nice change from generic chain hotels without falling into annoyingly trying-to-hard-to-be-hip. Bed is very comfortable, nice bathroom with Aveda amenities. One of the things I liked most about the hotel is all the added amenities. Every morning free coffee and tea, free wine in the evening, turndown service, etc.etc. Staff are very polite. Nice touch was also the discount card I got, to redeem at my next stay at a Kimpton Hotel; to me that is an incentive, more than some frequent guest programs where you need to stay numerous times before you can have the benefits. Location of the hotel is also great, within walking distance of everything - in contrary to other reviewers I found the walk to Michigan Av to be absolutely no problem at all. I would highly recommend Hotel Monaco!!	
Jan 5 2005	Alright For The Price	Ok, my husband and I stayed at the Chicago Hotel Monaco New Years Weekend. The man at the front desk was very cold, so were the women at concierge... when they were actually AT THEIR DESK. The location isnt that bad, but next time I think I will stay directly on Michigan Avenue. The walk isnt too bad the first time, but we couldnt move by the time we were finished shopping on the Magnificent Mile (and we had comfy shoes on) so we had to take a $5 cab back to the hotel and we continued taking cabs for the rest of our stay. The hotel restaurant, South Water Kitchen, was great for breakfast, a bit pricey but everything is pricey in that area. We ordered extra shampoo and towels... never received them. The mini fridge was stocked well, but the little goodies bin looked like the goodies have been there for years. Dusty with crumbled wrappers. The bed was comfortable and we loved the down comforter, the bathroom was a decent size. The window seat was a great touch, except for the stains on its pillow top. We paid $160 a night and I think that was decent for what we received (all the other hotels were $200++). We were out most of the time so it wasnt too bad. The lobby is small but nicely decorated, free starbucks coffee in the lobby was too strong, again, front desk was rude. Overall, if you pay $160 or less, you are more or less getting an OK deal. But I would suggest that you put a couple extra bucks into a nicer hotel on Michigan Avenue where everything is happening. Oh, and we tried the world famous popcorn... great popcorn but not worth the 45 minute wait in line. Navy Pier was nice!	
Dec 30 2004	Very Pleased	I stayed at the Chicago Monaco on Halloween night 2004. The location is great. Easy walking to shops &amp; restaurants &amp; not far from the bus stop. As usual the Monacos are beautifully decorated. We enjoed excellent service &amp; an evening wine reception. The restaurant South Water Kitchen had served a wonderful breakfast &amp; a delightful staff. They are a pet friendly hotel as well. They offer a business center which allows free access to the internet. The rooms are a little larger than normal. I would return with out hesitation. KA Snodgrass AAA Travel	
Dec 22 2004	Superb!	My family and I satyed at the Monaco for one night and had a wondeful time! The hotel was in the center of it all. The staff was friendly form the check-in to the valet. We love the window seat and spent all the morning lookig out of it. We had a suite and it did not let us down. The colors were vibrant and inviting, very comfy! The bathroom wa also gorgeous. The jacuzzi was relaxing and the bath products scented the room the whole stay! Overall, WONDERUL!	
Dec 14 2004	THE BEST! OUR 4TH STAY in 4 years ...	This hotel is a gem. We visited Chicago at Thanksgiving every year for at least 10 years before we found the Monaco. Now it's our hotel of choice. Perfectly located betw/ Mag Mile &amp; State (and close to Ronnie's Steakhouse for breakfast). The window seats w/ the river view are to die for. Staff is always very nice. No waiting for elevators. My only complaint is that I can't get the Hot Rates, Hot Dates in the summer so I could really enjoy Millennium Park, which is only a short walk. Wish I could afford to become a permanent resident of the hotel.	
Dec 12 2004	Good value	Just spent two nights at the Monaco. Very good hotel, and I'd stay again. Some of the criticisms in the thread below are just unfair and harsh; e.g., fwiw, the front desk LV replica is NOT shabby.I prize the following in a hotel: value, convenience, cleanliness and ambience.Pros and cons as I saw it:1) Convenience: arrived at Midway on Southwest at 0920. Took our carryon bags straight to the Orange line, $1.75 fare one way. Made the mistake of transferring to the State line, although we ended up in the new Pedway and exited through the Marshall Fields--my wife thought that was a good thing. The hotel is only a block or two away from the El station, an easy walk even with bags. Gate to door time was about 40 minutes, and was 30 minutes on the departure since we took the Orange line directly to the airport. I think Chicago is a very easy town to navigate, but the hotel location makes it extremely easy. The in room maps made finding our eating locations and walking strategies easy to figure. Concierge gave a very accurate estimate of how long it would take to cab to Charlie Trotter's; finding a cab on a wet Friday evening in December was a challenge; we walked over to the Wrigley building and caught one after about 5 minutes.2) Cleanliness- the room was spotless. Be aware that this is an old building and there is some sound transmission from the halls to your room. We had room 1212 with an excellent view of the river, even with our early check in. The bay windows are nice. Most of the noise actually came from other guests who thought nothing of allowing their doors to slam behind them. Staff was very polite and appreciative when we gave her a tip at the end of our stay.3) Ambience- a pretty good effort here. I like the Kimpton approach, having stayed at the Argonaut this summer in San Francisco. Kind of an eclectic decor. The room was comfortable, the bed was fine; there's about 25 cable channels (no HBO). Did not dine at the hotel or the adjacent restaurant. Did eat at the Corner Bakery just down the street. All staff were fairly friendly. Business Center on the third floor had free internet access and a printer (no printer from the front desk computer) so we could checkin with Southwest online and get our boarding passes ahead of time.4) Value-- this is one of the city's busiest weekends; no discounts of significance. Paid $199 per night and felt good about it at checkout. Paid two and a half times that for a single meal at Charlie Trotter's (and, incredibly, felt good about that too!). No question I've stayed at hotels with higher marks, but often with a notably higher price tag. I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Chicago and liked it, but would return to the Monaco first. The Kimpton group is usually willing to exceed any discount you can find on the Net, so be sure to ask when you book.If you're a reasonable guest with fair expectations (unlike some of the whining I've read here), I think you'll have a good time.	
Dec 7 2004	Too Snotty and ------ for Me	Disappointed!The first time we went to Chicago we stayed at the Hotel Burnham. The hotel was fabulous, the rooms were exquisite and the service was impeccable. As a result, we wanted to try another Kimpton Boutique Hotel and after seeing the reviews, we decided to stay at the Monaco. When we first arrived the front desk staff was rude and acted as if we were inconveniencing them when we asked for the added touch of the pet goldfish. They cared more about their chic instead of their job. The rooms were nice and large and my fiancee loved the little alcove where he could stare at all the activity outside. The next morning after our room was serviced VERY LATE AND we did not receive new glasses or the ironing board returned to its original location. An addition to the other amenities the Monaco provides a complimentary wine hour. During this hour, we went across the street to the White Hen to pick up some juice for in the morning. After returning to the hotel the front desk staff advised us of the wine hour. We politely said that we may come down later. Looking at our juice, he then emphasized to us that the wine hour was &quot;FREE&quot; insinuating that cost was a factor to us and we were being cheap. That night we wanted to eat at an italian restaurant and the concierge recommended a place 2 minutes away stating that the staff eats there regularly. The food at Nick &amp; Tony's, THE GRILL ROOM, was horrible UNLESS YOU HAVE NO TATSEBUDS. We only ate two bites and then decided to eat sandwiches from White Hen. The next day we ate at a much better location for a lot better price off Michigan. We had a great time in Chicago but for the true hotel experience I am staying at the Burnham.	
Dec 5 2004	A little disappointed	My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout &quot;American Girl&quot; Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it's glowing reviews. We arrived late and maybe that's when they put out their second-stringers, but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion. I'll never understand this--they're in the hospitality business and they're inhospitable! (This is getting picky, but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance. The repeated &quot;HM&quot; initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability). When we got to our room we found the maid's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed (yuck!). I'm still trying to figure out that scenario. There were no ashes--so I've ruled out spontaneous combustion. Also, to the disappointment of my daughter, the much-advertised goldfish was MIA. The bellhop (who apologized for the shoes) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed &quot;...is that OK?&quot; he said. I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35¢ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy. On the up side, the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved (&quot;I'd like to live here!&quot; she said). The bed is VERY comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now. The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper. Come on Kimpton! How much can a decent roll cost? The view towards the river is great (try to get one) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own &quot;club house&quot; watching the world go by from from high above the city. In short: very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer (wouldn't cost anything and would have made up for the maid's shoes!)	
Dec 3 2004	Must ask for larger room	Their website gives the impression that they have two, and only two, types of rooms: regular and suite. The rooms actually come in a wide variety of shapes and sizes. When checking in, we didn’t make any specific request, so we got a narrow room with a bed that was too big for it, and no view to boot. Lesson learned -- specifically ask for a big room, and a river view, or at least a view out on to Wabash Avenue.Also, definitely take them up on their offer of a free pass at the gym down the street, the exercise “room” is more like a closet. And the curb in front of the hotel gets crowded, so dropping off luggage can be an adventure. The bellhops do their best, but someone directing traffic would be better.	
Nov 29 2004	Wonderful location/decor	I just returned from Chicago where I stayed at the Hotel Monaco. It was a great experience. The hotel is in a great location, close to shopping and theatres. The decor is really great, so different than all the other boring hotels. They even give you a goldfish for your stay if you want one -- how unique. From 5pm to 6pm there was wine hour in the beautiful lobby. All of the staff was very friendly and the Concierge was so helpful. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone and plan to stay there again.	
Nov 19 2004 	Amazing hotel in every respect!!	In June of 2004, we held our client conference at this amazing property. Being the one that coordinates everything for these conferences, I was invested in this property before I even laid eyes on it and hoped for the best. I was hardly disappointed! From the moment we arrived (chocolate chip cookies and all) everything was perfect! The staff is energetic and extremely helpful. The rooms are amazing, the decor is top notch and the meeting facilities are superb! From my pre-conference planning up through the post-conference follow-up, this could not have been a better experience.The rooms are extremely comfortable and all the ammenities are top shelf. Aveda products in the bathrooms, window seats with spectacular view (I had one of the Suites) of the river, amazing beds and linens and a very functional workspace (with highspeed wireless internet to boot)...I couldn't have asked for more!I'll be back next time for a vacation and I'll bring my family.	
Nov 1 2004	Lovely. Lovely. Lovely!	Outstanding! We were in Chicago for a performance at the Chicago Theater and were delighted to find this charming hotel was just a couple blocks away. Hotel staff was very pleasant, the decor was quirky and wonderful.We stayed in a Mediterranean Suite (Room 811 - highly recommended). It had high ceilings, three cozy window seats that face out on to Wacker street, very comfortable bed, lovely bathroom with a big whirpool tub, Aveda products, etc. Just perfect. And we also made a request for one of their pet goldfish that are cared for by the Shedd Aquarium. The fish was a fun addition to a wonderful stay - even the mini-bar items were terrific!	
Oct 24 2004	Clever friendly hotel	I really like the Kimpton hotels, and this is like any of them - a decent value, boutique feel, with some fun, sleek and even tongue-in-cheek furnishings. Rooms are nice, about what you'd expect, with some really nice views of the Chicago river and downtown. It's not my favorite of the Kimptons out there, but it's still a nicer (and more interesting) experience than most of the business (or leisure) hotels you'll stay at. Note: a full menu room service ends at 9:30 PM -- which is a bummer if you're just flying in late.	
Oct 22 2004	Perfect location spacious rooms great price!!	We were nine ladies that were grade school friends celebrating our 50th birthdays in 2004 so took a trip to celebrate and reconnect. Found Hotel Monaco on SW Airlines web site, and got a great price. It has a fabulous location, friendly staff, very large rooms, great (fun and a little funky) decor, not cheap but nice restaurant and bar attached with seating out front that was great. Happy hour with wine in lobby was great as well... we couldn't have have a better trip!	
Sep 25 2004	Lovely!!!	Stayed there for Valentine's Day, loved everything about it. Staff was efficient and extremely helpful, service - top notch. Enjoyed our room too - tasteful decor, albeit a little on a small side. Go, Kimpton!	
Sep 25 2004	Fine hotel good price	We stayed in the Hotel Monaco for four nights in early September. We were very pleased. The staff is friendly. The room, while not large, was nicely done. We had a room overlooking the river and could sit in the large, cushioned window seat and watch the world go by. The hotel is within a block or so of the Els on the loop so tranportation is easy,, but far enough from the trains so that there is no noise. It is also only a block from Michigan Avenue, and thus close to the parks and the best shopping. Jewlers Row and Marshall Fields are also near by.	
Sep 8 2004	Top notch!	A truely pleasant surprise! Not having any prior experience with Kimpton Hotels my wife and I were delighted with our stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. Convenient location at the north end of the loop near the river, and a short walk away from the Navel Pier and the Magnificent Mile. Highly recommended!	
Sep 2 2004	wouldnt stay anywhere else	As regular visitors to Chicago this is the only place we would ever stay. Great rooms, good service and good location. Best value in town	
Aug 16 2004	Excellent Service	I was staying in Hotel Monaco from 31st of July until the 6th of August. The staffs are very friendly and room is spacious. As they knew that I needed a very early check-out the next day, they exactly delivered a print out of my check on my door-step the next morning. One minor thing to mention, the refrigerator is making a lots of noise at night. One of my colleague even unplugged the refrigerator so that he could go to sleep.	
Aug 10 2004	They've earned our loyalty!	Having had a great stay at the Monaco last Fall with friends, I was disappointed (initially) to arrive on Saturday with husband and find that they didn't have our Quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for Sat. eve. BUT they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following: found us a nice room at the neighboring Swissotel and paid for it! Gave us cab fare to get the 4 blocks over there. Paid for our valet parking $33 that eve. So naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for Sunday eve (when they did have room), we said yes. When we returned, they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our $139 quikbook rate! Now that's what I call a recovery!!	
Aug 5 2004	Outstanding!!!	Hotel Monaco was outstanding! My husband and I were celebrating his 50th birthday and we couldn't have been more pleased with our choice of hotels. We had a suite (hot time in the city package - $205/night) overlooking the river. The rooms were exceptionally clean, comfortable and colorful. The bed was very comfy and the window seats were wonderful for sitting and drinking coffee in the morning and watching Chicago come alive. The wine tasting was a nice perk and the restaurant next door had excellent food. The staff was very attentive and courteous and the concierge was very patient and helpful with our many questions about the city. We will definitely stay here on our next visit to Chicago.	
Aug 5 2004	Superb!!	Stayed at the Monaco for 3 nights at the end of June in the Mediteranean Suite.Absolutely perfect with superb staff. Nothing was too much trouble	
Jul 29 2004	Hotel Monaco was great!	I stayed at The Monaco with several friends to celebrate my best friend's birthday. The lobby was beautiful,our rooms were terrific ( really great window seats ). The only complaint would be with one of the guys at the front desk ( what a little snot, he was equally rude to all of us on different occasions ), however the rest of the staff was very helpful. I've also stayed at The Burnham, anothertruly outstanding Kimpton Hotel, these people really know how to create a lovely enviroment.	
Jul 20 2004	The only place we'll stay in Chicago!!	While I had stayed in the Hotel Monaco before, this was my husband's first trip to Chicago and I insisted we stay here as I loved it the first time. Well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful. The warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing. Unfortunately we missed the wine hour. One thing that realy impressed me is that b/c of flight delays we got to Chicago a day late -- Hotel Monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation.	
Jul 11 2004	Go with the Suite	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Monaco for 3 nights at the end of June. We went with the suite for about $260/night. It was well worth the extra money. This was one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in for the money anywhere - including Four Seasons and The Plaza in NYC. We received a corner suite that was huge, with large bay windows overlooking the Chicago River and up towards the Mag Mile. Room was tasefully done and very clean. Service was friendly and location is right off Michigan close to everything and the Blue Line Train from O'Hare. The only minor complain I can think of was the bathroom was a bit small for a suite.I would stay here again hands down, and highly recommend the place.	
Jul 10 2004	Perfect get away hotel	The Hotel Monaco was a perfect romantic get away.It was exceptionally quiet and comfortable. The cozy and charmingly decorated room had a wonderful view of the river and city from the cushioned bay window. The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. And the location was centrally convenient. It is the best major city hotel we have ever stayed at in the USA!	
Jul 8 2004	Not enamored by this hotel.	Stayed at the Hotel Monaco over 4th of July weekend. When booking months in advance I requested a quiet room. Upon arrival found room faced a brick wall with a very large and noisy air handler. Room was decent sized. There were no window seats. Just 1 window with no seat which is understandable because there is no view. The bathroom was huge and everything was spotless. The bed however was one of the worst I have ever slept in. Very soft and sagged in the middle. It was ironic seeing that all linens were top notch for this abominable bed. It is hard to tell if the lack of sleep was from the bed or the loud air handlers. The next day I requested a different room. The desk was very courteous and prompt in responding to my complaints. We were moved to a much smaller room which did have the 2 window seats. You could hear a lot of traffic noise as you are facing the street. Fortunately it was not too bad. Unfortunately, the bed was just the same as the previous room. Terribly soft and sagging in the middle. We never heard any noise from neighboring rooms. However the hallway noise can be loud. We never ate at the restaurant on site because I thought it was rather pricey. Across the street is a deli and around the corner was a Corner Bakery.The decor in the rooms is top notch and fun. I like that they use duvet covers which are changed daily. After seeing 60 minutes where it crucified the hygiene of comforter covers in hotels i.e. the amount of bodily fluids on these comforters which are not typically washed on a regular basis, I am relieved to see the duvet covers. The location puts you walking distance to everything. The staff and concierge were very helpful and welcoming. Since My husband and I travel to Chicago at least once a year we like to try different hotels. I liked the Hotel Monaco but did not fall in love with it like many other writers. I found the Swissotel similar in price and location. Although it lacked the ecclectic decor and outgoing staff, I found it to be far more comfortable with larger rooms, outstanding views, top quality beds and very peaceful. I will probably return there next time.	
Jul 5 2004	Loved It!	After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 20 2004	Sweetest hotel ever! (And I've stayed in several nice places)	My 2 friends and I drove up to Chicago to see the Clay Aiken/Kelly Clarkson concert in March. Since I've been to Chicago many times since I was a little girl, they entrusted me to make hotel reservations. A month or so before, we'd all seen the Hotel Monaco on the Travel Channel, but figured it to be too expensive. Well, needless to say it isn't expensive for the luxury you receive! From the moment we stepped inside, even as young unpretentious-looking college grads, the staff greeted us and made us feel like we'd stayed there a million times. I must say, I fell in love with the tall bald man at the receptionist desk! He's hilarious when you talk to him! I wish we'd had more time there! We were greeted with hot, fresh chocolate chip cookies - which definitely won us over. The room was beautiful - had a gorgeous view of the river, and there were 2 window seats - one ended up being used as a bed for the evening! We could have stayed in the room all day and just watched the city go by outside. The decorations were ecletic and fun - exactly what I hate that other hotels don't do. It felt homey from the minute we walked in. And Aveda toiletries - you really won my heart with that!! Those are some quality products! I cannot WAIT to come back to Chicago, and stay there - maybe even in the rock star suite! Oh, and I can't finish this review without expressing my love for our goldfish, which we affectionately named &quot;Moonshadow Yates.&quot; What a truly fun experience! Thank you, Hotel Monaco! I'll DEFINITELY be back soon!	
May 5 2004 	A Great Home Away From Home	I just spent three lovely days at the Monaco Hotel at Wabash and Wacker Drive in Chicago, Illinois.As a speaker for the Food Marketing Institute's annual convention, we were given reservations at the Monaco Hotel. I looked at the hotel map and said: &quot;Oh one of those old downtown Chicago hotels. I wonder what that's going to be like?&quot;Well as a frequent traveler was I surprised. The hotel was beautiful, clean and extremely friendly.The large rooms were decorated with exquisit taste and the bed was wonderful. It reminded me of a very high price European hotel. As nice as it was, the best thing of all was the staff. Yes from the door man Bernette, to the desk clerk Ryan to the wait staff in the restaurant, maids, turndown service staff, I was treated like Royalty.As a frequent business traveler, I am a Diamond Elite with the Hilton and a Gold with Marriott, but I can assure you that the next time I have to stay in Chicago, I will be a GUEST of the Monaco.Incidently, while I was there a movie was being produced right out in front of the hotel, which caused quit a traffic jam and alot of site seeer as well as all the movie production staff. The Monaco staff was fully trained to handle the situation and it was not an inconvenience to any of their guest.Thanks to all the great people that have made this a premier hotel in the loop of Chicago.	
Apr 19 2004	Amazing views charming European feel	Great rooms - suite have (2) window seats as big as single beds, Japanese soaking tub. Charming and sumptuous hotel. Lots of European charm with a very eager to please staff. Jewel of Chicago. Wanted to keep it a secret or there will be no rooms left when I want to go. Worth every penny. The goldfish a bit quirky!!! Great Location.	
Mar 22 2004	Absolutely adorable!	We stayed here in March in a suite that was simple adorable! Love the contemporary decor and the Aveda bath products. The 2-seat jacuzzi was wonderful, and attention to details was much appreciated, from the light dimmer in the bathroom to the gold fish which was brought up within 5 minutes of our request. The window ledge made a memorable bed under the stars and the main bed was the most comfortable we've ever slept in! The lobby was small but cozy, and the staff was friendly enough. I highly recommend the suite to couples on romantic vacations. Look on the hotel web site for packages.	
Feb 17 2004	Romantic and Funky Hideaway	Just stayed over Valentines Day. It was a real romantic treat. The staff was very friendly. Room was funky and cool; loved the striped walls, amply stocked goodies and giant round mirror- strategically placed, too. Look for the complimentary CD!	
Feb 4 2004	Loved Hotel Monaco!	We loved our stay at Hotel Monaco in Chicago!! We stayed there in January, and it was cold, but Hotel Monaco was a great place to keep warm. It is so centrally located, we were able to walk to almost all of our destinations. The staff was so helpful, even recommending &amp; reserving us a table at an excellent restaurant. The wine hour is definitely a bonus! Loved the rooms, the staff - what a great place. I definitely recommend it.	
Feb 2 2004	AMAZING!!	I'll save you time by just saying...amazing! I travel all over the world and this is one of the, if not &quot;the&quot;, best hotel I have ever stayed in;and that is not even considering the price! That is saying a lot! I live in the Chicago area and I stay here for a mini &quot;getaway&quot; very often. The prices, service and amenities top all the rest!	
Dec 17 2003	PERFECT GREAT FANTASIC..NO WORDS TO EXPLAIN	Well worth the money! The hotel staff was great, very nice and friendly. Conversation was so easy with them they treated us like we were old friends. Could have talked with them forever. They were helpfull with pointing out where things were, gave great directions. The suite had fantasic, wonderful four huge window seats. The car was always brought out in a prompt manner. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever, even the sofa was so comfortable..I was talking a rest from shopping and ended up taking a four hour nap without knowing. I would recomend this to anyone. We will be back several more times in the future. The store across the way has snacks and drinks that are cheaper then the mini-bar, and the people that work there are very friendly also. Love, Love , love this place. Think about my five days there this past week and I just smile::)	
Dec 17 2003	Wonderful experience	What a wonderful hotel! A friend and I took her 16 year old daughter to Chicago for Christmas shopping December 12th and 13th. We all decided the highlight of the trip was the stay at the Hotel Monaco. The beds are the most comfortable I've ever slept on in a hotel, the bathroom is huge, the decor is very tasteful and the enormous window seats afford an amazing view of the city. The staff is very accomidating and friendly. It's a luxury hotel experience without the &quot;luxurious&quot; price!!!	
Dec 1 2003	weekend shopping get away	My girlfriends and I visit Chicago every Novemeber for a wekend of shopping and eating. The location is great. We could walk just about every place we went. The hotel was so fun. I love the decor. The wine in the lobby in the late afternoon is such a nice touch. The window seats in the room were great. Large rooms and very clean. Loved the Aveda bath products. Loved it so much that my husband and I will be back for a week long business trip and will be staying at this hotel again. I can't wait!!!	
Nov 29 2003	Absolutely loved it!!!	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!! My boyfriend and I loved everything!!! I suprised him for his birthday because hes never been to Chicago!! The decor was sooooo cute. The in room whirlpool was NOT a bathtub it fit both of us comforably and hes 6'3&quot; We sat up at night and over looked the city in the big window seats the employess were soo nice and helped us with directions for attractions!! And to warn you its $30 for overnight parking but well worth it!!:)	
Oct 6 2003	Great place very romantic	Hotel Monaco was one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at. My husband and I stayed here for the weekend for our 15th anniversary. It is a very romantic place. We had a suite with a 2 person hottub, a separate living room and a king size bed. The rooms have these wonderful window seats that I enjoyed so much, watching the city go by. We had a great view of the river. We bought a romantic package, I think it was called&quot; ooh baby baby&quot;, and we recieved chocolates to die for, a cd of romantic music, champagne, and (the best part, breakfast for two days in our room) We had great breakfasts, eggs etc. made to order. The beds are so comfortable, not your average hotel bed. The rooms are decorated pretty funky, but I liked it. The only thing I would change is the hot tub in bathroom won't run if the lights are on, which is not all that romantic. Other than that we loved it!	
Sep 29 2003	We love Hotel Monaco!		
Sep 24 2003	Awesome hotel		
Sep 23 2003	The Monaco is so comfortable!		
Jul 29 2003	Loved Hotel Monaco		
Jul 28 2003	unacceptable		
Jun 3 2003	Loved the Monoco...fish meditation windows and comfort		
May 29 2003	it was ok		
May 13 2003	Incredible Value!		
Mar 9 2003	Huge Room		
Mar 7 2003	Wonderful Suites!		
Aug 17 2009 	Posizione perfetta stanza splendida		
