Nov 4 2009 	Misleading...disappointing would not stay again!	Needed three rooms with two beds each, none available, also no rollaways available. We had to reserve three rooms with one bed each and were told we could use air mattresses. When we arrived in the room, we understood why no rollaways were available, there is no room for them! In all my traveling I have never seen a room so small. Disappointed in front desk staff, as we all stood in the lobby, they knew there was no way two adults and two teenagers would fit in each room. Also should legally not be allowed. It was extremely noisy all night long, dirty and old feeling.Gives the franchise a bad reputation. Shocked at the other reviews, it is not a nice property, there are much better options for the same price!	
Oct 29 2009 	Good value 	Considering its downtown location and free hot breakfast, this hotel had a decent rate. The decor in the renovated rooms is... interesting. Different than the usual Holiday Inn format and not over the top. I guess this is a boutique hotel?However, don't expect much storage area. My room had no dresser or place to put my suitcase. The closet lost part of its space to a small 3-drawer cabinet about the size of a 2-drawer file cabinet. That was the *only* drawer space in the room. Even the desk doesn't have drawers. The room sleeps 2 but I was glad I was solo on this trip. The contemporary squarish sink didn't drain too quickly. And I have yet to stay in a mid-priced hotel with decent toilet paper. Otherwise, this was a great place. The staff was very friendly, especially the doormen. The room was clean. Free Internet worked fine although I had fewer problems using the wired connection than the wireless (so bring a LAN cable). Lighting and desk space was good. A/C was adequate although it needed some time to cool down the room when I first arrived. I was about a 15-20 minute walk from the buildings around the river which is where my conference was located, and maybe 30 minutes from several museums. The Go shuttle to Midway Airport arrived within a couple minutes of the planned time.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Hospitality - Outstanding Value	I stayed at this hotel for a business trade show Oct 4th and 5th - originally planning to spend just one night. The staff was extremely accomodating - the door man was exceptionally pleasant &amp; the place was clean and well maintained. The building itself is old, the rooms are nothing fancy, but the service was great and there was a full breakfast buffet included in the price. A great location &amp; a great value.	
Oct 8 2009 	Average Hotel-above average location	The hotel was nice enough, nothing special. Rooms were very small but we knew they would be going in. The location was the selling point. Very close to John Hancock, shopping mall, and bus lines. The breakfast was pretty good, alot to offer. If you can get a good price (we paid $79.00) it is a good place to lay your head.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location and value for site seeing in Chicago	We got a great deal on hotwire for this hotel. The location is perfect for site seeing. The magnificent mile is a few blocks away, as well as the Sears (or Wilson's) Tower. The staff is very pleasant and always greeting and saying &quot;welcome&quot; when you come into the hotel.The room size is very small though, or as the staff put it, &quot;cozy&quot; but that can be expected for a downtown hotel. The rooms are clean. The breakfast is good, with eggs, cereal, cinnamon buns, etc.Overall a good deal for the price we paid.	
Oct 2 2009 	Wonderful staff incredible chicago bargain small rooms	At the last moment, I decided to visit our daughter in Chicago. She lives in Wicker Park and has a neatness challenge, Last minute guests are not her strong suit. So I went on a web site and found this hotel for an incredible rate of $59. This included a hot breakfast. The hotel is in an excellent location and is walking distance from museums and shopping, the el and buses. Staff was very friendly, rooms were clean, bed was comfortable. The only problem was the size. I was traveling for two days. The chest of drawers consisted of a file cabinet inside the closet which held only five hangers. At checkout, the staff told me that if my spouse came they could put in a rack for additional clothes. This would not have been possible. For the solo traveler this was a great deal. It is across the street from a Trader Joe's. Hot shower was great. I would stay again but not at a traditional Chicago rate. There were many families there and seemed to be doing well. It is not a room for anyone with a cane or walker but all in all, a great deal.	
Sep 17 2009 	Cass Hotel - cozy and convenient	Stayed at the Cass Hotel for 4 nights in August '09. I agree with most of the comments about the rooms being small (but our bathroom was a decent size) and the appointments nice. We were pleased with the quality of the Cass. Having breakfast included was a plus - more than adequate to start the day. The location was EXCELLENT for visiting a good bit of what Chicago has to offer. We walked to Navy Pier, Mag Mile, Boat Tours and many nearby restaurants/bars while visiting. Would definitely stay there again given its great value (price paid vs. quality of accommodations and location).	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent staff great value	My daughter and I traveled to Chicago for a mother/daughter extended weekend (3 nights/4 days). We loved the location, many nearby shopping areas, restaurants, etc. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The breakfast was a huge savings, we were able to eliminate lunch and just have an early supper. I would definately recommend it to others. The room was clean but small; the size was not a factor as we only used the room to sleep in. Kelly &amp; Edwin were the staff that stick out in my mind...thanks for a super stay in Chicago :)	
Aug 21 2009 	a fantastic first time visit to Chicago	Hotel Cass was the perfect place to stay for our first visit to Chicago. We drove into the city and found the hotel fairly easily. However, we had to go around the block since we passed it at first. Valet parking had been advertised when our reservations had been made. The doorman was very apologetic that it was unavailable, but gave us the location of a carpark charging only $29.00 per day with in and out privilages. Not a bad deal and the lot was only one block up the next street. As it turned out, we never needed the car anyway.The hotel has a fantastic location within walking distance of most all the key sights. There are also many shops and restaurants you can reach on foot, even in moderately high heels.The staff was amazing, always greeting you and asking how they could assist. Princess at the front desk and Edwin the doorman stood out especially.Our room(1203) was very small, but was comfortable and well appointed. Daily breakfast being included was a great cost savings and was more than adequate. All in all, we would consider staying here again on a future visit.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location	Booked on Hotwire and was provided the Hotel Cass for an amazing rate. Staff was amazing and I have to praise &quot;Princess&quot; who offered loads of guides, local knowledge and shopping maps for my shopaholic girlfriend. Room check-in was painless and speedy, felt very warm and invited. Given room 1408 which is a city view and looking at the layout one of the largest. The room amenities were ample, yet small as others have noted. Only two small complaints: one is the lack of drawer space, with a small drawer offered in the closet, the other is the lack of space in the bathroom. The included breakfast is amazing and was a welcome start to the day. Cleaning service is top notch, the room was cleaned in the time it took for us to eat breakfast and return; very pleasant surprise! Location is a big draw for the Hotel Cass, everything is walking distance away. If you use the CTA take the Chicago stop instead of Grant on the red line due to construction. Very happy guest!	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Location Excellent Value Neat and Clean	We recently stayed here for a short week-end trip. We found it to be an excellent value for the price. The location is convenient to walking just about anywhere in the city, and is close to all transportation. The room was tiny, but quaint, and they made good use of every available space. We enjoyed the flat screen tv, and free internet. The free breakfast was an added plus, more variety than many other hotels. We didn't bring a car, but the nearby parking was very expensive. It is located near some very nice restaurants and bars. We especially liked the 1492 Tapas Bar. The staff was very helpful in giving directions, holding our luggage, and overall they were extremely accomodating. Two suggestions: update the carpeting in the hallways, and wash the windows and screens. I have already made a reservation to stay here again next month on my next trip to Chicago. I felt very comfortable and was happy with the value for the price.	
Aug 8 2009 	Good location	At the Cass hotel we were greeted by friendly employees. The room was small. We had three people in a queen room with a roll away. When I made the reservation I checked standard room which I assumed was a room with two double beds. We were given 1000 priority points due to size of the room. The room was updated. Breakfast buffet was a plus. The location was great. We were able to walk everywhere.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very positive experience!	I stayed at the Hotel Cass during a professional conference. I've read the reviews, and expected a small room. It turned out to be not as small as I expected. In fact, there was plenty of room for me. I've stayed in some much smaller rooms in the past (one in Boston, one in L.A.). I do think having two people in this room might have been a problem. From the hotel diagram on the back of my door, it appeared there were some bigger rooms available, so it would be important to ask about this if it bothers you.When I got to my room the carpet was wet in one spot (possibly a roof leak?), and the staff could not have been more accommodating in getting me into another room ASAP. The staff were all excellently helpful and friendly during my stay. I liked the second room even better than the first. It was not noisy at all, and I loved the large flat-screen TV on the wall. The bed was extremely comfortable.The free breakfast in the morning was appreciated, since I was always on my way to early meetings. Sure, these sorts of breakfast buffets don't have quite the high quality of fresh-cooked food served to one's table. But it also wasn't bad food. I also appreciated the free computer access in the breakfast nook, since I was not traveling with a computer.I stayed four nights, and could have stayed longer.	
Aug 5 2009 	I would recommend this hotel but barely.	Our experience with Hotel Cass was a mixed bag. The staff is either friendly or overly rude depending on who you speak with. The rooms are actually REALLY TINY and when traveling in two's for more than three days, it will take some getting used to as there is hardly room to walk around the bed much less find room for clothing and suitecases. That being said, it was very clean, comfortable, and noise free. When the hotel gets busy, the two elevators available (one of which is a service elevator and hardly ever comes around) is SUPER slow...like &quot;wait at least 5 minutes for it to come up and then stop on every floor on the way down&quot; slow. The breakfast is AWESOME with omelets, scrambled eggs, cinamon rolls, juice, milk, cereal, bagels, breads, sausage patties, biscuits and gravy, fruit, etc...but get there early to take advantage! The kitchen staff don't know the meaning of the word hospitality! On multiple occassions, they stopped refilling food twenty minutes prior to close even if there are guests waiting for their breakfast. Not only that, but when they close, they will take food out from under you. When asking for items if close to closing, expect the staff to be rude and unaccomodating. The location though is AWESOME! It's central to everything! If you don't want to take a cab from the hotel, take it L, it runs straight from within the airport to two blocks from the front door of Hotel Cass. Take the Blue line to Jackson and then transfer to the Red Line to Grand.	
Jul 30 2009 	Good place to stay very helpful staff	Booked via Hotwire and I thought I had listed proper number of guests, but on my confirmation I noticed I did not have enough beds. Hotel staff was soooo helpful and accommodating. They run out of cots quickly so we got lucky. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Yes they were quaint but I would go back. It is located in a good location for fun.Go to the Italian Deli just down the street to pack a picnic. Jump on the Michigan Ave #151 south and head to Buckingham fountain to eat by the lake	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location great staff good breakfast small rooms	Easy to get around Chicago from here, close to the L, lots of restaurants/Bars. Can walk to Michigan Ave/Navy Pier/etc. L to ballparks. Staff very helpful, TV in room limited (some channels not available/could never access pay channels). Room is small but okay considering you are out in Chicago most of the time.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location good hotel	Overall a very nice five-night stay in Chicago. I had already read the reviews about the small rooms, so I expected a small room when I arrived. It was very clean and the furnishings were nice - they definitely made the most of the space they had. We were on a higher floor, which seems to help with the elevator situation - elevators would frequently fill up on the way down to the lobby and stop at the lower floors with no room, so those people had to wait for the next elevator. We had a great view of the Hancock building, and the location in general is great. I asked at the front desk about running in the morning, and they gave me a route that was well-populated with other runners and bikers to the lake and back. Breakfast was often crowded, and we couldn't pin down a slow time from one day to the next. It was nice to start off the morning with a little fuel in our stomachs though, b/c we walked EVERYWHERE from the hotel (except the airport and Wrigley, which we took the El for). Not a lot of storage in the room, so we ended up with my husband's clothes on the floor and mine in the closet. We pretty much slept in the room and watched a little TV at night (nice flat screens) and had a great time! By the way, I was confused about whether there was a gym at the hotel based on what I saw online. When I asked, they said they were going to add one &quot;soon&quot; but for now they had an agreement at a nearby gym - free if you're a holiday inn express member, but $10 per visit if not. We had great running weather while there, so I didn't explore the gym option, but we did pass it - it's about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good hotel in good location	This is a great hotel if you are planning on using it as a base. The rooms are small but fully equipped, and we were on the 16th floor so we had a nice view. The room had free wireless and a flat screen TV. The breakfast wasn't anything special but was included. The hotel is in a great location, its very easy to get to the loop and &quot;Big John&quot;, and is very near to Pizzeria Uno! The neighbourhood seemed safe, the hotel is on a quiet (ish) street but near to lots of shops and restaurants. Would recommend to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Jul 21 2009 	Small but not too bad	Rooms are really very small, but enough clean.May be a little too noise in the corridor and from the air con.	
Jul 17 2009 	Maximum use of premium property	The room was comfortable and accommodating in spite of its small size. Every inch of the room, as well as other areas of the hotel, was maximized. The interior design was pleasing.I would stay here again, given the chance.	
Jun 30 2009 	Small but clean loved it!	Yes, this hotel has small rooms. But they are clean and nicely appointed. I can see if you're planning to stay more than a couple nights it might get claustrophobic and you may need more room to unpack, but if it's only one or two nights, I thought it was great. The room IS small, that's for sure, and the view we had left much to be desired, but we came downtown for a concert, not to sit in our room all night and stare out the window. The location was great, close to great shopping and several restaurants and within walking distance to The House of Blues, which is where our concert was. The room was very clean and the staff was quite pleasant. The only downside I can find is there is no parking lot specifically for the hotel, but that is not unusual for Chicago. There is a parking garage adjacent to the hotel which is pretty expensive. $34/night with no in or out privileges, or you can valet it for $45/night with in and out privileges. Everything was within walking distance for our purpose though so we just parked ourselves.	
Jun 12 2009	Convenient Location - Small	This is now a Holiday Inn Express - operated hotel.General: The hotel occupies a small footprint of real estate. There are 16 floors indicated on the elevator. Everything is small, so keep that in mind. The elevators are on the small side and slow during the morning breakfast time. Everything is very clean and well maintained.Location: Two (short) blocks off the Magnificent Mile. Close to a number of attractions and easy walking distance to a number of eateries.Rooms: The rooms, as indicated elsewhere, are SMALL. That did not bother me as I was only sleeping there. However, if youare wanting to lounge around your room during the day, this is not the place for you. My room on the 4th floor was a king locaed on the interior of the building. The window faced out to a central core (nothing to see, but daylight did come through). The bed occupied most of the room and was very comfortable. There was a desk at the foot of the bed. A flat panel TV was mounted at the side of the bed, best viewed from a small sitting bench. The bathroom was small, but comfortable. A very nice tub / shower was easy to access. A hairdryer was kept under the sink. The sink was a nice deep model with great water flow. As noted throughout the hotel, the room clearly had recently been remodeled. The room included a coffe maker, iron and ironing board, small closet and safe. Wireless high-speed internet was provided (free).Furnishings and decor: The decor and furnishings were bizarre. While the overall appearence is clean and well maintained, the furnishings are straight out of the 60's and the &quot;house of tomorrow&quot; look. Trust me, the furniture was ugly and uncomfortable in the 60's and it still is now. The bench in the room that sufices for a sofa was more uncomfortable than a pew in a Quaker church. The &quot;table&quot; in the room was a moveable flat top mushroom that might hold one plate. The hotel would be well advised to change decor soon.Staff: Helpful and courteous. The doormen were great. The desk staff were all efficient though not neccesarily warm.Value: The room rates went up $80 a night during my stay, so I am not sure the costs are any better than some other nearby well-known properties. You would have to investigate that more when booking.Overall: Clean, comfortable and quiet. Good breakfast. Small rooms that meet your basic needs -- not for lounging however.Elevators (two) are smallish. They are operated by your room key card. Expect a long wait during the breakfast time.Breakfast: The free breakfast is very nice with a good selection. On busy days, you may have trouble finding a place to sit. A large portion of the common area is occupied by flat sofas without tables (seems like a waste of space to me). The staff kept everything stocked and clean.	
Jun 4 2009 	Never ever ever ever again...... not for $190 a night	1. No work station in room- just a small nightstand to use for two people with laptops2. Sloooooooooooooooooooooow Internet at night3. Cloud of cigarette smoke at front door that leaks into breakfast area when door opens4. A TINY three drawer dresser was inadequate for two adults staying a week5. No place to store empty suitcases except beside the bed6. One tiny shelf in bathroom for two people's hygiene items7. Ripped carpet by bathroom door that one of us tripped over- luckily bed was so close to bathroom that it cushioned the fall8 Nasty colored carpet showed stains9. Dirty elevator floor was unswept/washed all week10. Two slooooooooooooooooooooooow elevators11.Coffee was always running out12. No oatmeal???? Seriously?????And lastly..... too small!!!!!	
May 25 2009 	Adequate size room - bizarre furnishings	Contrary to some previous reviews, I found my room to be small but adequate in size. The furnishings, however, were another story. A large marble table was at the end of the bed with barely enough room to get in and out of the chair. Two low chairs that looked like they belong in the children's furniture section at IKEA were also in the room as was a bench that was totally incongruous. In fact the furniture was probably the ugliest I have ever encountered in a hotel room. On a more positive note, the staff was superb, the lobby attractive and the breakfast area especially nice. The hotel's wi-fi had the best signal I have ever found in a hotel. The in-room safe was another good feature. So for a well located River North hotel and a reasonable rate, Hotel Cass is recommended, as long as you don't mind the bizarre furnishings.	
May 21 2009 	stylish and modern but cramped	This is a good choice for those who don't like standard hotel decor and don't mind not having much room. The recently renovated rooms are furnished with modern, comfortable furniture &amp; fixtures. However, the left little spare room. My king bed took up most of the sleeping area -- the desk was against the wall at the foot of the bed, and there was just enough room to get the chair out to sit down. On the closet side, there was just enough room to open the door, which was about 2/3 the size of a normal closet (it was narrower than my full-sized garment bag). The only drawers in the room were a small set of 3 in the closet, about the size of a set that fits under a desk, leving little room for long hanging objects.The elevator was fast for me, but you needed to use your door key card. it sometimes didn't read on the first try, but one it did, the trip was fast. Elevator music included Bjork and the Smiths, to give you an idea of the type of customers they're targeting, or at least the tastes of the staff.A few minor nits: the breakfast was the standard HIE, but the first morning there was no yogurt and the two days they had omelets, many were overdone almost to the point of being burnt. My TV (HC LCD) had trouble with a few channels, one of them ESPN. And the square, flat sink basin ran a little slow (not sure if it was partially clogged or because of the design.)However, if you're only going to be sleeping in your room, it's a pretty good deal. A very convenient location with a variety of stores &amp; restaurants nearby, and a subway stop a few blocks away. If you're staying for a while, there's a Trader Joe's across the street and a Whole Foods a few blocks away. There's just not much room to keep stuff in the room and no fridge.	
Apr 14 2009 	nice hotel friendly staff great location just way too small	This hotel was cute and nicely renovated. Pros: Comfortable bed and linensModern clean innovative décorStaff was friendly and helpful – especially the door men (they seemed to know more about local restaurants etc than the front desk!)Great breakfastFantastic locationGood priceNice bathroom (albeit smallish)Accommodated a way early check in without blinking an eyeCons:Elevator was antiquated and took way too long most of the timeThe room was just too small (we had room 1107). I pride myself as a New Yorker in putting up with small rooms, but this room takes the cake – and it was a Priority Club Platinum room upgrade too! There was literally only enough room to walk in the door, open the closet door, pull the 1 small chair from under the desk, and walk around both sides of the queen bed. No dresser to speak of either – just 3 filing cabinet drawers in the closet.Only 1 small of center window in the room. I knew the hotel was sold out so I didn’t ask to see any other rooms so I can only speak for the 1 room.To sum up – This is a really cute little hotel with great service and some nice amenities, but due to the size of the rooms I don’t think I would stay there again – which is strange, because small rooms don’t generally bother me too much, but it was just THAT small. If you find a great rate on this hotel and really aren’t going to be in the room or if you are by yourself it could be a nice deal.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location excellent price	Stayed overnight on a concert going trip. I was quite pleasantly surprised by the renovation. Nice room that wasn't a standard cookie cutter square box.	
Mar 12 2009	4 Night Stay- Very Pleasant Modern feel hotel	Holiday Inn express, also know as Hotel Cass, underwent a 15 billion dollar refurb thank goodness.I book for 4 nights, got a ridiculously low rate of $40 a night all inclusive as i booked a hotel/flight package with lastminute.com. I was sceptical thinking i would be put in a room reserved for priceline/orbitz bookers but i had a normal hotel room.i even got some extras as im a priority reward club holder. Hotel staff were all nice except one who needed cheering up, doormen helpful ordering cabs and giving out umbrellers when it rained. breakfast was good choice, not many hotels in chaicago offer complimentary brekkie. Location was great, a mile from the lake shore and navy pier but its a nice safe walk. Loads of bars around, hard rock is a 5 minute walk, excalibur nightclub even closer. John hancock tower is a 15 min walk, the mag mile is 2-3 mins away allthough i was dissapointed with the mag mile. Its nothing on 5th avenue in NYCRooms are small but modern, LCD tv on the wall with 5-6 HD channels and a good range of other channels. Bathroom is modern, no probs whatsoever, choice of soft-hard pillows is a nice touch. Free wifi was usefulI would recommend this hotel for the price its great, i cant see a reason to go sheraton or hilton next time im in town. All it lacks is a bar but there are plenty close by.If im really critical id say the cleanleness isnt too great when you walk around the hotel lobby and hallways, in my room where the skirting boards meet the carpet it was full of dust and the coloured carpet really showed it up.	
Feb 22 2009 	A 5 Star Value at 5 Star Location.	My review is consistent with others. This is very European style of hotel. Located in a older building, small lobby with rooms that are very clean, neat but small. This is not a Hilton or Sheraton but you are not $300/night either. We stayed over the Valentine Weekend for less than $100/night including breakfast. Breakfast is average but more than adequate. The staff is very friendly. And security is good. Your room card is required to operate the elevator and the front door late at night. Two blocks west of Michigan Ave and four blocks south of Water Tower, handy Trader Vic around the corner, two blocks to the Red Line. Could not be more convenient.	
Dec 21 2008 	As Expected	First let me start off by touching on the topic of the hotel itself. Some of the pictures on this website depict the hotel before it was renovated and converted to a Holiday Inn Express. It is much nicer now. Secondly, on the topic of the rooms. Sure, they are small, but one must consider that this is a historic hotel from the 1920s. Not your average roadside, &quot;Cookie-Cutter&quot; Holiday Inn Express with giant &quot;suites&quot;. The rooms are modern, and serve their purpose.Upon check-in, the process was fast and efficient, and the staff was courteous, and up to standard, and the clerk was even willing to switch our room type to a different bed. When I arrived in my room, it was clean on the surface, however there were some issues that could have been prevented by housekeeping, such as a hair in the bed, and a burned out light bulb in the lamp (maintenance did replace). Additionally, there was a big black spot in the shower. The breakfast was delicious, however the staff couldn't have been any less friendly. Neither of the three breakfast hostesses were greeting or talking guests. They would bring food out and then go back in the kitchen and talk and eat. (door was propped open).Overall good hotel, clean, safe, comfortable, but not amazing.Would recommend however.	
Dec 5 2008	I LOVE Chicago!!!	Nice and cozy, room maybe a little small, but who cares? I was in only to sleep. And when it was too cold outside, the lobby provided comfortable armchairs and a fireplace... Everybody was very friendly in spite of the cold weather - I'd say warm people in the windy city!	
Nov 12 2008	Excellent hotel great value	Really great location, nice renovation job, good free breakfast, friendly staff....what more do you need?The rooms are small - maybe for a,ericans used to junior suites - but for us europeans, the rooms are normal sized. With everything you could need in them.As for the corridors being noarrow? I'm not sure which corridors this person saw, but I didn't see a narrow corridor.....really great hotel in a location that would be hard to beat for the money. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 17 2008 	Location great room small facilities disappointing	The location is great. Very convenient to restaurants, entertainment and shopping. The rooms are very small. Not what you would expect in a Holiday Inn Express. The room was clean and the service was good. The public areas are disappointing. There is a lack of tables in the breakfast area. You have to go to the second floor for vending. The front desk staff was pretty good. I doubt I would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2008	Incredible Service	Incredible staff, I would reccomend this hotel to anyone. Not only did they go above and beyond their duties as hotel staff members, but they truly gave me a personal experience in such a huge city. The hotel is in a great location and if I ever returned to Chicago, I will book my stay at this hotel in a heatbeat.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great hotel - fanastic staff	Booked this hotel through their website, we were there for 4 nights and had a great time. Have to agree with the other reviews in that the rooms are tiny, we had a twin room....the beds got in, desk and 2 chairs, the 42 inch TV was mounted on the wall and we had to work round them. As we were out most of the time this wasn't a problem. The staff here were all excellent, with a special mention to the maids and the doormen. We were always greeted nicely asked if we needed directions/cabs etc and the rooms were all clean and tidy.Breakfast was also excellent, and more than expected. There were 2 PC's in the breakfast room with free internet access and I believe that there was free wi-fi connection. 2 blocks from the Mag Mile and 3 blocks from the river, excellent!	
Sep 25 2008 	Hotel Cass - would stay there again!	My husband and I recently spent two nights at the Hotel Cass. The rooms are small by US standards but they reminded me of the hotels in Europe! The location is convenient to the Mag Mile and the trains. The hotel staff was very helpful, responsive and welcoming. I would return.	
Sep 23 2008 	Claustrophobics beware!	If you are in the least bit claustrophic, beware. My room was clean, but TINY! It was about the size of a small bedroom. No room for a desk or a chest of drawers. The HDTV was mounted on the wall. The bathroom sink had no counter space. I had to open my suitcase on the bed when I needed to get something from it. Even the outside hallways are extremely narrow. True, its a bargain compared to other hotels in the immediate neighborhood, but I just felt too uncomfortable in the room to spend any time in it (other than sleeping).	
Aug 13 2008 	Possible Credit Card Scam	When I checked in the hotel put a $50 hold on my credit card for &quot;incidentals.&quot; I was assured that this charge would be erased when I checked out if there were no additional charges to my room. There were not. However, the charge was never removed from my credit card. I called my bank, which told me to call the hotel and tell them to FAX them a signed note on letterhead saying that they would release the charges. The woman at the front desk tried to argue with me about whose fault it was that the charges were not removed, and then summarily transferred me to the voice mailbox of the Accounting and HR representative. I left this person a detailed voice message but have not heard back.	
Aug 11 2008	Great Mother's Day Weekend	My 9 year old daughter and I loved this boutique hotel. (ie., it is small). The free breakfast was a bit crowed but a great way to start the day. The location could not be more perfect. We walked everywhere including Wendella Boat Tours, American Girl Place, and John Hancock Tower. The beds were extremely comfy and we felt safe. The staff was great-I wish I could remember their names! I travel a lot and stay various classes of hotels and I can honestly say this is the most perfect hotel for a site seeing trip in Chicago! We will definently return to this hotel.	
Aug 6 2008 	Small room Great Location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express the 1st week of August. This hotel has been completely remodeled and doesn't in any way resemble the older pictures submitted by travelers. The photos on the hotel website are accurate as this is a very nice hotel.The good: The location was hard to beat! 2 blocks off the Mag mile with parking right around the corner. Easy walking to all main downtown attractions. The breakfast was fine with many cold options. I was disappointed that they didn't have any fresh fruit and were out of milk which made having cereal out of the question. It is hard to find a reasonably priced hotel with a breakfast in the downtown.The bad:Quite possibly the smallest hotel room we have ever been in. We had a room with one queen and the room was not much larger than the bed. If you do not spend much time in the room, it should be no problem. I would not recommend for a long stay.We were there during a tornado warning and there did not seem to be any information available on what to do in the event of this kind of emergency.All in all, not a bad stay. If the price was right, I would stay again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great for location not for breakfast!	The main plus for this hotel is location, location, location. Within a couple of blocks you will find yourself on Mag Mile and there are loads of great restaurants nearby Unos, Duos, ESPN Zone, Chilis, Hard Rock Cafe, Rainforest Cafe, CPK to name a few so you won't go hungry. The rooms were on the small side but were tastefully decorated and were clean - big LCD TV on the wall at the bottom of the bed but be careful - there wasn't enough room to walk past the bed without bumping your head on the TV plus we didn't seem to get all the TV channels. It was supposed to be HD - we were lucky if we had 2 HD channels. Thought about complaining to reception but they always seemed busy. Had free WIFI in the room which was a big plus. My biggest gripe was the breakfast area - there were not enough tables to start and I don't know if it was because we stayed at a particularly busy time but you had to queue to get to the breakfast bar and then most of the food/cutlery/cups was gone and we had to wait longer to get a spoon or a fork! There didn't seem to be enough staff to clear what tables there were so if you found a spare table, chances are you had to share it with the previous occupants leftovers. Also the other strange thing was the disco music in the elevators! Im not sure If I would stay at this hotel again, it would be dependant upon the price.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great staff creepy and technologically challenged rooms	Overall, the staff was excellent; unfortunately, certain aspects of the hotel were horrible. I could not get a cell phone call anywhere in my room during my entire stay, my alarm clock had no reception, and my tv couldn't receive half of the stations.To make matters worse, I found hair in my bathroom in addition to a tick in my sink. The tick was there when I arrived, so I know I didn't bring it.And one day when I came back to the room, all the lights had been left on and the trash can was in the middle of the hallway--as if someone was still lurking in the room, waiting to pop out and scare the heck out of me.Good breakfast and comfortable beds, but I won't be staying again. Be advised that most cabbies won't know where this is (name has changed recently); make sure to mention the Wabash address.	
Jun 12 2008	Best rate for great location	This hotel was a great find. Right in the middle of it all, and a great rate. Best of all, the staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. I would recommend to anyone. This is not a luxury hotel, but what you get for the money is a fabulous value.	
May 20 2008 	Great Choice!	Great Hotel..Needed a one night stay in the city. Most hotels over 300.00. This hotel was half that, and a great location. Walked to Geno's Pizza, Mag. Mile. Staff was very freindly!! Rooms are very small, but hey doesn't matter. Very clean, comfortable beds, flat screen TV...just perfect!!! Book it!!!	
Apr 28 2008 	Cool but small room pleasant staff great location!	We stayed here for a weekend and I was surprised how close it was to all the good stuff! Literally a hop and skip away to Michigan Ave! The room was small, but it was tastefully done--ours looked like the room from the picture on the website. If we wanted to spend more time in the room, I would have felt cramped, but we had a limited amount of time in the city, so it was good for the $140 we paid. The view from the room was nothing to write home about, but there was a nice flat screen tv in it and the bathroom was VERY CLEAN! There were some drunk people yelling in the hallway in the middle of the night, but they quieted down pretty quickly. I think that because of the location near many, many bars, that's to be expected. Staff was pleasant and helpful. There was a free breakfast with fresh fruit, bacon, eggs, cereal, etc.--the only problem was that people left their plates behind on the tables and kitchen staff didn't clean up those tables.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great place to stay	Six of us drove from Toronto for a roadtrip to Chicago the weekend of April 19. After a long drive, we arrived at the hotel greeted by the doorman who was ready and eager to help us with our bags.The location of the hotel was perfect. Walking distance to everywhere you wanted to go. It was great because i did not want to drive another kilometre while in the City. Had my fill of driving to and fro. Very close the Michigan Ave. Magnificent mile. The hotel is surrounded by restaurants, shopping, nightlife and tourist spots.Rooms: We had 2 rooms for 6 people and it was perfect. The rooms were clean, tidy and nicely decorated. The HD tvs were a great touch. The towels were soft and the beds were firm. The rooms were on the smaller side.The staff was friendly and always helpful with directions, recommending restaurants and other points of interest. The hotel offers free continental breakfast every morning which is perfect if you are on the go and complimentary coffe, tea and hot chocolate throughout the day. The lobby is beautiful and welcoming with plenty of places to sit and meet.Overall, my friends and I had a pleasant experience and I would stay there again.	
Apr 14 2008 	Size of a tuna can	Great location, but no restaurant, no fitness center. And my room was TINY...the size of a tuna can. Stayed for a week, and felt too cramped to do anything. Noisy hallways, and I was on the top floor!Not good for a business travelor, that needs bigwork space, room serivce, night time drink, etc. Great for a weekend shopping trip with the girls, if you all get seperate rooms! Great customer service though!Won't stay again.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Place!	As previous reviewers have commented... &quot;the rooms are small&quot;. It's true. If you are one who needs to spread out, have special places to tuck clothes away and hang items up, this hotel choice may not be for you. However, if you're looking for a hotel that's very reasonably priced, has a great location, provides a nice breakfast bar that's free each morning, is nicely appointed and very clean... this may be a perfect match for you. My mother &amp; I stayed here with my two girls for 3 nights. The American Girl Store, my daughters' favorite, was an easy walk. We walked everywhere, with exception of the Science and Industry Museum. We felt safe at all times &amp; really enjoyed being able to get out and explore the city on our own. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly, helpful, and eager to please. If you are coming to Chicago to get out and see the city during the day &amp; want to come home to a comfortable bed and very clean place everynight.... check out Hotel Cass Holiday Inn Express!	
Mar 25 2008 	Good Value	My wife &amp; two kids stayed here for two nights last week. I used Holiday Inn Priority Club points so it was free except parking. As a veteran road warrior I thought I'd seen everything--but the room wasn't small..it was tiny. The only piece of furniture was a table the size of a dinner plate. A chair would have been nice but there would be no place to put it. Other than the room size we enjoyed our stay. Great staff, HD TV, an excellent free breakfast and a perfect location. This is a very good value for one or two people in the room. With young kids you need some down time and it was tough to do in the room.	
Jan 31 2008 	Convenient and Modern	My mom and I stayed here for one night while visiting Chicago to see an Oprah taping. We needed a clean room for a short overnight trip and the Holiday Inn Hotel Cass did the trick. The red line train is two blocks away on E. Grand Ave and taxis are easy to access in front. Restaurants surround the area. Each staff member we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The lobby is nicely updated with a fireplace and sitting area. A complimentary breakfast is available beginning at 6:30am on weekdays in the lobby and I was impressed by the spread. The room, though compact, was clean, modern and agreeable for the price. We had a room on the street side offering us a nice view of the sears tower and other high rises. On the negative side, the walls are thin and I could hear our neighbor’s TV and sirens from outside. A housekeeping cart was parked in front of our room making it impossible to enter without moving it and thankfully, we did because it remained outside our door our entire visit. The bathrooms, while nice, are tiny with no counter space. And although the hotel has been updated, perhaps the bathroom piping has not because it made a funny, loud belching sound every time the toilet flushed. But these concerns were minor during our one night stay and I was satisfied with our choice.	
Jan 8 2008 	A Gem!	Not your average Holiday Inn Express!This hotel had an elegant feel just a couple blocks off Michigan Avenue. Old brick building, nice lobby, great staff. The doorman was exceptional. Room are quite small but nicely appointed. The location can't be beat...walk to everything..shopping, dining, Art Institute, Millennium Park. Very reasonably priced for the great location. I would definitely stay there again on my next trip to Chicago and would recommend it to friends also.	
Jan 5 2008 	Good Place	I have not read all the reviews here but the hotel is certainly a far cry from the bad reviews it received in 2003. The rooms are basic yet pleasant. It has been remodled in recent times. The bathrooms were new and spotless. The rooms don't look chique as they do in the Holiday Inn website but don't be discouraged by this. I am fussy about hotels and I had no complaints. What surprised me the most, was the outstanding service by the staff from the doorman, check in, and housekeeping. I would have thought I was staying in the most expensive hotel in Chicago by the high level of service here. It was so good that although I have stayed at places a little nicer in the same price class in the neighborhood, the service really stood out and I will stay here again because of it. They had a &quot;real&quot; complimentary breakfast with scrambled eggs and cinamon rolls on the menu, one of the better free breakfasts i have experienced.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Hotel Cass	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hotel Cass/Holiday Inn express in Chicago.From arriving to departing we found the staff freindly and welcoming.Yes the rooms are on the small side but are in good condition,..bed was comfortable,flat screen tv on the wall,in room safe,iron and board etc,....the bathroom was very small but in excellent condition.The location is excellent,we walked everywhere,mag mile,sears tower,hancock observation deck,grant park,navy pier.Plenty of restraunts in the area and a starbucks over the road.We never had the free breakfast,but helped ourselves to coffee when we returned to the hotel in the afternoon.All in all we would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a visit to chicago,you just can,t beat it for price and location.We will definatley return to the hotel cass when visiting this great city again,...next time in the warmer months of the year!!!	
Jan 3 2008 	Good Value - Great Location	Here for New Year's Eve, 12/29/07 to 1/1/08. Reserved a room with 2 beds - none available entire stay. Apparently very few rooms with 2 beds. Had 1 queen bed - very comfy and nice linens. The room was TINY, but functional. Nice towels and toiletries (vanilla/sugar/cinnamon scented -- yummy). Nice wall-mounted flat panel TV with many movie choices. Excellent free hot breakfast every day: eggs, fresh bicuits, sausage gravy, sausage, bacon, cinnamon rolls, toast, bagels, cereal, fruit, coffee, tea, milk, 4 choices of juice. Staff very friendly and helpful; delightful doorman. Very convenient location -- 2 blocks off Michigan Avenue, and walking distance to water tower to the north, and to auditorium to the south. Easy CTA train and bus connections. Despite the small room, I would recommend this hotel for couples or friends for a long weekend jaunt. It was newly remodeled in April 07 I believe. Only negative was one of the two elevators broke on the massive checkout day of Jan 1.	
Dec 25 2007 	Loved it!	We just got back from a three night stay at the Holiday Inn Express/Hotel Cass. We paid $90/night, which we thought was a real bargain for the close proximity to all the sights/shopping we were taking in.The lobby is very nicely decorated in a modern theme, as are the rooms. The rooms are SMALL, but it really didn't bother us for a three night stay. The hotel staff we met were excellent, both the front desk personnel and the two doormen (the doormen were really top notch).We thought the breakfast was great for being included in the room price - they had all the regular colds (danishes/muffins/bagels/cereals/yogurt/fruit), plus bacon/sausage/gravy/eggs. The eggs were not hot, so that wasn't good, but the rest was very good.We walked to Ed Debovics (daughter loved this place), Giardano's Pizza, Lawry's Prime Rib, Michigan Avenue, the Lego Store, plus much, much more. Short cab rides (under $8) got us to Sears Tower, Navy Pier and Macy's State Street. This hotel is so centrally located, that for the price, unless you are claustrophobic, it is a definate must .	
Dec 24 2007 	It's easy to reccomend this hotel	This property goes well beyond HIE’s reputation of a Spartan &amp; no frills approach to room amenities and locale. As a platinum Priority Awards member, I stay at many IC properties every year, and this was the best property I stayed at this year by far (sorry Holiday Inn SFO Golden Gateway).This property doesn't look like a Holiday Inn Express except for the &quot;Holiday Inn Express&quot; signage above the front door. A doorman opened the door and welcomed us, leading us to the very impressive and simple décor in the front lobby. I arrived at 1000hrs and was promptly checked in with my traveling companion without incident. The front desk staff weren’t snide or rude by any means, but were rather quite proficient and genuine I must say. Some properties you can get great service and understand how they can be rude to other travelers that submit reviews on here, but I really didn't see how that could be possible, with the front desk clerks that I dealt with, at least. The front desk staff were not abrupt or rude, neither were they obnoxious or phony. After the entire checkin process, they even asked if I have &quot;any questions about the local area&quot;, and a map was offered. We were assigned room 605.The hallways were extremely small and cramped and so was the room. There was enough space to walk and leave my luggage. The usage of a flat screen tv (with HD channels!) was a good choice. Despite the small size, the room made very good use of space. The double bed was spacious, that’s all I care about. Remember that this is central Chicago, not suburban Kansas, so the rooms are going to be sized accordingly. The decoration of the room was incredible and way beyond what you would expect for a HIE. The bathroom was small but the usage of a wall mounted counter was wise. The shower was great but the inner shower curtain was full of mildew. Otherwise, no complains with the maintenance. The view from the room was, well, claustrophobic. I didn’t mind it too much and I think it was kind of nice and a bit charming, to be honest. Everything in the room worked; plugins, 802.11, lights, climate control, everything.I always find holiday inn express hotels to have the best service due to the simple approach to the manner in which they operate. However, ‘The Cass’ went way beyond what I have experienced with past HIE properties. The property’s doorman acted way more professionally and genuinely than doormen that I have seen at a Westin or Hyatt. He would offer to summon cabs, ask if you knew where you were going, he would even say 'welcome back' when I drunkenly stumbled into the hotel at 9pm. Service all around was great. I wasn't very demanding this trip, however, so I cannot say how good the service can get.The breakfast area was superb; at any hour (even after drinks at the late hour of, yes, 9pm) you can help yourself to coffee, tea, milk, and yogurt. There were even two computers that you can use (gratis) which are hidden behind the breakfast lounge. What I think would be a nice touch for this space that’s largely vacant 20 hours a day is if they had evening snacks, maybe even an honor bar? I know it's not very holiday inn express’y, but it would be very boutique. The breakfast was also great, albeit of no nutritional value except the bananas. There was cereal, cinnamon buns, and a &quot;hot food coming soon!&quot; sign where the hot food should go. Along with the lack of any nutritional breakfasts, my beef is that this breakfast only ran from 0630-0930, but I suppose this caters best to their business traveler/middle aged tourist demographic that dominates this hotel.Check out was great. Hours before checkout, we asked for a late check out of 1600hrs, but we were told that we would have to pay a half day rate for this. I asked the latest free check out that we could get which was 1330hrs. I played the 'I'm platinum' card and they pushed over to 1500hrs. I think that was a fair compromise (although it's a long stride from the westin's 4pm no questions asked guarantee). The check out was under 60 seconds and without incident.The location was amazing, you had a jewel osco for your grocery and cheap liquor needs four blocks south west, CTA three blocks (grand/state station?) south and west, mag mile three blocks east, and lots of great places to eat within blocks. the Hancock Observatory and MCA are very close to the east as well. Tip with the Hancock Observatory: go to the bar and buy a $12 (triple) martini. Not only do you get a drink for the same price as one in Toronto or some other Scandinavian/Canadian city, you can enjoy it from the 95th floor overlooking Chicago in a very unpretentious environment (dress business casual at least, unless you want to look like an [--]). Besides, it's the same cost as admission to the family-filled observatory anyways.Apart from my suggestions that the breakfast should run later, evening snacks would be a nice touch, and that the shower curtain in 605 needs to get changed (badly), nothing could have gone better. This property will be my first choice for a future stay in Chicago at any rate. The managers here know how to run a hotel and it shows. Book this property, you will not regret it. And if the other reviews deter you: remember that this is a Holiday Inn Express, not a W. If you pay $150/night, you get $150/night in amenities. If you want the W, fork over $400/night.	
Dec 12 2007 	It's hard to recommend this hotel	My friend and I stayed at the Hotel Cass in October 2007. It had recently opened after an extensive renovation. Unfortunately, the rooms are very small, with little room to place one's luggage and only a few small drawers inside the closet. We encountered many problems. One night the thermostat didn't function and we couldn't lower the heat (it was promptly fixed the next morning). We were caught without hot or cold water for several hours one morning, while the hotel was working on a plumbing problem. And our door had to be fixed because it kept jamming shut, requiring us to push hard with our shoulders to try to open it (this was eventually fixed too). The elevator dinged loudly every time it arrived at our floor and it woke me up early every morning. I essentially ignored the meager breakfast, taking only tea and a piece of fruit to start my day. Oh, and one other irritation for me--there was one lamp between the two beds, but no private reading lamps; so turning on the lamp meant disturbing my friend. On the plus side, the doormen are helpful and super-friendly, and the hotel is in a central location. By the time taxes were added onto our bill, we were paying about $285 a night (and this was with a AAA discount that applied for one of the nights only). At checkout time, my friend matter of factly pointed out to the supervisor at the desk our problems with the thermostat, the lack of water, and the door that jammed. She very kindly offered to give us a $200 discount on our bill. Nonetheless, I cannot recommend this hotel. At that price, we encountered too many problems.	
Dec 9 2007 	Noisy Small Rooms Never again	My husband, teenage son and I spent 1 Saturday night at this Holiday Inn Express. We found the room to be clean but very cramped with 2 double beds. This hotel was formerly known as the Hotel Cass. Unfortunately when the hotel was renovated, the rooms were not enlarged and are cramped with odd shapes. Our room had only one lamp, so we didn't have a reading light. The room had only 2 cups, no hairdryer or kleenix. The walls were not soundproof so we heard the elevator dings, outside sirens and the neighbors shower. The room lacked a place to put suitcases, had no table or chair. We had actually changed from a room next to the elevator to avoid hearing the elevator going up/ down. Breakfast was cold foods with a sign indicating hot food &quot;coming soon&quot; which meant sometieme at a future date.The room had a tiny closet with a safe, the mattess was comfortable and staff accomodating. Location near Michigan Ave. The room rate seemed reasonable until we discovered the disappointing room. We expected more from a Holiday Inn Express.	
Nov 7 2007 	Rude desk service good location	Stayed in Chicago for a conference. Basic and clean hotel, recently but cheaply renovated, cramped rooms. The bathroom ceiling leaked in our room,and fixtures are poorly installed.Night and evening staff attitude is in need of some serious adjustment. I witnessed some unacceptable behavior towards fellow foreign conference attendees in need of assistance, as well as a clumsy and reluctant attitude towards our own basic needs such as heating. I am sure in a great city like Chicago, one could find a more pleasant place to stay.J	
Nov 1 2007 	very small and noisy	I was in Chicago for a conference and booked the hotel through the conference's housing commity. 215$/night. The hotel is in a great location. The rooms are very small. couldn't get around the bed without bending out of the way of the flat screen TV mounted on the wall. TV is flat screen but most channels are distorted because it is a 16:9 screen. No movie on demand either. Breakfast was very simple. Very poorly furnished. Only a tiny desk with a simple chair. No couch. Mind you, there wasn't any room for anything else. The worst thing was that the room (#1606) was close to the elevators and the wooshing of the elevators kept waking me up all night long. Very noisy, I heard similar complaints from other guests. When the hotel staff could not find me another room (they said it was all booked, even though I know people were checking out) I checked out and stayed at the sheraton for 220/night. In short, too small and noisy for the price they charge.	
Oct 30 2007 	Enjoyed the Holiday Inn express formerly cass Hotel in chicago	The Holiday inn Express Hotel, on N. Wabash is the former Cass Hotel. The renovations were extensive and evident. The lobby was done in an art deco theme and had alot of space to eat the Holiday Inn Express breakfast in the morning. There were numerous tables, sofas, chairs, flat screen tv's arranged in a comfortable way. The linens, beds,bathroom fixturesand flat screen TV's are all new:however, the rooms, hallways and elevators are small. If this is an issue for you, do not book this hotel. The location is wonderful, very close to the Water Tower where you catch the buses and trolleys. There are plenty of restaurantsnear by from expensive to chairns and fast food. The price was a bargain compared to other hotels I checked with a similar location. It was wonderful to be so close to Michigan Ave and all forms of transportation.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great location!	Just back from a week at the Hotel Cass. First time in Chicago and its convienent to all locations. Nearest CTA is Grand 2 blocks away so we got the Blue line from O'hare to downtown then changed for the red line to Grand all for $2.The hotel is 2 blocks from Michigan Avenue and there are a few resturants nearby, we loved the Grand Lux Cafe, huge portions and great food.The breakfast at the hotel was a good selection. toast, muffins, bagels, cereal etc.Staff were helpful espically Steve the doormanWe paid $208 a night which I thought was good value and if returning to Chicago Hotel Cass would be my first choice.	
Oct 7 2007	Vote Yes for Cass...	First time at the Cass and we were very impressed, just went through a renovation and they are very competitive with others in the area. More a boutique hotel, nice flat panel TV's in room and very comfortable beds!! Decor is modern and the lobby is very cool.Stayed one night and we will always come here for a quite nights stay.	
Oct 2 2007	great new look	I thought the cass hotel was an excellent choice. Actually the photos that trip advisor has on their site do not have the new look since the renovation. the color schemes in the rooms are beautiful and the staff are just wonderful. I loved the tvs and movable tables in the rooms. You can also adjust the temperature of the room yourself, which is good because I like it cool at night. I stayed in their suite which was excellent with the dividing doors. I truely loved the hotel and cant wait to go back.	
Sep 28 2007 	Convenient but much too expensive	I was treating my sister to a trip to the Chicago area as it was her first trip back there for 40 years since she spent a year at a High School on the North Shore. I was astounded at hotel prices, but I chose this hotel as it was to be brand new after being refurbished at great cost. It was formerly the Hotel Cass and reviewers rave about that hotel, but what they emphasise is the low price and great location.We arrived after a minor fire, the receptionist kept answering the phone instead of dealing with us and then we had to walk up to our room on the sixth floor. The room was small, with very little space for our luggage and virtually no hanging space. The safe didn't work. The bathroom was tiny. The free daily newspaper did not materialise. The worst feature was the breakfast which was included in the price ($229 plus lots of tax for Saturday night and $329 plus tax for Sunday and Monday nights). The newly opened hotel advertised its 'Signature hot cinammon rolls'. these were available on Sunday morning but not on the next two. We asked for them and were told that there were none.When I checked out, I was asked whether we had been happy with everything and when I mentioned the breakfast she took absolutely no notice.On the plus side, the beds and bedding were very comfortable, but I feel that I paid far too much for what we got and I feel let down. On reflection I ought to have paid slightly more to be in a really classy hotel or considerably less to be in an acceptable Best Western or similar in a slightly less convenient location.We bought CTA passes and these allowed us to travel anywhere, so getting from the Loop to the Magnificent Mile was not a problem.	
Sep 20 2007 	Holiday Inn Goes Trendy: Flashy and Overpriced	I've stayed at the Cass Hotel many times but my latest visit was after its new Holiday Inn affiliation and recent renovation. Despite its facelift, the Cass is in many ways still the original Cass. The main difference now is the price, my room cost $230 a night only because I was attending a convention in the city. Otherwise, it would've been $330. Unfortunately, I saw nothing substantial that accounted for the mark-up.The rooms at the Cass are very, very small, ideal for small folks with little luggage. Despite its size, my room was newly redone along IKEA lines. But it was tight with 2 double beds. The rooms are so small they're uninviting. They're not meant to be relaxed in. The Cass made sense before as a budget hotel (then a room was $80 a night) that provided a place to lay your head but no more. Unfortunately the hipster decor couldn't remedy the situation. Also, half of my floor was still under renovation and big fans were working 24/7 to dry some paint. One morning, I woke up to an electric drill. On both mornings that I was there, I was also unable to open my door from the inside. Maintenance staff said the door was stuck to its frame because the paint wasn't dry and the old wooden door had expanded from the humidity. It was a lot of inconvenience for $220 a night. The best thing about the Cass, then and now, is its location. But for the money, you can find a more spacious, luxurious room at one of the many hotels nearby. I came hoping to see some of my old budget motel and I did, just underneath the facelift for a name brand price.	
Apr 4 2007	Would stay there again anytime	I've stayed at the Cass Hotel in 2004. (Yes I know it's a bit late to write a review but better laten than never :-) )I liked it. I come from Germany, traveled by myself and the rates of this hotel allowed me to stay for two weeks in Chicago. It's in a great location (the House Of Blues is within walking distance for all you music lovers, so is the lake and some shopping areas), it was very clean and actually quite comfy - but I guess that depends on how much money you usually have and the places you usually stay in. The staff was very friendly and helpfull and I felt safe at all times, but then again I traveled half the world by myself and hardly ever get scared. I walked from the bus or the House of Blues to the hotel at all times at night and never had a problem with it. It was quiet at night, the rooms are pretty big (we Europeans always say that about Hotel rooms in the US), the water in the bathroom worked - what more can you ask for? I had a bagel and a coffee downstairs in the small cafe/diner/deliand that was enough to start my day. So yes, I'd bookmarked the address for that hotel and would stay there again.Kathy	
Nov 9 2006	Not great!	Stayed at this hotel August 2005. The location was great but the hotel itself is in need of moderisation. I didn't pay very much for the room as I got a special rate due to it being a stopover hotel for a TrekAmerica tour and it's a good job because I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price for such a pokey, old fashioned room.I am usully quite content to stay in cheap and cheerful hotels seeing as I never spend very much time in the room, but my room at the Cass was tiny, with chintz bedspreads and wallpaper, and there was grime on the skirting boards and window sills. The place just didn't feel clean.Staff seemed pre-occupied when approached and the lifts were very slow.I got the feeling that because this hotel is used by a lot of students and 20 somethings (i.e. the TrekAmerica crowd) the staff just can't be bothered.I wouldn't chose to stay here again. Shame about the hotel because I loved Chicago and would definitely return.	
Oct 11 2006 	what a dump	Stayed in a single bed room, #1000. Cold, no heat in hotel, noisy from neighbors and elevator, tilting floors, view of a wall. Maybe there are better rooms in this place but I simply went to another hotel since the heat was off throughout. Beware the hot water when taking a shower if your neighbor flushes their toilet. OUCH! Best thing about this hotel is the location. Not worth spending any waking moments in the room. If I had to stay here again, I would ask for a south facing room away from the elevator and up enough stories to see over the adjacent structure. Street side (east) is close to the elevators.	
Sep 29 2006 	The Cass should drop the "C"	The Cass was a horrible hotel! While there are some pro's, the con's definitely outweigh the pro's. First of all, there were bugs in the bed and spiders on the ceiling. Secondly, the bathtub was so filthy that we could not stand on the floor of the tub without slipping. In order to stand on the gross tub-floor, we had to lay a towel on it. Third of all, when we asked the front desk for extra towels, the employee kept questioning why we wanted extra towels. Yes, the hotel is very cheap and the location was convenient, but if you want a clean, cheap, well located hotel, go to the Red Roof Inn Downtown.	
Aug 10 2006 	Very Good Budget Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Cass to visit relatives (coincidentally during Lollapalooza - August 4-7, 2006). You can't beat $89/night for two blocks off Michigan Ave! Very close to the red line &quot;L&quot; and the Lakeshore Drive bike/running path (which I used extensively - gorgeous!). Even though the place was full of rowdy concert-goers, our room was very quiet - we slept quite well. The elevators are slow and the decor is very no-frills, but the room was clean and we were very happy with not spending an arm and a leg. The Cass isn't for those seeking a night of luxury downtown, but rather those needing a clean place to sleep while checking out the many things to do in Chicago.	
Jul 27 2006 	Ideal location	We stayed two nights and we were pleased that the hotel exceeded our expections. For a budget hotel this one is fantastic. The location can't be beat - minutes from Michigan Ave. We booked through their own web site and received the best deal - $89.00/night. The room was big, roomy and very clean. While the decor was plain, the beds were comfortable. There was a small refrigerator and extra sink, but no microwave. The bathroom was spotless. The view from our room was lovely and even though it was July, we didn't need to turn on the air conditioner once. The elevators are painfully slow, but big enough to fit six or seven people with luggage. Staff were extremely nice and helpful - we were able to check in three hours before the posted time. On our last day we stored our luggage at the front desk for the afternoon before our evening departure. The cafe provides an inexpensive, tasty cooked to order breakfast. The hotel was full of tourists from all over the world and had a European feel. I highly recommend this place.	
Jun 22 2006	Great stuff	Spent 5 nights at the Cass recently. Great location. Handy cafe for breakfast. Every member of staff was helpful, friendly and efficient. It is close to Michigan Avenue and bus routes, Hard Rock Cafe, Blue Chicago (both). $15 cab ride to Kingston Mines, B.L.U.E.S., and Rosa'a Lounge. They have obviously read previous reviews as the towels were fine and fluffy(ish)!!!!!	
Jun 19 2006	Excellent location and a brilliant price!	I stayed at the Cass Hotel at the end of March/beginning of April for Wrestlemania 22 weekend.This hotel is in a brilliant location, minutes from the magnificent mile and starbucks! We requested a high floor and got exactly that - the top 16th floor. The hotel was clean and tidy, the room, although smallish was adequate for our stay. The Cass even has a cafe/breakfast area open in the mornings. Internet access was also very helpful ($1 for 5 minutes).All major downtown atraction were within easy reach of the hotel and the train system is easy to get to grips with. Took two trips on the CTA to Rosemont for the WWE Hall of Fame 2006 and again for Wrestlemania 22 - with trains running every few minutes.Excellent hotel - recommended.	
Jun 15 2006	Fabulous price fabulous location nothing fabulous about the rooms.	The location of the Cass hotel is wonderful for shopping the Magnificent Mile, John Hancock Tower, Water Tower Place, American Girl Place, Navy Pier, and tons of fun restaurants close by. The rooms were disappointing, small, the beds and pillows were very uncomfortable and cheap, only one elevator worked, not handicapped accessible or stroller friendly, and my teenager was afraid to use the bathroom (it was very old, but pretty clean.) That being said, we only paid $79 a night by reserving 2 months in advance. We were only in the room to sleep, so it was functional. They provided soap and shampoo, but nothing else, so we went to Walgreens down the street. The towels were wonderful, though! It gets an above average rating from me because of the price and location. As long as you know what you are getting, the value is unbeatable.	
May 22 2006 	Great Location Good Price	Stayed at the Cass May 18-21,2006. Big restaurant show in town raising most hotel rooms to outrageous prices. We got a decent sized double for $89/night -- less than half of what was showing up anywhere in the downtown area. The check in time is three but when we arrived at one we were given our room right away. The hotel is in the Near North area -- just a few blocks from a Red Line subway stop, close to lots of great restaurants and shops. The location cannot be beat and the rooms, while, basic, are acceptable and the staff very pleasant. We chose to stay on the the top floor to get a view, this was fine except that one of the two elevators was broken most of the time we were there (and the hotel was completely full.) Unlike in other reviews the soaps and shampoo provided were very nice (Neutrogena) but the towels were rather worn. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were well cleaned. The biggest negative was poor water pressure in the shower. The staff was very friendly and helpful. All in all, if you won't be spending a lot of time in your room (and there's no need to with all that's going on in the area.) this is a great bargain. Don't know how long the deals will last as the hotel is about to be rennovated. Even if you don't stay at the Cass, check out the lounge (The Sea of Happiness) -- $2.50 draft beers, darts, and a fun (though not trendy) crowd.	
Apr 15 2006 	Fine for what it is.	First of all, you're probably not going to beat the price you'll pay here, especially during peak periods. The room are basic -- cheapie soap, no shampoo, for example -- but the bed was fine and things were clean. A little worn around the edges, but clean. The TV had cable, even HBO, if for some reason you need to spend extra time in the room. Elevators a bit slow, lots of teenagers and touring Europeans. Check out the in-hotel bar: $2.50 drafts, and you can free wireless internet access from there while you're drinking.	
Mar 27 2006	Great Value and Location	My wife was in Chicago for a convention, and I tagged along to see the sights. We read the other reviews, and it really comes down to expectations. The Cass was built in the 1920s and had been in operation ever since. The rooms are a little warn, but have been kept up fairly well. Ours had: fresh paint, TV, new windows, window AC and steam radiator heat (centrally controlled). It was very pleasant. If you are looking for luxury or even frills, this is not your place. But the hotel is safe, clean and the staff is great. Everyone we talked to in the hotel said roughly the same thing, &quot;X was lacking, but it is a great hotel.&quot; NOTE: The Cass is NOT handicap accessible, there are stairs and tight halls in parts of the hotel. Canes and crutches will do OK, but wheelchairs will not.Specifics: Many have commented on the bathrooms, towels, beds and sheets. Our bathroom was slightly updated from the original 1920’s bathroom, with a GFC outlet and a new sink. (The tub was the original enamel-coated cast iron tub. I am a big guy, and having solid footing is nice, unlike the flimsy plastic tubs you get with new construction) The towels were fine. They are not Fieldcrest Canon, just low end hotel grade, and the same was true for the bedding. The beds were a bit springy, but the pillows are great.The main features of the Cass is the price and the location. We stayed for $84 ($97 after tax) a night. The hotel is located between Michigan &amp; State and Erie &amp; Ontario. I did an internet search and found within 6 blocks (0.25 Miles) more than: 85 restaurants, 14 major department stores, 8 grocery stores, 7 clubs, 3 shopping centers, and a movie theater, and hundreds of other businesses, coffee shops, and so on. If you are in Chicago to hang out at a hotel, go somewhere else. If you are in Chicago to see Chicago, you can’t get a better hotel.	
Mar 10 2006	very simple but very well located !!!	The goals of Cass Hotel are the excellent location and low cost. I made a extensive research and I didn´t find a downtown hotel cheaper than Cass. For my surprise, it was very well cleaned despite the old age of the building. This hotel is very good for someone who travels on a budget and wants to stay in an excellent location near the &quot;fever&quot; of this outstanding city of Chicago.	
Dec 6 2005 	All right - but not for everyone	We just returned from staying an entire week at the Cass Hotel. In favor of this hotel are the downtown location (steps away from N Michigan Ave), courteous staff, friendly policies (free room cancellation up to one day before arrival as well as the possibility to add up to three more guests to your room free of charge) and price ($100 per night including taxes, compared to an average of $170 for surrounding hotels). Having said that, the bathroom was a disaster: the toilet didn't flush properly and had not been cleaned prior to our arrival (see picture). There were pubic hairs in the bath tub and the bathroom floor tiles were broken in places and downright dirty. The towels were old and ragged, but we had brought our own after reading warnings on Tripadvisor. In conclusion, we would recommend this hotel to people on a tight budget, who do not mind having to use an unsanitary bathroom.	
Nov 16 2005 	The reviews are right-Cheap Hotel Great Location	The reviews I read about this hotel were very accurate. If you want expensive towels, shampoos and such, then you will be very disappointed with the hotel. If you want to be downtown right in the middle of all the fun without spending a fortune, and you want a safe, clean hotel with a courteous staff, then you will be very satisfied. I traveled with my two male business partners. One can be kind of finicky so he wasn't really thrilled with the hotel (until he found out how much money we saved, and used on good food and wine later!) and the other has traveled all over the world and is a little more forgiving. Make sure to take your own travel size shampoo and conditioner, and taking your own towel isn't a bad idea. Or just buy a Chicago souvenir beach towel on your first day and use that. The towels definately need replaced. The beds are small, but the linens are clean and the beds are comfy. My remote control didn't work great, I think it needed a new battery, but I didn't come to Chicago to watch TV, so I made do. The rooms are small, actually tiny. If you ever traveled to Europe during college on a budget, then you probably stayed at hotels just like this one. But the best thing about the hotel is it's location. You are only a block or two from some of the best food, shopping and nightlife in the US. Go with VERY low expectations and you won't be disappointed. The neighborhood is safe, the hotel is well maintained overall, and I felt very safe there. The staff was very accomodating. My purse was stolen (be careful...Chicago is a thief/scammer paradise...don't put your purse over the back of your chair, do NOT stop for anyone offering a shoe shine, and don't set your purse at your feet) and the staff was so helpful with calling the police, letting me make calls and use the internet to get all my cards cancelled. I will stay at this hotel again!!	
Nov 15 2005	Saved big here to spend elsewhere	My wife and I stayed from Nov. 4-7. We had a great time in Chicago and a great stay at the Cass. I made reservations directly since my online booking experiences of late have left me a little skiddish (ask for one thing get something totally different). The staff was friendly, the room was clean, no problems with housekeeping. Much better than at other far more expensive places we stayed at. We stayed in room 702 and were very satisfied. Plenty of hot water, enough TV channels. As others have mentioned bring your own shampoo, we brought towels but what was there was acceptable, to each his own. The bed was OK, the room size was OK. We were there to see Chicago, not hang in the room all day.LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. As others have noted you can not beat the location. Short walk to Navy Pier, Water Tower, right around the corner to Michigan Ave. Restaurants, shops, public transit, both El and bus, was perfect. Very safe feeling, if you've been to Wash. DC you know what I mean.The Cass Hotel website is very informative with good info. We flew into O'Hare took the El just like the info said, no problems. If you want to save the big bucks to spend elsewhere, stay here.	
Nov 9 2005	A very enjoyable stay	The Cass hotel is just what it claims 'Clean room, comfortable price'. It is in a fantastic loctaion, in this beautiful city. We were able to walk to everywhere we wanted to go, even the Lincoln Park Zoo (although it is bit further, but well worth going too). Go up the John Hancock Centre if you get the chance it is just a short walk from the hotel and you get amazing view of Chicago. We really enjoyed our stay, good sized clean rooms, with room for clothes, a desk, bedside tables, televison (great range of channels) and nice bathrooms. Internet in the hotel loby, ice machine, there is also a bar attached although I can't comment on it as we didn't use it. Hotel is in easy walking distance CTA station which is a cheap , quick and easy way to get to O'Hare airport. Overall a very enjoyable stay in Chicago.	
Oct 17 2005	The quintessential cheap hotel.	For less than 80 dollars (including tax) you get... a hotel room about a block from the Magnificent Mile for under 80 dollars. You don't get a coffee maker, hair dryer, iron or alarm clock - not even shampoo. (Since my last visit, they've also stopped leaving pens.) Also, I doubt anyone has ever stolen the rather small, rather rough towels. The furnishings of my room seem shabbier than I'd recalled, and this place may have the slowest elevators of any hotel in Chicago.So much for negatives. One doesn't go to Chicago to stay in a hotel room, and I've always had a decent night's sleep here. The cable TV service is actually pretty good and includes at least one station where you can always get a local weather forecast quickly. There's a cheap coffee shop on the main floor where you can get (only) breakfast without paying for a dinner, and a coin laundromat. The desk help does what little it can in terms of info and advice. The original Pizzeria Uno and Due (the first &quot;branch&quot;) are within a block, buses and the Red Line El within two. Note: the immediate area can seem deserted and spooky at night.If you demand creature comforts, look elsewhere. If you want a cheap room where you can sleep and keep your stuff, this could be your place.	
Oct 6 2005	All in all good value for money	My husband and I have stayed at the Cass Hotel on 2 occasions in the past year and have to say that overall we agree with the reviews on this website. A good, cheap, no frills hotel in an excellent location. The rooms we stayed in were reasonably clean (except for a couple of bug bites which we suspect came from the beds), the bathroom was basic but adequate and the staff in the cafe and the front desk couldn't have been more helpful.The location of the hotel is definitely it's selling point, even as UK tourists new to the area we felt safe walking back to our hotel late at night.	
Oct 1 2005	Good Stay	We stayed on the the thirteenth floor, room 1412, and it was exactly what it said it was &quot;downtown location without the downtown price&quot;. Room was clean and was cleaned every day. There was a fridge in the room which was good for drinks etc. Friendly staff and excellent value and if you intend to be out of your room every day and do not need all of the extras for which you pay double in other hotels (pool, gym etc.) then this is the place. A few minutes from Michigan Ave. Get a CTA pass for $20 for the week and get all the trains and busses plus your trip from O'Hare and back.	
Sep 30 2005	Please Clean my Room	We were looking for somewhere basic and cheap to stay in Chicago since we would only be staying a couple of nights, and our priority was sightseeing and being out and about. Having said that, while all we wanted was something basic, we assumed a certain bottom line - like having your bed made and rubbish emptied daily. Nope. Our room was never cleaned. Despite calling this to the attention of reception, not even an apology was forthcoming. The response was 2 no. clean towels. Not a set. 2 towels. And no cleaning.The hotel is in a good locaiton. It's a bit rough around the edges and would probably be a lot more pleasant with a lick of paint here and there and more modern furniture. But with all the best will in the world... it is a little bit grotty. Even for a cheap hotel. It just isn't clean (or cleaned!!!), and doesn't add to an enjoyable experience. The staff, while not blatantly rude, are definitely not friendly nor helpful. If you are anyway sensitive to these things, or generally expect a certain basic standard, then don't waste your money. You'd be better paying that little bit extra for a slightly nicer place. If these things don't bother you; and you would sleep anywhere with a roof, then you'll be fine. Bottom line: yep, great location. But, conspicuously, that's the only thing even the hotel itself promotes. There's more to a hotel than its location, and there are plenty of good value hotels in this general area. Don't be fooled.	
Sep 20 2005	Location Location Location	It is true that the Cass is a &quot;bare-bones&quot; hotel, but it is clean, quiet with a location that can't be beat. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. We had no problems with our room the four nights we were there. The Cass is located about 4 blocks from the closest CTA station (Grand), half a block from Blomingdale's Home store, and two blocks from the Magnificent Mile. The hotel was sold out when we were there and we met a lot of nice people during our stay. We will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 20 2005	TripAdvisor users hit a homer	I read most of the TripAdvisor reviews of the Cass Hotel before booking two rooms for a stay Sept. 13-16. They were right on the mark.I was pleasantly surprised by the lobby -- no frills but check-in and check-out were smooth. The only drink and snack vending machines, ice machine, and internet connection are all in the lobby outside the Cass Cafe. The small cafe advertised an inexpensive continental breakfast daily, but we ate elsewhere. Also, the cafe closes at 1:30 daily.The elevators at the Cass are okay. I've seen much worse at four-star properties. The hallways were clean and quiet, although it's easy to hear loud conversations from rooms (if you're so inclined to listen in). That only happened a couple of times on our way to the elevator.The rooms were relatively small and very simple, as reviewed numerous times. The air conditioning worked perfectly, the beds were comfortable, and hot water was ready in seconds despite our location on the ninth floor. My wife brought her own towels, leaving me the hotel towels. Yes, they were thin, but two of them dried me just fine.My only regret was not being able to bypass the pay-for-internet connection in the lobby. I brought my laptop and phone cord, but our phone was hard-wired into the wall so there was no way to use that cord or substitute my own. Hey, three days without e-mail was actually nice. It reminded me of the old days -- the 90's. :-)We spent most of our waking time wandering the city, so the Cass was perfect. The money we saved on accommodations was put to good use on meals, Cubs tickets, and transportation. If William Shatner can't score me a nicer hotel for the same price, I'll gladly return to the Cass.	
Aug 27 2005 	Fantastic location and great value for money	My husband and I chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and we were not disappointed. It's very,very basic but the rooms are clean and the showers hot. We stayed for 10 days and because of this, we took one of the larger rooms at $89 per night (ask for a room at the back on a high floor if you want a bit more light and peace &amp; quite) This was worth doing as these rooms have a fridge and quite a bit more floor space and a very large, comfortable bed. We took our own towels as advised by other people and were glad we did. The sheets were very thin and the pillows very flat and uncomfortable so as we were staying so long, we walked round the corner to Marshalls and bought a duvet, sheets &amp; two pillows for $100 - sorted! We could easily have spent another $100 per night to get this location so this was a worthwhile investment. I noticed quite a few other guests arriving with pillows tucked under their arms, so we were not alone.The hotel's location is unbeatable - round the corner from loads of good restaurants and the magnificent mile and a 15 minute walk or $5 taxi ride from the Merchandise Mart, where we were working.We will definitely be returning next year.	
Aug 18 2005	Get More Than You Pay For	The Cass gets 5 *s from me for one simple reason: at its price it's a bargain. Complain if you like that the rooms are small, don't offer coffee-makers or clock radios, etc. The fact is that the rooms are kept clean, the beds are fully satisfactory, the water's always hot, &amp; the staff is invariably helpful. You can get a continental breakfast for $1.99 in the lobby cafe every morning. If you need a hairdrier, you can get one from the front desk. Above all, this location can't be beat. I've stayed at various hotels in Chicago, &amp; the Cass saved me at least $100 in transport costs during my 6 days there this past week. Add that to the $50-100 a night in room costs &amp; figure that the Cass pays your entertainment costs for you. It's a steal of a deal.	
Jul 27 2005	Great place when all you need is a place to sleep	I've stayed at this hotel on more than one occasion mainly because when I travel to Chicago with either my husband or friends, we're looking to spend our time and money out on the town enjoying ourselves. Not in our hotel room for the duration of the trip. This hotel is in an awesome location for people who are coming for shopping or site-seeing since its just a couple blocks from Michigan Avenue. The rooms are nice, clean and good-sized as well. The staff is also quite friendly and helpful. And for the price you simply cant pass it up. We recently got a deal on a room at the Palmer House and we were appauled at how small the room was. We needed one room for four people and this was a large closet! Even housekeeping seemed shocked at the size of the room when they brought extra pillows. And more than once we were snubbed by the staff at the Palmer House when we asked for assistance. So frankly, if you're looking to spend your vacation in the hotel room, maybe you want to shell out $300 or more on the room, but when I'm looking to see the town, I'm perfectly happy to save my money by staying at the Cass Hotel!	
Jul 21 2005	Exactly what we expected	My wife and spent the weekend in Chicago in July. We found the Cass Hotel at Tripadvisor and took the advice of the many positive reviews it had received. For $69 dollars a night it was exactly what we expected. No shampoo, thin towels, and a small outdated room. That being said, we did not go to Chicago to sit in our room all day. The Cass is located within walking distance of some of Chicago's best sights including the Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. After a long day of sightseeing it was nice to return to a clean comfortable room and a hot shower. If you're looking for luxury this isn't the hotel for you. If you're looking for a comfortable room with a convenient location at a bargain price, this is the hotel for you. Keep in mind that parking is expensive in Chicago. Parking for the Cass was around $19 a day and from what we saw of the rest of the Chicago hotels I think this is the norm. In all, we were very satisfied with our stay and would consider staying there again the next time we are in Chicago.	
Jul 13 2005	Fit the Bill!	Found the Cass Hotel on this website and read the reviews and decided to check it out. It was exactly as most had described: clean, NO frills, small, but price was excellent and location was even better. If you plan on spending most of your time outside the room this is a great choice. The sheets were clean and the bathroom was too. The shower had decent power and the TV worked. No complaints here. Perfectly located for sightseeing around downtown and an easy cab ride from Amtrak. Reminded me of a small European hotel.	
Jul 12 2005	Save your money for the sights	If you seek a sumptuous breakfast spread, 400 thread-count sheets, large towels, and a designer room that surpasses your wildest dreams, you absolutely do not belong here. Stay far from the Cass. If your visit to Chicago requires nothing more than a comfy bed to collapse into, a few minutes of television, a hot shower in the morning, and money left over to enjoy the sights of Chicago, the Cass will serve you well.Our five-day stay was quiet (request a non-street room), reasonably clean, and—at $69/night (web) during the Taste of Chicago—probably the best bargain in town. Because our usual breakfast consists of not much more than a cup of coffee and a scone, we skipped the hotel's breakfasts and opted for local bakeries. We brought our own toiletries, making lack of shampoo a non-issue (come on—who goes to a hotel to use their shampoo?) Our worst experience was an overflowing toilet the third night, but maintenance was up in a jiffy to fix it. Because he was blocked from the site he frequents for recent movie reviews, the internet access proved lackluster for my partner. But again, we didn't come to the Cass to surf the web. We ended up seeing the movie the night it was released two blocks away, because, get this: the Cass is about the best location you could hope for in a budget hotel. Nine out of ten restaurants that came recommended to us were within walking distance. The Loop is six blocks away, and the nearest subway station is three blocks. We also walked to Grant Park, Millennium Park, and the Architectural Boat Tour. This is what we came to Chicago for. Not for pretty soap.	
Jul 3 2005 	Not worth it.	Let me preface this review with the fact that I'm used to cheap accommodations. With the Cass, you get what you pay for. Curtains were falling apart, bathroom smelled of a ripe sewer (though it was unseasonably hot at the time), there was a smear of dead mosquitoes on the wall, and when I tried to take a shower, the water was brown with rust. I would not stay there again.	
Jun 29 2005	Cass is Good Value	My 4 night stay at the Cass was great. The room with 2 beds was plenty spacious and included a refrigerator. The air conditioner kept me cool and comfy in spite of the 95 degree days I got to &quot;enjoy.&quot; Sure, the bathroom is small and the towels were kind of thin, but good enough to dry me off. The shower had good pressure. My room overlooked the garden of the historic house on Erie, around the corner. And I loved having a drink with the regulars in the Sea of Happiness Bar. If you can find a comparable hotel in the area, go for it, but I think you'll be hard-pressed to find one.	
Jun 27 2005 	Great option	I have stayed at the Cass twice, once in June, 2002, and just this month; both trips were for nearly a week each. I was pleased overall on both stays. The first year, I booked on line for $69. This time, the internet specials were not available, so I called and got a room with a King bed for $99. Other hotels were renting rooms at no less than about $299 during the same time period. My room was clean, furnishings OK, and even had a refrigerator. The lighting was not necessarily the best, and there was no shampoo. However, for $200 a day, I can buy a lot of shampoo! In fact, with that savings I could also buy a nice bath towel if I had so desired. And, I didn't rent the room to be awed by mood lighting! The location is excellent, with several good restaurants right in the area, and just 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. The room had no view, but it was very quiet since it was not facing the street. I have not ever seen anyone there that would fit the description of &quot;undesirable&quot;. I will definitely stay at the Cass again.	
Jun 14 2005	Very Budget Very Clean	We had been trying since January to find a reasonably priced hotel for our trip to Chicago in late May. Everything within reason was well over $200 for a convenient location. Since we don't have much room for compromise in the cleanliness category, we were reluctant to take a chance with a more economical two star hotel. After doing lots of research, we decided to take a chance on the Cass Hotel located two blocks off of North Michigan Avenue. Upon entering the lobby, we were really concerned about we had gotten ourselves into. There is absolutely no ambiance, few ammenities, and a very sparce feeling. Our room was pretty much the same and without any view. HOWEVER !!! it was as clean as a whistle. The room itself was fairly roomy, adequate bathroom, not one single odd aroma, freshly laundered bedspreads. The best part of our decision to stay here was that the location relative to what we had planned to do could not have been any better. If you're looking for a hotel with more than bare bones economy, don't waste your time. If you want a clean, convenient place to shower and sleep, this just might fit your needs.	
Jun 4 2005	Meager appearance but great location	Compared to the surrounding high class hotels Cass hotel is kind of shabby but still the rooms are clean without any indulgence. Make sure you get a room where the windows can be opened, my room was smoky when I arrived, after one and a half days one could stay in it without getting a headache. There's a breakfast café in the lobby but I didn't eat there but the first morning when I was supposed to get a free welcome breakfast (if that's part of your travel offer, too, get a coupon at the reception desk). The location is fantastic, two short blocks to Magnificent Mile, short distances to Navy pier and Chicago river, subway Grand station not too far. If you're outdoors most of the day - why not!?	
May 24 2005	Super location great price	My husband and I, plus my aunt and college-age cousin, stayed at the Cass Hotel for three nights in early May, 2005. This is a great location, at a bargain price.My husband and I had a small room located next to the elevators on the 7th floor. It had one double bed. Although it was very small, it suited us just fine. We pretty much were only in the room to sleep and shower. It was clean, quiet, and had a window that opened. Our towels were a little on the thin and small side, but they were clean. We didn't actually turn on the TV but apparently they do have cable.My aunt and cousin had a room with 2 double beds, and their room was significantly larger, with two windows (again, one that opened). Again, it was clean and quiet, and they had no complaints.The front desk staff was friendly, especially the night desk guy. There is a small coffee shop that serves breakfast in the morning, which we didn't eat at. The Sea of Happiness lounge is indeed friendly! I think that they may be renovating the hotel, as we saw workers during our stay. If you stay here, walk around the corner to see the amazing and historic home that's right next door. Again, the price was right, the location was great, and it was clean and safe. It's not the Park Hyatt, but it's easy on the budget. We would absolutely stay here again.	
Mar 8 2005	Perfect clean $$ saver spot	When we vacation, we like to spend more $$ on outdoor activities than our room. This was the perfect place to crash -clean, comfy bed. We've stayed here twice, and the 2nd time they already had newer, softer towels and some renovated rooms. I love the authenticity of the building, and of course the LOCATION!! I recommend Cass Hotel if you plan on spending more time and money outdoors than indoors.	
Feb 25 2005	Nice little place	The place might look a little shabby from outside, but it really has a great offer at a very convenient price, in an amazing location, a 10 minute walk from michigan av. and 3 minutes from the nearest CTA station. There's nothing &quot;hip&quot; in this hotel, everything is very simple and basic. But everything works perfectly. The staff is friendly and well disposed.The rooms are not big or luxurious, but are well equipped (with a big refrigerator and kitchenette), clean and confortable. They offered *free* wi-fi connection in the lobby. The cafeteria is a bit poor on the &quot;looks side&quot;, but it offers a nice breakfast, cooked at the moment, for a very nice price (way less then your average starbucks).Two thumbs up for cass hotel!Marcello	
Feb 14 2005	Great value and superb location!	I stayed at the Cass Hotel Feb. 11-13 and I had no problems at all. I got a $59 &quot;Winter Rate&quot; and was smack dab in the middle of everything. At first I was dismayed by how small and plain my room was but then I walked out to see the city. The employees were friendly and helpful and I would recommend this place to anybody. Why spend the extra cash at the fancier hotels when you could spend it three blocks over on the Magnificent Mile?	
Jan 24 2005	Kinda of old.	The hotel seems a little bit dingy from the outside. Although the room was nice, the bathrooms were small and the building seemed rather old and outdated.For &lt; $60 per night, I know I shouldn't have expected much, but the lobby was a bit ghetto.Overall, if you are on a TIGHT (and I mean TIGHT) budge, I would recomend. But, I would for sure rather pay the extra money and stay someplace a little nicer.	
Jan 17 2005	Great Deal	I almost hate to give the Cass a great review for fear that people may catch on and then my little get away place in Chicago may be discovered and it may not be as easy to get a room. BUT, they deserve the props after some nit-picky people gave it such stinky reviews. I have stayed at Cass twice and definitely plan to go back. The cheap price and great location make it a must for anyone traveling on a budget, especially the younger crowd looking for a place to shack after they party downtown. It is within walking distance to basically anywhere you would want to go. You may have to take a taxi to get to some clubs, but my sister and I walked to White Star and surrounding areas with no problems. Seriously though, what do some people expect to get from a $87 room in downtown Chicago. The accomodations are far from luxurious. I suggest bringing soap and shampoo. No samples here. Maybe you should bring a towel too. I think they mistake hand towels for bath towels. Anyhow, if you are looking to party it up and don't plan on spending the day/weekend holed up in your room, then check out Cass. Just try to keep it a secret. :)	
Jan 5 2005	Cass Hotel- A Chicago Value!	I can't speak to the experiences of some of the people who gave poor reviews of the Cass Hotel here on TripAdvisor, but I've stayed at the Cass Hotel a couple of times with the most recent stay being one week in length and I can recommend it. What comes to mind when I first stepped foot in this hotel was &quot; Europe &quot; as this hotel reminded me of pretty much every inexpensive hotel I stayed in during my trips to Europe(especially the City Panzio Ring Hotel in Budapest, Hungary). The Cass Hotel has basic amenities so don't expect too much beyond what you are paying. On-line, we booked our room for about $65/night for the week and I think we got our money's worth. We didn't stay at the Cass Hotel for the &quot; views out of our room window &quot; ( I've stayed in $250/night rooms in downtown Chicago and had views of trash dumpsters and parking lots) or for their range of services(no spas here) or for their dining accommodations. We stayed at the Cass Hotel because of the location. You're not going to find anything at that price in that location in Downtown Chicago. Location, Location, Location. That's what the Cass Hotel is all about. The rooms are as clean as any cut-rate lodging chain(Red Roof Inn, Motel 6, etc.) so I am not certain why any of the reviewers would write that the rooms are &quot; filthy, dirty, etc. &quot; as we didn't see any of that during our stays. During our last stay and because we stayed a week, the Cass Hotel upgraded us to a room with a king-sized bed. We had a TV, air conditioner, heater, and refrigerator in our room. Our room with the king size bed looked just like the room pictured on the web site. There are basic laundry facilities and Internet access on the main floor. The towels are a bit industrial and thin/rough......but they are clean. Our room was cleaned(fresh sheets, towels, trash removed, etc.) daily and we had no issue with this or with the room not being clean. The area is one of the safest in downtown Chicago as well. So if you are looking for just the basic lodging amenities and are coming to Chicago to explore downtown, I can recommend the Cass Hotel.	
Dec 14 2004	A good value	We stayed at the Cass 12-10-2004. I read the reviews on this site and decided to give it a try. We were in town for the weekend and were out sight seeing and shopping most of the time. We had a good experience. The rooms are small but they are clean, quiet, and the location is tough to beat. It is true that the towels are small, thin, and scratchy. Wouldn't be a bad idea to bring an extra one with you. I think if you plan to stay at this hotel you need to understand it is not the Ritz and you will not be disappointed. If you want a fancy hotel with a large room and plan to spend alot of time in your room, you may want to find another hotel. I would stay at the Cass again.	
Nov 26 2004	was just OK	We stayed at the Cass Mid November, the location is excellent, just 2 blocks from Michagan Avenue and within walking distance of Navy Pier, Hancock Centre etc. The hotel has a dorm feel to it, Reception is very bare and un welcoming, they mixed our booking up and gave us (2 guys) a small double room, we asked to be moved but they would not budge and after 2 days (of a 4 day stay) we had to accept it. The room we were in was a bit dingy and had stained carpeting and lampshade. Towels in the bathroom were scratchy and small, the cafe is only open in the morning so when you arrive after a long flight you have to then venture out to find something to eat. The Sea of Happiness bar is ok, Laura the bartender was very friendly and the Beer extremely reasonable. I would recommend this hotel for a stopover of if you are on a tight budget but next time I would prefer to pay the extra and stay somewhere confortable - and with friendly staff!	
Nov 18 2004	The Cass does it again !	Well I said that I'd be back in my first review of the Cass dated Oct 22nd 2003. I stayed at the hotel for the week 8 to 15 Nov this year. Once again it was excellent value for money. The staff were very friendly and helpful and there's now access to WiFi in the cafe . You can eat breakfast and surf The Net at the same time !The room was again spotless as was the bathroom and once again I had a mini Fridge to keep all those munchies fresh. Jewel Osco supermarket is just around the corner as is a red line El' stop.I'll be back for a third visit next year !	
Nov 2 2004	Great location greater value!	I will NEVER pay $150 plus for a room in downtown Chicago again. The Cass Hotel is in a great location, just a short walk from Michigan Avenue shopping, at maybe half the price of most downtown hotels. This is not a luxury hotel but our room was clean and suited our needs, a clean place to sleep and shower! We stopped off in the hotel bar, &quot;Captain George's Sea of Happiness Lounge&quot; (what a great name) downstairs and had a drink. A small, no frills place with a good jukebox and Laura the bartender took good care of us. The front desk staff was VERY friendly and I would recommend the Cass Hotel to anyone. Especially those who don't want to spend a lot of money. You can park your car at the parking garage next door and have your ticket validated at the Cass front desk. Discounted rate of $19 a day but we paid $35 a day for parking at another downtown hotel. The Cass is close to so many stores (you can see Nordstrom from the hotel) and restaurants and there are 2 Redline El stops within a short walking distance if you want to venture outside of downtown. I wished I would have known about the Cass Hotel before blowing all kinds of money on big name, big price Chicago hotels. My experience at the Cass was excellent and I have already booked a room for my next visit to Chicago.	
Oct 28 2004	Great location on a Budget	It has no ammenities and looks a little sketchy when you first enter but the rooms were immaculate and the location is prime. Don't be scared off this place will work nicely if you are on a budget.	
Sep 13 2004	The Cass is just fine!!!	After reading the reveiws for the Cass Hotel, I was a little worried that we were going to stay in some kind of crack den, bum hotel with cockroaches the size of small dogs.....far from it....the room was clean, spacious and bath was recently updated. Was it the Drake or the Four Seasons, no, but for the price it was perfect...the location was close to everything and i will stay there again. As for the itchy towels, ours were big, clean and fluffy. If you are a big snob, go to the Drake, we won't miss you at the Cass.	
Jul 10 2004	The Price is Right	After reading some of the reviews, I was a little leery about staying at the Cass. Having stayed there about 6 years ago, before renovations, my memory of the rooms was not so great: dingy overall, with stained up carpeting and an ancient sink in the bathroom. However, I need not have worried. For $84 a night on 4th of July weekend in the heart of downtown Chicago, the room was fine! Everything is updated and fairly new, and we even had a little fridge! The staff was friendly and the cafe was reasonable. Even the towels were not that bad! :-) For the price and location, I certainly can't complain. I would definitely stay here again without a doubt.	
Jun 8 2004	College dorm feel w/ downtown appeal	We stayed at the Cass June 2004 (we just arrived home). The rate was good for the location. You definitely get the dorm room feel of the place. The rooms are small and the beds a bit uncomfortable we didn't sleep well there. The bathrooms were clean, but no frills so bring your toiletries and hair dryer if you stay. I agree with the other reviewers on the towels, very thin and scratchy. One of the best parts was the location. Next to Bloomingdale's, Uno's and Due's pizza just down the street. A couple blocks from Michigan Ave where you can catch the free trolley's to take you all over town. Not sure I would stay here again, but the price is definitely right for the location. 	
May 17 2004	If you value your life do not stay at this hotel!!!	FOR ALL WHO READ THIS…HEED THE WARNINGS! After finding the Cass hotel online, we knew it would not be five star accommodations, but the location looked good and the hotel was cheap ($94). We saw some of the negative reviews but gave it the benefit of the doubt. The rooms are tiny, dirty and disgusting. And yes, the towels are very thin and scratchy. To elaborate here is an account of the nine horrible hours we stayed at the Cass Hotel:After seeing the rooms, we complained and were moved up to the “suites” on the 16th floor. They will not tell you that they have the suites…they are reserved for the manager’s family in case they come into town. The suites were actually nice with remodeled bathrooms. The pictures on the website are of suites and not the regular rooms. When we arrived one of the two elevators was being worked on. Later that evening, after it was supposedly fixed, it dropped five floors when we were in it. Shortly after someone else was stuck in it. Yet, we stayed on…Even later that evening, as we got ready to go out, we noticed the fire trucks pulling up in front of the hotel. However, the smoke alarms were not going off, and we assumed it was for the person stuck in the elevator. Luckily, one of the girls went out in the hallway and smelled the smoke. After walking down sixteen flights of stairs we found out the water heater in the basement caught fire. We may have given the hotel one last chance if the situation was not handled so poorly. The management did not address the situation, no one said, “We are sorry, but the fire has been extinguished, you may now return to you rooms.” The front desk proceeded to check in other guests through all of this. After returning to our room, to pack up our belonging, we checked out the smoke detectors, which lacked one important item…a battery. This is the point we relocated to the lovely Holiday Inn – Navy Pier ($149). Paying the extra $50 was definitely worth it for piece of mind.IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!	
Apr 20 2004	Excellent 3 Days	We stayed at the Cass with 13 English students the 15th and 16th April 2004. I had read the reviews before leaving for Chicago but went with an open mind. We found the Hotel clean, very good position. the staff efficient and friendly. The cafe on ground floor was very useful and offers a good value breakfast gmenu. Our only complaint would be that the towels are a bit thin. But overall the hotel is excellent value.	
Apr 19 2004	Chicago Cass Hotel: Great Location - Best downtown Chicago Value	I stayed at the Cass Hotel for several nights in September and November 2003 for a examination. Cass has a great location next to bloomingdales and many fancy restaurants. A large grocery store(Jewel Osco) is just a block away (ask for temp customer preferred card). Just off Michigan avenue and around the corner from Su Casa, Heaven on Seven, Water tower, etc. The building is &quot;quit&quot; old, but charming. The room itself was decent size, the bathrooom was small but clean. The hotel was quiet, reasonable priced (69.00 internet rate). The hotel had a small bar that was busy, but more the packpacker style. The hotel's coffee shop serves a limited menu that is basic and reasonable. Hotel service was quite good, after several tries I have even received a larger room due to heating problems. A coin operated laundry facilities are on site and available for guests to use. Internet is available for some dollars, but I used the showroom-computers in the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue. To wrap it up, the Cass is a good choice for people who wants to live downtown Chicago and prefer to spend their money on the Michigan avenue and not on accommodation.	
Apr 6 2004	a little gem of a hotel	You'd think for the inexpensive price of a room, that the Cass would be a sleazy downtown Chicago hotel. Wrong. It's cozy and charming (though rooms are quite small), and in a great location in the heart of Chicago on a quiet street. Go anywhere else in Chicago and you'll pay three times as much for the same service and location. Only real complaint is the TV's are too high and close to the ceiling. Real atmospheric diner in the lobby serves some good grub. Also, I left my camera film at the hotel after checking out, and had absolutely no problem having the Cass ship it to my home for free! Kudos to the Cass.	
Mar 22 2004	Great location and a lot of charm!	We were all new to Chicago and in town to see a Bulls game. We found the hotel on the internet and took a chance. All in all it wasn't bad. The rooms were clean, the staff was nice and you couldn't ask for a better location. We felt completely safe and it was very easy to catch a cab to the game. The only complaint that we had was there were no washcloths in either of our rooms. Other than that we had a great time and the hotel had a lot of charm to it. We wouldn't hesitate to stay again.	
Mar 11 2004	Great Hotel	Just returned to England from the Cass Hotel, Chicago where I was in town for the Bob Dylan shows. This is one of the best American hotels I have stayed in for location and value for money. It cost $273 (including tax) for three people for three nights in a room with three beds. The room was large enough for the three of us not to feel cramped and was very clean. You can get a good breakfast in the small cafe. Best of all is the Sea of Happiness Lounge. This is great bar with draught beer at $2.50. If you call in be sure to say hello to the Captain. The Cass doesn't have the facilities of some of the other larger chains but for price and location it can't be beaten.	
Dec 16 2003	kiwi experience	For value i would give this 3 stars. The positives are, great location, and quiet. The negatives which regretably out-weigh the positives were (1) rude staff, (2) cleanliness way below par (3) internet available but didn't work most of the time (4) accommodation very small (5) again staff unhelpful when asking for assistance.	
Dec 1 2003	Just fine... great deal in a great location	I'm always skeptical of outright terrible reviews that are sprinkled among otherwise decent write-ups of a hotel. For instance, when someone mentioned seeing protistutes in the lobby, my BS meter went off. Surely, it wasn't that bad, right?Right.The Cass Hotel is, simply put, a good deal on a modest hotel in a good area of town. It's within a few blocks of an El stop, there are plenty of good (non-chain) restaurants just down the block, and the hotel itself provided what you'd expect for the money, and a little more. Yes, the towels are thin, but the room we had was just fine for the four of us. The bathroom was small but clean, the cleaning staff did a great job each day, and our floor was quiet. The Cafe was cheap and accessible and the front desk staff was very accomodating keeping our five bags behind the desk after we checked out.I think a lot of people are expecting too much -- you're not going to get five-star accomodations for $80 or less a night in the center of Chicago. But if you're not counting on having room service for dinner, the Cass will serve you just fine.	
Nov 27 2003	Value for money with no frills	I stayed at the Cass for four nights early in November and thought it to be great value for money in a downtown area. Having found that same gruff guy on check-in, found the room to be adequate, fairly quiet and clean enough. You really do get what you pay for. Have to agree the towels are poor, but the bathroom is clean and for the money, the Cass is a fine choice. The bar downstairs is lively as well. And the location is tremendous, just two blocks from the Magnificent Mile and everything you need is nearby. If you go expecting the Ritz you will be disappointed, if not, you'll be just fine at the Cass.	
Nov 26 2003	Backpack hotel	We stayed at the Cass Hotel for one nite 11-22-03. Our first impression of the hotel was not good. Though clean the hotel looked worn and dated. Entering our room we were greeted with the smell of disinfectant. The carpet was stained as was the bathtub. The room itself was decent size but the bathrooom was small and did not have a counter to lay out toiletries. Towels were clean and adequate but some were threadbare and one even had a hole in it. If you rented a room at the Cass in 1935 and returned today you would recognize it. The radiators, the porcelain handles on the sink, the walls, haven't changed since the early 1900's. The hotel was quiet, reasonable (79.00 internet rate) and had a great location. Just off Michigan avenue and around the corner from Su Casa, Heaven on Seven. Lawry's and many other fine restaurants. It is an easy walk to Water Tower Place. Parking is available next door for $20.00 a nite. The hotel had a small bar that was busy and great for people watching. The hotel's coffee shop serves a limited menu that is basic and reasonable. Bagel, juice and coffee was $1.99. Hotel service was excellent and the staff extremely helpful. Coin operated laundry facilities are on site and available for guests to use. Hotel guests were a mixed lot seeming to be dominated by backpackers. But we also saw young families and many shoppers. All in all not a bad choice for someone on a budget.	
Nov 24 2003	Great Value!	The location was great. the staff could not have been nicer and knew how to get everywhere and had some great tips on places to eat. The rooms were very small, but quite clean. the bed was too soft. some rooms have a view of a brick wall. (ours had a nice view &amp; a window that actually opened).	
Nov 8 2003	Good basic accommodation.	Stayed at the Cass Hotel, October 2003. Very clean spacious room. Fridge, TV, large bathroom. Very close to all amenities. Plenty of restaurants in the vicinity. Only critisisms were that the towels, though clean, were thin, and one of the guys on reception lacked people skills. Rather gruff. Very reasonably priced for its position. Good basic accommodation.	
Oct 15 2003	Value for money	We stayed at the Chicago Cass Hotel at the beginning of June for three nights. It's just good value for money, try staying in a reasonable hotel in the center of Chicago for less, you won't find it! The rooms are clean, have a TV, private bathroom and enaugh space. The view can be spectacular. The location of the hotel is excellent, in between the shops in the north and the loop downtown, all in walking distance! The staff was quite friendly, the one-day complementary breakfast (USD 1.99 value) is ok for one day, but they serve other foods in their Diner style breakfast restaurant as well. Good hotel for ecenomical travellers who want the comfort and privacy of a real hotel.	
Oct 11 2003	better than Cass Corridor but less than a box	As stated in my title, the hotel was a delightful upgrade from the Detroit Cass Corridor however fell second to a Refrigerator Box I could have slept in. The room nay floor reeked of stale weed, not the friendly type you pull from your garden. Our room overlooked a delightful trash receptical the size of a small army tank. I killed a bug the size of my thumb the first ten minutes we were there. Lastly, the place was filthy, rooms, lobby, employees, patrons alike.... if you're poor, there is a nice hostel just outside of the city, take a cab in.	
Sep 11 2003	Enjpoyed my stay emensely	I enjoyed my stay at the Cass Hotel located near many major Chicago attractions especially Micvhigan Avenue shops and museums. The rooms were clean and fresh and the staff was courteous, if not down right helpful. And the price! There is not a better hotel value in the city and I have stayed at several so called luxury hotels. I recommend the Cass Hotel to all my friends on a budget who visit Chicago.	
Sep 11 2003	Best everyday value in downtown Chicago	A quiet clean hotel with a friendly staff.	
Aug 18 2003	The best downtown Chicago value	The best value for a downtown Chicago hotel! I travel to Chicago about 5-6 times a year on business. My expenses are paid by myself-not by an employer-so price is a very most important factor. If you search the web you will find low priced hotels in the downtown area going for between $95 and $120, if you are lucky. Here at the Cass I pay $64.95-without the trouble of searching around. Sure, it isn't fancy, but its clean, friendly, and has a great locaction.	
Aug 6 2003	Very Satisfied	June 5 and 6, my 4 year old son and I stayed at the Cass Hotel. Our room was clean, the beds were made, the towels were clean and plentiful. Our room was quiet and the rate was reasonable. They had a breakfast cafe and a laundry room. The staff was friendly. We will stay at Cass again in the future.	
Jul 30 2003	Horrible Dive Hotel	Stayed here one horrible night. Dingy, dirty and shady hotel. Towels were nasty: dark, dingy and smelly. Beds were ancient, and prostitutes roamed the lounge. It reminded me more of a European hostel than a hotel in the downtown region of a city as nice as Chicago. It's worth a few extra bucks to stay somewhere else.	
Jul 15 2003	Great Hotel-Great Price-Great Location-Great City	This was my first trip back to Chicago after 30 years and my wife's first. We wanted to stay downtown but also wanted money left over so we can enjoy our vacation. The Cass Hotel was it! Only a block away from State Street, it is centrally located to almost anywhere (since bus stops are less than a block away). You can also walk to the El, walk to the ESPN zone, which is only about a block away, walk to many fascinating shops and restaurants (I recommend the Weber Grill -their plates are large enough for two to eat from AND have leftovers). The Cass hotel has small rooms but very cozy and comfortable. We came to Chicago to see the city not stay in our hotel. From out 16th story window you can see the hustle and bustle of the city. The staff was very friendly. The Cass has a small cafe where you can enjoy a $1.95 breakfast (which includes toast, muffin or bagel, coffee, tea or hot chocolate, and a glass of chilled juice). And on your day of departure, they will hold your bags for you (checkout time is noon but our train did not leave until after 5) - this gave us an entire bonus day practically to see the city. The Cass has elevators, key-card door locks, and very quiet during the night. After you come back to your hotel after a long day of sightseeing you can watch TV with over 50 channels. We will definately stay at the Cass again - it's the only way to fly. And to boot, Sammy Sosa hit home run for us at our day at the ball park.	
Jul 14 2003	Dish out a few extra bucks and stay elsewhere	This place looks acceptable on the Internet. Then you pull up to the front of the building and realize why it was so cheap. Then you go in your room and wonder if the beds and towels are clean. I'm sorry that no one else has said this but this place is a total dive. Some of the guests just look shady, all of the public areas smell like body odor, and the room I stayed in hadn't been remodeled and it was just....dirty. The only good thing about this hotel is the location and all the stories you will have to tell people about staying in a &quot;rooms by the hour&quot; type of joint. I went with a group of college friends and I wasn't expecting much, but you just don't feel clean while you are there. They should take the 'C' out of Hotel Cass for a more appropriate name.	
Jul 5 2003	bare but sufficient		
Jun 15 2003	Good Hotel and Great value		
Jun 9 2003	Outstanding Value		
Mar 8 2003	had a great month		
Dec 20 2002	Good Deal Good Location		
Dec 19 2002	Clean Cheap Great Location		
Nov 17 2002	Affordable good location!		
Nov 8 2002	clean place		
Oct 17 2002	Cheap plain good		
Jul 6 2002	the best places		
Sep 2 2008 	céntrico limpio pero me facturaron dos veces el cargo en la tarjeta		
Nov 15 2006	Pas top		
