	Great Location and Staff	Had a wonderful stay with my wife for our 1st Anniversary and hope to stay here again! Got into town early on a Friday, staff was extremely nice and helpful even though they didn't have our room ready because it was so early. Stored our luggage for us and even let us get some items back out after they had already stored them. Went out and did some sightseeing and came back to check-in which was a breeze and found out that they had given us a free upgrade to a suite because it was our anniversary. Room was very nice and clean with lots of room to spread out and relax. Later on in our stay, I realized I had forgot my shaving gel and call the front desk to see if they help me out since we were running late for our dinner reservations and someone was up to our room in no time flat with some shaving cream.One of the greatest things about this hotel is its location. You are right in the middle of EVERYTHING on Michigan Ave!! You have all the shopping you could want and more with the ability to run your bags up to your room and not drag them all over town. You have quick access to numerous restaurants that are just short walks from the lobby, as well as bus stops across the street that will take you to various museums and other points of interest in the city. The only thing I could see someone faulting this place with is the noise from Northwestern Hospital right next door. We were on the 27th floor and the noise did not bother us at all and my wife is a very light sleeper. Other then that, Avenue Hotel is a great place to stay and enjoy Chicago and we look forward to returning soon.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Business Trip to Avenue Hotel Chicago	The Avenue Hotel is a great business hotel with an unbeatable location and great amenities. The rooms were top-notch and everything about my visit went smoothly. The hotel is a short walk to the Magnificent Mile and all the shops and restaurants you could want. If not for my business trip and more personal time was available it would have been ideal. I must make a point of making it back here for a more relaxing trip in the near future.My room was clean, comfortable and had a great view. The amenities were great and the bed was unbelieveable. I don’t remember ever having such a good night’s sleep in a hotel much less on a business trip. The staff at the Avenue hotel were wonderful. From the front desk staff to the bellmen, guest services and housekeeping, the entire crew went out of their way to assist with plans both inside and outside of the hotel, and the hotel bar and its wait staff are experts at serving business groups -- attentive but not overbearing.In general, my stay at the Avenue Hotel was exceptionally smooth and productive. Our business meetings went smoothly, the rooms themselves were comfortable and had all the up to date equipment for presentations. I would recommend this hotel to any business group, but also to any tourist looking for a hotel convenient to many popular downtown Chicago spots!	
Nov 18 2009 	Terrific hotel extra friendly staff	Brought the family along with me to Chicago for a conference at the Hilton. Been to Chicago many times &amp; hate staying at convention hotels--enjoy trying out new places. The Avenue was perfect for us. Location could not be beat--we were able to spend way too much time at the American Girl and Lego stores. The weather was unusually mild, so the 1-1/2 mile walk to the Hilton was pleasant. The $48 per day parking fee was a little steep (although not by Chicago standards), but we were able to take the car in and out as many times as we needed. Beds were EXTREMELY comfortable, shower pressure was okay, and the staff always greeted us with a smile. The kids were given small stuffed zebras when we checked in, which were a big hit. Only problem was that in the bathroom, we were able to hear conversations from the room next door as though the people were sitting right next to us. As for the predictable sirens and traffic noise, the 4-yr-old found that exciting and we were able to block it out when sleeping thanks to the nice loud fan on the air conditioning unit. Overall, very pleased &amp; would stay again!	
Nov 16 2009 	NOT a 4 star hotel. Location can't be beat though....	Let me start by saying we were in Chicago the weekend of some international convention, and thus hotel prices were through the roof!! I have never had trouble getting excellent hotels for a steal in Chicago, but this weekend was an exception. We got a &quot;great&quot; deal for the weekend at the Avenue. Average price per night was $225.My first impressions: Our room was HUGE --you could have fit 4 queen beds in there comfortably. The problem with this is that the tv was so far from the bed, I couldn't read the baseball score! And I have perfect vision. Also, there was a random medical grade hospital seat in our room, even though we weren't a handicapped accessible room. The good: Location is to die for, would stay here again knowing what to expect and loving the location. The beds are comfy. The curtains block out all light :-) It's a clean and comfortable (not exceptional) hotel.The bad: Water pressure is NON existent. I am all for being green, but the shower heads are abysmal. There is no safe in the room, but there are lock boxes at the front desk. This is incredibly inconvenient. I'm not carrying the queen's jewels, but I like to put my jewelry in a safe when I am gone, along with my ipod or camera, or even my wallet if I am not carrying the whole thing. The lock box was SUCH a pain, as I had to constantly wait in line while people were checking in/out to access it. Also, several things in the room were broken--a sliding door on the closet and the vanity light didn't work (was nice that they had a lighted, magnified mirror though). I even mentioned the terrible water pressure when at the lock box, and kind of got a shrugged &quot;sorry&quot; but there's nothing we can do.Summary: All in all, a good hotel if you are prepared for what I consider a 3.5 star experience. I would stay here again, the staff was very nice, the pub had great shepherds pie, and most importantly, the bed was comfortable with great pillows. And the location is fantastic. If you are expecting a 4 star hotel, I would stay elsewhere. Lastly--I know some reviewers complained about sirens/street noise, etc. I heard sirens and noise, but in my opinion it was nothing more than I am used to hearing when staying in a major city.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	We stayed here in February - no complaints. Room was large, clean, and updated. Staff was friendly and the location was great for shopping and restaurants.	
Nov 12 2009 	Sun Chips and Balloons	Landed in Chicago for the first time to see the Bears play. Ended up at the Avenue Hotel after some research. The hotel was right in the heart of where you want to be! Staff was very friendly and the E &amp; C downstairs is a great place to have a pint or start the morning off with a breakfast that you will not forget! Room was spacious and well appointed. Across the hall was a little noisy but that group was travelling to the Bears game also and with our door closed you couldn't hear the Canadians Snore. Although at some point we did hear the term &quot;Blue 42 Blue 42 Razor Razor&quot;! The beds were very comfortable with my roommate stating that he could spend all day just lying on it. All in all highly recommend the Avenue Hotel Chicago!	
Nov 6 2009 	Amazing Location!!	Asked for a high floor. Views from room window were of Tiffanys one way and the Lake the other. Beautiful &amp; large room &amp; clean. Location was a few steps off Michigan Ave &amp; all the shopping. Helpful staff. Would return if I went back to Chicago.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Hotel Location in downtown Chicago.	Very nice boutique hotel. Looks a little spartan when you first walk in. Not alot of fluff like the chains. And is quite dark in the entry. The staff were very pleasant, and helpful. We asked for recommendations of restaurants, directions, maps etc. Met all our expections. Rooms were clean, very comfortable queen beds and pillows. Fluffy towels.Only complaint is shower head. Round rain type, not alot of pressure. Restaurant at top of hotel had very limited hours. Not a night spot to go to and have a drink. Buffet for breakfast was $ 25.00. Go to West Egg for a better deal.Location was awesome. Walking distance to Water Tower shopping and MI AVE. $ 7-8 dollar cab to Field Museum, Navy Pier, Old Chicago Shopping - Original Marshall Fields, and clubs on Hubbard. Looking for Limo service-Call Mr. James Limo. Reasonable with group rates and great guy.	
Oct 14 2009 	Very comfortable!!	We stayed here on 26 September - 30 September 2009. Very efficient, only slight problem we had the room was reserve for us was a King size bed as we are girls didn't want to share a bed. They were like it a charge to change it. We were like no, as clearly said on the paperwork it a double double we were require. Manager sorted it out. The other problem we had with the water draining away in the shower, that was sorted out straight away! Good stuff house keeping. Bath room is bit small, but only one person in the bathroom at one time so I don't know what the fuss was about with people in the past who's been! The bed are so comfortable with nice 4 pillows, felt I was home from home. Reception staff were friendly always spoke as we past no matter what time of day! The Door man sorted out our taxi on our last day. It was ready for us at 5am!! Couldn't fault my stay and would gladly to stay again. We both love Chicago for mainly for two reasons the people and views of the city!! Don't bother about the fireworks at Navy Pier as they are one hit wonders!! Don't eat at Hard Rock Cafe Chicago as food awful, had a fajitas and it was cold. Also don't eat at Pizzeria Uno as its not real one down Ohio St. Totally recommend The Corner Bakery Cafe, which is left out of the hotel, to edge of that block then turn right to end of that block bout 3 min walk!! It was best breakfast I had on our trip! Cinnamon rolls to die for, plus my mate enjoyed her Oatmeal. Sear aka Willis Tower is brilliant especially at twilight. The Hancock tower was good also. Please go to Millennium Park to see the Mirror Bean as that awesome!! I could go on and on as I had a amazing time in Chicago, as enjoyed it more there than New York!! Feel free to contact me if you like to know anything.	
Oct 13 2009 	overall good service	we stayed in this hotel for 2 nights oct 1st to 3rd, as we had booked through priceline we were expecting to get a small room near a noisy lift, however, I had rang ahead to ask for a non-smoking room and had mentioned that we were on a special trip--on arrival we were offered an upgrade to a corner suite with a partial view of the lake!!! GREAT. the bed was really comfortable, and we enjoyed our stay . This hotel is minutes away from michigan avenue--for the shops, also an easy walk(less than 10minutes) to the Wendella boat tours We ate in the elephant and castle which is attached to the hotel--basic food , price o.k. service good. was very busy the evening we were there.Had breakfast in the corner bakery which is just around the corner--lovely, We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great locationnice roomsreasonable restaurant	Got this room through Hotwire. Really well appointed, free wireless, ist floor British themed restaurant is reasonably priced for all 3 meals. I would recommend parking a few blocks away vs the $48 next door fee(unless in/out service is important). Staff was very helpful.	
Oct 5 2009	Comfortable bed....but...	I booked using points from my credit card company. I arrived at the hotel at 1:00. Check in time is at 3:00. I was told that my room wasn't ready yet so I checked my luggage and went out to do some exploring. It was raining and I had a cold so I went back at 2:30 hoping my room might be ready a little bit early. Without checking, I was told that the rooms would be ready in 10 minutes. I sat and waited. A few minutes later, people started lining up to check in. I sat until the line went down. I stay at hotels frequently and have never encountered this before. I don't understand why they don't let people check in as their rooms become availalbe. The room was very nice. I played an extra $30 for a room with 2 queen beds versus the king room that I booked. The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable. I would have slept like a baby except for two things: Lots of sirens all night long and we couldn't get the temperature in the room quite right. The bathroom was a nice size. Plenty of room for two people to share sink space. The second morning there, I lost hot water in the shower. It sounded like the toilet in the room next door flushed right before it happened. It quickly recoverd but a few minutes later, I lost hot water for good. Not a good way to start the day. I called the front desk and they offered to send someone up to look at it but my shower was already over. An apology was all I received. The hotel is in an awesome location. One block off of Michigan Ave and centrally located. I'm just not sure I would stay here again due to the customer service issues.	
Oct 5 2009 	Convenient location ok hotel	Location can't be beat if you like shopping and dining - Mich Ave and WaterTower Place right around the corner. It is close to Northwestern Hospital and there are sirens and street noise that may bother light sleepers. Hotel room was pretty spacious but a bit worn considering the price. Some staff were friendly, others not so much. And the $25 restocking charge for the in-room snacks/drinks is a joke. Who would pay that for a Coke?Overall a nice place to stay in the city.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fan of The Avenue Hotel in Chicago	I travel to Chicago twice a year for business and have chosen the Avenue Hotel for the past four trips. Coming from San Francisco my standards are high and I find the Avenue Hotel offers several major pluses. First, its location to the Magnificent Mile can't be beat. Second, the upgraded room that I received on two of my last four visits was large by Chicago standard and has all the amenties that a business traveler or serious shopper expects of a first class hotel. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was also very nice and incredibly clean. My wakeup calls were delivered on time and with a friendly voice. Staff at the Avenue Hotel is friendly, accommodating and well trained in customer service. Third, with rooms lcoated on the higher floors the view is incredible. I didn't try the health Club, which has drawn a few negative comments on this website, but it looked completely acceptable. Overall I am a fan of this hotel and plan to return again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent location and dreamy bed	We went for our 28th anniversary and had an excellent time We got the standard room with a king size bed on Priceline for $122 a night. The public area is very small and that would limit me paying more, but it was well worth the price we paid. The room was nicely appointed and all the furnishings were very comfortable, but the bed was absolutely awesome--great linens and pillows! The room was not large but was definitely large enough. We had complimentary wireless and a nice ipod dock and flat screen TV. Coffee maker and hair dryer were good quality. Besides the bed, the location was perfect. We were 3/4 mile from Navy Pier which was our farthest walk. The Johns Hancock Bldg., shopping and excellent restaurants were all within 1/2 mile and very walkable. We looked out our window to the corner of Michigan and Huron where Tiffany's, Saks, and Nieman-Marcus are. Valet parking in the garage was a costly surprise at $96 for the two days we were there. Concierge was a little stuffy and didn't volunteer much information. We used the internet to answer most of our questions.	
Sep 18 2009 	Nice rooms bad location	We were allocated a junior suite on the 14th floor, high enough up not to hear most of the traffic noise but not high enough to drown out the emergency vehicles sirens that were arriving, day and night, at the massive hospital across the road. Plus there was a contant thumping noise, maybe a water pump or something to do with the aircon, that also went on day and night. So I found sleeping really difficult, which is a shame as the bed was lovely and comfortable, with pillows to die for! I had a running battle with housekeeping for my extra pilow, every night I would get it out of the wardrobe, and every day they would put it back again...It's a pity they weren't so zealous with the cleaning. On our first night we spilled some sugar on the counter top by the coffee machine, 3 days later it was still there. And the coffe making supplies tray wasn't refilled in all that time, we had to ring down to have some brought up to the room.Other than these niggles we really enjoyed our stay in Chicago and would love to come again. I would stay at the Avenue but would request a room at the back next time.	
Sep 16 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	Booked on priceline- as Four Star- Four Star might be a reach but certainly a solid 3 to 3.5 star. Lobby was quite plain. Four check in desks. Door man very helpful. Room was nice- recently remodelled- nice well lit bathroom, with new fixtures, a big multi streamed shower head with adequate pressure. Towel rich. The room also was spacious. Bed very comfortable. Room was very clean. No closet, just an area in the wall indented with a clothes bar ( found out this hotel used to be a Ramada). Only a couple blocks off Michigan Avenue.	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent location lovely suite.	Having stayed at six other places, we were quite tired when arriving in Chicago. Avenue Hotel was easy to find and we were pleasantly surprised by quite how close to everything it is located. (Steps from the Mag Mile) Staying here didn't break the bank which meant we had money left to shop unlike other hotels in the area. Checking in was easy and we had a lovely corner suite (2315) with lounge, bathroom and bedroom. The bed was SO comfy, we slept the best we had since arriving in the states 18 days previous! Lovely clean linen and touches like the zebra print dressing gowns and little wardrobe tucked round the corner.The mini bar was well stocked in the lounge. furnished with a very comfy sofa and zebra print arm chair, it was a great place to relax. (Maybe the lighting was a bit odd in this room after being so well considered everywhere else?)The bathroom was well appointed with a great shower, curved rail (Fab!) and lovely plush clean towels, good products and all well cared for.We loved staying here and was only sorry that the weather wasn't better so we could try the rooftop pool.I'd definitely stay here, the doormen were great at hailing cabs and reception staff welcoming and very helpful. Recommendations all round!	
Sep 3 2009 	GREAT LOCATION WONDERFUL PROPERTY BUT...	The Avenue Hotel is a wonderful property in a great location for any Chicago activity. The large, well-appointed rooms are comfortable and relaxing, however, internal and external noises abound! Lots of sirens all day and night and you can hear every movement above, below and right outside rooms. The lobby is stark and very modern, but even a roach coach serves complimentary coffee which this hotel does not. For the money one pays, they should serve a complimentary continental breakfast as well. The lobby is too close to the doors which made it very uncomfortable in the chilly weather. They have a fireplace but it was not lit and it would not have made much difference anyway. The in-room coffee maker is one of those single-serve models that is difficult to operate. For a luxury property, I expect real coffee mugs and not the cheap, tiny paper cups they provide along with Mini-Moo or some other liquid creamer. The pre-packaged coffee condiments are fine for a 1 or 2 star hotel only. Overall, it's an excellent property if you don't plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel and you aren't a coffee junkie..Convenient Magnificent Mile location within walking distance or short cab ride to many activities such as Navy Pier, shopping and Wrigley Field. 2 blocks from Saks and most importantly, 2 blocks from a Walgreens for whatever you forgot or the airline took from you.Upon check-in, the hotel attempts to charge you a $50 per day incidental fee if you are a cash or debit/check card customer. Priceline probably buried that info in the fine print that I didn't read, but I simply declined to pay the $50 per day fee and was only charged a one-time $50 fee (which is fair). PAY THIS FEE IN CASH because otherwise it can take 5-7 business days to get the money back. The hotel staff is kind enough to tell you that up front. If you pay cash, the money is returned to you at check-out if you don't incur any hotel charges such as phone or room service. If you run up $50 in charges prior to check-out, they ask for another $50. Also, there really is no reason to rent a car in Chicago. Avoid the $45 per day parking fee at this hotel and cab it or use public transportation. Chicago has excellent public transportation service even if you are going to the suburbs.If I can kick my caffeine addiction or the hotel implements my suggestions (about the coffee..I don't expect them to redeisgn the lobby on my behalf) I'd definitely return to the Avenue Hotel.	
Sep 3 2009 	Chicago the best city Avenue hotel the best hotel	We went to Chicago to spend a few days after being in New York for 6 days. We were exhausted and wanted some relax and real holidays. From the begining the people, in Chicago and specially in the hotel were very nice. We got an upgrade, thanks Arta, and we did enjoy every single day in the hotel. The people who works at the hotel are really nice and helpful they are always with a smile and make you feel wellcome.I recommend anyone who has to travel to Chicago to pick this hotel, not only because of the situation, in the magnificient mile, but for the quality of the hotel itself and the value of the people who work there.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location Reasonable Hotel	Like pretty much everyone, the location is excellent for downtown Chicago - within easy distance of buses and the metro. Initially we were given a large room on the 39th floor (fantastic views) but... it was next to the aircon for the hotel. When this kicked in, even the furniture vibrated, to say nothing of the noise. The first offer was to change for a &quot;smaller&quot; room as there was nothing else available - when I saw the room it was a bad joke - small was an understatement. After refusing the substitute of the smaller room, a large room on the 28th floor was found to be available(!) and we moved there and it was fine and comfortable. The front desk staff were really helpful.The downstairs bar is good for lunch / dinner - but avoid it for breakfast as service is slow and less than friendly.A big plus is the business centre where there is the possibility to check-in and print out boarding cards for free, to make the hassle of O'Hare a bit less.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect Location at a Perfect Price	I was able to get a really great rate on Priceline the day before our arrival. This hotel has been renovated and I believe used to be the Radisson. We were pleasantly suprised!We could not have aksed for a better location! We took the train from MDW (Orange line and then transfer to Red line) and then walked about 10 minutes to our hotel.We were greeted graciously and upgraded to a very large room with a southern view of the city on the 36th floor. The bedding was the most comfortable I have ever slept on and had a great night's sleep.The front desk called the room within 15=30 mintues to make sure everything was okay. This was when I asked if we were upgraded (cause I hear the standard rooms were small) and the lady said yes. (She was very nice, I can't spell her name, but when I asked, she told us she was from Bulgaria).The only less than positive things about this hotel are: Elevators are VERY TINY and take a while....the A/C units are very loud, but that only bothered us when it would turn off and then turn on later. So I just got up and turned it off and the room stayed cool all night.The room was very modern and spacious. We liked the large leather couch and the zebra chair was sooooo comfortable.Vern, the concierge was very helpful with directions and suggestions.This hotel provided a central location for everything we wanted to see. WE would not hesitate to go back to the Avenue hotel at all. WE were just blocks from Lake Michigan, shops and eateries.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good Hotel just steps from North Michigan Avenue	In my opinion, this hotel is a 3 to 3.5 star hotel. The staff were friendly and courteous. I found a great deal on a one-bedroom suite. For the most part, the decor and furniture were above average. In the living room, the leather sofa was comfortable. In the bathroom, the shower head and curved shower rod were nice, but the tile was poorly laid and the toilet looked industrial (like in a sports stadium). In the bedroom, the pillows were comfortable, but the waffle texture of the blanket was somewhat uncomfortable. The air conditioning units were moderately loud and the sun made the temperature slightly warm during the afternoon. The complimentary wireless Internet was easy to use and the speed was adequate. The rooftop pool was basic and small. The hotel was located just steps from the heart of North Michigan Avenue shops and attractions. It was also within walking distance of Navy Pier and Millennium Park. I would stay at this hotel again if I found another great deal.	
Aug 12 2009 	Not what I expected from a 4 star hotel	The location of this hotel was great. Right off Michigan Ave and right around the corner form Gino's East. The rooms were very small for the price and I had to pay extra to go from a king to two queens. This place is understaffed and we could never find anyone to help us. The bell hop just dropped two of my bags at the reception desk when I was still unloading 3 others and then I was expected to take them to my room. When you did get help, the bell hops actually demanded a tip. Overall I think I'll go back to the big chain where I can get better service, a bigger room and at a better price.	
Aug 9 2009 	truly a superb hotel for everyone	Booked Hotel through Hotwire for a bargain so wasnot expecting much, but from the moment we arrived we knew we were in for a special holiday.Initially we had a few problems with our room which could have been a problem with our 1 year old, but the staff moved us to a room which was superior &amp; massive. From the house keeping staff to the doormen to the reception staff we were welcomed every time by name and went out of their way to provide us with places we could take a toddler to. The room was always spotlessly clean with fresh towels daily &amp; lovely toiletries. the beds were so comfortable and the pillows made you want to stay in bed.I cannot praise this hotel enough but it was the staff that made our staff one to truely remember	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location	Very nice hotel located only one block from Michigan Avenue. My room was large and clean with a nice city view (22nd floor). The decor is sleek modern. Nice pictures frames of Chicago. The bathroom is small. The tub water drain very slow. The front desk staff was helpful and friendly. The roof pool has nice views of the city and the lakes. However, they need to clean the windows. The food at the hotel restaurant is average. For breakfast I recommend the Corner Bakery Cafe just one block from the hotel. Stay away from the hotel parking lot. They charge $48.00 plus taxes per day. You don't need a car in Chicago. Use public transportation or taxis. Overall, this is a good hotel value for downtown Chicago.	
Aug 4 2009 	Unbeatable place to stay in Chicago	Stayed two nights with the better half for a birthday weekend in the city, and we were very pleased with this hotel. Prior to our arrival we had already decided to request an upgrade - after all it was my birthday. When checking in they immediately upgraded us to a corner suite with amazing views. You know I had read on this site that previous guests had been upgraded without asking but I tend to be pessimistic and didn’t think it possible – well I guess I was wrong. Our room was spotless, and very well appointed. The robes were out of this world soft and the bed – I don’t think I have ever slept that good in a hotel before. The staff was always friendly and we were always greeted with a &quot;hello&quot; and a smile when passing in the hallway. Despite the great room and friendly staff, the main attraction of the Avenue Hotel is the location - just steps from some of Chicago's most iconic destinations. Overall, we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Pay for the Location.	The loaction of this hotel is fantastic. Stafff service is a 'could do better'. THe valet parking is laughable $48 for overnight adn the service, well lets say I could've got the car myself a lot quicker, and there was no instructions to how to get the staffs attention!Room spacious and had minibar but no prices given! And no matter how much you take out it did advise there is a $25 refill charge.Overall view this hotel as over priced, definitely paying for location only.	
Aug 1 2009 	Small room and the tub was peeling	We thought we'd have a more spacious room with two queens and a couch. Instead there was a little more than enough room to walk on both sides of a King bed.	
Jul 30 2009 	Avenue Hotel Chicago made honeymoon extra special!	The Avenue Hotel Chicago made our honeymoon extra special with their great service and helpfulness with directions. They also provided us with a sweet upgrade! They upgraded our regular king bed room to a top floor corner suite! We had amazing views of the city and Lake Michigan. The roof top pool was amazing! We plan on coming back once a year for our anniversary! We stayed at the Palmer House before and it was not as friendly. The avenue has a sleek modern feel to it and romantic views of the city. It's close the The Mag Mile close to The Gold Coast. Great hotel!	
Jul 29 2009 	Wonderful stay in a wonderful room	We were looking for a centrally located hotel in Chicago that was child friendly. I had found 2 rooms but wasn´t sure which would suit my requirements so I phoned reservations for advice. They offered me the kids room as it had not been available on line with a similar discount as would have been found on travel websites. We got to the hotel late and everything ran smoothly. Check in went quick and the kids got milk and cookies which they loved. The room was spacious, fun (especially for the kids) and comfortable. I liked how the lighting was designed so that the parents could stay up without interrupting the kids. The only thing I wasn´t too happy with, was the size of the bathroom. When trying to bath 2 kids it was a bit difficult manouvering in such a tiny space. I	
Jul 28 2009 	Good hotel great location	We just returned from a long weekend spent in Chicago and stayed at The Avenue. The rooms are small and kind of dark but the location can't be beat. We walked to shopping and restaurants.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect Hotel for our Chicago Trip	I stayed the Avenue in March with 3 friends on a trip from Washington to Chicago to Minnesota. Our stay at the Avenue was the highlight of our trip. The shopping in Chicago is AMAZING!!! and just steps from this hotel!The staff at the hotel were incredible. It was pretty chilly out and the gentleman on around 10pm actually went out to the main road to hail a cab for us, and have it come to the lobby entrance to pick us up. Thank you soooo much. Guests don't forget little things like that, which were really above and beyond in my books!The actual hotel itself is beautiful &amp; modern. The room decor is fantastic &amp; the suites are very well laid out.Thank you for being a part of our vacation and making it so much more than we expected!	
Jul 27 2009 	Decent 3 1/2 stars just needs a little more TLC	Checked in room 2902 on a Friday afternoon. Check in very smooth. Room was spacious and clean. Bathroom was very small. Tub was a little bit dirty with some tiny hairs that were their prior to us and the tub water did not drain, we had to call maintenace. Hotel was in a good location. The beds were VERY comfy but the pillows a little bit too soft for my liking. Housekeeping was quick in response for toilet paper and towel requests and maintenance. Elevators a bit slow especially around check in or out time. The pool was much much smaller than you see on the hotel website. Employees very accomodating except for Bellmen, if you are not quick with the tip they actually ask for one. Decent hotel for the value.Be careful of the cab drivers, we had different rates to and from airports. We visited Millenium Park, Navy Pier, and Oak Street Beach (pack your own beach towel)Ate at Gino's East for Chicago Deep Dish around the corner from the hotel.. Pizza was like soup, too hot and mushy. Excellent spinach sticks though. Had the best ice cream at the ice cream shop in Millineum Park. Also ate at Weber Grill, got seated right away with reservation. Not overly impressed with this restaurant, it was good steak but I have had better. The Corner Bakery right down the street from the hotel was very very good for breakfast. Niu served Japanese, very cool atmosphere and good food. And one of my fav's was Yogurt Couture on Erie and State, a yogurt bar with every topping imaginable open til 4am on Saturday	
Jul 27 2009 	Who Determines Four Stars???	We went to Hotwire and asked for a 4 star Chicago Hotel for a weekend. They came up with the Avenue Hotel. Well, our room was so small, we couldn't order room service, there would have been no place to put it! The highly touted rooftop bar with the view didn't open until 6 p.m. and the bartender showed up after that. It was minimally, uninterestingly furnished - the view was as advertised, but we didn't stay for lack of anyone being there. Bars all around the neighborhood were jumping, but not this one. Beds and bedding were very comfortable. Bathroom also very small - all was very clean. We do question the criteria for four stars, since there must be a tremendous gap between four and five, judging by this hotel!! With so many choices in Chicago, I don't think we would choose this one again.	
Jul 26 2009 	great experience	Great location, we had a room on the 22nd floor, nice outlook, and quiet. We walked to all the tourist attraction from The Avenue Hotel. Staff extremely polite and helpful. Would not hesitate to stay again	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel for a Cubs Weekend	I travel to Chicago several times a year and was looking for a hotel for a Cubs weekend with a friend. I was not familiar with Avenue Hotel but booked it through a discount hotel website. It turned out to be a great stay for us. The location was very convenient, just one block off Michigan Avenue and very close to the Water Tower area. We found the roof top pool and exercise facilities to be a nice plus too. I went swimming at 7am on Saturday morning and had a wonderful view of Lake Michigan while doing some laps.The hotel beds were very comfortable and everything in the room was very new including the high def flat screen TV. Valet parking at the hotel is a little high at $45/night. There are other lots close by for $20 to $30 per night. The roof top restaurant offered a nice breakfast but we did not eat there. All in all, we were pleased with our stay.	
Jul 22 2009 	We had compliments around every corner	My 2 friends and I stayed downtown for a concert. We chose the Avenue Hotel for price, location, and pool on roof. There must have been a mistake with the price b/c we got so much more than what we paid, $167. We had a corner suite, windows galor in the bedroom and the living area, flat screen, awesome leather couch, which does pull out but was so comfortable did'nt need to, and the zebra chair was the best. FYI, the minibar is sensored so dont remove unless ready to pay. We brought drinks and moved theirs, they charged us b/c the sensor but removed the charge when we explained, No Problem, staff was excellent from start to finish! The decor was great, we kept feeling the textured walls everywhere we went. The pool on the roof was excellent and the Sky lounge for breakfast could not have a better view or fresher fruit (eggs, bacon and toast were great too). The location was perfect for shopping, eating and drinking for a group of girls but very romantic for a couple as well, my man and I will definitely be there soon, Avenue Hotel be ready for us during the Air and Water Show!!	
Jul 20 2009 	A decent option if you can get a good price	This is a trendy spot. It is not fancy or spacious. If anything it feels very cramped. The lobby is small and crowded. The rooms are small (and I had a suite). It worked for a business hotel because I got a really good deal and it's in Chicago where hotels get expensive. You are 2 blocks off Michigan Avenue so it's na easy walk. There are some stores nearby and you are a short walk from the Hancock tower. They have a breakfast buffet on the roof - don't bother. The service is slow and sullen (unlike most of the rest of the staff). The food is marginal. You can do better almost anywhere. Would I stay here again - maybe. If I needed a downtown hotel for $100 a night and could get this one then yes. If this hotel was at full price then no. Chicago has lots of great hotels. If you are going to spend some money on the hotel then you should avoid the Avenue and stay at one of them.	
Jul 15 2009 	Wonderful	I stayed at the hotel during the Taste of Chicago. I received excellent service from the time I checked in until my departure. The staff was very professional. My room was superb and the hotel is in a wonderful location. The amenities in the room was very nice... I used to live in Chicago, so coming home for a visit was a real treat. I will be back and the Avenue will be my hotel of choice.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Value!	We had a wonderful long weekend at the Avenue Hotel and we'll definitely stay there again. The Avenue has invested wisely and well in amenities that really matter, while paring away costly but less vital elements. You'll find great beds, linens and housekeeping here, for instance, but no fancy lobby or cable TV. That adds up to a great value in a neighborhood where other hotels are charging 30-40% more. Pros:-- Tailored, serenely modern decor; not a floral print anywhere -- Sumptuous bed linens with plenty of pillows-- Clean rooms and public areas-- Huge windows and ample space in our &quot;Junior Suite,&quot; essentially a large room with a sitting area nicely furnished with a leather couch, coffee table and armchair. It even had a walk-in closet. -- Kid friendly, but not kid overrun.-- All-pro front desk staff. Jael and Julio went to great lengths to resolve a problem caused by the room discounter we used.-- Casual restaurant and elegant lounge both on premises-- Just a block from the ideal segment of Michigan Ave., where the Water Tower, stores and parks are nirvana for shoppers, people watchers and sightseers.-- Great soundproofing-- A small, pleasant outdoor rooftop pool and deck on the 40th floor is a perfect escape from Chicago's street-level bustle. We saw a family bring in fruit, bread and cheese to picnic with a bird's eye view of the city and lake.-- Brunch in the 40th-floor Sky Lounge was pricey, but the food was great and service fast and friendly.Cons:-- No convenience store on premises...but in this neighborhood, none's really needed.-- Cheesy disposable cups for the in-room coffee maker, and no discernible recycling effort, in this otherwise Green hotel.-- 10 or 12 TV channels just aren't enough, according to the insomniac in our party. -- Powerful but noisy AC-- A label on the refrigerator warning of a $25 restocking fee scared us so badly we never even opened the darn thing. Which is probably just as well. -- The lobby is small, with utilitarian seating and minimal decor. If you like lounging around opulent lobbies and lobby bars, this is not your hotel. On the other hand, you'll be thrilled if you like getting from the front door to the elevator bank quickly, without navigating obstacles. For breakfast, walk two blocks to Cafe Lux on Michigan for amazing made-to-order beignets, great coffee, and a fantastic menu selection. It was the best breakfast we've ever had... try the blood orange mimosas and mojitos.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice Hotel Would Return	We stayed here July 9-12. Overall our stay was very nice. We arrived a little before check in but they had our room ready. We were given a room on the 36th floor. The rooms are a tad tiny but for the time we were in it, the space was fine. The rooms have very large windows and our view was great. We could see the lake to our right, Gino's East right below, and the Magnificant Mile to the left. Our king bed was very comfortable. The shower/bathroom was a little small but we managed. We had problems with our wireless internet the first night but tech support walked us through. The air conditioners have sensors and kick on when you walk through the door. The elevators were pretty quick. Sometimes they were on the sluggish side but I never complained. The front desk was helpful when it wasn't real busy. We did ask for priority seating for Gino's East since there was a really long line and received that. 20 mins later we were seated!! We never went swimming but the water is heated and it has a great view. We also never had a chance to eat at the two restaurants.Parking is steep . . .$49/day, but that is Chicago. I wish they would offer some type of discount for hotel guests.Our last night there was also the worst. We had a group of young adults on our floor. When we seen security there once around 8:30 pm, we knew we might be in for a long night. About 1:00 am the group returned and were extremely loud, slamming doors, foul language, yelling/screaming at each other. We called security and they came up shortly after. They were warned. They were quiet for a little while and then a couple was outside our door arguing and yelling at each other. My husband then called security and they came a second time. Shortly thereafter the cops arrived. I'm not sure what happened but luckily I was able to go to sleep and tune it all out. I would have liked to see the hotel escort this whole group out of the hotel so the other guests could get some peace and quiet. A group shouldn't have to be warned more than once to be quiet. Also, I may have felt different if they sounded like they were having fun, but it was more fighting than anything.I really enjoyed my stay and I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great downtown locaton Clean 	Loved our stay at the Avenue. We were upgraded to a suite for our 5 night stay without even requesting it, and it made such a difference to have that extra room for this extended stay. The front desk, housekeeping and bell staff were very friendly and helpful at every encounter. The rooms are very clean and well furnished. I was sorry to leave our suite on the 30th floor on the last day because I knew our next stop would not be able to match the comfort and style we had at the Avenue Chicago.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Hotel	I booked my 4 night stay at the Avenue via lastminutetravel.com, total cost of US$430(incl. taxes) for a deluxe room.Upon check-in I was pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a suite on the 22nd floor. As some others have mentioned elevators were a little slow. My suite's living area included large leather couch, armchair, desk with ipod dock/speakers, flat screen TV, and tea/coffee station. Complimetary wireless internet access was a big plus and greatly appreciated.Bedroom was spacious, with a very comfortable bed and linens. Another flat screen TV, wardrobe and full elngth mirror. Lots of windows.Bathroom was clean and practical (hairdryer supplied), great toiletries - loved the body lotion! If anything I would say housekeeping supplied too many towels, they were always replaced and I ended up with 8 facewashers at the end of my stay, because I had to move them out of the way to use the shower and vanity. Small thing, but I hope they weren't all laundered uneccesarily.As some others have mentioned, it is a dark hotel. This is my only real complaint, the photos I've posted were taken with every light in the room on and they're still quite dark. As I spent time here sleeping it didn't phase me much, but if you needed to spend more time in the room this may be an issue.Rooftop bar and pool. It was quite cold during my stay so I didn't use the pool, but it looked like it would be nice for some sun in summer.Overall, a very pleasing stay. Staff were pleasant, hotel was roomy and clean. Location was convenient to Michigan Ave shopping, pizza resturants and Navy Pier (approx. 20-25 min walk to Art Institute in the South Loop). I was in town for a conference in the Loop but tried a Michigan Ave location for something different and quite enjoyed the daily walk (only a $5 cab ride if needed though).	
Jul 2 2009 	Perfect!	We had a perfect stay! The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The price was great and I couldn't have asked for a better location! I would definetely stay here again when I am in the city!	
Jun 30 2009 	Very Impressed	I attended a recent business meeting held at the Avenue Hotel. I was very impressed the the attentiveness of the staff on check-in and the very spacious room. The bed was comfy and I didn't hear a peep from neighbors on any side. The location was terrific as well - one block or so off Michigan Avenue. Parking was alot but that's what parking is in Chicago. The meeting room was spacious and the staff was as attentive as at check-in with excellent service and refreshments.All in all, I was very pleasantly surprised as we normally use more &quot;name&quot; chains for our meetings. I would gladly consider this hotel for personal stays as well.	
Jun 29 2009 	Perfect location but a few kinks.	I stayed at the Avenue Hotel for a reunion the end of June. It was a busy weekend in Chicago and the hotel seemed to be hopping. I had a Junior Suite, which is actually an ADA room and there were only a few minor issues with the room. There was no hairdryer in the room, we had to call downstairs and one of the lights in the bathroom was out, but quickly replaced. The issues we found were the excessively long wait for the elevator. No matter when we were trying to catch the elevator it appeared as though only one was actually running and would be packed if it stopped on our floor. The other issue was the misleading nature of the booking. We booked on the hotels website because they were offering better package deals. However, their confirmation appears as though the credit card had been charged for full payment while the reality is it is merely a recognition of reservation. The full charge is due at check-out, which is fine, but they need to clear up the misleading communication.	
Jun 28 2009 	perfect location comfy bed broken a/c slow elevator	Pleasantly surprised that after booking a great rate on hotwire, we had a 2-room suite with king bed! A/C in the room did not work at all - but we weren't in the room except to sleep. We didn't inform the front desk of this till we checked out. Wonderful large showerhead, big fluffy towels/sheets/blankets, leather sofa (!). Didn't swim in the pool but it looked like the people there were having fun. Elevators were frightfully slow on Sunday morning - our room was on the 17th floor and every elevator that stopped there was already crammed with other people checking out. We ended up hoofing it 17 flights down the steps! The location of this hotel can't be beat - steps from everything. Pub on ground floor was decent food/the opportunity to eat outside, and carries lots of different beers. We would stay here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Location Great Views	My husband and I got a good deal on priceline, considering a summer weekend in Chicago. At check-in, they ended up upgrading us to a corner 2 room suite on one of the top floors. We didn't even ask!The bed was very comfortable and it was amazing waking up to a wall of windows looking DT and to the lake. You couldn't beat the location of this hotel...a block away from North Michigan with shopping and restaurants.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great People Great Service Great Location	We just spent a very enjoyable weekend at the Ave.Family and friends used the Ave as our &quot;home base&quot;, while attendinga family wedding. The hotel renovation is complete. From the front lobby to the sky lounge on top of the building, the Avenue is new, fresh, clean and very comfy! The staff continues a great reputation for outstanding guest service. Their genuine attention to the details makes every visithassle-free. The Ave is located in the heart of the Magnificent Mile within walking distance of fine restaurants and outstanding shopping. Great people, great service, great location, that's the Avenue Hotel!	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful place just don't get dirty!	OUr stay in the Avenue was quite nice, the 2 queen bed studio suite is quite nice. Tv reception is poor, but the view and bedding more than make up for it!!! The english pub attached is reasonably priced and decent food. The lobby has an interesting design with somewhat annoying euro-pop techno music playing. The sky lounge seemed a bit small, but cozy. The ambiance is nice except the same music in lobby, plays there, loudly. The drink prices there were outrageous though, $9 for a rum and coke. I had to make sure one lasted awhile! The pool area was also small but nice. The pool was clean and nice and warm. Just a handy tip is that there is a dunkin donuts and a 7-11 two or three blocks down St Clair so you can save a little money there to dodge the breakfast costs in the hotel. The concierge was friendly and helpful in arranging the boat tour and just general getting around. This hotel is in fairly comfortable walking range of the Navy Pier, Ogden Slip (where some of the boat tours leave from) The Magnificent Mile, and Millennium Park. The room itself was spacious with a feeling of privacy even when sharing. The bathroom is a wonderful size, with plenty of space to change without standing in the splash of the shower. The shower though left much to be desired. The fixtures were loose against the wall and the pressure was dreadful. You would have better luck bathing in a water fountain. The water just dribbled out and never really left you feeling clean. Everything else about the bathroom was great. I'm not sure if the water pressure was poor due to being on the 34th floor or what, but I was glad I didn't take advantage of the weight room because I know I would have never gotten the sweat off of me.Outside the window you can hear the ambulances coming into Northwestern University Hospital, but its not too bad as it quiets down at night and if you're from another city, like I am, the sound kind of disappears. It was nice though to have free wireless internet!Overall we did have a pretty comfortable stay here, but I think the hotel needs a little bit more work, before it can really be as classy as its neighbors. I'd recommend a pianist for the sky lounge and make it a piano bar. Kill the lobby music all together so its easier to communicate with staff. Also figure out how to get more water to the top floors so the guests can feel clean and truly refreshed.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good location-Bad Business.	If you do stay at this hotel, be sure to walk from home (it's probably cheaper.) Parking is outrageous, and you will not be informed of this charge until after you check out of the hotel. If I had been informed of the extremely high rates to park my car, I would have taken a train or even parked somewhere else cheaper. Also they offer to check your bags for you, don't do it! It is such a cluster, that its easier to just hold onto them and lug them down Michigan Avenue yourself. Staff seems very disorganized and unfriendly. Great location, and that is just about it.	
Jun 12 2009	Great Location-That's about it...	Every year, I take my Mom downtown for Mother's Day weekend. We try to stay at a different hotel every time to experience all the fun things to do in Chicago. I decided on the Avenue hotel this year because of its location (which is excellent) and its price happened to be within my budget. I called the hotel directly to find out if they were doing anything special for Mother's Day as most hotels where we've stayed over the years have done. They explained to me that they had a special package deal that weekend (for an extra charge) that included complimentary brunch and mimosas. I thought, &quot;My Mom will love that&quot; and made my reservations. When we got there, we were immediately surprised at how small the lobby was compared to all the other places we have stayed in the city. When we got to our room, again, we were dissappointed by how small and dark it was. I had brought an expensive, special bottle of wine to share with my Mom over the weekend only to find that in order to keep it cold, I had to pay $25 for the USE of the refrigerator. Keep in mind, I wasn't planning on consuming anything FROM the refrigerator. The special wine is a tradition and I have NEVER been charged for the use of the refrigerator in any other hotel. The first morning, when we got up, we were excited about having our complimentary brunch and a mimosa and headed to the &quot;Sky Lounge&quot; to eat. The front desk had given us vouchers for the two days. The brunch was just ok (definitely not worth the extra money I paid). What really irked me though was, when we asked the semi-comatose and unfriendly &quot;waiter&quot; for our mimosas, he said, &quot;Uh, we don't serve alcohol until after five.&quot; Now this is an orange juice-based drink (that we already paid for, mind you) and is traditionally drank during, I don't know, BRUNCH-THE TIME BETWEEN BREAKFAST AND LUNCH. We were very dissappointed as my Mom had her heart set on the extravagant drink. We ended up going down to the neighboring Elephant lounge and ordered them there. When we complained to the front desk, absolutely nothing was done. We weren't given our money back for the cost of the drinks (which would have been four total). Later that week, I contacted the manager who credited my credit card $50 for the mixup. Of course that was appreciated but it should have been addressed when we complained. The one bright spot was the concierge who was incredibly helpful in suggesting where to have dinner. All in all, it wasn't a horrible experience but it wasn't a memorable one. IF you're not planning on spending much time in your hotel room, the location is great. But if you're going for the whole stay/eat/drink experience, for the money, stay somewhere else.	
Jun 11 2009 	Been there twice just as nice	I have been to the Avenue Hotel twice now. Once with my husband and son, and once for a girls weekend. Both times were fantastic!The location is what drew me to the hotel in the first place, right near all the great shopping!So the first time with my family, we had a big rooms with a so comfy king size bed for us, and a pullout couch for my son. He seemed fine with it! So we had almost the same layout with the girls, only two beds and a pull out! Big, clean room, flat TV, small bathroom, but that was fine. My husband enjoyed the free internet with his laptop.Service was wonderful! The checkin went smoothly, the same girl checked us in both times, very nice, and let me know about what the hotel offered.One of the best parts( of both trips) was the concierge. He was knowledgable, and both times made great recommendations for the family and the girls night out. We even got some free passes for the girls night out to Howl at the Moon, Martini Park(our two favorites) and more. He made our stay most enjoyable, as did the rest of the staff, the doorman Sami (funny guy) and the bartender in the lounge (small place but great views!)We already have a reservation for another girls weekend in September, and have contacted Vern the concierge for more information! We can't wait!	
Jun 11 2009 	Beautiful Hotel In Great Location	We stayed at the Avenue Chicago within close proximity to all shops and museums. The hotel had a great rate for the weekend, but we did have to pay for valet parking. But parking is a cost that you will have to pay at any hotel in Chicago should you decide to drive. We opted to not drive any further during this trip and instead used public transportation to get anywhere we needed to go. Beautiful lobby, rooms and great staff!	
Jun 8 2009 	Not Worth Full Price Not 4-Star	PROS: Location is fabulous. It is right off of Magnificent Mile, and very close to Starbucks, Corner Bakery, Dunkin', 7-11. We walked everywhere (except the zoo) and didn't feel we were far.They offer free wireless (not typical at other four-stars).Great showerheads and the curved shower curtain rod that gives you more room in the shower (typical at other four-stars).Luggage storage before and after check-out (typical at other four-stars)They upgraded us to a suite without asking (corner room with two walls of windows!).They are available through Hotwire, which means you do not have to (and you should not) pay full price.CONS:While the superficial furnishings seemed somewhat new (bed linens, decor), the deeper elements seemed old and tired (baseboards, tile, public bathrooms on the second floor). Overall, I felt that I was staying in an old building that had been superficially spruced up to try and meet a four-star level.There is no proper concierge or concierge desk (if there is, it is hidden). It seems that the front desk staff doubles as concierges. The day we checked in we asked for information about the river architectural tours (seemingly one of the more popular tourist activities in the city). We waited a few minutes while two staff members rifled through a desk to find brochures. In the end, they could not find anything. One of them very kindly gave us a map and directions to the site of one of the tour companies--that was very helpful. I, do, however, expect more from a four-star hotel. A proper concierge at a proper four-star hotel would have booked the tour for me or at least had ready access to brochures and detailed information.Housekeeping came into our room without knocking about 2 hours before check-out time (we were checking out at the regular check-out time for all guests).The bed was very, very uncomfortable--it sloped in the middle and tilted toward the head.The staff, while friendly, were not as professional/formal as I'd expect from a four-star hotel in one of the largest cities in the country. The exception was one gentleman at the front desk who might have been Mik, the general manager.The lotion in the bathroom had a seal, and the seal was broken. I don't usually see seals on hotel bathroom amenities, but when there is a seal and it's broken, it makes you feel like you are using used lotion...Would I stay here again? I would really prefer not to, even with the discounted Hotwire price. Expect 3- or 3.5-star level if you go. It was just OK (the bed was definitely bad). A four-star hotel should be better than &quot;just OK&quot;.	
Jun 3 2009 	My birthday!	My girlfriends surprised me and took me to Chicago for my birthday weekend and we stayed in the lavish hotel, &quot;The Avenue.&quot; Words cannot express how dazzled I was with, &quot;The Avenue!&quot; From the time we pulled up to check in, everyone had their hand/arm out to assist us, with a smile! We felt very welcomed! Check-in was quick and easy, elevators were quick with a smooth ride and the rooms were very clean, spacious and up to date. We had such a great time, we're going back for, &quot;The Taste of Chicago,&quot; in July and to host a bachelorette party for our girlfriend, as well as another birthday celebration in September! I can't get enough of this place! Oh, and did I mention how cozy the beds are? :-)	
Jun 3 2009 	Thank you for making our stay special	I recently stayed at Avenue Hotel Chicago for my wedding anniversary. Friend of mine who recently stayed there recommended the hotel and I have decided to give it a try. Upon arrival, I was greeted by their doorman who was very friendly. Then to my surprise, when I was checking in with my wife, front desk agent congratulated us on our anniversary and offered me a complimentarty upgrade to lovely suite. I only mentioned purpose of my stay during reservation when I was asked purpose of my visit and I guess reservation agent went above and beyond to relay this message to the front desk. At check out, I was once again thanked for spending my anniversary with Avenue hotel by the desk agent and I just couldn't resist but to post this review to thank the staff at Avenue Hotel for making my anniversary extra special this year.	
Jun 1 2009 	We will be back!	We stayed at this hotel for our recent trip to Chicago and I really can't say enough good about it. The only bad part was they gave us the wrong room at the very beginning but it was easily corrected. We stayed in one of the lakeview suites and it was a very nice,well appointed room with comfortable furniture, top of the line toiletries and excellent views. The location was wonderful, we spent one day wandering through all the nearby shops and a second day we walked to Navy Pier. I would recomend taking taxis to anything outside walking distance as traffic can be &quot;interesting&quot; in that area. We never made it up to the Sky Lounge so I can't comment on that but the room service was good and the Elephant &amp; Castle pub was excellent. All of the staff we encountered was courteous and friendly. We're hoping to go back to Chicago next year for a longer stay and The Avenue will certainly be our choice for accomodations.	
May 26 2009 	Terrific location poor service	A friend and I stayed 3 nights at Avenue Hotel after winning it on Priceline for $99 per night. I would not pay more. It is supposedly a 4 star hotel (Priceline rates it as 4*) but the service was awful. We were interrupted by housekeeping at 9am on our last morning, seemingly asking us to leave, although we had been told 12pm was checkout. She laughed at us - er, why?Front desk staff did not want to be there, or at least did not want us to be there. Very unhelpful and no smiles or welcomes. The porter, too, was very surly when we asked to leave our bags on the last day.There were some good points about the hotel - the location is wonderful, steps off the Magnificent Mile and close to the Chicago stop on the Red Line. Very close to lots of pubs, restaurants, and shops. There is a Walgreens 2 blocks away for snacks and water. We were given 2 queen beds on the 18th floor. As I was traveling with a friend, it was a bonus to have a bed each. The rooms aren't large but nicely appointed with nice toiletries and a flat screen TV.All in all, I would go back, but only if I paid less than $100. The swimming pool on the top floor had terrific views and the Sky Lounge offered cheap cocktails and nice bar snacks.	
May 25 2009 	Kid Friendly Rooms	I booked the room on Priceline and called the hotel to get upgraded to a kids room. There was an extra charge for this, but it was worth it. The room was large and it had a Wii. My kids ages 3 and 6 loved it. They also liked the kids amenities in the room. While the parking was expensive, we liked the hotel and the location. We were not that familiar with Chicago and found the staff to be friendly and helpful. If I was going to stay there again, i would not go to the adjoining restaurant, the Elephant and Castle. It was overpriced and the both the food and the service were bad. The Corner Bakery is only a block away and it is a much better option.	
May 25 2009 	Very Disappointed- Location is it's only positive note!	Stayed here on a Saturday night for our anniversary and will not be returning! The clerk who checked us in could not care less if we were there. She wasn't even going to ask us or tell us what kind of room we were getting. She never smiled or told us to have a nice stay, no pleasantries at all! The elevators were old and small. One was broken when we stopped at the fitness floor to look around. It was all dark with the doors stuck open a little below the floor level. Kind of scared us to get back on another one!! Everything in this hotel is extra! They have a fridge in the room with snacks and drinks that are $4-$5 apiece but the kicker is that if you take one, it not only costs that price but also a $25 restocking fee!!! So that one Coke will cost $29!!!! Parking is still $48 but with unlimited in and outs. It did take the valet 20 minutes to get our car though so it's not real speedy. Better call down and alert them before you go down yourself! Internet is an extra charge, if you want your own fridge it's an extra charge (I was scared to use the lotion provided for us in the bathroom! I am still watching my credit card for a $20 charge for that one squirt of lotion!!) The welcome book in the room says there are vending machines in the building but we asked the comatose front desk attendant and she referred us to the Walgreens 2 blocks away. Convienent!! We came and went several times over our one night stay and we were NEVER greeted by any lobby staff. Once I was given the stink eye by a guard after I smiled and said HI to him!! We stayed at the Palmer the last anniversary and will be going back there from now on. They were like our family compared to how we were treated at this place!	
May 21 2009 	Great location!	Stayed at the Avenue Hotel in May. I wouldn't have been able to afford this place if I booked right on the actual hotel website. I went through booking.com and got the room (2 queen sized beds on the 22nd floor) for only $99 bucks a night!Great location though. We walked everywhere! Room was clean and the view was pretty awesome. It was great to have The Elephant and Castle (the Pub) right in the lobby of the hotel, they had an excellent beer selection, and super friendly staff. OH and the beds were really comfortable too! Parking, however, was a nightmare. The parking at the actual hotel was 48 dollars a night... OUCH! We elected to park at the public lot next door (the hospital lot) that was 34 dollars a night.. and for the 50 hours I was in Chicago it cost me $104 for parking. They charge PER DAY opposed to PER HOUR. Watch for this..	
May 21 2009 	Fantastic Value	My wife and I stayed here for a short getaway after our wedding as we aren't going to be taking our actual honeymoon until this summer. Overall I thought this hotel was a fantastic value for what we got. We have stayed many places in the downtown Chicago area, from the way overpriced Hyatt Regency on Wacker to much smaller hotels like the Rafaello and Allerton. I decided I will do this review as a pros and cons list.Pros:-Great value. We paid $108.00 to stay in a king bed suite - you don't easily find this in the city.-The room. The bed was fantastically comfortable. We spent many hours just laying in it and staring out the picture window. Also, the sleeper sofa in the living room was nice to pull out and watch a movie from, although not too comfortable.-Location. Half a block east of Michigan Ave. is great. Also close to the Chicago Red Line stop if you want to go elsewhere in the city.-The view. We were on the 36th floor in a corner suite looking south. I haven't had a better view of the city from any hotel.Cons: (some of these are pretty picky details)-The TV in the bedroom was an old tube TV of about 24 inches. An upgrade would be nice.-The toilet was *very* loud in the bathroom. Easily enough to wake me up at night. It seemed I could hear it from other rooms as well.-The heating and AC seemed a little strange. We had it set to 65 to try to cool the room and there was heat coming out. It seemed to stay at a comfortable temp, but not what it was set to.-Parking. I have seen many people complain about $48.00 for parking. This is common for valet in the city, anywhere from $40-50. Park a block east at the hospital and you'll pay less than $20 per day.All in all for what is rated as a 3-star hotel this was a fantastic stay. I would definitely go here again, maybe just bring earplugs to sleep with. The staff was great and as a whole it was a fantastic hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Location and Style	Our room was very clean, modern, attractive and spacious. Location was great, staff was very friendly and helpful. View was fantastic. Beds were very comfortable.	
May 18 2009 	Feel ripped-off	It was a beautiful one-bedroom suite, a little small but for the price a GREAT deal. The bathroom was really too small, however, and I had to call down twice for more clothes hangers. But what really got me was the $48 per day to park my car, which was not disclosed beforehand, and ended up costing as if I stayed an extra night. That said, I would stay there next time if I didn't have a car.....	
Apr 29 2009 	Great value for money!	Having seen so many places where they rip you off and provide bad service in return, I must say this hotel finally is the exact opposite. The value for money is just great, staff is never arrogant but always helpful and friendly. Beds are great, if you order room service the portions are big and they charge you not more than you would be charged in any restaurant around the corner.It's good to say that places like this still exist !!	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Location - Excellent Room	Stayed at Avenue Hotel on the Miracle Mile in Chicago for 1 night recently. The room was great, fabulous king sized bed, lovely furnishings with a full sized desk and flat screen tv. The bathroom was small but adequate and really appreciated the hairdryer and additional magnifying mirror. Parking steep at $48, but found a place on Ontario St about 2 blocks away, around the corner from Trader Joes (another perk) for $32. The bed was really great, we both slept like babies! We had friends staying at the Omni - literally across Michigan Avenue from us and they preferred our room. Believe me, we definitely got the better deal! If you manage to get a great deal - like under $100.00 it's definitely the place to stay! The location was excellent also and you could walk everywhere. The Elephant and Castle adjacent was great for breakfast. The Sky Bar was very nice, but it was a cloudy day when we were there, but we sat by the fire to dry off and it was lovely.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great choice for your North Michigan Ave. adventure	Very nice place one block off of Michigan Avenue. Only a few blocks from Water Tower Place, Gino's East and many other great places to shop and eat. My 3 co-workers and I spent 3 days during a conference. We had no trouble finding good food and entertainment within walking distance. We recommend Jake Melnicks (casual sports bar w/ great food), ESPN Zone, Corner Bakery, and the Elephant and Castle, a great British restaurant and pub right next to the hotel. Get the breakfast with Irish bangers (sausages). As for the hotel, we had a mix of rooms, mostly great. One was just OK size wise, and 3 were larger suites with wonderful views of downtown and\or Lake Michigan. Make sure to ask reservations staff to get the room size and view that you want. Reservations staff was very accommodating - our non-profit group received a free upgrade (to suites) from their friendly staff - how nice! Rooms were very clean and modern. Beds were very comfortable. There are only eight rooms on each floor so sleeping was easy. It was quiet considering the proximity to Northwestern Memorial and Michigan Avenue. You're not going to get away from the noise in this immediate neighborhood. Wireless internet access was free and worked fine. Parking is valet only. Car was always available within 5 minutes of request and valet staff was great. I would spend the few dollars extra. Self park is one block away and very tempting, but it is a pain to haul your stuff back and forth. Front desk staff was helpful and attentive, except upon arrival. I checked in around 10pm on 4/5 and that registration person was indifferent. Everything else was very good. I would go back again. I think my kids would like a shot at the outdoor pool when the weather gets a bit warmer.	
Apr 25 2009 	IMPOSSIBLE to do better than the AVENUE!!!	After considering several hotels in the area, my wife and I spent (9) nights in February and (3) nights in March in a Two Queen Bed room at the Avenue while I had surgery at Northwestern Memorial Hospital which is just across the street.The room was very large - the beds were among the most comfortable we've experienced and as a retired couple who travel and have stayed in a lot of hotels this is saying a lot. The desk, study chair and wing chair were very comfortable. There was a large flat-screen TV. The bathroom were very nice with a rain-type shower head - - and an ample amount of large, soft, thick bath towels, etc.Housekeeping did a great job and were very accomodating. The front desk people were also very accomodating - - among other things extending our original reservation when it became necessary. The front desk people knew us by name after only a few days.We ate at Gino's East (pizza), the Corner Bakery, TGI Fridays and the hospital cafeteria which I believe is open (24) hrs./day.- - all only a block away.The Avenue is only (1) block from Michigan Avenue with all of its great stores.As you can tell, we were very happy with the Avenue - - we already have a reservation for a couple of nights in May.	
Apr 12 2009 	Steps from the Mag Mile	I made my reservation for The Avenue Hotel through priceline bidding $79.00/night for a four star hotel in downtown Chicago. The hotel only has valet parking for $49.00/night.The location of the hotel is fabulous -- 1/2 block off Michigan Avenue and within close (2 to 5 blocks) walking distance to great shopping, restaurants, and some tourist attractions such as the John Hancock Observatory.The lobby is small -- but you are greeted promptly by the doorman who arranges for valet parking as well as the person who handles baggage valet. Check in was smooth and took all of about 3-minutes. We were in our room on the 36th floor within 10-minutes of pulling up in front of the hotel.We did not eat in the restaurants or visit the Sky Bar, so I cannot comment on that, but my son did order a cheeseburger and fries from room service one night. The price was reasonable for room service in a major city, and the service was fast and food fresh.My teenage son did call me on my cell phone from the room, and the charges were outrageous. He dialed the wrong number once for $10.95, reached my voicemail once for another $10.95, and talked to me for 3-minutes for $15.00. Ouch!We asked for a room on a high floor and received it. We faced the city (not the water) and the children enjoyed the view and marveled at how high up we were (36th floor.) The room itself was medium sized and tastefully decorated in browns, beiges, and ice blue (up-to-date color scheme and furnishings.) The beds were comfortable with down comforters and pillows. There was a mini-bar ($4 for an 8 ounce Coke.) On the second night we realized that there was a 7/11 store within 2 blocks, so bought our drinks there before turning in for the night. The TV was a 32 inch flat screen, and there was a coffee maker in the room that made single cups from pods. The bathroom was a nice size and clean -- with the bowed shower rod for extra room in the shower. The hairdryer was high quality, the toilletries were sparse for three people, but I'm sure we could have asked form more.Our room was very quiet. I did not hear people in the hallway or doors slamming. It must be well insulated. The heater in our room, however, was quite noisy, and I put a pillow over my head to muffle the noise as I was falling to sleep.Overall, this was a very positive experience. The price I paid for the location and quality was a steal, and I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009	A wonderful weekend getaway experience!	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Avenue Hotel Chicago. When we checked in we asked if we could be in a room that was fairly close to our friends that came with us. They immediately accommodated our request &amp; upgraded us both to 2 suites on the 25th floor. Rooms were very elegant &amp; obviously just recently redecorated. The bed was the most comfortable bed we've slept in with great bedding &amp; great pillows!!! We walked a couple of blocks to the Water Tower Place &amp; enjoyed great shopping there as well as in the vicinity. Had breakfast a couple of mornings at the little bakery/cafe just down the street which was very convenient &amp; not too expensive. Only negative thing was the cost to park our vehicle for 3 nights - $48 per night! Ouch!!! Otherwise, a very enjoyable stay &amp; would recommend to anyone travelling to Chicago.	
Apr 2 2009 	Simply Great!	We stayed at The Avenue Hotel for 3 nights in late March and couldn't have asked for a better experience! Although our room wasn't ready when we arrived slightly before 3, the bellman stored our bags while we went out to sightsee. When we returned 45 minutes later, we were so pleased with our room on the 19th floor. In addition to the king bed, there was a leather couch, desk, plasma TV, small table with a coffeemaker and still lots of extra space including a walk-in closet! The bathroom was excellent with lots of counterspace, fantastic &quot;rain&quot; shower, and great eco-friendly products. The bed was really comfortable with great bedding. The staff was very friendly and always greeted us when we returned. Since there aren't many rooms on each floor, there wasn't much hallway noise or doors slamming. Be sure to visit the Sky Bar. The views are fantastic and Deacon the bartender makes some great martinis! We had dinner in the Elephant &amp; Castle on the first floor one night as well. The food was delicious and the beer selection was excellent.The location is terrific for shopping as well as catching buses to the museums and other parts of town. In addition, taxis were plentiful and relatively inexpensive. We chose to save a little money and did the self-park across St. Clair Ave. from the hotel. In addition, we ate breakfast at The Corner Bakery just down the street instead of eating at the hotel. The only problem was an additional charge on our bill which was immediately cleared up when I called the front desk. We will definitely stay at The Avenue Hotel the next time we are in Chicago.	
Mar 15 2009 	Awesome hotel great views great price!	We (6) stayed 2 nights at the AVE and they were great...the service was great, the employees very helpful and kind, and the rooms were amazing! the contemporary styling in the lobby, rooms, and sky lounge was very cool...the rooms were clean, huge for a big city hotel, the views from our room on the 26th floor were amazing...i absolutely loved this hotel and plan on staying at the AVE every trip i take to chicago! Highly recommend!!!	
Mar 2 2009 	Great Chicago Stay	The room was surprisingly large for a big city hotel. Immaculate marble bath. Nice large towels. Great bed, and amenities. Had lunch in the Elephant and Castle Pub at the hotel and enjoyed that. The sky top lounge was comfortable and offered spectacular views of the city. Our son had the one bedroom suite, and was worth the extra few bucks. It had a large leather sofa and separate bedroom with windows on two walls.	
Feb 26 2009 	Could be great but isn't yet	We're from Chicago, and found The Avenue on Hotwire. Had we paid the full price ($140/night, as opposed to $75/night on Hotwire), we would have been very disappointed. A lot of little things added up to make The Avenue less than the 4-star hotel that it's rated. Bathroom fixtures were loose and the shower was poor. The toilet reminded us of a public restroom stool. The baseboards, furniture and doors were scuffed and dirty. The room did a poor job of muffling the city noise, even at 25 stories. On the other hand, they do a lot of things right. The bedding was fantastic. The staff and service were quite good. The Sky Lounge was impressive, feels exclusive (in the good way) and reasonably priced. For people who want to explore the Mag Mile and the Gold Coast, you can't beat the location. We discovered that breakfast the the adjacent Elephant and Castle restaurant was exactly the same as breakfast served from room service, but at half the price. As a recent conversion from a mid-range hotel in Chicago, The Avenue is trying to be a 4-star hotel and has the potential to be a 4-star hotel, but as of this visit, it was not.	
Feb 22 2009	From now on I'll check the Avenue Hotel FIRST for rates and availability in Chicago!	My niece, her friend, and I took the Hiawatha train from Milwaukee for this one-night shopping/museum excursion to Chicago. This was our first stay at the Avenue, but I don't think it will be our last! The great location (just 1/2 block from the Magnificent Mile), coupled with the spacious, well-appointed rooms, friendly service, and handy dining options, added to our enjoyment of the MLK weekend. The views from the Sky Lounge were wonderful, and we topped off our Saturday night with martinis by the fireplace. We also enjoyed a hearty breakfast at the Elephant &amp; Castle. We made use of the iPod dock and enjoyed the sweeping city views from our junior king suite. Even with the sleeper-sofa in use, there was plenty of room to move about. We unanimously agreed that we would return to this hotel in the future without hesitation.	
Feb 19 2009 	Good location and value	Booked the hotel through Hotwire and that’s how I found the hotel actually – didn’t know of it before. Room was on the smaller side, but was changed to bigger room the second night. As with many hotels, breakfast was expensive and avoided that the following days. Best asset of this hotel it its very good location, with walking distance to Watertower and the good rate I got. Listed as 4 star and would rate that as “kind” to the property, as it is a older hotel – missed slippers in the room.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	I went to Chicago for a one day teaching symposium this past week and had originally had a reservation at the Red Roof Inn in the same part of town because it was close to where I needed to go and the price was right. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I decided to give Priceline a try. I put in what I was paying at the Red Roof, said I only wanted a 4-star hotel, and to my surprise, my price was accepted by the Avenue Hotel. Checking out its website, I was immediately excited! My short stay didn't disappoint me. I arrived around 11 pm since my train didn't arrive until 10.30 pm. Check in was quick, efficient and friendly. The receptionist asked if my conference was in the hotel. When I told her no, she got out a map and asked me where it was so that she could give me directions. That was a very nice touch. She also asked me for a wake up call. It was nice to have someone anticipate my needs so that I didn't have to get to my room and call back down, or search for directions the next morning. The room itself was on the 21st floor (Room 2101). The room is right by the service elevator, and I did hear it running occasionally. It didn't bother me, but some may find it an annoyance. I found the decore and linens to be very nice. The desk was large, which I like in a hotel, but it was a bit wobbly. The next morning, I got a wake up call on time from a real person, which I thought was a very nice touch. I loved the pod coffee maker in the room. Check out was a breeze in the room with a receipt immediately e-mailed to me. (By the way, wireless internet is free, which is great. I hate paying a lot for a hotel and then having to shell out another 10 to 15 dollars to get internet.) I would definitely return to this hotel.	
Jan 22 2009 	One of the Best Hotel Experiences I Have Ever Had	For my first trip ever to Chicago I decided to book at the Avenue Hotel mainly because of the positive reviews I found on this site. Personally I did not know what to expect because I have found that a lot of hotels in big cities often lose that personal touch but I am glad to report that after staying here The Avenue just set the bar for my hotel expectations at a whole new level. Here's the bottom line about this hotel...the rooms are just about what you would expect for a hotel in this class, but the service is what sets The Avenue apart. Because of a flight diversion I ended up at the hotel about 4 hours earlier than I had planned, but for the courteous front desk staff (Angela I believe her name was) getting me extra-early check-in was no problem at all. She even asked if I needed directions anywhere and provided me with a map. The doorman was really friendly and always greeted me when he saw me. On the final day of my stay my ride to the airport fell through and the front desk staff had no problem booking me a last-minute shuttle reservation to O'Hare. I've been to too many hotels lately where the front desk acts like they don't want to talk to you and the doorman is too busy to look your way. When I host guests at my own home I go out of my way to make them feel comfortable and that is how I feel The Avenue Hotel treated me. I would definitely stay here again when I return to Chicago and I recommend you do the same.	
Jan 21 2009 	NOT Luxury like site claims but ok	The hotel's site marked it as a 4star LUXURY hotel. It is a clean hotel but no different than a moderate chain hotel. The details and pictures are gravely decieving. The lobby is basically an office elevator corridor with podiums serving as you ck in/out. A closet literaly serves as the hotel office. There is no curb appeal or interior ambience. The rooms are old but refurbished and the beds with down alternative are a plus. I'm not sure where the 1st picture of the exercise room is but the 7th floor one could use some light, hand weights, and larger towels. It is very minimal. If you just want a decent place to sleep then book here. If you want a feeling of ahhhh from the front door to your room and for the same price keep looking. The location is good for Michigan Av activities but so are a dozen others.I wish I had chosen a different one. To me a hotel is rated LUXURY when the rooms, staff and amenities are above average. For example, when there was a problem at ck in (confirmed 2 rooms hotel only had 1 listed) the agent fixed it but she never communicated what she was doing. She just kept staring at her computer and typing. She was not a people person and I was a calm/tired customer. Frankly I don't think she knew what she was doing. After 45 minutes wait @ 10pm we got rooms. Why the wait?? I was never told but I found out. The heat was not working (-5 outside) and all 5 weary travelers had to stay in other room for 2 1/2 hours until warm enough to sleep in. The other was the bellman. I've determined that he must not need his job b/c he didn't do it. We (5) crawled out of the taxi retreived our luggage, paid the driver and got a receipt and NEVER saw the bellman. He was inside leaning against a wall. He never moved even after 3 groups ck'd in while we waited for our rooms. He did not help at ck out either. We hailed our own cabs everyday. Like I said the hotels just OK.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Hotel	Great location and great hotel. The room was a good size for a large city hotel. Comfortable bed and pillows, good coffee in room, checked in early with no problem, great views of Michigan Ave. I will stay here again and recommend to everyone.	
Jan 4 2009	Not bad not great just ok	Stayed at The Avenue from 12/30/08 through 1/3/09, and honestly I would rate this hotel as just 'ok'. It wasn't bad, but there wasn't anything special about it. We stayed on the 26th floor, and the room was clean enough and roomy enough for two. One drawback was that the hotel is right next to a hospital, so you do hear sirens all night, even being up that many stories high. Obviously not the hotel's fault, but still a minor annoyance. The beds were the best part of the room; they were super soft and we wanted to bring them home with us! Some other flaws with the room: the bathtub didn't drain, so you had to take a quick shower to avoid the tub filling up fast. And second, the hooks on the back of the bathroom doors fell right off if you put anything on them, so there was nowhere to hang clothing or towels. Actually, this bathroom had the least amount of places to put things than any hotel I've ever been in! So that's one suggestion I would make to the management staff at the hotel; a lot of people like it when the bathrooms have some small shelving or places to hang things. One good point about the staff...when we asked for something, they came with it right away. The concierge was also helpful in making calls to find us a restaurant of our liking.Other things worth mentioning: There was no mini fridge in the room, and that was $20 extra if you requested one. We would have liked to have one, but we didn't want to spend the extra money. Also, anything that you take from the snack fridge provided was $20 to replace, so that $4 pack of cookies could potentially turn pretty expensive! We found a corner store nearby to get water and snacks at a much more reasonable rate.	
Dec 16 2008 	My future home away from home	what a pleasant surprise. I was recommended to this hotel from a friend who stayed there before and decided to give them a try. I usually stay with major chain brand due to their reputatation but the Avenue hotel convince me to try more of independent hotels for my future accomodation needs. Location was unbeatable and price was more than reasonable. Product and service was superb. I usually do not write review or fill out comment cards but this time I felt obligate to share my experience. Reservation agent was very friendly and accomodating. Front desk agents and doormen greeted me like I was one of the VIP. Room was very large compare to some of the hotels in the area and everything seemed brand new. I plan on coming back to Chicago area very soon and I plan on making the Avenue hotel home away from home for me.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great hotel with great staff	I have recently stayed at the avenue hotel and wanted to thank everyone at the hotel for their great service. Also loved the fact that hotel was fully renovated and sky lounge on the top floor offered great view of the downtown. From the minute I checked in till I checked out, everyone greeted me with a smile and went above and beyond for any of my request. I also loved the great location of the hotel, which is only half block from Magnificient mile. Thank you and keep up the good work. I will definitely recommend the avenue hotel to anyone that plans on visiting chicago area and I will be back.	
Dec 12 2008	bad experience at avenue hotel-chicago	I'm living in this avenue hotel chicago right now at dec 12th 2008. this hotel has extremely bad service. I called them to bring two spoons to for my icecream so i called the house keeping to bring me two siliver spoons. A women answered the phone and said how many would you like? I said two, the women replied surprisingly &quot;only two, are you serious (ridiculous tone)?&quot; i said yes please. waited for 20 mintues and i called again for the spoons. the same women answered the phone and said &quot;wait for another 15minutes ok?&quot;. Didnt eat my icecream at the end. i said thank you to the person who delivered the spoons to me and he grunted. Other thing is the minibar are autosensored. I took a diet coke out of the minibar. After realizing its $25 i put the diet coke back in.they still charged me the $25 without even drinking it. the little note that said $25/per drink is so tiny that you would normally skip to see. Overall the room looks nice, but the lobby is bad. the photos are overrated. Strongly not recommending anyone to come here. i rather go to marriot or peninsula (just right next door).	
Nov 26 2008 	Boutique Hotel	I recently enjoyed a memorable stay at the Avenue. I arrived on a Chilly November Chicago evening and immediately warmed under the glow of their fabulous fireplace and hospitality.The location is Prime and being on a business trip, I enjoyed the ability to walk to both meetings and wonderful shopping.My large chic room was equipped with wireless connectivity, a large Imac (although I had my Laptop) and a nice size flat screen, which made working in my room a convenience. The view from my room was wonderful and the bed and linens were quite comfortable.Sammy the doorman was amazing!	
Nov 19 2008 	Stolen watch at the Avenue Hotel	The hotel is recently renovated, the staff tries to do a good job. The hotel doesn´t have safety deposit boxes in the rooms. During our stay, my wife left her running watch in one of the drawers inside a pouch. Her watch were stolen. The hotel manager said he couldn´t do anything. We are talking about $250.00 US. We paid much more for our stay. The least they could do is pretend that they care and give you a couple nights credit on your next stay.	
Nov 17 2008	Nice place to stay- Especially for Northwestern Hospital	I recently, unexpectedly needed a room near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. With no reservation, I went to the front desk in the evening and was helped by Nanaly (I think that is how it is spelled). She was very gracious and arranged a room for me at a great rate even though the hotel was very full. She was also able to extend my stay when I needed it. Even though it was a standard room, it was very large for downtown Chicago. Very quiet and perfect for what I needed. I was there for a family member in the hospital, so I didn't get to check out all of the amenities. The location can't be beat- just walk across the street to the hospital. The restaurant in the lobby was very good too- good food and fast service. I ate there several times. I would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Oct 12 2008	Good location and comfortable rooms	There is nothing particularly special about this hotel. The important things: good location, quiet, good value - all were evident in my stay. But the staff was hit or miss, from the concierge who was annoyed every time I asked him for something from a postage stamp and could not get off his personal call, to the directions to a local diner where he rushed through it and so on. The other staff, however, was friendly and accommodating, but it was still very inconsistent. (i.e., don't go the Sky Lounge near closing - the bartenders will be upset) and although the front desk agreed to a late check-out, never entered it on the computer. I liked there was never a wait for the 2 computers in the Business Center and that my cheapie room from one of the main consolidators was not too loud though still a bit loud at times since it was right next to the elevators. Still, I could not imagine paying more than the rate I got ($135). It was clean and perfectly nice - but not quite as it's been billed on their website, but the same holds true for any other hotel I'm sure. I was also surprised that the shower water pressure was weak.	
Oct 5 2008 	Loved the Avenue Hotel	This is a great hotel. I stayed for 3 nights last year when it was a Radisson. And, had to come back for 3 nights again this year. The upgrades to the hotel are wonderful. I had a corner suite on the 26th floor this year with a magnificent view of Michigan Avenue. The room had a large sitting area and bedroom. The hotel is in a great location you can walk everywhere. Verne the Avenue's concierge was a tremendous help with booking the city / river boat tour and tickets for Second City.Breakfast on the rooftop that was superb, it was very relaxing to see the skyline while eating breakfast and enjoying an espresso. Everyone was very helpful. I will definitely be back.	
Oct 1 2008 	Contemporary Ellegance	We stayed at the Avenue Chicago the weekend of Sept. 27. When we arrived, the hotel manager was in the lobby and greeted us, asking how we were. We replied that we were tired due to some delays with Amtrak. Without being asked, she offered us a larger, upgraded room for no additional charge. I was impressed that she would offer without being asked to, but found it to be a welcome upgrade. We got to our room and were pleasantly surprised. The room was decorated very contemporary and had a very nice leather couch and large desk and leather chair. The bed, a king size pillowtop, was so cushy and comfy. It was absolute heaven!! The upscale linens and feather pillows and down comforter were sublime. The bathroom was also very nicely appointed with marble countertops and travertine tiled shower. We almost didn't want to leave our room it was just that nice.Hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to any and every thing you could imagine.We will definatley stay at the Avenue again if we ever visit Chicago again. I would highly recommend it.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great stay at The Avenue.	Stayed for 5 nights in August.Great central location walking distance of shops, restaurants and tourist attractions. Clean &amp; comfortable, quite spacious. Friendly staff. Small roof-top pool.The rooms are very modern but a little dark. Did hear ambulance noise at various times during the night on a few of the nights (hospital nearby) but it didn't worry us too much as the central location and introductory prices made it worth the small inconvenience.	
Sep 21 2008 	We love Avenue Hotel Chicago!	My daughter and I went on girl’s weekend shopping trip and stayed at Avenue Hotel Chicago. We truly loved the hotel! Everyone was friendly and helpful. The location was close to fabulous shopping (American Girl Place, Disney Store, Chanel, Boss, Brooks Brothers…to name a few) and great restaurants. We decided to get a kid-friendly room and we were so pleased with it. The room was bright and comfy and we had a ball with the Wii! We are planning on returning closer to the holidays and will definitely stay at Avenue Hotel Chicago again.	
Sep 16 2008 	Nice Hotel however no extras	We came to Chicago for the Tool show at McCormick Place-how awesome that was. The hotel website talks about the views from the Sky Bar and dining there however, currently it is closed as they haven't gotten their liquor license yet. We were looking forward to going up in the evening and viewing the city lights as mentioned on the website. &quot;But there’s a lot to do – drinks and dining on the 40th floor Sky Lounge&quot; as stated on the website. (doesn't exist as of yet). Elephant and Castle Pub is wonderful, the staff, the food and the atmosphere is great-prices are reasonable as well.The staff is very friendly but if you are looking for anything extra, forget about it. They do have complimentary umbrellas for guest, but that isn't known to the guests. The manager of the pub told us that they have them and even got one for us. Also on the weekends they have a breakfast buffet available for $17.95 a person. It did look very appealing but again, Elephant and Castle have a wonderful breakfast menu for half the price. Again, there was nothing said about the buffet, we just happen to stumble upon it when we wanted to go out by the pool-rain prevented us from doing that as the doors were locked.The gym was small but very nice.. There are several options for cardio and some weight machines which are seem to be pretty new machines but no free weights. The room could be a little cooler but they have water, towels and disinfectant wipes available.The rooms were very comfortable, up to date in decor and bedding and very clean. The housekeeping staff is very courteous and they do a fabulous job. The down side of the room is that the shower heads are too high up unless of course you are 10' tall and the water pressure isn't the greatest. We had 6 people in our group, 3 rooms on 3 different floors (37th, 24th and 21st) and they all agreed on that. Vern the Concierge was very helpful and I would recommend talking to him about any activities you may want to do. He will arrange everything for you. He arranged our pickup (Limo) from and back to the airport and the cost is very reasonable as well.  Overall it was a nice experience-location is great but for the type of hotel they are trying to present, there is some work to be done.Don't miss out on going to the Signature Room at the Hancock Building-the views are fabulous!	
Sep 8 2008 	Very pleasant stay at The Avenue	We just returned from a wonderful weekend in Chicago and a very pleasant stay at The Avenue. I found a great deal at hotels.com and was a little apprehensive that I might get a less desirable room as a result. However, the very pleasant and personable young man at reception gave us a very nice room on the 31st floor and even let us check in early. I was very impressed with the size, decor and amenities and would definitely return. By the way, we like Panera Bread for breafast, and there is one on Fairbanks about five blocks away.	
Sep 7 2008	Very positive experience - I can certainly recommend this place	Avenue Hotel contributed to the positive memories I have from my first experience in Chicago. I organized in their premises a two-day business conference early Aug 2008 for 13 people. Centrally located, affordable room (Corp rate), a very engaged personnel from the concierge to the business representatives, Avenue Hotel Chicago is a great deal. Christine, the Sales &amp; Catering Manager with whom I organized my event, was available, always ready to help and find solutions. I was also impressed by the fantastic upgraded room I was granted: broad stylish room with a large bed, big flat screen TV, I-pod reader, personal coffee machine, iron board, couch and armchair…and a nice view on the skyscrapers around are just some of the features I can remember…. There is also a pool on the roof. I did not use it but went up to look at the view on the sea.In summary a Great experience. I can only recommend it. I would go back there when I have to be in Chicago.Any down side? None really. Front desk a bit confused when checking out and maybe not the quickest. As a foreigner I was just hammered by the amount of taxes: once you add the service charges, sales taxes… you come up to a 30% increase in your base price. But this is local practice. One has to adjust to it I guess….	
Sep 6 2008 	Great Room Great Location	This trip was a last minute one for us so I was looking for a hotel at a reasonable price. My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night over Labor Day weekend for my birthday. The price we paid for just the standard room was well below others that I had looked at in the area (which is a great location by the way).The entire staff was friendly and we didn't have any problems at all checking in. Checking in was very quick and easy. I booked the room directly through the hotel website. The elevators were fast, our room was neat and clean, and the view was great. We were only here for one night so we didn't get a chance to go to the pool and the Sky Lounge was open yet but the Elephant and Castle bar was amazing! They had a great beer selection and the service was quick and friendly. Best part (in our opinion) of our stay at The Avenue was going to Elephant and Castle located just by the front doors in the lobby of the hotel. The bathroom in our room was decent-sized and had a shelf by the sink for extra room which I loved because I'm not a light packer. The water pressure in the shower was just right and had some space for extra products if needed. The only thing about the bathroom was in our room the hot was cold and the cold was hot in the shower which was confusing at first. The bed was a little on the hard side but the down pillows and blankets made up for it in my mind. Overall I didn't have any complaints about this hotel! The location is very nice and the price was even better compared to some other hotels in the area. I was only disappointed that the Sky Lounge was not open yet.	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent training meeting at the Avenue	The event went wonderful at the Avenue. The attendees sent many compliments regarding the hotel, rooms, food, &amp; organization. The staff was helpful in organizing the event &amp; all of the last minute changes that took place. The location was ideal. Of course, the wonderful weather during that weekend &amp; the air show were a definite plus! In addition, we scheduled a dinner cruise on the Odyssey which was excellent. Our German colleagues were quite impressed with the fireworks display :)	
Aug 29 2008 	Nice rooms good location but that is it.	This hotel was converted from a Raddison(?) in March 2008. I stayed there in July 2008. The rooms are very nicely done, completely modern and clean. Also the location is excellent - 1/2 block off of Michigan Ave and walking distance to Hancock Center, etc. My only complaint is that other than the rooms, there is not much to this hotel. As with other older buildings in large cities, they did not have much to work with in terms of floorplan when they remodeled. The elevators are tiny, and you wait in a tiny corridor to get on them (sometimes with lots of people waiting). There is really no lobby whatsoever and the pool is the size of a postage stamp. However, if you want a good room and a good location this will fit the bill. I have stayed at other chicago hotels I liked better.	
Aug 28 2008 	Compare it to others first ...	I was impressed by the rooftop pool and the location when we booked. Upon arrival, it was a long wait to check in, and when we retrieved our bags from the storage room - the bell person gave us the wrong bag (luckily we are honest -- else someone would be out a lap top). The roof top pool was cool, but small and not really decorated at all. The room was decent, nice bedding, and clean. The &quot;business center&quot; had only 2 computers, which were busy a lot so prepare for a wait. The elevators were antiquated - but functional. If it matters to you that the front desk staff are friendly -- this is not the spot to stay. They barely said as much as hello each time we passed by.	
Aug 26 2008 	Bad Customer Services	Customer service is so bad. If you need anything for your room don't ecpect to get any help.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Location	Avenue Hotel is in a great location that's convenient for walking to restaurants and attractions. The hotel rooms are large and clean with a nice leather sofa, desk, and plasma tv. The Bed was extremely comfortable and clean with loads of nice pillows. Small indoor pool, there were a lot of screaming kids so I decided to bypass the pool. Elevators were slow, but overall this was a great place to stay and I would stay here again. The Elephant and Castle pub next door had great food, large portions, reasonably priced with lots of beer choices and great margaritas.	
Aug 23 2008 	great experience...will definitely choose again	This hotel has all the things I am looking for in Chicago hotel...great decor, fabulous location just steps away from Michigan Ave... great service. Best of all great bed/bedding...a deal breaker for me....highly recommend.	
Aug 21 2008 	Just one word: GREAT!!!!	I MUST write this review: I travel very often but this is the first time I have found an hotel like this. This is a real gem in Chicago: closed to everything, great rooms, great offers and packages, great bath amenities, gret assistance, everything GREAT!!!We will recommend this hotel to EVERYONE (business, honeymoon, vacation etc.) because we only have found surprises and precise professional assistance from the check-in, to the valet parking etc.We booked well in advance and were very lucky to use a special offer (opening package) which was only $99.00!! Our room was on 37th floor (high floor as requested) and the view was simply gorgeous. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever tried and all the bath amenities were to be tried!We will definetely stay here again!	
Aug 20 2008 	Best Hotel Experience in a While Here	I've been to Chicago eight times in the past seven years, and this hotel ranks #1 for me, tied with the much more expensive InterContinental.The fact that they upgraded the room to a corner suite for our honeymoon at no extra charge didn't hurt. The view from the 34th floor is great.The rooftop pool is nice, the Elephant Bar downstairs is lively, and the service desk has been responsive to every request we have happened to make over the past three days.The location has been great, too. A block from shopping (for the wife), and about a 5 minute walk from the loop.All in all, I'll be coming back here again.	
Aug 15 2008	Terrific Pet Friendly Hotel in Chicago	I was luckily enough to find a great, pet friendly hotel in Chicago on &quot;Bring Fido.com&quot;. I stayed at the Avenue Hotel Chicago and had a terrific experience with my bischon, Mickey.The rooms were very large so I didn't feel bad leaving Mickey. There was a great walking area right by Lake Michigan, only 2 blocks over. The hotel was convenient to everything and although they accept pets you would never know it. It was very quiet and comfortable. I would highly recommend Avenue Hotel Chicago for anyone looking for a dog friendly hotel in Chicago.	
Aug 13 2008	Great New Hotel Awesome Location!	My family (myself, husband and two kids) stayed at the Avenue for a weekend getaway. We wanted a great hotel that was right in the heart of Mag Mile and the Avenue did not disappoint! As we pulled up, the valet greeted us immediately and hustled our bags inside. The woman at the registration desk was friendly, quick and efficient. We were up in our room in no time! We had booked a regular guest room with some reservations, as there were four of us and we’ve had bad experiences with cramped downtown hotel rooms, but decided to go ahead as the Avenue claims to have extra-spacious rooms. They did not disappoint us! The room was very large, clean and impressively decorated, with a wonderful king-sized bed, sofa sleeper, desk with chair, large flat-screen television and lots of room to spread out and get comfy. They also had a docking station for my son’s iPod and free wireless Internet access, something my husband appreciated very much. We all enjoyed the rooftop pool and sundeck immensely. The views from the 40th floor were amazing! All of the staff was very friendly and helpful when asked for suggestions for other places to dine. The location could not be beat! It was literally steps to Michigan Avenue and close to many of our favorite places to visit downtown, including American Girl Place. We had a great experience with this hotel and will not hesitate to come back, whether with the kids or for an adults-only weekend.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great value and comfy beds	This hotel is in a great location and they follow that up with an outstanding stay. Good size to the rooms for having 2 queen beds in them - extremely comfortable! Nice amenities such as a one cup coffee maker and flat screen television. Elephant Bar in the hotel is great for late night fare as well as a good choice for breakfast. Close to lake, shopping and nightlife - all for the cheapest rate (at least right now) on Michigan Ave!	
Aug 10 2008 	awesome stay in Chicago	we have stayed at this hotel several times but this is the first time since it has been renamed the Avenue. The room was updated and bed was comfortable. The location of this hotel is excellent.....right on the Mile for shopping and walking. We will definitely be staying here again.	
Aug 7 2008 	Worst experience of my life	I stayed here for a 3 day conference and had nothing but problems from the moment I checked in. Twice on the first day my room key got deactivated - and it was never near a credit card or cell phone! It wasnt only me either, people in line next to me were having the same problem and the hotel staff claimed to not know of anyone else experiencing the same issue. Then it turns out the a/c wasnt working correctly in my room and all that came out was humid air. When I got back to my room it was fixed but the smoke detector was taken off the wall and was hanging down with the wires out. That night I discovered a huge swarm of bugs above the bed! The hotel staff immediately assumed I had opened the windows (which I didnt because my view was of construction) but reassigned me to another room - at 1 am. Then I bought internet service for my room with the wireless keyboard that was provided, but not a single website worked.The a/c units are also terribly noisy (no matter what temp air is coming out of them). It is so inconvinient to get to the business center and fitness center because you have to take 2 sets of elevators. I found out it used to be a radisson so maybe it explains some of it - but dont waste your time or money here!	
Jul 30 2008 	Great meeting at Avenue Hotel Chicago	Just returned from an amazing meeting in Chicago! Stayed at Avenue Hotel Chicago and was super impressed. I have stayed at a lot of Chicago boutique hotels (NYC too) but this one was different. The hotel is new! The lobby is really hip and attracted a great crowd. My room was to die for…the view of Lake Michigan amazing, impeccably clean, cute zebra print chair and zebra print robe. Didn’t get a chance to enjoy the roof top pool since I was technically there for a meeting but did get a peek. It is located on the 40th floor (more great views)! Service all around, from the doorman, girl at check in, housekeepers, room service, and meeting attendants, was superb. Avenue Hotel Chicago is a great meeting hotel. The conference room was nicely decorated and had high ceilings and lots of windows. One meeting attendant went out of his way to help me with some last minute copies. The food was delicious (the caramel apple pie was unbelievable)!The location couldn’t have been better, right across the street from Northwestern Hospital (where some of my meetings took place), a half block from Michigan Avenue and shopping, shopping, shopping! Thankfully Dunkin’ Donuts was close too, and great pizza (Gino’s East pizza). I’ve already made another reservation in September (this time with my family). The hotel has tons of suites and the rates are super reasonable. Can’t wait to bring my family to the Avenue Hotel!!!!	
Jul 27 2008 	Awesome Stay - Awesome Hotel	Our first visit to the &quot;new&quot; Avenue Hotel was far better than we could have imagined. The staff was super friendly and extremely helpful. Many of the great staff from the Radison days are still there. The rooms are freshly remodeled from when the hotel was a Radison and they are spectacular. This is definately a must try hotel if you visit downtown Chicago!!	
Jul 23 2008 	best stay of my life	the rooms were so clean, and that is a big plus in my book. i can truly say that i will stay there time and time again, your front desk staff has been upggraded very well also.	
Jul 19 2008	Couldn't have asked for a better experience!!	Wow. What a gem!First, the older reviews and pictures are of the hotel in its pre-renovation days, and are pretty irrelevant now.This hotel really impressed me. I'm a Chicago native, and hadn't heard of it before, but stumbled across their Web site while searching for a good deal. They were offering a 20% promotion for $160/night which was fantastic. Rates for other hotels in the same area were much higher; even the inferior hotels had higher rates. Here's my story...Check-in seemed long, perhaps this was due to me to checking in around 6 p.m. or them being short-staffed. I don't know...but it was worth the wait. I told the woman at the check-in desk that the room was a birthday surprise and she upgraded us from a regular King room to a corner suite!!!!!!! Now, that's service. The room itself was impeccable with:- a rain shower head;- granite countertops;- one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in;- an iPod dock (this was a really nice touch);- plasma tv- chic / modern furnishings- free WifiWe called down to housekeeping twice, one of which was for a cork screw, since we had purchased a bottle of wine to celebrate his birthday. In both instances, housekeeping delivered the items in less than 5 minutes.The lobby is sleek and attractive.The location can not be beat. We were able to walk to everything that downtown Chicago offers; restaurants, stores, Water Tower shopping (great food court on 2nd or 3rd floor - something for everyone) and there's a Walgreen's pharmacy within two blocks (super convenient for snacks and drinks). Also breakfast can be had at the nearby Corner Bakery, which is within a block or so.Parking can be challening in this busy area. I skipped the hotel parking, which was $48/ 24-hours (ouch!), and found meter parking. In summary, this is a gorgeous, modern hotel in a superb location, available at unheard of prices for North Michigan Avenue. This, to me, feels like a 4-star hotel charging 2-star prices.I would definitely stay here again, but fear that the prices will be going up soon, as others find out about this newly renovated gem.	
Jul 19 2008 	new hotel near Michigan Ave	Excellent new hotel one half block from Michigan Ave. great value too. This used to be the Radisson and has been completely remodeled.Room furnishings are really nice and modern. Free internet in the room. Great service. Do go swimming in their rooftop pool. This really cooled me off during the 4 hot Chicago summer days this month.We had a corner suite facing the Lake. The staff were very attentive.This is more of a &quot;hip&quot; hotel than a standard business hotel, but if this 52 year old CPA liked it, you will too!	
Jul 15 2008 	Luxury	I was a little sceptical at first because the hotel had formerly been a Radisson but, upon arrival my fears were put to rest. The lobby wasn't much but I wasn't sleeping there so I didn't care. Front desk clerks were friendly and helpful. We were headed to cubs game so we didn't check in till after. The room was exceptional. The bed was so comfy, linens were plush as were the towels etc. Hotel was in a great location...shopping, eateries and entertainment all close by...we never took our car out of the garage. Parking on premises is $48.00. I had a great time in Chicago!	
Jun 30 2008 	Little Disappointed	We recently stayed at The Avenue the last week in June for two nights. Before arriving, I had called the hotel to see if we could check in early as we were traveling with two younger children. They said it wouldn't be a problem. Upon arriving at the hotel at 2 p.m., we were told to come back at 3 p.m. and maybe our room would be available. We went back at 3 p.m. and stood in line until 3:20 p.m. and were then told to come back at 4 p.m. and perhaps our room would be ready (check-in is suppose to be at 3 p.m.). At 4 p.m. our room still wasn't ready and I was starting to wonder if there wasn't a problem with the room. They ended up giving us a junior suite for the same price as a room with two queen beds. While the rooms were nice and new, the staff never seemed to quite follow through. We were suppose to get chocolate covered strawberries upon our arrival and called down 3 times and kept being told they would be sent up. It got to be a joke with my husband and I. Upon our departure, there was a room service charge on our bill (probably for the strawberries we never received!). I called to have that removed and was told they would call us right back. That never happened. I will say that the housekeeping staff was great as was the doorman who always recognized us and had a smile on his face. The location is great as you're about a half block off of Michigan Avenue. We were located on the 24th floor and you do hear sirens all night long as the hotel is across the street from Northwestern Hospital .	
Jun 27 2008 	Great location 	My first impression of this hotel was surprise. I was expecting the Radisson, but it recently changed to The Avenue a month before. Pros: The decor is tres cute - in the lobby were blue chandeliers over the check in desks, modern furniture, great jazzy background music... My room was also very tastefully decorated. The bed and pillows are to die for - I never wanted to wake up! The location is just around the corner from Magnificent Mile, and is walking distance from everything (like Dunkin' Donuts and Gino's East pizza)! Employees were friendly, concierge was helpful. I didn't try the Elephant &amp; Castle Pub, but I hear it's good.Cons:Elevators are sloooow. Lobby is small, and if you want to buy any snacks or water, you have to go to another hotel or go around the corner to Walgreens on Mag Mile. Not a lot of TV channels to choose from. The iPod dock didn't work. My bathtub didn't drain, the deadbolt on my door didn't work, the toilet handle leaked when I flushed. My colleague and I were both locked out of our rooms on two different days as our keycards stopped working. My last evening there, I discovered that housekeeping didn't leave me any bath towels. Overall, my experience at the Avenue was a good one. I loved the location. Did I mention that the bed and 4 big squishy pillows are to die for? That alone made up for everything else that went wrong.	
Jun 3 2008 	Good Room Perfect Location	My wife and I spent 4 nights in the Avenue Hotel recently. It was our first visit to Chicago a truly great city. I was a bit concerned by some of the mixed reviews I saw on TripAdvisor but our experience was excellent. We had a Junior Suite on the 19th floor which was an enormous room with one of the most comfortable beds I ever slept in. Cleaning every day was first class. No uncleaned glases as an earlier reviewer found. Lovely fluffy towels. For a city centre hotel we did have a reasonable view. Location was great, just off Michigan Avenue and about 4 blocks from the lake. Perfect for a pre or post breakfast stroll. Also handy for the Wednesday night (9.30pm) fireworks at Navy Pier. Some reviewers recommended the nearby Corner Bakery for breakfast. It was ok but we found the food quality better for a few extra dollars in the Elephant &amp; Castle Pub (can be entered from the hotel lobby). The only deficiency was the absence of a fridge in the room. Staff were friendly and helpful. We will return to Chicago and will stay at The Avenue for its comfort, location and price.	
May 29 2008 	Just an "ok" hotel.	We booked this hotel using Priceline, so we didn't know, or have a choice as to where we would be staying. We stayed here when this hotel was a Radisson (I guess it has changed hands now?), so maybe the experience is better now...not sure. Anyway, the location was wonderful...just off of the Magnificent Mile and near many, many restaurants. However, we found the staff to be very unfriendly and not helpful at all when we asked questions about area attractions. Also, when we arrived in our room we heard EXTREMELY loud construction noise that was so horrible that we called the front desk to ask for a room change. We were upgraded to a nicer room...same noise though. Luckily, the construction stopped because we were there over the weekend and they weren't working. I'm glad we weren't there during the week...I would have gone crazy!Overall, this hotel was just &quot;ok&quot;...we will try out a different place the next time that we visit Chicago.	
May 28 2008 	Lovely Hotel in Great Location	My experience at this hotel was very positive. It was obvious that the hotel had just been remodeled. The lobby was very mid-century modernist (think Barcelona chairs…) with a cool fireplace. The reception area was very unusually laid out. My room was wonderful. The furniture was very metro-chic with lovely dark woods and a flat screen TV. I loved the bedding and the bathroom was very nice (granite and modern cabinetry). The view from my room was impressive. We had a north facing room so our view took in the sunset (at an angle) and the lake (the other angle) with some of the lovely skyscrapers as the focal point. I stayed three days and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The room was very clean and fresh every day. I have to admit I was concerned about the uncertainty of the new hotel ownership but it really turned out to be a very nice hotel.The location is prime. The Avenue Hotel is just steps from Michigan Ave (Mag Mile) and is not far from the Water Tower. This is my favorite part of Chicago to stay in so I was extremely pleased with the quality and location of this hotel. I will stay there again.	
May 23 2008 	Stay Away From This One- Worst Customer ServiceRipoff	Don't be fooled by the looks of this hotel. Outwardly it may seem nice but once you stay here you will be surprised at how substandard this hotel is. There are also not many channels-just the basic ones. Cable channels are charged a lot. When we got there, we just realized that we don't have a fridge nor a bar and because we were too thirsty from a long flight we had to ask for room service but that didn't happen either because the front desk said room service is not available. When we complained about the lack of fridge nor drinks in the room, Julio the manager said that they charge $25 a night and that it's not part of their amenities. I mean even Super 8 motel has a fridge!!This hotel is so backwards!!! I said is it because you guys are a new hotel that you don't have a fridge and they said they will never have a fridge as part of their amenities!! When I started complaining about it, he said there's nothing he can do because I booked it on priceline!!!! I think every customer deserves to be treated with topnotch customer service no matter where they booked the hotel. I said that this will be a bad review on Julio's customer service and on the hotels substandard features on tripadvisor and he said that I can go ahead and give him a bad review because there's nothing he can do about it without even offering a solution to us!!! I think if you talked to a manager and manager can't do anything, then I think this hotel is such a hopeless case. You should save your dollar and find yourself a great hotel that will make your stay in the beautiful downtown Chicago memorable and this hotel will just make your stay miserable.	
May 18 2008 	nice just missing a few details	Stayed at this hotel recently for a few days.Everything apparently has just been redone which is nice.Staring from the time I checked in, the bellman was very nice, and brought to the check-in area(more on that later) The lady checking me in was very nice(Russian)but a bit of a language barrier once in a while.Went up the room, very large and nicely clean and appointed, bathroom a bit small, but it was fine. My only complaint with the room was no safe and no mini bar(but was told that will come soon) Went back downstairs to ask about restaurants and was directed to a very knowledgeable concierge. He sent us to a great Italian restaurant just down the street one night and a great brunch place as well. The doorman was also very good.While in the lobby, aside from the strange front desk set up (four little areas, perhaps it is temporary) the lobby was rather sterile. Leather chairs and sofas, but no flowers or plants. Lots of windows, but no coverings.Oh, it was raining a bit and they were always out of umbrellas. I picked one up at Walgreen's down the street, but it wold have been nice to have one before I got wet.No problems with checkout.So, maybe they still have some work to do, then I wiill be back.	
May 16 2008 	Enjoyed the stay!	This hotel was wonderful! The beds were so comfortable with the down comforter and comfy pillows. There was an ihome where you could connect your ipod for music, a flat screen TV with many channels, and updated appliances. Convenient location and the room was BIG. Planning on staying at the Avenue time and time again!	
May 13 2008 	I should have spent more money on a nicer hotel!!	What kind of hotel doesn't have a fridge or microwave in the room? My wife was here with work so my daughter(2yr) and I came to just get away. Room service wanted $7.00 for cereal!!! luckily there was a Walgreen's just around the corner so we bought our own but with no fridge we also had to buy a cooler to keep her milk in. The &quot;pool&quot; area is about the size of 2 rooms or so very small. The sign said closed for the season, however the construction guys renovating the top floor says it has more to do with that. Now for the good points, location is great, bellhop doorman whatever the title was very helpful getting our stuff and taking care of getting our car parked which was another pain in my wallet $48.00 a night holy cow!! They do have hdtv's in the rooms but are running analog signal so it looks like crap, but I brought my dvd player and a bunch of movies so it could be worse.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great new addition to Magnificent Mile	The Avenue Hotel is a new(ish) hotel just off Michigan Avenue/Magnificent Mile. It was formerly a Radisson Hotel and I'm unclear on whether it's simply being rebranded -- and remaining part of the Radisson group -- or whether it's an entirely new botique hotel. Regardless, despite the hotel not being entirely finished yet, I had a very positive experience.Another hotel lost my reservation (despite my confirmation number with the right number of letters and digits) and Chicago is very expensive, particularly at the last minute -- even for a business trip. I stumbled on to the website for The Avenue Hotel. And they were offering grand opening specials of $99/night -- unheard of in Chicago! I checked and even their rates after the grand opening are more reasonable than the competition.The hotel is just east of Michigan Avenue on Huron, in the center of all the shopping, adjacent to Northerwestern Hospital, and a 5-10 minute walk from the Red Line subway. The location couldn't be any better.The lobby is still under construction, but I liked what I saw. The bellhops are friendly and helpful. The check-in desk is a weird arrangement with individual desks for three or four work stations -- not the most sensible arrangement and the front desk staff seemed a bit confused, albeit helpful.The lobby also includes an Elephant and Castle British pub, which is a chain with a few locations in Chicago -- and has good food and drink. The hotel has room service, which I didn't try, and will eventually have a restaurant/bar on the top floor.The elevator area was still a bit messy when I was there -- construction was on-going and the elevators haven't been renovated yet (and the hallways didn't appear renovated either) -- but it's not bad -- and certainly not bad for the price I got my room.I booked a standard king size room and was very pleased. My room had been renovated and was very attractive with a great bed. The room was very large, with ample workspace and a seating area, a nice HD flatscreen TV, and a huge desk -- with more than acceptable free wireless internet.My view was expansive -- I looked north from the 27th floor and could see large parts of the Magnificent Mile -- and by craning my neck I could see from Lake Michigan to the Chicago River.The bathroom was a bit on the small size, but still quite nice.At the rate I paid -- or anything close to it -- this hotel is an insane bargain. But even at twice the price, which is less than the going rate for comparable hotels in the area, this is a fine hotel in a great location -- that will only get better when the construction is over.My only warning is that there are several new buildings being constructed in the area, including the new Children's Hospital. While my room was silent I heard two guests complain about the nearby construction (again, the hotel construction doesn't seem to be an issue at all since the rooms are finished. The front desk told the complaining guest that the city requires all work to be done by 3:30 p.m. -- so nearby building construction shouldn't be a problem.Again -- I was very pleased with my stay, and for now, this hotel is a gigantic bargain.	
Sep 9 2009 	tres bien		
Aug 8 2008 	Wirklich empfehlenswert		
