Nov 23 2009 	"W" for "Without" Service	Total Disapointment. I've statyed at the San Diego, New York, and the Atlanta location--all good!The W-Chicago has small and older rooms with a with half way attempt from the hotel to make them look modern. Total lack of customer service, with a &quot;don't&quot; care attitude. They made it seems like we were botherig them. There were no resolution to any request. They totally screwed up our invoice. The lobby and the lounge were &quot;dead&quot; on a weekend!! I can now understand why. Take your money else where and stay!	
Nov 18 2009 	Just OK	I spent one night at the W City Center on business, and wasn't all that impressed. The hotel is very chic and hip, but the room is VERY small. The bathroom, in particular, was difficult to maneuver in due to how small it was. The bed was very comfortable, and the TV was nice, along with all of the power plugs / TV inputs available right there on the wall. The room was also VERY sparsely decorated, I know it's supposed to be hip, but the way they did it just seemed cold.Noise was a small issue, as there was construction down on the street (no the W's fault) and the train could be heard passing by as well. Not extreme, but somewhat annoying in the morning. The location was great and access to everything I needed was there, but overall for the money I'd stay somewhere else.	
Nov 15 2009 	Tiny nickel and dimed us at every turn	This was the worst hotel I've stayed in for a very long time. I imagine this is what it would feel like if ikea decorated a hotel room--a room in a tiny space lab! The rooms were so small and the amenities were next to none--they didn't even provide local magazines, just more advertising brochures for the W. It was very uncomfortable--you could barely even use the toilet. The bed was comfortable but that was pretty much the full size of the room. The view was non-existent and the walls were so thin you could hear very clearly into other rooms. The only thing worse than the room was the service. We asked for a nearby breakfast place and the concierge just pointed us to starbucks. When we couldn't find ice and called down for help, they were so snobby saying there's ice on every floor--turns out it was in a locked, unmarked room! When we tried out the bar downstairs, the bartender was very unfriendly and the overall space was small and dark. The room service more than doubled the price of the items which were already inflated - $40 for a chicken sandwich! The area at night is pretty dead. I highly recommend you pass on this one - definitely NOT one of starwood's strongest showings ...	
Nov 11 2009 	Chic sexy oasis	I loved this hotel -- it really was much nicer than your typical business class hotel -- had a lot more pizzazz and chic to it. Very comfortable room and spacious bathroom. The concierge was incredibly helpful in getting us a reservation at a terrific restaurant on short notice -- he must've made half a dozen calls.	
Oct 31 2009 	Convenient and chic	We stayed at this hotel because it was close to the location of business meetings, but I would stay here again even if I didn't need to be in this neighborhood. As an early riser I appreciated the nearby choices that opened early for morning coffee runs (Dunkin Donuts, McDonalds, and some other cafes very closeby). The staff were friendly and helpful and acted as though they genuinely appreciated our business. The room was clean, comfortable and quiet enough for a good night's sleep. And I love that they use bliss bath products!	
Oct 28 2009 	it was cozy	When we checked in &quot;COZY&quot; is how the receptionist described our room. We got into chicago mid morning, and luckily for us our room was ready. I booked this room on hotwire.com. The hotel is located in the loop which is what i wanted. Some of the rooms actually face the track of the &quot;L&quot;, a co-worker suggested asking about this at check in, because he had trouble sleeping. Also rooms 1014-1017 face the elevators, i think we had room 1014. Anyway back to the coziness of this room. The room,i was told was just under 200 square feet, 192 to be exact!!! In all reality it was enough for two people for one night. There was a king sized bed, a little night stand, a small desk and a flat screen TV hanging off the wall. There was a nice clock/radio with ipod dock, which we didn't use. On the desk there was a cordless phone, another one on the nightstand, and internet connections, at a charge. The receptionist did mention this at check in, internet in the room would cost us, but in the lobby there was free wi-fi. Some of the channels on the TV appeared to be in Hi-Def and some didn't. The bathroom as to be expected was extremely small, but it was enough. The shower had great water pressure actually, something most hotels lack. There was a window that opened up into the center of the building, you had a view of the rooms across the way. Not real exciting. The lobby was very interestingly decorated, dim and lots of colored lights, i felt like i was walking into a club instead of a hotel. Despite the fact that the room was small it still meet all the expectations, it had a bed, tv, and a good shower, and it was clean.	
Oct 21 2009 	Gorgeous Room - Next to the Tracks	This is a lovely hotel that is the embodiment of the W brand - chic, hip, trendy, but yet corporate. I am not chic, hip or trendy but I generally try to stay at Starwood hotels and this one was just 4 blocks from the office I was visiting. My room was huge and well appointed. Unlike other reviewers' experience, my bathroom was very large and I had plenty of space.However, the entire experience was marred by the fact that my room (17th floor) must have literally been adjacent to the railroad tracks, because every 3-5 minutes a train rolled by, making a noise that was indescribably painful. I did not sleep 3 winks. In the morning, I called the hotel and they moved me. Moral of the story: If you stay there, be sure to tell them you want a room away from the tracks.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nothing wrong with this place	I stayed at the W for one night recently, after not having stayed there for about six years. The rooms are admittedly small, but the hotel was clean and quiet, and well-located for my office building (Sears/Willis tower). The price was reasonable. If I were coming to Chicago for leisure and paying on my own, I would probably stay near the Magnificent Mile as the hotels are better located (more things to do in the evening). After 6pm, nothing is open near this hotel.The &quot;business center&quot; was incredibly expensive and not used (because of the high prices). Overall, no major complaints.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Location for Marathon Weekend	Recently stayed at the W for the Chicago Marathon weekend. I was concerned given a number of the poor reviews that the hotel got on the TA website. I normally do not write reviews but felt compelled to do so this time so I could put my two cents in about the hotel. I found the hotel to be classy establishment. The room was immaculately cleaned every day by housekeeping. The flat panel tv was a nice touch and the bed very comfortable. One does notice the El outside but it did not bother me at night. I enjoyed the chic lobby and we had drinks Friday night at the bar upstairs. The bar in the lobby was bustling on Friday and there was a good energy to the hotel that night. I was pleasantly surprised by the helpful staff at the desks and at the doors. I would definitely come back to the W. The location is great.	
Oct 13 2009 	Never ever again...	To start off, I'm in 25-30 yrs old age group, traveled in Europe, US, Canada, Russia. Terrible, terrible experience with the W - City Center in Chicago! Ridiculous price for crap rooms/service. Feeling of the old building with new paint splashed all over stayed through out the stay. Tiny, little, (other words describing the size go here) rooms make you feel swashed. Mats that say &quot;good morning&quot; and &quot;good evening&quot; depending of the time of the day - the only positive thing I recall. Rude, young bar attender. Room service overpriced for the food and style it is served. On the cc statement found valet parking fee that never happened. The day before departure, during the day cleaning crew broke the shower shelve, maintenance was in at around 9:00pm. Booked and had to stay at that place 4 days - terrible experience.	
Oct 10 2009 	Would stay again	My husband and I were in Chicago to see a Springsteen concert and just needed a place to sleep so we let Hotwire pick the hotel for this trip. Overall, we were pleased with the W City Center. The service was great and everyone we talked to was very helpful and friendly. The decor was chic and fun with lots of hipsters milling about the lobby. It was clean in the public areas as well as the room. The holograms lining the elevators could induce seizures, but they are interesting if you don't stare at them too long. My only complaint about the hotel was the size of our room. Unfortunately, the margaritas I had at Frontera Grill hadn't worn off before I went to bed so I never did figure out how to shut off the lights around the perimeter of the platform bed. I felt like I was spending the week-end in a tanning booth. One of the best surprises at the hotel was the Acura Experience. They offer a FREE car service to anywhere within a 5 mile radius of the hotel so we were thrilled not to call a cab to get us to the concert. The location of the hotel is great for tourist-y things, although it is not in the happenin' nightlife area. It is a only a couple blocks to the EL and the train so getting to and from the airport is very easy. The parking rate per night was $51 which would be a waste considering all the transportation options available. We would definitely stay here again, but certainly wouldn't pay rack rate.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location Nice Accommodation	Great Location (in the Loop) and close to the elevated train station stop. Rooms are a bit small but have a very chic decor (the whole hotel has that decor theme - trendy lounge!).Price was reasonable. BUT WATCH OUT for the hidden charges they tack on to your final bill. I was charged for Room services (mini bar items that i never touched). I guess it was their way of getting back at me for using an external discount website ( similar to price line) to book the room which saved me about 50% of the regular room rate!	
Oct 8 2009 	Sometimes good things come in small packages...but not this time.	I'm going to start this review by saying I am not a hip 20-something clubgoer. So I'm probably not part of the W's target demographics. I was glad I was with a colleague who was familiar with the hotel because I would have had a very difficult time finding the reception desk (tucked in a dark corner in the back), and would have been extremely intimidated by the ultra-hip people swilling colorful martinis on low white-leather-upholstered couches between the door and the reception desk. Room was very small but fairly comfortable with lovely linens on the bed. Bathroom was dirty when I arrived - dirty glasses in the sink, towels on the floor - yuck. I called down to the front desk and they promised to send the &quot;Style Department&quot; up to fix the situation while I was at dinner (which they did). The bath amenities are top-rate but the sink was so small I literally had to put my toiletries in the bedroom on the dresser because there was no room in the bathroom. I only got a newspaper the first day of three which didn't bother me that much, but it showed a lack of attention to detail. The room I had was on the front of the hotel on the opposite end from the El and the train noise did not bother me a bit.It is a renovated older hotel and has the low ceilings and narrow, twisting hallways you'd associate with an old hotel. My colleague had a room with no closet. Seriously. This is a strange place and rather than relaxing me, the hepped-up feel was stressful and disorienting. Wouldn't recommend it except for sylistas who want to see and be seen.	
Oct 8 2009 	Chick Hotel in the Heart of Chicago	We had an amazing time at this hotel. When you first walk in you're blown away by the trendy and sleek decor, it's kind of like walking into an upscale lounge. You can tell that 3/4s of the people in the lobby/lounge are not staying at the hotel but just having some drinks and enjoying the atmosphere. We were immediately asked if we would like to be upgraded to a larger room, which of course we obliged to. The room was nice and very crisp feeling. I took advantage of the fitness center every morning, which was clean and equipped with personal tvs, head phone, ipod docks and fruit. We also took advantage of the hotel's free Acura experience, which saved us a few taxi fares. Overall, this was a great experience and we would love to visit again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Couldn't have been happier!	I recently stayed at this hotel for a wedding that I was a part of. I was a bit nervous as I was traveling with my 13 month old twin daughters and I didn't think that this was the type of hotel that we should be staying at with them. Upon check in we were immediately greeted and cared for like we were their only guests. I cannot tell you how polite and helpful the staff was. Their motto of &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; is truly not lost on any of the team members. The hotel was very clean and cared for. I can't thank them enough for making my stressful trip into a leisure stay. Good work!	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice but it was a free night...different opinion if I paid	Let me set up the scene for this conference trip. 4 hotels, 4 nights. Everything that could cause hotels to be booked (U2 concert) was going on in Chicago...and several idiot wedding parties here at the hotel mid September. Our night at the W City Center was a Sunday. This area of town is DEAD after dark, and almost uncomfortably so when walking about. There was very little to do, so we went out on the town.A little back story: I have stayed in countless W Hotels. I have gotten past the wannabees and glamouratti set, the sex dungeon and Abercrombie store decors, and I just like the general service level at the W. So continuing on, the hotel graciously upgraded us to a Spectacular SMOKING room 1904, which was nice. The room was big enough and had enough windows to be acceptable for smoking. I would not have paid the rack rate of $429 for this Ikea furnish spartan room, but it was great for free. The room was spacious and comfortable. The beds were standard W fare. The Whenever/Whatever accommodated some odd requests we had, although one of my friends was mildly offended that he kept being referred to as ma'am on the phone.The lobby is a beautiful beaux arte building with the W style. The bar was small...I mean small. The champagne still tasted the same, but there wasn't even nightlife in the lobby...which is my usual quip with W, but this place was at 100% and still dead. Everyone leaves the hotel, as there isn't anything around...well at McDonalds and the ever present Charbucks on the street corner. My big complaint, lame as it is, HBO wouldn't come on, and we wanted to watch the season finale of True Blood.We used the heck out of the Acura Experience! It is free up to 3 miles for hotel guests, I would recommend tipping the drivers. Arthur was super.Likes: big room, SMOKING big room, better lobby coffee than Charbucks (if it is from there, don't tell me), Acura experience, and the staff.Dislikes: I would have found things to complain about for rack price, location, location, and the out of place guests that should have been at the HoJo (not the hotel's fault), paying for INTERNET	
Sep 28 2009 	we will be back!!!	My wife and I,went here for a romantic get away...I choose this W for my wife and to my surprise...This was a very nice and updated hotel that we both feel in love with!We ate dinner once and breakfast once and both times and the meals are awesome!The rooms are small but very very nice. with upgraded t.v. bed and other things makes this hotel very nice. The gym is a &quot;3&quot; from 1 to 10 This hotel is close to the MONROE Train/subway station 2 blocks to be exact. So remember to take the &quot;L&quot; train from O'hare for 2.25$ per person get off on MONROE and walk 2 blocks and ur there:)Over all we loved the location the people and the city........I hope you have a wonderful time as we did! Thanks	
Sep 20 2009 	What a Joke! One of the Worst Hotels in Chicago!	A bunch of wanna-be trendees in a plastic hotel that is impossible to cover up small rooms with incredibly small bathrooms with Ikea furniture and plastic over-priced everything else. We were part of a wedding party that had a large block of rooms - the comments above reflect not only the consensus of our group, but also that of another wedding party for the same night. The sentiment was universally held by 20-somethings to 60-somethings. The price of the rooms was exorbitant and the value was ridiculous. We stayed at the Knickerbocker earlier in the week on the North end of Michigan Av for half the price; double the room size; exemplary concierge service and great location. We've been in a dozen other Chicago hotels in the loop, michigan av, oakbrook, and lincoln park areas... all significantly better!	
Sep 15 2009 	Nothing great	- Rooms are small- Bedding not very clean (lots of hair and stains)- Location is horrible if you like to explore (the area is dead at night)The topper was that the hotel had no water at 7am on a Monday morning. The front desk said that a pipe burst and water was cut off to all rooms. Stuff happens, but I would have expected the hotel to care more.	
Sep 15 2009 	No running water no apologies!	The good: location (for my meeting)The bad: tiny room, no coffee maker (expect one in a $250 room!), had to travel 3 floors to find a working icemaker, took 10 minutes to check in, room offered a bottle of water for the low low price of $8! (COME on. They also offered an $8 bottle of wine for $58.)The truly lousy: I awoke to no running water in the room! I called to the front desk and got only a &quot;Yeah, they're working on it.&quot; No prognosis or ETA for repairs, seemed kind of surprised that I wasn't just accepting &quot;they're working on it&quot; as an answer. Kept pressing and finally got a &quot;we can give you a pass for the fitness center a block away.&quot; KEPT pressing and finally got a &quot;MAYBE we can give you a key to a vacant room that has water.&quot; You mean the hotel has water? Then why on earth didn't you offer this to start with?Eventually I got a shower though had to go to another floor to do so. Was late to my meeting. And grumpy. And no one ever did say &quot;sorry for the inconvenience.&quot;Do yourself a favor and skip this hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Tiny and extras are expensive	The hotel is just fine for a business stay - it is moderately clean (see below) and the staff do seem to care about your stay.Nonetheless something is wrong when you can't open the toilet seat because the toilet paper roll is in the way. I had to take the toilet paper out in order to open and close the toilet lid. When I am traveling on business I do not need a lot of space but this is too much. The other complaint is that the halls and sometimes the rooms smell of dirty vacuum cleaners. Otherwise things seemed clean.Finally, I have found that between room service, the hotel restaurant, wifi, etc. that the price can jack up pretty quickly from the base rate. These amenities are not inexpensive and I wish I had just booked a place that had a higher base rate but wasn't as pricey in the end.	
Aug 24 2009 	Nothing to write home about	This was our first stay at a W hotel and we chose it primarily because we got a great deal on the room for our quick weekend visit to Chicago. The 'L' is right around the corner making the trip from Midway airport directly to the hotel very easy and also makes getting around Chicago pretty convenient. Our room was newly renovated, trendy but small and resembled a &quot;what to do with a 250sqft apartment&quot; display at Ikea. The bathroom and majority of the room were very clean but there was a really dirty ottoman which was off putting. We were happy to find that you can check in for your flight and print your boarding passes in the lobby for free but unfortunately we couldn't remember our confirmation number to do that and getting on the internet so that we could find it costs $6.95 for 15 minutes in the business lounge. I don't think it's somewhere I'd want to be if I were staying longer than a night or 2 but it worked for what we needed.	
Aug 21 2009 	Very un-W hotel with extremely bad service.	I always think that any service oriented entity should be measured by how they respond to things that are out of their control - and today that happened and in my mind W - City center COMPLETELY FAILED. W -City center had pipeline disruption this morning at 8 AM. I was trying to get to shower around that time - couldnt. Waited for 10 minutes - called Front desk - they gave me an ETA of 9:15 am. 10 AM goes by - still no water - and no-one bothered to call me and tell mea) What is going on?b) Any other options available?So I call at 10 AM - still the same story - no apologies, no suggestions for any alternatives.I wait for an hour - call at 11 AM - Same story again. I had to cancel out of my meeting that was scheduled at 1 PM - came down to the hotel at 12 noon to check out - the receptionist asks me boldly how my stay was. I told her that it has been horrible since AM and then she offers a coupon for taking a shower in a nearby Gym. Nice!. First of all, I wish the W gave me this option 3 hours ago . Second, still the total non-apologetic tone of the receptionist - put me off. I travel to Chitown quite a bit -but this hotel is OFF my list. I would rather stay in Westin River North - which is a much better place and the rooms are bigger than W as well.	
Aug 20 2009 	Disappointing	My husband took me to Chicago for our 1 year Wedding Anniversary and we stayed at the W. First impressions upon check-in were UNimpressive. The lobby is quite large but the actual check-in area is small, dark and cramped and there are individuals who clearly speak english as a second language standing behind kiosks to greet you. Our room was small and so modern it was cold and uninviting. Their choices for decor after the remodel look cheap. We were so tired from walking around Chicago one night we decided to try out the restaurant downstairs, &quot;we&quot;, and were even more unimpressed. There were only 2 other couples in the restaurant which should have been a huge sign to us, but we decided to sit down anyway. The waiter was unattentive and kept forgetting things, including on 2 separate occasions a drink order and the side we ordered with our meal. When the side was finally delivered, 10 minutes later, it was cold and in a tiny dish (and they wanted $8 for it). Then he charged our credit card the wrong amount - twice. Overall a very disappointing dinner. We asked for late check out the day we were leaving - a Monday when the hotel was a ghost town - and were told the W only offers that services for Platinum members and we would need to pay another $75 additional to have late check out. We were glad to get back home after a very stressful trip and noticed we were charged a full $556.17 TWICE and it had already posted to our account. When I called to speak to the Accounting Department at 8:27am they told me to call back at 9:30 to give them time to get settled in since they just opened and then they could handle my issue. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! I will never stay another W Hotel. They are WAY overrated and under deliver in all areas. On another note - Chicago was a wonderful city and we had some delicious dinners (David Burke Steakhouse, the Italian Village, Gino's East (deep dish pizza) and Portillo's) but we will never stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Hotel- Fun Stay	We stayed at the W City Center from 8/13-8/16 in a regular room. I know the reviews for this hotel go back and forth- I went back and forth as well when deciding on the hotel. They had a summer promotion where I paid for two nights and got the 3rd night free, so we jumped on it. I'm glad we did.First of all, everyone else is correct, the rooms are very small. It really wouldn't work with kids at all. The bed takes up the majority of the room, but it is very comfortable and cozy. Everything in the room (bottled water, snacks, etc) is hugely overpriced, so we didn't use any of that. Room service was high as well. However, the hotel was very quiet and very calm once you got upstairs.The crowd downstairs seemed like it could be a bit snotty- after getting back the hotel exhausted from a concert and grabbing food from McDonald's (the only thing open anywhere close to our hotel), we did receive a few death glares from some of the nicer dressed patrons. Once you hit the elevators though, (yes, with revolving Good Morning, Good Afternoon, Good Evening floor mats), the hallways and rooms were immaculate and quiet.I would highly recommend this hotel for singles or couples, and its location was very convenient for everything we wanted to see. Comfy, calm rooms, sleek modern design, and a great and helpful staff. We also used the Acura car service, which didn't start until 1:00 PM, but had a great driver and no problems getting a ride.	
Aug 16 2009 	Disappointing First Time Stay at W Hotel	My wife and I had looked forward to our stay at the W Hotel on Adams Avenue in Chicago. Although the hotel's location was hard to beat, the hotel itself seemed dull and drab. It was more like an industrial building that had quickly and cheaply been converted to hotel quarters. The lobby was very hard to navigate to get to the elevators. The wallpaper in the elevators was a psychedelic style that left us dazed and confused. The room itself was decorated in a &quot;post industrial style.&quot; Room windows looked into an office building with office workers looking back at us. Employees were friendly and helpful - no complaints there. The lobby and lounge areas seemed to cater more to a swingers crowd. This hotel did not suit our tastes in any manner. In conclusion, we'll not stay at another W Hotel.	
Aug 15 2009 	Adequate Hotel for Business Travelers but not for Vacationers	I’m a Starwood card member and anytime I travel for business I prefer to stay at one of the properties. The W Hotel is my favorite Starwood brand, so when I traveled to Chicago for Lollapalooza, I booked five nights at the W Hotel City Center ( got a decent rate using my AAA card). The hotel lobby is beautiful on the inside. It reminded me of being in an exclusive hotel in NYC. The aesthetic of the outside of the building blends in perfectly with downtown. I booked this hotel because it’s walking distance to Grant Park where Lollapalooza was being held. Very convenient location but the area is dead on the weekends. I ordered room service alot due to the lack of restaurants being open. The gym (SWEAT) was okay but not fancy. Unfortunately the property has no pool so if you want to beat the Chicago heat during the summer and you are brand loyal, book the W Hotel Lakeshore. Room service was quick and the staff was helpful. I asked an attendant at the front door where I could find the nearest Harold’s restaurant and he directed me to nearest location promptly.My room was on the 11th floor. Make sure to request a room that faces the front of the building or you’ll be facing the back, which faces another building (no sunlight). I had a wonderful room, which was nice. There are a lot of light switches for the minimal amount of light they produce – the light under the bed was kinda cool! My only major complaint was the noise from the room next to mine ( thin walls) and the activities in the hallway (cleaning staff seemed to slam doors non-stop).	
Aug 10 2009 	Good but with a few warnings	Great location; staff is very friendly and helpful. Beds are comfy, large plasma TV... Like all W hotels: stylish and very busy. The lobby entrance is actually the middle of the bar lounge area; so if you are unlucky enough like myself to arrive when this is packed (as often it is) its an obstacle course with your luggage in tow trying to get to the Front Desk and elevators. As a Starwood Gold member and it alwayshappens that the W &quot;upgrades&quot; are a joke, (in my experience, particular at W's as opposed to ttheir other propert.ies actually do provide upgrades that are more than the standard room). The front desk told me they upgraded me to a one of their best rooms: well it was right across the elevators (never good) and the room was TINY; where even the bathroom marble sink counter was cut slightly to allow for the door to open/close! Almost have to walk in sideways in the bathroom. Room itself was bigger, but marginally, the closet was in the wall of the bathroom which again is questionable if it was the width a normal door. Gym is a glorified hallway; equipment limited but have a huge empty space (2/3 of the actual gym area) with a couch and tiled floor. Looks nice but not very useful in a gym; especially with only 1 x mat provided. So great location, comfy and stylish, popular bar but check on your room size.	
Aug 6 2009 	Hip hotel Great location Swanky lounge	Stayed at this hotel with my husband during a weekend visit to Chicago. I travel a ton for business, and stay at a lot of Marriotts and Westins, but am not usually at W hotels. I was pleased with the service (I was upgraded upon checking in to a larger suite), and while I am a Starwood member and was using points for the room, that was a nice surprise.The room was really clean and had some nice touches, including a canvas shoe storage hanger in the closet, Bliss bath and body works, and an iPod connector.My only complaint was that I got charged $100 for the room and $10 for the mini bar, and had to call the accounting department to get those charges removed. I shouldn't have been charged for the room since I was using Starwood points and while I looked in the mini bar, I didn't use anything from it! However, I am not going to 'ding' the hotel for this as they promptly resolved my charges with one phone call.	
Aug 5 2009 	Funky Hotel Central Location Cool Vibe...Had a Great Stay!!!	This W Hotel is newly renovated. From the moment you walk into the lobby or &quot;Living Room&quot; you know this not your typical American hotel. In keeping with the W Hotel chain approach, this hotel is very funky. The Living Room had a cool nightclub/lounge vibe going, the staff were extremely helpful, and the rooms were impeccable. My only complaint is the WiFi should be in the room rate. WiFI is available in the Living Room free, but the charge for in-room is a rip-off, for a hotel at these rates!Located in the Loop, near the former Sears Tower, it was Central to pretty much everything. Less than a 15 minute walk to the Mag Mile, and close to El.I would stay here again, no questions asked.	
Jul 26 2009	Swanky sexy and hip hotel!	Went to Chicago for the weekend, first visit. The hotel is very trendy and cool and loved it from the moment I walked in. I had read some of the reviews and was worried what the room was going to be like as I’m not a fan of Ikea!!! all I can say is the folk that wrote that obviously are old fashioned or I guess you are used to staying in 10k or more hotel room, but then for $150 I was well impressed. I was upgraded with my SPG plat status to a larger room and felt completely at home (and no I don’t shop in Ikea!) It was very modern, had fantastic 42+inc HD tv on the wall, plenty of room. The bed was pretty good too! The hotel was in a good location, right by Willis Tower (formally Sears) and a short 10 mins from Michigan. Staff were really friendly and helpful. In the mornings there was complimentary coffee in the bar, the only minus point on hotel is there wasn’t a business lounge. I would definite recommend this hotel, it was one of the nicer hotels I’ve stayed in, and I’ve been about a fair bit!	
Jul 24 2009 	Best pet-friendly hotel in Chicago!	I relocated from the Western New York to the Minneapolis late last year, and Chicago was my logical overnight stop. I wasn't travelling alone, I had my 100+ lb. German Shepherd K-9 and two cats in the vehicle with me.I called several supposedly &quot;pet friendly&quot; hotels, (Hilton among others), and while they claimed to serve travelers with pets, they had restrictions as to how large the dog could be. Each time I explained that the dog I was travelling with weighed over 100 lbs., I was told that they couldn't accommodate me, as they restricted dogs to 25 lbs. or less. The fact that the dog in question is an impeccably trained and housebroken military K-9 made no difference whatsoever.Just as I was about to give up, and resign myself to either driving straight through, or pulling over at a rest stop and sleeping in my SUV, I made one final call to the W City Center Chicago and told them the size of the dog in question.Even though W has a size restriction as well, they were quite willing to accept the dog as a guest as well, and on my arrival, I was greeted by two members of the bell staff who assisted in unloading my necessary baggage, including two somewhat annoyed cats who had just spent 12 hours in travel carriers.The front desk staff expedited my check in, and when I arrived in my room, I was greeted by a welcoming note from the management staff, and a complimentary bottle of red wine, in addition to a dog bed, and treats for the dog and cats!I had a wonderfully restful night on what may have been the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, and the following morning, a member of the bell staff arrived at my room within minutes of my call to the front desk informing them that I was ready to check out. By the time we got to the lobby, my vehicle was waiting at the front entrance, and two more members of the bell staff assisted me in getting the animals and baggage loaded.The W Chicago City Center and staff made what could have been a stressful, uncomfortable night a VERY positive experience. Next time I travel through Chicago with my K-9, this will be my hotel of choice.	
Jul 13 2009 	Clean Chic but something missing	stayed here one night in june. usually stay at w lakeshore. prefer lakeshore as there just seems to be more going on there. this place was nice, but something just seemed to be missing. perhaps it was lack of a nightclub/bar...not sure. vibe was quiet, not happening. the space is cool, but overall i think there's better.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice hotel but check room size when booking	This hotel is like walking into a nightclub. It always feels like it's evening regardless of the time of day. The front desk is situated to the back left - near the elevators. It takes directions to find.My check-in experience was fine and the staff was friendly. She informed me the room I was getting was newly renovated. When I got to that room, unfortunately, it did smell newly renovated (too bad). Also, it was tiny. It could not have been more that 120 square feet. There was a small shower and a bathroom with no place to put toiletries. A waste can has no home and nearly blocks the toilet. They call this a &quot;Wonderful Room&quot;. I would disagree. This is a room for a business person traveling alone who will need use of a desk but not a relaxing chair to kick back in (as it had none).I called to explain to the front desk that this room was not to my satisfaction and is not what I booked or anticipated. I was told I could upgrade for $70 extra per night. Finally, after going down to the front desk and speaking with Justin (this is all around 12:30am), he took care of the problem and immediately offered to move me to a new room. He had obviously heard this complaint before. The new room was possibly twice the size.The beds are comfortable and the bedding and pillows are very nice. The style is contemporary with clean lines. Plenty of lighting by the bed for reading. Bed lights up from below as well - with LED lights.The fixtures are nice and there are 2 layered roman shades. One shade allows you to see out of the window but distorts the incoming view. The other shade blocks the light. Nicely done. The TV's are very large and there are plenty of outlets to plug in items on the desk. There is a charge for wireless internet. Be careful on the Fiji Water at $8.00 per bottle.The bathroom has plenty of towels, good lighting, and amenities (shampoo, body lotion - all by Bliss). The lounge offered nice choices and good service. The concierge could have improved in the friendliness category. The bell service was very good as were rest of the staff when asked for help.When booking this hotel, be sure to check the room size. I did have a confirmed 253 sq ft room on my reservation print-out. Fortunately, the new person who took over the desk that night was better trained in customer service than the previous.First impressions are important. The first room I checked in to nearly ruined my entire experience at this hotel. The management should take note. If your patron confirms a particular type of room, you should meet or exceed that expectation and your staff should be trained to make sure this happens when assigning the room.The main reason I am not recommending this hotel to a friend is that I believe there are nicer places for the money.	
Jul 9 2009 	When a hotel wants to be a nightclub...	Overall I would say this hotel is unlike any other I have stayed at - they are clearly trying to achieve a vibe of cool/ hip/ sexy/ nightclub, as evidenced by the waitresses in the lobby! My room, though small, was far enough from the elevator that it was quiet and met my needs. My major issue with the room was I always had a bit of trouble turning off the many, many lights in the room - above the bed, the nightstand, across othe rparts of a (tiny!) room and BELOW the bed. The bathroom was also tiny but very well cleaned &amp; kept, and stocked with Bliss products which I loved.Overall it was fine for my purposes which was just to sleep late and wake up early but the ambience was definitely worth noting.	
Jul 6 2009 	Chic clean comfortable.	Service: Very friendly, very accommodating front desk service. We had an issue the first morning with the hot water and the staff addressed it immediately and did not have a problem for the remainder of the stay. We received cordial, professional customer service from every member of the staff. The one concierge assistant we dealt with had some basic knowledge of local restaurants and sights to see. But also - and it's not the hugest deal - I needed to get to a Walgreens and she was unable to direct me to the closest one, which I later found to be only a block and half away. Amenities: The gym was awesome - each cardio machine has an individual TV, updated equipment, and plenty of space to stretch. They offer headsets for each of the machines in case you don't have one, and water bottles and fruit. The rooms come with Bliss Spa products, which I thought was a nice touch. The large flat screen TV + cable was a major plus, and our room also had a DVD player, which we used. Lobby area: There is free Wi-Fi in the lobby area, which is nice. If you want Wi-Fi in the room, you have to pay for it. Luckily the lobby area was never crowded to the point where we couldn't sit comfortably to surf the web. The only complaint I have about the lobby area is that the music they have playing (techno, which rarely changes) is usually on medium volume or blasting. I get that it's supposed to have a &quot;loungy&quot;-type atmosphere, and I can appreciate that concept. But it would have been nice to hear other genre's of music, i.e. Mowtown, swinging jazz, and/or some groovy 80's pop/rock, just to name a few :). Food: We never tried the restaurant, but we had some appetizers (Italian meat plate and gourmet olives), and it was pretty good.	
Jul 5 2009 	Took some work but nice stay overall	Ok, I booked through hotwire.com for a 4 star for $105 and got the W Hotel city center in Chicago. I called right away because I just wanted to be sure their base rooms had two beds. Anything booked online automatically gets you their &quot;cozy&quot; room. This room is 10'x12' and is sooooo small. We were guranteed a king size bed despite the room size. I argued and argued with hotwire.com and they could've cared less, we were stuck with one bed rooms. I get to the hotel and they offer to upgrade us to a suite for an additional $150. They promise a king size bed, 2 bathrooms, a pull out couch, and room for a cot. We say ok. We get up to the &quot;suite&quot; and there is no pull out, 1 bathroom, and it's tight. We go to my friends cozy room and there is a queen size bed there. I go to the front desk and complain and they put my friends in an ADA accessible room (handicap accessible) and offer us another suite to check out. I go up to the ADA room and its HUGE and beautiful. And has a king size bed and they gave it to us for the original online booking fee. The second suite was no better than the first. So I go back down and ask to be in an ADA room too and they comply. So they took off the $150 suite fee and put us both in ADA rooms. These rooms are also directly tied to the fire escape and the windows open fully for some reason so we had a great little balcony to go out on. ASK FOR THE ADA ROOM, SAY YOU HAVE A HANDICAP PERSON OR WHATEVER. ITS WORTH IT. The hotel is beauitful, beds comfortable, and their motto is &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; in reference to whatever your wish is.I did have a run in with the security guard telling me I couldn't bring beer into the hotel for my room. A quick conversation with the front desk fixed that, but it was still very rude.It is VERY frustrating booking online when you don't get what you expect. Hopefully those of you that book online and are frustrated too know to get an ADA room and all will be well.	
Jul 1 2009 	Front desk staff need more training	Traveling with my husband and granddaughter. The valet's at the door were awesome, especially Pria (Paul) he actually made our stay there a little bit more enjoyable. As we entered the hotel I felt it was a little dark. My only problem with my stay was the front desk person on duty that night 6/25/09 and concierge they were not customer friendly at all. I booked my reservation on priceline and when we checked in we were given a queen book when I went to the front desk to request two double beds the gentleman at the front desk advised me the hotel was full and explained I had a child with me, he was not very sympathic reminding me that I did book my reservations on priceline, I had to walk away at that point. In my mind it shouldn't matter if I did booked at discount site. Later I spoke with the manager Mr. Jones and he was very helpful but the damage had been done. I would not recommend this hotel for travelers with small children, you have to go practically through the lounge or bar to get to the elevators and they did not have a swimming pool not kid friendly.	
Jun 30 2009 	Trying too Hard!	We were booked into this hotel for a one day conference. If it hadn't been in the middle of our stay, I would have moved. The lobby is a beautiful space with old architectural affects, but it is lit with purple, blue and pink neon. Way Too Cool for a sophisticated hotel. There is very loud &quot;hip&quot; music playing all the time. The public spaces are nerve wracking. But the elevators top it all! If you were stuck in one for any time, you would end up a gibbering mess. They somehow have a 3D effect with planets? in blue, purple and tan seeming to float at you. But the planets are not in focus, so you continually try to get in a place where they will all seem right. There is loud music playing here also and a sickly sweet odor. I think they haven't figured out how to assault your taste buds or there would have been a flavor. We were on the 15th floor and the noise from the &quot;L&quot; was noticeable. The bed was very comfortable and the other furnishings were fine if not so comfortable. The bath was a nice size, but nothing special, the same old tub with a shower head. The towels were very thin. Our view was into the other rooms of the hotel. I think it is too far away from the fun places to suit me.  The staff was very courteous and professional. Our bellman was even a little apologetic over the excesses of the hotel. I was annoyed over the $15 charge to use the internet in the rooms and a charge to use the business area. There is a free connection in the lobby, but no one could ever do any work there. I did like the FareWell kiosk, which allows you to check out and print your boarding pass. But all in all, I would prefer a calm soothing place to stay.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice Hotel- Our Room was Big	We stayed at the W Chicago City Center for one weekend night with one child. As a Starwood preferred gold member we were upgraded and I must say the room was excellent and large with a very large bathroom. The room faced the interior courtyard and was very quiet. Furnishings are very nice but W needs to learn a thing or two from Westin about comfortable beds. The &quot;Style&quot; department (come on - don't try so hard to be cool!) brought a cot for our daughter promptly. We did not eat here or use room service. The location really is excellent for the financial/theatre district and close to Millenium/Grant Park and the Museums. Quite a walk to Magnificent Mile however. Overall -we will stay here again for the location and ability to utilize Starwood points.	
Jun 26 2009 	Cool Atmosphere!	LOCATION: May seem a bit far from Magnificent Mile, but Chicago is big, so this location was good. In the financial area, so the weekend is less busy here. Just a 10 minute walk to the lake or Millennium Park and 20 minutes to the Wrigley Building.ROOM: Good size. Very modern and contemporary. Cool decorations. Great amenities and Bliss bathroom products.HOTEL: The lobby and public areas are unique and chic. The location is not the best, but if you get a good rate, don't mind the walk, then this hotel is great!CITY: Chicago has so much to offer. Just consult your tour book.	
Jun 9 2009 	I will never stay here again!	I stayed here as I got a great prepaid rate of $109 for a Friday and Saturday night (unsure of why this hotel was so cheap until I got there!). I was also celebrating my birthday. We checked in around 10pm and first noticed that the lobby was great looking however we had the smallest room I have ever been in! We fell asleep and in the middle of the night the airconditioner stopped working, we called the front desk and they said they would send someone to fix it. We waited and no one came up. We called again and finally the engineer came up. Then the remote control for the TV didnt work, we had to wait again to have someone fix this. After the AC and tv remote was sorted out, the bathroom sink broke...one more thing that was adding to our horrible stay. We talked to the front desk and they moved up to another room...the service never changed...we ordered tea the next morning and it took about 40 minutes to get to our room. We requested a late check out as our flight out wasnt until 7, and this took a solid 35 minutes to sort out.The location is probably good during weekdays, but on weekends NOTHING in the area is open!! We were not able to find anywhere to have breakfast in the morning, dunkin donuts was closed...everything was closed, which explains why we got such a great rate at the hotel.I expected more from this hotel holding the W name and was seriously let down.	
Jun 1 2009 	W Hotel - Mingling with the hip crowd - Near the amtrak station	I booked the W hotel City Center because the hotel was close to amtrak and had an aarp discount. My senior citizen husband and I had a comfortable quite room. Staying at the W is like staying in a piece of art. Design is everywhere (even in the business center). A stunning lobby and swank elevator.When we arrived the lobby was full of 20/30ish stylishly dressed people enjoying drinks, food and conversation. Check in was quick and the staff was very helpful. Location, location. This hotel is 4 blocks or so from the Chicago Union Station and about 3 blocks from the Art Institute of Chicago.	
May 26 2009 	Ikea Hotel	If you stay here, ask for a room on the upper floors. Why? Because you can't hear the L as much, and because the rooms haven't been renovated yet. The renovated rooms look like a page out of an Ikea catalog. White, cheap furniture. I was reminded of the super-small rooms you get in European hotels where all the furniture is attached to the walls. Other than the noise and the decor, the rooms are fine. Love the Bliss toiletries, room service was prompt and accurate, wake-up calls came on time, and the facilities were clean. The A/C was broken in the workout room, but it was the first hot day of the year so they probably weren't prepared. Overall, my stay was average. If you plan to stay here, pack your earplugs and get a room on the 18th floor.	
May 19 2009 	Stay at W Lakeshore. It's worth the extra money.	I stayed on NYE 08. Management was rude. As a gold card SPG, I was not upgraded, only given late check out. The rooms need massive updates. Also, the former hotel, I forgot the name, was raped with cheap comforters and ugly furniture. Had no view. Got mooned.	
May 11 2009 	Ask for a renovated room	This is a typical W with over the top styling. The lobby is nice, and had a nice bar scene at night. Room service is a disaster, don't bother using it. Also, there is a tie-in with Acura where the hotel will drive you to a destination for free in an Acura MDX. As for the rooms, I was traveling with a colleague and we both booked the same type of room. Apparently, I was given a newly renovated room that was just put back online that week, which was verified by the fresh paint smell in the room. The room was very clean, and was what you would expect at a W. It was nice, and there was plenty of workspace. Though, it was quite possibly the smallest bathroom I've ever seen. My colleague, however, compared his room to an old Holiday Inn room that had been redone in the W style. Room service was a disaster. I ordered a bowl of cereal and banana for breakfast. Over an hour later, I was brought a meal that was completely wrong. After calling to get the correct meal, I was promised it would be brought up, but it never happened. Though, to their credit, I was not billed for the meal. They gym is nice, with several elliptical machines, treadmills, and weight machines.	
May 5 2009 	Trendy and Upscale - I will stay here again and again!	I stayed at the W City Center 2 years ago, and loved it so much I chose it again for my 2nd stay in Chicago this April. I was not dissapointed - It is still as wonderful as it was my first stay!The W City Center is a very trendy posh hotel. Go there expecting a happening nightlife scene in the lobby, and dark lit hallways. Not a child-friendly atmosphere. The lobby has a great bar/lounge that gets pretty packed after work and on the weekends. They offer free flavored water and fruits in various parts of the hotel (lobby, fitness center, business center, etc.)The service is impeccable. Everybody is ready &amp; willing to help with anything you want. They really live up to their &quot;whatever/whenever&quot; motto. The front desk is super friendly and accomadating and the consierge could not have been more helpful. He personally called us to give us reccomendations for dinner/nightlife based on the other places we had been &amp; liked. Great service!Another great perk is the free Acura service the hotel offers for destinations within a 5 mile radius. You just book a time in advance and have a brand new Acura take you to your destination (from 12PM-8PM i believe) and save money on cab fare! But if you do need to take a cab you will have no problem getting one right outside the hotel doors. And the hotel is also incredibly convenient to the El since it's in the loop. Easy walking distance to ALL train lines.The rooms are spacious (at least the room with 2 double beds is, i remember staying the last time in a king size room and it being semi-small) and beautifully decorated. The beds and pillows are so comfortable. The bathrooms are nice and the Bliss Spa products are GREAT. I really have no complaints about the rooms at all.All and all I'm glad I stayed here for the 2nd time and will likely stay here again the next time I visit Chicago. The hotel is beautiful, has great service and just a great overall vibe.	
May 4 2009 	Typical W but seemed more comfortable	Stayed here on election night in order to get to Grant Park easily and not have to fight the crowds going home. W's can be interesting and sometimes feel uncomfortable because they are so trendy. That was not the case here. The rooms were quite large and the bathrooms were top notch. Slate walls, great Bliss amenities as usual. Great location in central loop near all modes of public transit. Much better than the W Lakeshore a few blocks away.	
May 1 2009 	The W was really nice.	This was probably the nicest hotel I ever stayed in. I work for Starwood so maybe I am biased for Starwood properties and know the hotel industry so I don't complain at small little things like most hotel guests. The room was very nice and we weren't even on a renovated floor. Three people stayed in a room with 2 double beds and we had a great time. We heard the subway but in the distance, sounded like wind. It's not really the front desk agents problem so call the city with a noise complaint and there is free wireless in the lobby so you can skip the fee.	
Apr 29 2009 	Made me loyal to the W Hotel!!	I booked a &quot;last minute package&quot; through a travel site and stayed at the W City Center for 3 nights in May 2008. From the moment I walked in, I fell in love with this hotel and from the moment I left I knew I'd always look for a W hotel for future hotel stays. They have a &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; philosophy that is truly that. When checking in, I was given a free upgrade on my room without asking. The rooms were nicely decorated, and beds super comfortable. Bath products were from Bliss Spas. The hotel is nicely situated...walking distance to Milenium park, and the car service could take you to Mag Mile or Hancock Building. They have a free Acura car service that will drive you around town, and a concierge who is very knowledgeable. I asked which CD was playing in their car service, and not only did they tell me, but I received 2 free CDs (compilations by the W hotel). On my last day there I had lunch at the &quot;living room&quot; bar and asked the bartender if she knew where to find Voss water (outside of my room since it was $8 there)...she gave me a bottle for free. Every encounter I had with a staff member at this hotel was above and beyond and this stay made me fall in love with the W brand. Every time I travel, I look first to see if there is a W to stay at.	
Apr 23 2009 	Appropriate if you enjoy The Girls Next Door 	To start off, the hotel doesn't appear to view natural light as an amenity. Upon entering the lobby, you're deposited in &quot;The Living Room,&quot; a bar/lounge/dinner area where people mingle and check-in. The furniture was in decent condition, but the lighting was so dim it would be easy to miss the details. Later in the week, the lounge filled up with patrons making it difficult to pass through the front doors.We stayed in a double room on the 4th floor, with a bathroom + half-bath. The room itself was spacious but worn out. The carpet had stains and bathroom counters were minute. There was a complete absence of towel racks, forcing you to discard towels on the ground! Room service was polite and timely, but expensive and bland. Supposedly the hotel is undergoing renovations, colleagues attending the same conference reported being woken up at 0700 by workers and water dripping in their room from above! Careful if you book this hotel anytime soon. The location is mediocre (in the heart of the financial district) for exploring Chicago, expect to roll a cab to get to the Magnificent Mile, Sears Tower, or other attractions. As a side note, most of the surrounding Starbucks were closed over the weekend.	
Apr 22 2009 	Urban Oasis - great stay awesome place	My recent weekend stay (Easter weekend) was my third stay at this hotel. I am always amazed by how this place (and other W hotels) evoke such vehemently negative reviews from some people. I try to find some of the things that people write that they find so annoying, but I just can't - I find this place to be so awesome, I'm always impressed.For this visit:Arrival - I arrived on an early morning flight to Chicago and took the CTA train from O'Hare to downtown Chicago - an easy trip as I don't carry a lot of luggage. Exited the blue line subway and walked about 2 blocks to the W City Center. The first impression of the Living Room (lobby) and Welcome Desk (registration) is so serene and cool - I find it really relaning (can't beleive that others find it frenetic). It's so stylishing lit with elements of repeating circles (like water droplets, small mirrors, marble cut floors , curved seating pieces)- the mixing of modern design with the traditional architectual elements of the building come off as a wonderful assemblage. The welcome desk agent was very friendly and efficient. To my delight, I was able to get into my room right away - even thouh I was 5 hours prior to check-in time - Yeaht! My SPG membership was acknowledged and I was told that they were glad to have me return here again. Elevators smell so good and have a wonderful modern art assemblage within. My room was on the 15th floor overlooking interior courtyard (I asked for a quiet room) - overlooking the courtyard reduces the urban noise and the ambient noise from the nearby L trains. RoomMy room was spacious, decor was very cool, modern, with a cool minimalist vibe. Everything was spotlessly clean and was in order. At this time, most of the lower floors are closed for renovation, but redone floors are opening up for occupancy every week. I saw one of the newly opened floors - totally rehabed (not just surface rehab, but new everything) - a much brighter palette of white for these floors (but still looks hip and minimalist). Looks very nice, but I still love the older (noir) W look as well. Did my unpacking - nice spacious closet and plenty of drawer space - everything looks better in the W space! Bathroom was huge - and love the Bliss toiletries, I buy them for use at home. Then I left the hotel to enjoy a full day out in the city. For rest of my stay, room was always cleaned well and linens/toiletries replaced.I never heard any noise all weekend - the bed and the bathrobe was wonderfully comfortable! Amenities:Used the &quot;Sweat&quot; Fitness Center - great equipment, and sparkling clean, well-maintained.I had a nightime drink and Hummus snack in the Living Room lounge, which was pretty deserted for the Easter weekend, but nevertheless - it's was still so much fun just to relax here and I loved the cocktail that I had - lots of interesting drinks to try on the menu. Had a lovely breakfast at the We restaurant - service was friendly and efficient.All staff that I encountered - servers, concierge, stylists (housekeeping), doormen, everyone was great - seemed genuinely friendly and eager to please.I asked for and was cheerfully given a late check-out (another benefit for SPG membership.) This allowed me to have another full day in the city before heading home.Only glitches to an otherwise perfect stay:1) Requested turndown service and it was never done - not a big deal, just a minor disappointment.2) Bill folio that was slid under my door in morning prior to checkout charged me a higher room rate than I reserved and confirmed at check-in. I brought this to attention of the Welcome Desk and it was corrected right away with an apology - no hassle. The correct amount was billed to my account the day after check-out.I have always enjoyed this hotel and this stay reinforced my feelings. I look forward to returning again when the renovations are furhter along. If you enjoy a different experience than they typical luxury hotel, and you have an appreciation of modern asethetics (design, art, music), I would definitely recommend a stay at the W - Chicago City Center!	
Feb 17 2009 	Swanky Fun	My husband and I and our two friends stayed at the W Hotel for two nights during a weekend and had a blast. The hotel is very chic, swanky, upscale and we were very glad that we chose this one for my birthday weekend.The location is great, especially if you are wanting to be near fun bars and hotels and the museums. We took a lot of cabs and they were not expensive at all. The hotel itself is gorgeous and sexy. The hotel bar, &quot;The Living Room&quot; is quite cool but in the evenings its a hot spot and hard to find a place to sit. The rooms are very chic, but tiny. We had a flat screen, a huge bed, an ipod dock and a nice bathroom. The hotel also has a very nice scent to it! We had dinner at Tizi Melloul one night, and Carnivale, both of which were excellent. We also went to Nacionale 27 for salsa dancing but they apparently don't do it Friday nights. Bummer.I'd recommend this to couples and people wanting to have a fun time in Chicago.	
Feb 9 2009 	Let us sleep	We just needed a place to stay for the night, after an event we attended.... Well I can not remember what floor we stayed in, the room was very nice... everything in the place was magnificent, except for the service... the people from there kept on barging in since we got there... they told us they had a water problem with the room above us... we did not see any water come into our room... we asked then if we could be moved... we were told the hotel was booked solid... no other rooms available... well just great, we had workers trying to come into our room at all hours, as if they had moved us out...hate the place just for that experience! &gt;:(	
Jan 3 2009 	Interesting experience a bit dark but okay	All in all, there is much to like about the W Hotel. The rooms are nice, the TVs good, the service just fine. The problem is that they are not up to the W's usual standards. The lobby is extremely dark (and I mean no lights) and the beds are not of high enough quality in my opinion. Still, the location can't be beat and although I would probably prefer to stay elsewhere in Chicago, I could see coming back.	
Dec 24 2008 	Not at all what we were expecting from a W Hotel	When we checked in, we were given an upgrade to a larger room by the very attentive front desk staff. That is where the good stopped with our stay at this hotel. We were on the 8th floor overlooking Adams St and were at first pleased with the room. Then, the first Elevated Train came by. It was so loud that the only way to drown it out was to turn the fan on high. We then went into the bathroom where we found a used eyelash curler laying on the floor under the sink. In the room, we were surprised at the relatively old, non-HD TV with a remote that barely worked. What really made me upset though was the $31.70 mini bar charge that appeared on my checking account statement later that week. At no point did we use anything from the mini bar. Overall, a terrible stay at a terrible property.	
Dec 8 2008 	Don't Listen to these Negative Nellies!	I'm not an idiot and I realize that the majority of these reviews are negative because only people who have something to complain about write reviews. I visited this website before my boyfriend and I stayed at the W City Center (but after we had booked the room!). Needless to say, we grew quite worrisome about our weekend trip to Chicago. That is, until we got there... This hotel was amazing! Everyone from the valet people to the front desk help were incredibly polite and always smiling. Upon check-in, like a lot of other W guests, we were upgraded to a larger room. We stayed on the 16th floor and were amazed at the size of the room and the bathroom! Huge! We did hear the El, but let's be serious people: there is little that can be done about that! Wear earplugs! Lol. This was our first stay at a W hotel (and trust me, there will be many more!) but I can see why certain people (i.e. old sticks in the mud) wouldn't like the W hotels. They are young, modern, and yes, quite noisy, but they are bustling with activity! This is not some stuffy hotel where you feel like you are not welcome. We are a young, gay couple and we absolutely loved our time at the W!To combat some of the negative opinions:-Our bathroom was huge; nothing like having to sit with our legs at an angle with the counter pointing into our backs...-I feel like those who have complained about the darkness of the hotel have overreacted; yes, the lobby is dark with lots of ambient lighting and disco balls and awesome music but the rooms were like any other I've ever stayed in: the majority of the light came from two end-table lamps, one torchiere and one desk lamp. The bathroom had adequate over-the-sink lighting and two or three ceiling lights. -The bedroom was extremely clean. (PS - the BED is AMAZING! They really have something with the &quot;W Signature Bed&quot;!)Some positives no one has mentioned:-The toiletries are from Bliss! Body Butter, face wash, hand soap, etc. They are quality products and they smell great!-The TV was HUGE! LG LCD Flat screen...-They change out the welcome mats in the elevator to say &quot;Good Morning&quot; and &quot;Good Evening&quot; depending on the time of the day! (Hey, it's the small things that count...)One last thing: I think that they could offer Free WI-Fi but we were so excited about exploring Chicago that we barely thought about email!I promised myself that I would write this review if we had a good experience and we had a GREAT experience! Give the W City Center a try... You can find good deals out there and once you're at the hotel, they'll take care of you...	
Nov 19 2008 	Lipstick on a pig	The room was so small that we were tripping over everything, fortunately, there wasn't enough room to fall down. It took me a while just to find a place to drop my bags. The bathroom was so small that I had to sit sideways, with the sink poking into my shoulder. Room 717 is directly in front of the elevators and you get a lovely &quot;ding ding ding&quot; every 3 to 4 minutes. The plumbing bumps and shreeks like a monster from a Godzilla film every time someone in the building uses any water. You can get free WI-FI on a bus or a train but the W charges you $14 per day(Probably standard, but insulting while paying top dollar to stay on a broom closet.). The view from our room was non-existent. The food was good and the beds were great, but this building was simply not designed to be a luxury hotel. In conclusion: the rooms are small and I like to complain.	
Nov 9 2008 	dont stay here unless on business in the area	The only reason to stay here is if you are on business, because the price is not worth it if it's coming out of your own pocket. The window to half the rooms overlooks an interior courtyard where it looks like they keep their garbage. Feels like an old run-down tenemant building. And it's near the el, so you need to be a heavy sleeper, or have strong sleeping pills to ignore the noisy train right outside your window. They nickel and dime business travelers for everything, charging $20 to accept a fedex and $4 for sending an email using their scanner downstairs. The place is understaffed as well. Being on hold for a few minutes when ordering room service, and what especially annoyed me was waiting on the phone for several minutes simply to ask them to bring my package up to me. Very annoying when I am getting billed $20 simply for them to receive the fedex for me. The few good things about this place are that the downstairs whiskey blue is very chic and trendy. The food is decent, although does not meet expectations for a supposedly 4 star place. Although understaffed, the staff tried hard and is very friendly when you finally can get a hold of someone. It seemed all the staff were always smiling, friendly, genuinely apologizing for the poor service, and harried from running to put out one fire to the next. Bizarrely, they always call your room several minutes after room service/package asking if everything is okay. It annoyed me that they kept interrupting on their own time to ask if they can do anything else instaed of just giving me the service I wanted when I wanted it. Also, the reason this place is so busy is that there is a dearth of business hotels in the west loop/union station area. If there were another business hotel in this area, I'm sure the W City Center would go belly up.	
Oct 6 2008 	you really have to love it	I have stayed at many of the W hotels around the country, NYC, Atlanta, LA, Chicago Lakeshore, etc. and the experience is often touch and go for me (some things are great, others not good). One small part of staying at any of these hotels, is the fact that you really need to be in the mood for all of the music, dimmed lights, clever sayings written on each surface you encounter. I don't knock that, they really do try to provide a different experience, and it is good at night when you want to feel like something is going on. But, I have to wonder why I just paid $299 for a dark room the size of my home bathroom with a tiny prisoners window. At this property, I feel that the hoteliers put all of their money into a design sense and none of it into the basic comforts expected from an expensive hotel room. Let's first talk about the positive: the staff in the bar was top notch, the check in was straightforward, and the hotel has a thriving, vibrant feel when you enter and wind your way to the reception desk. But, I spend most of my time at a hotel in the room, preparing to sleep, sleeping, or finishing up some presentation, document or emails at the desk before heading out to conduct the business for which I came to a given city. In this respect the rooms at W themselves have sometimes left me feeling a little disapointed and even worse, uneasy. This uneasy feeling was the case for my most recent stay at the W City Center, which was heightened by a really dark room. (Window small 3X3 and hidden behind a large black TV armoir). Dark obvious stains on the douvet and sheets added a grimy, dungeon like feeling that was enhanced by the dark surfaces and indirect flourescent lighting. The effect is a let down, but also a strong desire for fresh air and a mild concern about the actual cleanliness of the room. It made me wonder why I was in this hotel when there are so many better lit spaces available for less money in downtown Chicago. It is always too late for me to change rooms or hotels after I arrive because time is limited, so I thought I would share this and perhaps spare other business travelers the let down.	
Sep 26 2008 	W For Wonderful!! :)	I had the pleasure of booking 2 rooms at the W Hotel at City Center in Chicago the weekend of 9/19/08. My mother,sister, who flew in from Phoenix, AZ , and I went to celebrate my mother's 70th birthday and to see Jersey Boys, which was fantastic! I was a little concerned about the rooms after reading some of the reviews, since my mother is 70, I thought the hotel maybe a little too eclectic for her, but I must say we were VERY pleasantly suprised!! The staff was ABSOULTELY WONDERFUL!! I really want to give kudos to ALBERT JONES, the front desk supervisor and SELAWE TAU, the welcome desk manager, they went above and beyond to see that our stay was TRULY WONDERFUL!!! :)The only complaint I have about the hotel is that it is a little dark for our taste, but I would definetly stay there again!!	
Sep 18 2008 	A W I'll Actually Vote For!!!	Honestly, couldn't have been better. We flew in on a red-eye and were just looking to drop off our bags until check-in. The saintly receptionist advised us they had a room ready (almost 5 hours before check-in!). On top of this they gave us a free upgrade to a much larger room away from the EL Train, and threw in a certificate for 2 free drinks at the bar for each night we stayed... After checking to see if I was holding a gun in my hand we headed up to our 20th floor room for a much needed rest.Although the hotel isn't perfectly located (about 5-8 blocks away from shopping, theatres, museums, etc.), they offered complementary rides in Acura MDX's (one way- from the hotel) to anywhere in the city. Not bad for $125.00 a night on Hotwire.com, eh... The hotel can seem a little pretentious, but everyone from the staff was exceptionally nice and courteous. Big thumbs up!	
Sep 17 2008 	Would not stay here again...	Stayed at the W for business the week of September 6. Loud interior and exterior noise in the two rooms I stayed in-- due to the train and the old building's venilation. Called front desk at 10pm to find out when jack hammer noises would stop. Call never returned. Called back 30 min later and asked to speak with manager. Room was upgraded the next morning to a two bed room the next day. Second room was noisy as well. Would not stay here again... Too trendy and expensive for my taste.	
Sep 12 2008 	Not for older travelers	I got this room at the last minute on a holiday weekend. The room was very small and cramped and way too dark. The hallway smelled of liquor. I arrived a 12:30 AM and the music was so loud from the club I could not hear the desk clerk. The staff was very nice but the atmosphere was too &quot;trendy&quot; for this traditional traveler. Only place to plug in lap top was in the bathroom, had to sit in the hall on the floor.	
Sep 8 2008 	I always enjoy staying at this W-Hotel.	The W Chicago - City Center is always a great stay. I am greeted by name and the bar and hotel staff are always friendly. They have recently re-done many of the rooms and my past few stays they have upgraded me at no cost each time. Again great stay and fun place.	
Sep 5 2008	Good Location Austin Powers Wet Dream......	Great Hotel, rather swanky accommodations, friendly staff, nice bonus that I was able use the car service from Acura. Really attractive bar staff. Heather and Matt at the front desk are super rad.Only one negative, the bathroom was quite small, but I am a small person, so Ha, Ha; to all you fatties!	
Sep 5 2008 	Always trendy and top notch at the W	I stayed here during a professional board exam (not fun). The W made the stay productive and comfortable. There were areas to read, decent place to workout, cozy bed, and a great bar and lounge. I have stayed in other W's in New Orleans and San Fran. They are always trendy, comfortable, and fun. I like to bring my wife so we can enjoy the atmosphere. In this case, I needed and was able to study, socialize after the test, get quick, good meals either in the room or in the restaurant. Just what I needed during a stressful time.	
Sep 4 2008 	W Chicago - City Center an Oasis	At 2am, after arriving late through OHare, and sitting in an hour of traffic ,our &quot;paid&quot; hotel room at another facility was given away. We got in a taxi and passed the W. Having stayed at W Hotel's before and had great experiences, we stopped and were welcomed with open arms. Our room was comfortable and staff exceptional. We always look forward to staying with W, and the Chicago city center fulfilled all our expectations.	
Sep 4 2008 	Too Cool W	Picture this.... You just walked 5 Chicago city blocks with luggage in tote from the train and you are greeted by the doorman with a &quot;hello&quot; and smile. As you proceed to the counter to check in, you are surrounded with an eclectic/chic and upscale view of the lobby. As you approach the counter you are greeted with, YES, MORE SMILES and asked if you would like a Freezer pop from a huge metal tub of ice with every flavor you can wish for.... upon checking in, you are given party beads for the holiday celebration in the city as you are directed to the elevators....when you arrive upstairs to your eclectic decorated room and sit on the bed, you know you are going to sleep very well! If you can picture this in your mind, then you should check out this hotel! the decor was newly changed from my may visit and everyone including the concierge and door man are extremely polite and helpful. the restaurant and bar are a HUGE must see and try! it is a short walk from the train and in the middle of so many things to do and see...... and don't worry, if you forget anything there are plenty of items in the hotel room for sale (picture men's breifs, umbrella, you name it!)the beds are so comfy that I had to see what was under the sheets ....there is a fabulous mattress topper that we actually ordered when we got home for our own bed! We have never slept better in our lives at a hotel!	
Sep 4 2008	W. Chicago-City Center	Our stay was excellent, the staff was superior. The hotel itself was wonderful. The room service was great.	
Sep 4 2008	Great Service from the staff of the W hotel	The W hotel on Adams Street is a wonderful environment for the business traveler. The employees at the hotel are very friendly, accommodating, and treat everyone with respect. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone especially to the business traveler.	
Aug 26 2008 	Enjoyed the W	The lobby is eclectic. The bar is &quot;happening&quot; on Friday nites!The rooms are small but the beds are very comfy! The bathroom was roomie.Even though you can hear the &quot;L&quot; (CTA) it is not distracting, more like white noise.All of the staff members were great and helpful......we requested an upgrade and received without additional charge.This hotel is located very near to the Macy's on State Street and the Theatre District is within walking distance.....	
Aug 26 2008 	Good not great	I was a little concerned about staying here as many people have noted issues with it. Turns out, it's a good W Hotel, just not the best. The lobby is cool: all goth and romantic-looking. We had an early flight and tried to check in at 12 but they were sold out and wouldn't let us check in until 3. Steven, who was so nice, upgraded us to Spectacular rooms: larger, comfortable and decorated in that gray/black theme. The location is so so, being in the business area and close to the Art Institute, but far away from the great restaurants. We ate at Ristorante We for breakfast and dinner and found it to be pretty good; James, our server, was wonderful. One thing that bothered me about this W (and also at the Dallas W) was the Whatever/Whenever desk person. She acted like she couldn't be bothered with our questions. I would like to see W Hotels improve on this-it's a service and there is no reason for these associates to be so snotty. Anyway, I recommend the W Lakeshore-that's a great hotel. This one is good, but not great.	
Aug 18 2008 	Worst W ever...	As a business traveler I've stayed at several W Hotels (New York, Seattle, San Francisco and now Chicago). My experience at the City Center W in Chicago has been by far the worst. My original room was filthy. It was as if the cleaning service simply changed the sheets (I hope) and put in new towels. Upon my request for a new room, I was put in a smoking room which was not much cleaner. I Will not stay here again. Also, this hotel is in desperate need of updating (I was told this will begin at the end of the year). As an FYI, there are no views at this hotel if that is important to you.	
Aug 15 2008 	Not the best experience but probably not representative...	My company recently added a sales office in Chicago, so I made the trip out from NY to Chicago. Our office is 1.5 blocks away from the W, so I decided to book here instead of at the Westin (the other approved hotel on the list where we get a special rate).I've had good experiences with W properties in the past (San Diego, Los Angeles, Tuscany in NY), so I expected something similar. It wasn't great.The good news is that my original trip was canceled because of that horrendous NY-area weather. My flight was canceled by air traffic control, and I ended up calling the W at the last minute and telling them my predicament. To my surprise, they waived the cancellation fee, even though it had nothing to do with them. That was a big plus in my book.The bad news is that when I made it out a week later, the only smoking room available (I smoke cigars and thought it'd be nice to be able to smoke in the room) was one with double beds. The beds were so soft that if someone told me that two elephants had sex in them the night before, I would have believed you. That was really disappointing.The condition of the room wasn't great, either--scuff marks on the walls, molding come off the base of the walls, etc.On the plus side, room service was good (the bucatini is phenomenal) and generally prompt (May, the person who brought up my food the first night, even went out of her way to give me a card with her name on it).I travel a lot for business and so I'm willing to chalk it up to a bad one-off experience, so I'll try it again in the future with the W. However, I'm staying at the Hard Rock Chicago next time to see what else is out there.	
Aug 11 2008	Modern and sleek accommodations.	The W Hotel has a great location in a great city. The rooms are pretty basic, but in a good way. I like the rather monochromatic color scheme of the room.The best part is the lobby with background music and bar. There's a good drink selection and really nice waitresses. I admit I tried quite a few options from the bar menu. But the good news was my room was just an elevator ride away.The train is very close to the hotel. You can hear it, but really not enough to bother you or disturb your sleep.	
Aug 10 2008 	Not clean - has been decorated for Halloween	There was a strong smell of humidity in the bath room. The entire hotel is so freaking dark that you can't tell if the place is clean or not (you should bring a flash light). The decor is horrible - it looks as if it has been decorated for halloween. The standard rooms are tiny... It was my first and last time in a W hotel.	
Aug 8 2008 	W consistency - a good thing	If you've stayed at a W before, you'll feel right at home here. Same decor, service, menu, amenities, etc. All in all, a safe pick for those who like contemporary-design hotels. Also, it is very convenient to the EL and the subway. Overall, a good choice if you need to stay in the South Loop area.	
Aug 4 2008 	Needs an update	This W Hotel isn't as trendy and nice as it should be. Small rooms aren't really a problem; that's to be expected in a big city. The dark lobby and hallways aren't too big of a deal if that's the look they're going for. Yes, it's loud. The hotel is right on the El (solution: request a room &quot;facing inside&quot;). No biggie.It's just that the place feels tired.When I mentioned that to a staffer, he told me they have heard that from many visitors and the hotel is responding. He said they are about to begin a major overhaul of the entire place, including changing the design (think light and bright) and adding more rooms.That will be nice for the future, but for now if you're in the hunt for hotel chic, I suggest considering some other places.A specific example: The shower in our bathroom looked like it was made of institutional tile from the 1950s. It wasn't retro, just old and dismal.About the service: When I stayed here last November, I never opened the front door when I was entering the hotel. A staffer always saw me coming and opened the door. Certainly not required but a nice little touch. However on my most current visit, the front door people were often talking amongst themselves and rarely opened the door.One more thing, when I thanked a staffer for being the only person to smile during my stay, other desk person joked that &quot;We're too cool to smile&quot;. A joke indeed.	
Jul 29 2008 	Not great	I'm just back from the W City Center. Don't bother unless you are 20something and love the scene. The hotel is dark, the lobby the room, the furniture. I've stayed in one other W an it was nothing like this. The rooms are small, and I had a room with a king size bed. If you're on the inside of the hotel ( what they call the court yard) I call it the alleyway, you hear the constant noise of the train, which is a block away.  I agree with the other reviewer about the staff. The doormen were fine but the staff at reservations are all young with attitudes. If you have a choice, stay at the Westin North , or on Michigan Ave, or even the Sheraton. Don't bother with the W city center	
Jul 17 2008 	Worst hotel in my 20 years of travel	Well, in my 20 some years of business travel, the stay in downtown Chicago's W Hotel (Adams Street) has to be one of my worst experience!I booked their so called &quot;Sneakaway for a Summer Sleepover at W Hotel&quot; offer at $309 a night for 3 nights (July 13-16). I know that the room will be a bit small (they said ~230 sq ft) but the description said that it includes Breakfast, in-room Movie, wine-cooler sorbet and free access to the health club etc. etc. Although I had booked the Westin River North at $275 a night for a room twice the size (AAA rate), I decided to switch to the W Hotel because (1) their website shows really nice rooms and I thought it would be nice to try a W Hotel which I had never tried before, and (2) the package includes breakfast, which at Starwoods hotels usually would be about $25-30 anyways. Well that turned out to be a hotel from hell for me:1) The room (#731) is barely a 200 sq ft, and the bathroom is so small that I have to turn sideways in order to access the toilet (and I am a small person). When I sit down, the toilet paper is right in my face (right side) and my left knee is touching the shower curtain. The carpet is dirty, and there are no drawers for cloths except for 3 small drawers in the night table by the bed. 2) When I checked in I was given some coupons for breakfast, drinks and so on. When I took a closer look, I discovered that the &quot;breakfast coupon&quot; is only for &quot;in room dining/breakfast&quot; (there was no mention of that in their website). Also I only got 2 coupons when I was staying for 3 nights. So the next day I went to see the front desk and asked for a third coupon. The staff (and then the manager) told me that I should not have gotten the second coupon in the first place: the package is ONLY for ONE breakfast for the entire stay. I said: if the package says &quot;free hotel parking&quot; does it mean that it is only for 1 night? or free access to the health club is it only for one night? After much exchange he finally gave me a third coupon.At the time I did not have access to look at what the website said and so I thought it merely says &quot;breakfast&quot; - still &quot;breakfast&quot; would mean daily breakfast. If they do mean ONE breakfast for the entire stay they should be up-front and mention that. After I got home I checked into their ad again and viola! it said explicitly &quot;daily breakfast&quot;http://www.welcometowhotels.com/sleepawaycamp/?IM=SOP_top_WH_WCAMP3)To add insult to injury: the coupon is for &quot;breakfast for 2 people&quot; up to a maximum of $20 - for in-room dining. Their smallest coffee size is a carafe which is $10, pastry is $5, delivery charge $3.75 and service charge $3.56 for a grand total of $24.83. The pastry turned out to be ONE danish. So I wonder how can they even say that it is breakfast for 2 people for $20 - unless they expect 2 people to share one danish pastry. Even though I stayed there by myself, I still had to pay the extra $4.83, the amount over the $20 allowance. How can a hotel advertise &quot;daily breakfast included&quot; when one still has to pay????4) When I couldn't access their wireless internet in my room I called their help desk: first they transferred me to the IT help line which put me on hold for 10 mins so I hanged up. Called the help desk again, and they said they would send someone to my room to help me. Well it turned out that this was a hotel maintenance guy who knows nothing about computer. He said he was there to make sure that I had my PC plugged in correctly!! Finally I got through to their help line, and the person who answered told me that their wireless network does not support Linus platform. he could not send someone to my room or work on my PC because he is not in the hotel - that the support is outsourced! So I said fine and stopped using the PC at the hotel. On the day before I cheked out I ran into a fellow in the elevator typing away on his notebook computer. I commented to him that I could not log onto the network. he said that's odd, becasue he IS the IT manager at the hotel and he could check that right away for me. Well I was on my way out to dinner, on the last day, so what good is it for me to use my PC when I only have one more night to stay there???5) Staff attitude: well the help line staff and the doormen were very nice and courteous. But some staff at the concierge and the reception desk are not. One case in point: the final bill incuded an item &quot;mini-pak&quot; of ~$34 which I never used. When I checked out I said I had not charged anything called a mini-pak and it souned like some snack in the room bar. I said that if I had used it I would have remembered. The staff replied &quot;well, even a bottle of our water is $10 so $34 is not that much&quot;. I held my tongue instead of saying &quot;if a person is silly enough to spend $10 on bottled water, he/she should be reborn in their next life in a third world country!&quot;. When I asked a concierge how far is the restaurant that I wanted to try, and whether it is &quot;within walking distance&quot;, he said &quot;everything is within walking distance&quot;. A more courteous staff would say &quot;it is about xxx minutes walking&quot;, or &quot;it may be bettr to take a cab because it may take you about 45 minutes to walk there&quot;Normally I do not like posting negative messages on travel sites. A good customer should always talk to the establishment first and give them the chance to correct their mistakes. In this case I have talked to their manager. Their &quot;survey&quot; is going back to their downtown hotel, rather than to W Hotel headquarter so I believe the so-called survey is useless.If anyone knows how can I get this message to W Hotel - higher up than the managers who hang out at the reception desk, please let me know.	
Jul 4 2008 	Fabulous!	Fabulous property.... stayed 5 nights and loved this hotel. I was alittle concerned after the reveiws and thought about staying at the Lakeshore W instead. SO GLAD I didn't! We went to the Lakeshore upon arrival to see what it was like, and it was full of early 20 somethings and the lobby was going off like a frat house! Not a very nice property either, cheap lobby decor.We had no noise problem at the W. We had a beautiful room on a higher floor in the inner courtyard. ( room 1714). The room was massive , with a bathroom thes size of our condo here in Vancouver! Room was spotless, cool, dark and the bed heavenly, was hard to get out of each morning to go sightseeing.The City Centre W also had a free Acura car service that will take you anywhere in the city, great for going out to dinner!Will definatly stay here again without hesitation, ( will request the same room) and location was perfect to everything!	
Jun 30 2008 	in the center of it all	i loved this hotel. it was my first trip to chicago, so i didn't know what to expect. upon walking in, i was amazed by the lobby. it was large and ornate. there was a dj spinning, since it was a friday night. the place was happening, and definitely my speed. the restaurant is to the left, which is a good dark meeting spot with friends before going out and hitting the town. there is a bar to the right. i was greeted to my room with a little bamboo plant in a vase, a bottle of wine, and cheese/crackers. nice touch. it was a welcome gift from a friend. the rooms were rather nice. of course what you expect from a W. stylish and modern, nice bathroom freebies. they were on the smaller side, but not too small. we had a double. the bathrooms were rather nice. there wasn't a view. there was no pool. but it did have a fitness room with treamills having their own private tv's.the hotel is in the center of it all. close enough to michigan and shops. short cab ride to halstead, the clubs, and other bars. it was full of energy. it was trendy and happening, defintely for the 25-35 crowd. but if you want a quiet hotel, and peace and relaxation, i wouldn't stay here. it's full of energy, music, it's full of life.	
Jun 4 2008 	A great stay	Thought the hotel was great. Seemed a bit more individualistic than the W in San Fran, which I felt was a bit &quot;cookie-cutter&quot; trendy.The rooms are small, but then so are the rooms in most boutique hotels. But they contain everything you can need and are very well appointed.The complimentary Acura car service was a great idea and used it a couple of times.Staff were friendly is a little abrupt.I was disappointed about the location as I wanted shops, not offices, but this was my fault, I should have looked at the location closer and it wasn't too bad getting to Michigan Ave.	
Jun 4 2008 	tiny tiny room	I am a starwood preferred guest (means nothing at this property) and had the smallest room I have ever stayed at. The hotel is right next to the train so you get to hear that every few minutes. The staff was ok but there are so many other great places to stay in Chicago. Don't waste your time on this dog.	
May 29 2008	Loud rooms	Very dissapointed - my first room was the loudest I have ever stayed at - the railroad kept me up all night even though I was on the 14th floorMoved to a very slightly quieter room (there do not appear to be any rooms where the railroad isn't very loud) but had to sacrifice a lot of space and the comfortable chair that was in the first room and was told that if I wanted a bigger more comfortable room would have to be on the street side that would prevent a good nights sleepGlass pained door into my rainforest shower was actually a plastic shower curtain with cheap shower headThey also tried to charge me 359$ / night when I had a guaranteed group rate of $254Wanted to leave but city booked for conventionMy advice - stay away!	
May 24 2008 	Great Stay Great Service Great Meal at We	Had a great stay the weekend of May 16-18.Great lobby vibe. Very nice Acura car service.. we did not use but the car staff was very friendly. He said it was free! Room was a Spectacular King and we had no complaints. Loved the iPod docking station and flat screen TV. Front desk staff, room service, wait staff at WE, doormen, and valets were first class! Only negative is when we called down to the concierge for a dinner recommendation and he gave us the name and number of &quot;Italian Village&quot;...this is a tourist/conventions goer type of restaurant and thankfully we did not go. Odd choice. Anyway, we called TRU and were lucky enough to land a table for two. We also dined at &quot;We&quot; one night and the service, food, and wine were above average. The nice surprise was that the wine list had some unique wines at very fair prices and we were able to take an unfinished bottle upstairs to our room. Special kudo's to our waiter, Dan (???), who not only knew the wine list, but all the movies Robert Redford ever starred in as well as some great theater recommendations to see while in Chitown.Valet parking is $48 per night as it is everywhere so buyer beware.Great location, easy to hail a cab, a short walk to the blue lines and loop el trains. These trains make it a little noisy but bearable. Thanks W.	
May 24 2008 	Very Good Experience	As a business traveler, my criteria for selecting a hotel is location to my meeting, proximity to interesting local sites, and a Starwood property. I was happy that the W met these objectives. It's close to the Chicago office, a short walk to parks, museums, the lake, and shopping. It's not central to the Miracle Mile, but only about a 15 minute walk or a $10 cab ride. The hotel was funky. The lobby is candle lit. I walked past the reception desk when I was trying to check in because my eyes hadn't acclimated yet. I think that happens to guests a lot because there was a hotel employee stationed to steer me back when I missed the mark. You've got to expect that type of quirkiness at a W. I found the staff friendlier here than at other Ws. The room was very good. I had a large corner room with a king. It was newly remodeled. I was very happy with it. I paid the regular rate. I think there are other rooms that are tight though. My only nit was that I couldn't fit my laptop in the room safe. I guess I need a new laptop. I highly recommend the W.	
May 16 2008 	Small and noisy rooms but great service	This hotel has a great location in the Chicago Loop, but it is VERY close to the tracks for the Chicago L (the elevated railroad, Chicago's version of a subway). All night, I could hear trains rattle past my window -- and I was on the 11th floor! It was way too loud, and I slept terribly.As others have noted, the rooms are quite small, but small rooms are pretty much the norm for W Hotels and for hotels inside the Loop, and to be honest, the rooms at the W Chicago City Center are actually larger than the rooms at the W New York.The staff was always very, very helpful and attentive. They booked all sorts of restaurant reservations for me. They patiently gave me good directions to sights all over town. When something in my room broke, and repairman came right by. Because I am a Starwood Gold member, I was allowed to check-out at 4 p.m.! So, I have absolutely nothing but good things to say about the service.The lobby is beautiful and &quot;cool&quot;. I didn't try the restaurant, so I can't comment on that.	
May 15 2008 	W Whatever . . .	W Hotels are what happens when a bunch of marketing MBAs don't have enough to do, and so management poses a question: what DO cool, edgy, tech-savvy, young heroes with gobs of disposable cash want in a hotel? The apparent answer: puce and gray decor, young and edgy-looking desk help and mini-bars that offer baseball caps and &quot;intimacy kits.&quot; Ah, progress. It would be more fun were it not so transparently contrived. But then, I am undoubtedly more curmudgeon than cool and edgy.The W City Center has its plusses and minuses. On the plus side, the location is excellent if business takes you to the city center area. The rooms, though quite small, are comfortable for a solo traveler. The bedding is first rate. The iPod ports are a nice touch. The staff is young and enthusiastic and tries hard to please. The building is an architectural gem, with exceptionally nice lobby features somewhat obscured by poor lighting. The lobby bar is a nice place for an evening cocktail or morning coffee.Minuses? For starters, puce and dark gray are maintenance nightmares: every mistake with a service cart leaves a noticeable plaster ding on a wall; every laundering error creates fade marks and stains on comforters that began life in purple but are fading to maroon. The result is that new stuff becomes old stuff quickly, and W doesn't seem inclined or equipped to do much about it, and so the rooms and corridors look more beat up than they should. It didn't help that the remote for the nice big screen tv didn't work.The youth and enthusiasm of staff is pleasant, but has the down-side of inexperience and lack of training. Hence, the concierge, asked to obtain men's dress shirts to remedy a clothing emergency, did not know the conventions of men's shirt sizing (i.e., that 15 1/2 by 34 means collar circumference and sleeve length, in inches), and the doormen didn't know how to locate a street address just a few blocks away. And here's news - - if W's brand identity is cool and edgy, why is USA Today the only free daily paper? I suspect cool and edgy types would prefer the local paper (and Chicago's is better than most) so they could find out what was going on in that toddlin' town. In terms of value for the price, the W stacks up relatively poorly against the competition - - the week before, I paid somewhat less to stay at the far superior Sofitel Water Tower.Overall, this is not a bad hotel, but you pay more than you should for pretty basic stuff overdressed in Starwood's rather contrived notions of brand identity.	
May 13 2008	Good location but there are better hotel choices	I booked the hotel through Hotwire, and was expecting a basic room. I got exactly what I expected--the smallest hotel room in the United States.The room I had (Room 1129) was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, and I have stayed in some small rooms in Argentina and Europe. There was very little room between the bed and the desk and the entertainment cabinet. The bathroom was also vert small, with no counter space to put toiletries. I had to keep everything in the travel bag after I used them.The lobby was very nice during the day, but at night it is like walking into a cave, and it doubles as the hotel bar. I could barely see to make it to the elevator it was so dark and so crowded.The front desk people are professional, but they do not present the kind of service one expects in a 4 star hotel. I was offered an upgrade at $77.00 extra a night, which I declined, then the desk clerk said she would give me a room with a queen bed. However, I was only given a room with a double bed, and the W tried to charge me an extra $99.00 a night because they said I had upgraded. The woman at the front desk on Sunday morning was not helpful at all. Another problem I had was getting my car when I was ready to check out. Be warned--if you take a car and park in their parking lot, the charge is $48.00 a night. If you are there on weekends, you can actually park in front of the hotel or on LaSalle Street for free. We tried to call the number we were told to call, and no one would answer. We then called the problem line and the man who answered said we would have to call the valet back, he could not help. We called another number, and this person tells us to come down to the lobby and just go to the parking valet with the claim check. This added an extra 20 minutes to the check out.The W does have some nice features--the bedding was incredible, we had 5 pillows, and the soaps and shampoos were great. We tipped the maid, and she gave us tons of extra towels and soaps. The hotel location was great. We walked to the Oriental Theater to see Wicked--the theater was about 1/2 mile away. We walked to the Art Institute which was about 6 blocks away, and we walked to the Magnificent Mile. The El is a block away from the hotel. My room was across the street from the El, and I never heard it at night.My experience at the W was neither pleasant or unpleasant--I think it is a rather mediocre hotel. There are far better hotels with far better service for the same money, and I would not stay there again.	
Apr 25 2008 	Should have read Tripadvisor First - Treated like a Nuisance not a Customer!	Booked a &quot;Wonderful Room&quot; for a one night stay for a business trip. The hotel's website states that a Wonderful Room is 253 sq. ft., with an oversize desk, glass door rainforest shower and luggage rack. Checked in at 5:30 PM Wednesday and was given one of the four rooms in the far corners of the floor. Walked into the room - no desk and the tv cabinet/mini-bar/dresser unit was inches from the front corner of the bed so you had to turn sideways it get to the window or climb over the bed. No glass door shower. No chair. Furniture with peeling, scraped veneer. Room was about as big as my wife's walk-in closet.I called the welcome desk to ask for a change. Was called back by &quot;Guest Service&quot; and told no rooms were available, but after I continued to complain he said he would check. He called back five minutes later and said no rooms were available and the hotel was fully booked. (A lie) I asked as it was only 5:30 PM had everyone checked in and he said yes (another obvious lie). He said he could upgrade me for $1,500!! When I protested he offered me a free breakfast. As I declined as I was attending a meeting, he said would look again. While I waited, I paced off the room and measured it at 160 sq.ft. including bathroom, closet, windowsill, etc. Also called the Starwood Hotels 800 Reservation number (W is a Starwood Hotel) and was told there were rooms available at all price points that night.As no callback came in 5 minutes I called the welcome desk again and asked for the manager. I told the Welcome Desk attendant what the problem was. I was called back by another &quot;guest service&quot; person who told me the hotel was &quot;fully committed&quot; and there were no rooms. He would not define &quot;fully committed&quot;. When I complained that the staff was rude he argued with me and said as he had not spoken to me yet he could not have been rude. Told him that there were rooms available (he said the 800 number was overselling the hotel) and that the room didn't meet the standards of the room I booked. He said he would look again.Finally got a callback after a total of a wasted half-hour and was moved to another &quot;Wonderful Room&quot;. It did have a desk (oversize only as compared to a school desk) and was larger, but no glass door shower (just an old tub) and no luggage rack (not a problem).I've been to quite a few cities and I have stayed at Sheratons and Starwoods and have been a member of the Sheraton Club since 1987, but I have never been treated this way by hotel management, and never so obviously lied to. It is among the worst customer service experiences I have ever had.When I discussed it with the manager at checkout, the manager Heather said the first room was considered a &quot;Wonderful Room&quot; and when I pointed out how it didn't meet what was on the website she had no response. So this means that the hotel's website has false and misleading information.On the positive side the hotel is well located and has free coffee in the morning. The bed was comfortable with nice linens, soft towels in the bathroom with good amenities and a good clock radio with iPod dock. And contrary to another review there were 20 or 30 tv channels.Lesson I learned? Always read TripAdvisor reviews even if you are traveling on business.	
Apr 22 2008 	Very very very small rooms!	My husband and I stayed at the W for one night on business. Pros:1. Clean, comfortable bed and pillows2. Close to the &quot;El&quot; - can walk to a stop in seconds3. Attentive front door staff4. Prompt room service5. Decent gymCons:1. Very small rooms. This was, by far, the smallest room I've ever stayed in. There was so little space between the bed and the desk that, if you want to pass by, you have to push the chair in AND walk sideways. There was so little room on the floor - the only place to put your suitcase was in the small closet. If you have more than one suitcase, good luck. There is only one chair, so only one person could eat room service food on the table. I had to eat on the bed. There was only one window, and this made the room feel even smaller.2. Very small bathroom. It was so small I knocked toiletries off the counter while putting a robe on. The sink basin itself was so small that, while washing my face, much of the water went onto the sink counter. If two of you need to get ready, good luck.3. Terrible room service food. My husband's burger was very mediocre. The fries were soggy. My steak sandwich was rubbery, and the bread was like cardboard. There is a McDonald's down the block and a Starbucks and Seven Eleven around the corner - those are your better bets for quick meals and snacks and inexpensive sodas.4. Because the &quot;El&quot; was so close, we could hear it very loudly until late at night and very early in the morning. Bring earplugs, or ask for a room away from the &quot;El&quot; line.5. The lobby looked like a night club. Very dark, lit only by small candles and a light show on the wall. Techno music played constantly. After a long flight, this was really annoying.6. The TV was nice, but had very few channels. I had more channels visiting the Caribbean.7. We requested a late check-out, but housekeeping knocked at 9:30 AM. Apparently, the front desk didn't communicate our request to housekeeping staff.It seems as though this hotel sacrificed comfort in an effort to be chic and trendy. If staying in a trendy place is important to you, if you're travelling solo and if you bring only a small bag, you'd probably like it here. If you like space, don't enjoy bumping into furniture and don't enjoy pretentiously trendy places, stay elsewhere.	
Apr 14 2008	Not bad if you are traveling solo	I just checked out of this hotel 12 hours ago. Overall impression: Pretty good. A solid &quot;B minus&quot; Room: Small! It was a bed and a few feet on each side. Bathroom: 5' x 5'. Including the tub. It was a tad biggerthan an airline bathroom. Not kidding. Bed: Comfortable: lots of pillows big comforter.Internet: biggest complaint: They are STILL on ethernetand it cost $15 a day!!!! I strained to get the cord into my laptop,and it was such a hassle for three days. I tend to surfthe net on my laptop in bed, not at a desk. For $15 a dayshould have been wi-fi. (my first night at a Holiday Innhad FREE wi-fi!) Temperature of room: WARMIt was 33 degrees outside at night,and I left the window open, so that I could use the bedding. This meant that when I got up in the nightI froze, but the bedding was warm. At 5 am, whenthe trucks/traffic started up, I gave up: Shut the windowand kicked off the covers. ( I couldn't control the tempin the room at all, except by opening the window). Bars: Nice! Expensive! Vibe: Very Euro Gothic, purple andvelvet. Look for Prince! I know he's hiding behindthe big palms. Techno or Parisian trance music played.If you listen closely, you can hear the click click of Prince'sheels as he scurries around in the dark Gothic corners behind the 30' curtains. Staff: Very nice, always helpful. Breakfast to the room: Expensive and just so-so. I can't believe what I paid for what I got. Carpet in Halls: thread barren. Ice: No sign, I wandered the halls and knocked on doors. (just kidding, I opened all doors that did not have a roomnumber and finally found an ice machine). 6th floor. Would I stay again? Maybe, if the price is right. (cheap)The location is a bit far from the Michigan Ave shopping,but cabs were always waiting. The hotel is in the Financial district and not much goingon at night or weekend. Many places were closed onthe weekend. I enjoyed the &quot;energy&quot; and the cool interiors. If it werenot for that, I would not have been happy at all. How could they improve: Wi-Fi in roomsFix HVAC issues in roomsUpdate halls and signageI stayed here as another hotel about 10 years ago.They should have gutted the whole thing when Starwoodbought the property and remodeled from the ground up.a	
Apr 14 2008 	Not worth the money	This hotel is in a great location downtown. We even managed to find free street parking right across from the hotel entrance! However, the room was nothing to write home about. It was very close to the &quot;El&quot; so we could hear that the whole time. We were there on a Saturday night and heard the constant whistle that the staff used to summon cabs. The room needed to be vacuumed and it was a bit dusty. There was no coffee maker and the blow dryer was tiny. We were supposed to have a keyboard for internet access through the TV but that was lacking. The bed was heavenly comfortable. The bathroom was clean and the sheets were clean. The room service was excellent. For paying so much, I was expecting a lot more. Probably wouldn't fork out that kind of money to stay there again. Seems they spend all their money on the lobby and the nightclub instead of the rooms.	
Apr 7 2008 	The W Hotels: You Either Luv 'em or Hate 'Em	Lucked out on Priceline and got a good rate...and for what we paid, The W Chicago Center was pretty decent. By reading the other reviews, you can sort people into either &quot;love the W&quot; or &quot;hate the W.&quot; The style of most W hotels isn't some folks' cup of tea. We actually found the room &quot;big&quot; by W (and urban hotel) standards; Pretty chic and interesting. Most W decor is usually pretty IKEA-ariffic (small desks you can't use; petite furniture etc.) Best part was the bathroom and the bed. I would rate this hotel one of the larger room and more functional W hotels I've stayed at. It's worth checking out, especially if you're kinda hip and like something a little trendy.	
Apr 2 2008 	BIG disappointment	My wife attended a conference in Chicago and the W Chicago Center was one of the recommended hotels. Because we had stayed at W in San Francisco last year and loved it, she was anxious to stay at the W again. A week or so before we went to Chicago, we received our credit card bill to find that the W had already charged over $600 to our credit card. When we arrived at the W, my wife pointed out that we had already been charged for $600 for our room. The desk clerk argued that we had not been charged but maybe only had &quot;a hold placed&quot;. It was only after we presented a copy of the credit card statement and she disappeared into a back room did she agree that we had already paid $600. One of the first things the desk clerk said to us was to ask if we wanted to upgrade to a larger room. We declined thinking that a $300 a night room should be adequate. This turned out to be the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Everyone knows how small the bathrooms are on cruise ships. The bathroom we had on our last cruise which happened to be an interior room not one of the top of the ship rooms, was bigger than the W 's bathroom. I counted the floor tiles. The sink was smaller than my bar sink at home. There was about an inch or two on each side of the sink to try to balance anything you tried to put down. You had to close the lid of the toilet to reach the flush lever. The only drawer space in the room were three small drawers in the night stand. The carpet was dirty. Of course it is very hard to see anything because it was so dark in the room. One lamp had a fairly decent light but the other lamp--the one on the desk--if it was a 40 watt bulb, I would be surprised. I tried to use the DVD player provided in the room but it was so dark in that corner that I could not see the controls. On Sunday, I asked the concierge for recommendations for dinner. He suggested we eat at the restaurant in the hotel. Later when we were ready for dinner, we found that the restaurant is not open on Sundays. On the positive, the lobby area is very nice, very hip with projections on the walls above the two giant archways. W always has a nice smell. The concierge desk was very helpful in printing out our boarding passes for our trip home.	
Mar 20 2008 	nice but small rooms good location but expensive for the money	Rooms are small but well equipped and the design is pretty nice. the whole hotel is kinda dark so if you like big hotel with lots of space/light/sun this is not for you. the lobby could be a night club: dark, cool design...Concierge was helpful. a bit pricey though.	
Mar 18 2008	Tiny rooms good service	I chose the W because some other folks I was traveling with were staying there. I travel a lot and generally look forward to staying at a W. I would have to say that the W City Center was really a disappointment. The room was tiny (about 100 sq. ft) and the price was in line with some really nice properties in the area (about $300/nt). The hotel and the rooms were very stylish, but not enough to overcome the small, dank rooms. Service was generally very good as expected with a W.	
Mar 13 2008 	would not be my choice to stay here....	I had to travel to Chicago for business - 2/20/08 for two nights. The other people in my group were staying here so this is where my company booked my room as well. I arrived around 8:00pm Chicago time. Naturally, all of the rooms with king beds were not available and it was my own fault for asking for a lower floor room since I'm not a fan of hotel elevators so I guess I got what I deserved but not really for $350.00 per night!I think I've only stayed in one other hotel room that might have been smaller but not by much. The room had a queen sized bed and was just barely big enough to hold it. The window was so old it wouldn't close all of the way so the wind was whistling in and naturally the El was extremely loud. Apparently they've decided to go the opposite way with the heat as compared to one of the prior reviewer's experience. I turned my heat completely off, even with the non-closing window, with it being -4 degrees outside, and it still felt like a sauna. The bathroom was so tiny and the shower was like a phone booth. I hit my elbow so very hard on the little shelf in the shower just trying to move my arm.When I mentioned my room issues to the other people in my group, they were not experiencing the same thing so I guess I was just the lucky one to receive this horrible room. I'm glad it was only for 2 nights and that I wasn't there to enjoy the hotel. It would not be a place I would want to stay by choice.	
Mar 5 2008 	W works for me	Compact rooms - but well appointed. Clean. Very styled as you would expect from the W. No issues with heat as mentioned in other reviews. I asked for a room away from the El or street noise and then had no issues. Two breakfasts and a dinner at Ristorante We and was very pleased with food and service. No issues there as mentioned in other reviews. Breakfast served quickly. I love the granola with berries and yogurt. Coffee is great and they give you a full carafe.Staff at the hotel was courteous and helpful. Great location if you are traveling for business and need to be near Sears Tower, Loop, etc.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Urban Getaway	My partner and I stayed at the W City Center over the holidays, leading up to New Year's. When considering price, the City Center was considerably less than the Lakeshore Drive location. We got an upgrade from a Wonderful room to a Spectacular room, and be warned, it wasn't that Spectacular- it was Standard size. A nice room, nonetheless, just not a noteable upgrade. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The lobby, as always, provides a hip backdrop for casual cocktails in an urban setting. Many sights are nearby (Millenium Park), or just a short walk or cab drive (Magnificent Mile, museums, etc.). If you're familiar with the W brand, and like the style and comfort and all the W offers, you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 28 2008 	Whatever whenever? HORRIBLE experience	Attached is the letter that I sent to hotel management, that came back to me with, &quot;sorry your experience fell short of your expectations and the hotel restaurant has taken steps to correct.&quot; No free night stay, no restaurant vouchers, no credits to our credit card, no real attempt at keeping customers. Quite honestly, I don’t even know where to begin. Every year, the second week in December my husband plans a downtown weekend for my birthday, which he has done for several years. This includes a minimum two-night stay, dinner and the theater. We live in the suburbs and love spending the weekend in the city. We enjoy shopping, holiday decorations and because of my birthday so close to the holiday, my husband takes special care to make it memorable. To date, we both immensely enjoy the weekend.All except this last birthday at the W Hotel City Center. I will highlight the less desirable incidents as I feel awful that my birthday celebration was such a disappointment.December 14, 2007•Upon arrival in the room, we had to turn the thermostat up because the room was freezing, I don’t mean cold and uncomfortable but “see your breath” freezing.•The bed was not a standard king, which was stated and the room extremely small.•The sheet had a large stain which I am going to say was blood at the head of the bed between the pillows. I called the front desk immediately and let them know that we had reservations downstairs at the hotel restaurant at 7:15 p.m. and they could change the sheets while we were at dinner.•We had dinner at the hotel restaurant (Ristorante We). Absolutely the worst service of any restaurant that we have been to and the food was mediocre at best. From the time we were seated, it took 10 minutes to get a glass of water and my husband had to wave someone down to ask for bread. It took another 10 minutes for the waiter to take our order. As we had plenty of time to look at the menu we ordered the appetizer and entrée initially. It took 25 minutes to receive our appetizer. At that point, we were in the restaurant 45 minutes before receiving an appetizer! The entrée arrived in another 20 minutes. My husband insisted we order a dessert, I told him that I was unwilling to wait 45 minutes for dessert but he insisted that it was my “birthday weekend” and he was equally upset with everything, but remained optimistic determined to have a good time. We ordered dessert. Not only did it 30 minutes to get to us, the order was wrong. My crème brulee was chocolate cake and then the waiter was indignant when I said, “I didn’t order this”. He said that he would put in the order for crème brulee. At that point, the tears started and I asked my husband for the key to our room and waiting another 30 minutes for my dessert was simply absurd. I left the restaurant and waited in the lobby until he was finished with the bill. We he left the restaurant, he then said, “you will NEVER believe this”, not only did he not remove the incorrect dessert from the bill, he haggled me when I told him that it needed removed from the bill and I didn’t even ask him to remove the dessert that I didn’t eat. My husband said, which even surprised me, “today is the first day in my entire life that I left NO tip, though the service was lousy until he hassled me about the dessert, I had every intention of leaving a tip.•After that horrible experience, we return to the room only to find the sheets had not been changed. I told my husband that I have had enough of the W hotel and I was going to take a long shower, while he took a shot at getting some clean sheets. Sometime after 10 p.m. the sheets where finally changed.December 15 – 8:00 a.m.•We left the hotel to go downtown to shop (bought new fleece pajama’s because the room was so cold) and returned to our hotel at 3:30 p.m. to get ready for our 5:00 p.m. reservations at Everest then to the theater for Jersey Boys – Time was of the essence. It had begun to snow so we needed to leave by 4:30 p.m. Upon returning, our room had not been touched, we where gone all day and no one had cleaned the room. The cleaning lady showed up a 3:45 p.m. to clean our room, so we went downstairs to have a drink while our room was cleaned. At that point, my husband apologized for picking such a horrible hotel for my birthday. He said he was ashamed of himself for not doing more research and picked the room from a website because it had a contemporary eclectic style. He felt awful and I felt bad for him and bad that we were stuck there for another night.•With 4+ inches of snow that we had overnight, the room was freezing when we returned. We thought the cleaning lady had set the thermostat back down, but we discovered she had not. We turned the heat up for the second night in a row.December 16•Packing up to leave the room, in adjusting the blinds and drapes realize the window was OPEN. The window was open about an inch and would not close no matter how hard we tried, it was broken open. Which explained why the sounds of the city kept us up every night. My husband has apologized with shame countless times, and ends with “I just wanted you to have a great birthday.” Isn’t your motto - Whatever, whenever? Based on the service we received, it sure didn’t feel like it to us. The next time we will spend time doing extensive research (to include on-line reviews) before choosing a hotel or simply stay home and drive to the city for dinner and the theater. We will certainly not recommend the W Hotel or the Ristorante We in the future.	
Jan 27 2008 	Disappointed	We should have done more research. We went to Chicago for a fun weekend and an Astros @ Cubs game and I booked us the W because I thought that the W hotels I had seen always looked quite cool. This one is in the business district and not a great weekend hotel. I changed the room because our first one was tiny. The room they moved us to was better but still no &quot;wow&quot; factor.	
Jan 22 2008 	It was OK	City Center is a typical W in that the rooms are small but comfortable. City Center is in the &quot;loop,&quot; i.e. business district so there is not a lot going on there after 6pm on a weekday or weekends. I lived in Chicago for several years so I know how to get around, but if you've never been to Chicago or do not have friends there I wouldn't recommend City Center. As far as the hotel was concerned the service was ok. The thermostat in my room did not work so the room was quite stuffy and unfortunately it was the marathon weekend so they were booked and couldn't move me. The walls are thin so you can hear your neighbors as well as everyone in the hallway.As always, great Bliss Spa products. Overall, the hotel is old, the rooms are small and the location isn't great although it is centrally located if you want to take a cab or walk 10 blocks down to Michigan Ave. It's also close to the El.	
Jan 14 2008 	Average Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights while in Chicago for work. The location of the hotel was excellent for me as it was within walking distance of where I needed to be everyday. There did not seem to be a whole lot of other hotels in the immediate area, so for this reason, I am glad that I stayed at the Hotel.However, aside from the location, the hotel did not offer much that would make me want to return. The room I stayed in was extremely small. And the noise from the hallway, neighboring rooms, and elevated train was extremely loud. While I did appreciate the idea of the design for the hotel, it seemed a bit worn and cheap.	
Jan 7 2008	mixed review	We used our American Express reward points to stay here and I have to say that we were disappointed. Our room was small and dark. I went to the front desk and spoke with Michael and he moved us to a nicer room. The location was ok, within walking distance to the Sears Tower and the theatre where we saw Wicked. But, I just felt 'pent up'. We had a choice between here and the Westin on Michigan Ave and I picked this since I had stayed at the Westin (and LOVED it) so I wanted something different. All in all, I wish I picked the Westin or didn't waste the points. Oh well ...	
Jan 7 2008 	worth it for the price	My wife, my 8 year old son and I spent three nights at this property in late December. we were in town to go to Shed Aqu. and Field mus The property was reasonable clean, everything functioned and the house keeping staff did a very nice job. We did not eat on site or use the health club facility as the property is so close to many restuarants and shopping areas (2 blocks off Michigan) that we spent little time in the room. My only two complaints were that the parking was quite expensive at $38 per night. It did include in and out service but when the romm was $100 per night,,$38 seams too much to self park your car. Other complaint was that the heat in the room was very inconsistant, either too hot or too cold and VERY dry. In summary, the location is great, the lobby was very nice and the room and bath room were clean, functional and well serviced, The room size was comfortable for 3 of us. Would have liked to have had a frig in the room but oh well..  In general, it was certainly adequate for the rate but don't expect a 5 star experience...but then again you're not paying for it. I'd definately stay here again assuming the rate remained in this range, as we typically spend little time in the room when we travel except to shower and sleep. However, I'd likely try someplace else if the rate moved much higher..	
Jan 2 2008 	Priceline RIPOFF	I used Priceline as I always do when booking a leisure stay or weekend getaway. December 28, 29. I received the &quot;W &quot; Hotel thru name your own price and was pleased with the price named and paid as always. After receiving this hotel I called to request a king size bed or a two double bed room. I always have been able to receive this request with every other hotel booked this way. When calling the &quot;W&quot; I was told that all I would be receiving would be a room with one full size bed and any other accommodations would be an upgrade. Not happy at this point. Priceline states that a room would be available to accommodate two full size adults. My experience with a full size bed does not accommodate two full size adults. When I arrived to check in, I was charged an upgrade of $70 a night for a room with two full size beds. In all the times using Priceline this has never happened before. Stay clear of the &quot;W&quot; and do not use Priceline that has the &quot;W&quot; in its buying area. This hotel is a big mistake by Priceline and a RIPOFF. I contacted Priceline but had no satisfaction from customer service.	
Dec 28 2007 	Do not waste your money	I stayed at the W City Center Chicago for a business trip. The only good thing was the location of the hotel to my office. The hotel was dark, loud and unorganized. When I checked into the hotel I had to jump from one check in person to the next. They put me in a room right outside from the elevator even though I asked to be moved. After I got to my room the room I called to see if I could be moved and was told that someone would be up to move me. After 30 minutes I phoned to ask them to cancel because I couldn't sit there and wait unpacked much longer. On the way back to the office the elevators were out which meant taking a freight elevator back and forth. It's not their fault but it was just very annoying. The room was dark (bad lighting) and not very clean. The sink had marks in it and the bathroom seemed dirty. I was not all impressed with this hotel. The rates (I was given a corporate rate) are very high for what you receive. I could have stayed in a less expensive hotel and had better accomodations. I will not be staying at the W again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Would Definitely Go back!	I got this hotel through Priceline, so I knew little about it. After reading some reviews here I wondered if I'd been stuck with a bad deal, and worried that I'd have to apologize to my fellow travellers. However, in the end we all three were quite happy with our stay, and each of us would gladly stay here for a return visit.The hotel has a very hip feel to it--this impression gets you first thing because the lobby doubles as a cocktail lounge (low couches, house music playing, etc). The decor in the hallways and the well-appointed rooms carries this theme out. It doesn't seem like your typical hotel, and even though it's a big place (and part of a chain) it had the feel of a boutique hotel.We had rooms with one queen bed each. The rooms are small but well laid out, and ours were very clean. Our rooms faced West Adams and we could hear the El (we were on the 6th floor), but I considered that local ambience. We loved the bliss bath products, nice showerheads, and the provided robes.We found the staff to be courteous and helpful. I worried that my Priceline arrangement might earn us second-class status, but check-in was a delight. We appreciated the concierge service (they printed our boarding passes for departure, for example) and found the doorpeople to be very attentive and friendly.The hotel is in a lovely location for State Street shopping and the theatre district. It's not a bad walk to the Art Institute, either. The only real drawback we encountered is that its location in the financial district meant that some of the coffeeshops and other area restaurants were closed on Sundays--it made breakfast that morning a challenge after we wandered out on our own without asking for guidance. Some people might not like the nightclub feel of the lobby at night--it can be crowded and noisy (we didn't mind).All in my party thought the W was a nice, distinctive, and memorable place to stay. Thanks, W--you made me look good. I'll be back.	
Nov 14 2007 	nice and cosy	I stayed at the W ,4 weeks for profesional reasons.Well, the hotel is really nice.Its target customers are young profesionals or young tourists:When I arrived at the hotel at midnight on sunday night, I was welcome with techno/lounge music which was cool.The room aren t really big but nicely furnished.(You ll get a stupid giant stuffed plum on your bed.lol)The bad points are:- the shower head is original but not convenient at all!!-I had issue with the heat in my room which was sometimes not working..it s an issue especially in Chicago in winter...-Avoid a room close to the elevators and ask for a room far from the &quot;train&quot;.Quincy station is at 1 minute so if you have a room on the bad side you ll hear the train coming and leaving the station.(luckly it stops at midnight).It is not that loud but it can be very annoying.Good points : you get Bliss products for shower!!(a shampoo, a conditioner, a bodycream,a face wash, a soap.Everythin from Bliss)	
Nov 6 2007 	I loved it!	I stayed there the weekend of November 2nd and I loved it! I was my second time staying there and the staff remembered me. The entire crew in the bar is awesome and the place is magnificent! I highly recommend that you check this place out! It is very hip!	
Oct 22 2007	Best hotel stay ever	First of all, I do not know how anyone could not give this hotel an excellent rating. Everything was amazing from the moment my wife and I walked in the door (on our honeymoon). Although it can be expensive, the W is the neatest, trendiest, hippest establishment I've ever seen. From the atmosphere to the attitudes of employees, everything was great.My wife and I were greeted by 2 or 3 doormen who were very kind and helpful. We checked in for our honeymoon only to find out that we had been upgraded to a suite that would normally cost $800/night. The suite was beautiful (2 big rooms and 2 bathrooms, plasma TV, chaise lounge chair and great couch). The room was beautiful. The room service was excellent. One night my wife and I (in our mid 20's) went to see Wicked and when we returned the hotel had Champaign waiting for us along with chocolate dipped strawberries at no cost! We could have not asked for a more romantic and exciting hotel.The lobby was always busy with young professionals hanging out with drinks from the Whiskey Blue or from the bar in the lobby. The attached Ristorante We's food was delicious, but yet a little expensive, at $140 for two.People that complain about this hotel are either just boring people or old and cranky :) My new wife and I had the hotel stay of our lives.Thanks W.	
Oct 14 2007 	Not that impressed	I was in Chicago for the marathon and stayed at the W for my last night in town because I was able redeem Starwood points for a free night. Although I've been a Starwood member for a long time and stayed at many St. Regis, Sheraton, &amp; Westin hotels around the world, this was my first time at a W, so I was excited to see what the &quot;W experience&quot; was all about.What I liked:Although I arrived about 10am, they had my room available and I was able to check in which was great. The front desk clerk was very friendly. The room was a bit small but fine. The bed was very comfortable. I ended up ordering dinner from room service, the prices were about what you would expect, but the dinner was surprisingly delicious. I think this is the first room service meal that I've ever really enjoyed. I had the flatten grilled chicken, ceasar salad and tiramisu for dessert.What I did not like:The train is very close to the hotel and although that makes getting around very convenient, you can also really hear it rumbling by every 10 minutes or so, which is not that pleasant. My room was a corner room with two huge window that looked directly into office buildings across the way, so I had to keep the curtains closed most of the time. I know it goes with the &quot;hip&quot; vibe of the hotel, but it is so dark in all the public areas and even in the room that it makes it hard to see (I guess that is a sign that I am now officially &quot;old&quot;). One of the &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; concierges was not very helpful, and had a bit of any attitude when I ask her for train directions. The concierge who was on duty the next day was great and helped me check-in for my flight online and printed my boarding pass for me, so I guess it's just a matter of who is manning the desk. Overall it is very &quot;loungy&quot; feeling, but that is what you would expect when you stay at a W. I much preferred the Hilton on S. Michigan Ave which I stayed at the two previous nights.	
Oct 9 2007 	Seemed a bit warn down	I was disappointed in our recent stay at the W. We were booked for a superior King room and ended up with a fourth floor queen room. The drain in the bathtub did not work properly. We had a view of the ventilation system. The positives: the lobby was pretty cool. They use Bliss Products.	
Sep 24 2007 	Loved the W!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a weekend business/pleasure trip. It was amazing! Yes, it feels like a nightclub when you enter, but we thought it was unique and fun. All interactions that we had with the staff were excellent - everyone was really friendly and helpful. The room was small, definitely, but it just wasn't that big of a deal to us, especially with so much to do in Chicago. The location is great - only about 4 blocks to the Art Institute, restaurants and the Mag Mile.The bed was AWESOME. We had all intentions of getting up early and going to the museums but couldn't drag ourselves out until 10:30! Our only issue was a couple of nasty servers in the bar on Friday night. No big deal really, we just avoided them.In all, our stay was phenomenal and I'd completely recommend the W City Center.	
Sep 24 2007 	The W worked well for us! Please read.	Ok guys. I travel often, I expect a lot and am very picky. I wrote a review on this website about Hotel Costa Verde in Costa Rica and tore it to shreds..I have no problem being honest.Honestly, I was impressed with the W. It's a 4 star hotel that I payed 150.00 bucks for using priceline. I was able to check in early, and was treated like royalty. The young lady who checked me in (Helen) was extremely polite and fast. She offered me an upgrade to the &quot;courtyard view&quot; but was very fast to tell me that there is no view, it's just a bigger bed. She also said that it's quiter in that part of the Hotel due to the train. The lobby was kept up nice and had some decent techno/trance playing in the lobby. A far cry from &quot;obnoxious&quot; which is how another writer described it. In fact it's very low key and in the backround. Not loud at all. The room, 612, was exactly what I would expect @ 150.00. A small bathroom yes, but the room itself was fine. Very comfortable bed, big enough TV and very neatly decorated. Very modern and sleek. There was some music playing on the CD player when we entered the room. My wife didnt care for it, so we turned it off. It was that easy! My wife commented on the deoderizer they used in the room. It smelled goood but was indeed strong.Checkout went smooth. My wife and expect a lot, and were hesitant to even walk into the Hotel after reading the reviews on this website. However I had a pleasant experience there. A+ for me.	
Sep 23 2007 	Near-Clairvoyant Service with the Warmth of Cool Style	At first glance, the special convention rate I paid ($289) seems high, but it was not much different from rates for other Chicago city center hotels during my meeting at McCormick Place. Indeed, the rate seems low, taking into account the hotel’s level of service (far surpassing what I’ve experienced at Ritz-Carlton/Four Seasons) and its remarkable style, typified by the title of the CD in each room: The Warmth of Cool.My ultra-speedy checkout exemplified the near-clairvoyant service that anticipated my needs again and again. Despite the early hour (5 am), the clerk was right there at the desk. He drew my attention to the part of the bill where I was going to look. When he saw my bags, he asked right away about a taxi. By the time I left his desk, a taxi was already at the door and my bags were being loaded. Outstanding service was everywhere I turned. The clerk at the gift shop took the time to play and discuss CDs on sale. When I returned to the gift shop, another clerk remembered my interest in the toiletries—the W stocks Bliss products, good enough that I’ve bought a supply for home use.The hotel’s hip but welcoming style is there as you walk in the door and notice a special scent and a set of flower arrangements unlike anything I’d seen elsewhere. The lobby’s architecture is a sort of neoclassical style, but with low lighting (candles near the front desk computer terminals help the clerks read) and with abstract multicolored, changing designs projected on the walls. My room was small but it seemed snug rather than cramped. A limited palette gave it a comforting feel, and storage was abundant—drawers in each nightstand and in the closet, which also had a hanging cloth storage rack. One day I found a complimentary bottle of water, in an attractive Voss container. Even the business center (conveniently located just off the lobby) is stylish, dominated—as you might expect—by Apple computers. There was no charge for me to use one to look up my return flight and print out my boarding pass. For me, the location worked out well. Only one hotel is near McCormick Place; most meeting-goers must rely on the meeting bus system, as I did. The hotel is barely a block from the Quincy elevated train (“L”) station. From landing at Midway Airport (and then retrieving checked luggage) to the hotel via Orange Line took me only an hour. The Quincy station has a lot of steps, a narrow turnstile, and no elevators that I saw—so it’s not a good choice for those with a lot of luggage. I could use the L to travel elsewhere in Chicago, and taxi rides to many of the top restaurants are not long. From my room, I occasionally heard the roar of the L trains. It didn’t disturb my sleep (in a very comfortable bed), but it might bother others. The hotel is in the financial district, with little activity after 5 pm; some might prefer a hotel in the shopping-oriented Magnificent Mile of North Michigan Avenue. (Keep in mind that there is another W Hotel in Chicago, the W Lakeshore, in a completely different location.) Almost adjacent to the hotel are a McDonald’s, a Starbucks, and a Walgreen’s—but the Walgreen’s closes at 7 pm. The W is not for the fussy. My CD player tended to skip when I closed a drawer in the nightstand on which it rested. There’s a DVD player that was easy to use, but the tv is not flat screen. An outlet in the lamp made it easy to plug in my computer, but I needed an adapter to use that single outlet to recharge both my Palm and my cell phone simultaneously. The desk was roomy, but there were a couple scuffs. An orange-brown spot—perhaps a patch—was evident in the tub. One of the light switches at the door didn’t seem to operate anything. I reported this to the desk. A day later, it still didn’t seem to operate anything, but a ceiling light in the bathroom (previously nonfunctional) was on (and I couldn’t figure out how to turn it off). The view was nothing but gray building walls. The fitness center has aerobic equipment with individual televisions and headphones, but the view is just the walls of the adjacent building.If I return to Chicago for a stay where the location makes sense and my budget can handle the rate, the W City Center’s utterly extraordinary level of service and unparalleled style will put it on top of my list.	
Sep 18 2007 	Priceline's BIG MISTAKE	I got a very cheap rate off priceline.com for this place. From reading prior reviews it seems this is a big priceline.com place.Well let me tell you until I got a room here off priceline I WAS a big fan of pricelineThe cost of this hotel was great but clearly EVERYTHING ELSE was not within our budget. And I'm NOT a cheapskate but the mini bar prices have to be the highest I've ever encountered and the room service menu was extremely bizarre. My partner and myself were very disappointed with almost all aspects of this hotel. We were looking for a quiet place which was quickly dispelled upon entering the hotel; the lobby was blaring music and had a nightclub atmosphere. OK this is fine if you know first hand you have this to deal with but we wanted a peaceful quiet place. So we were stuck with staying in our room.The room was extremely dimly lit and very small and cramped. We had to basically crawl over each other to get to the rest room. The bed was the best part of the entire ordeal. Everything else was a big disappointment. We didn't like anything on the room service menu and felt it was overpriced. We didn't want to go back to the loud nightclub lobby so we went to bed.I would go into a total rage if I ever got this room off of priceline again.	
Sep 15 2007 	Loved it (mostly)	Ok, I agree that it is really dark inside - like walking in from the street into a nightclub. We booked through priceline, for a girls weekend away, and got a HUGE room with 2 double beds. The beds are very soft and comfy; Bliss toiletries in the bathroom; coffee machine only arrived after requested - but in less than 5 mins. Steps away from orange line El train (Quincy stop); Sears tower, and water taxi at union station. Location was a little more &quot;downtown&quot; than we had hoped for (but that's the risk with bidding on priceline); inroom internet costs $15/day but is free wifi in the lounge and balcony at ground level. Conceirge was not knowledgable about transport, and wanted to send us to Clark/Lake for elevator access (lots of luggage) - whereas washington station - 1 stop further than Quincy (and only 2 blocks down from hotel)- has an elevator.	
Sep 10 2007 	Average everything except the price which was very expensive!	A group of us spent 2 nights at the W City Center in early September. Let me be totally honest, the place is very hip and very cool. The lobby is beautiful and well appointed. There are beautiful flowers and candles everywhere as well as a very cool video show that is shot from a projector onto the massive walls. In the lobby, every detail is cared for perfectly. When you enter, a mat outside the hotel welcomes you with the specific time of day (i.e. Good morning in the morning) and the mat is changed in the evening to say Good Evening. Upon check-in we were offered a cocktail almost immediately, which I found unique. At check in we were advised that our room (booked through Priceline) contained one full size bed and that in order for the room to sleep the two grown men sharing it, we woudl need to pay an upgrade fee of $70 a night. Come on, who would expect two buddy's on a football cavation to stay in the same bed. The front dest clerk was wearing a suit jacket with what appeared to be a dirty Nike t-shirt underneath. We proceeded to the upgraded room and it was fine, but nothing special. I suppose teh PRiceline room was previously a closet based on the upgraded room size.The hotel is conveniently located near the orange line L so transportatoin is easy.On night 2 of our stay, we went to the hotel bar about 12:30 a.m. or so. When we tried to order a drink, the snappy female bartender motioned her hand horizontally across her neck and shouted, &quot;we're done&quot;. I asked the occsional W person floating around the room what time the lounge closed and he indicated 1:00 a.m. Not sure why you can't get a drink in 30 minutes but in any event, the cry of &quot;we're done&quot; is certainly less than welcoming.All in all, the stay was well below average and well below expectations for a hotel of this nature. Others have said it before and it is exactly true, there is a reason the W in Chicago is ranked #76 out of 150 area hotels. Finally, at check out, one of our two rooms had an incorrect bill which took 15 minutes and two additional bills to straighten out.	
Aug 31 2007 	Awful Service Small Rooms	Went there early August on business. Was really not impressed despite the reputation of the W hotels.Check-in was noisy (arrived late at night and check-in desk is right beside the bar!)Room was really tiny for the price they charge. Found a ridiculous giant stuffed apple toy on the bed?! What's up with that!Best for last: I tested what they call their &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; service. Ordered a simple omelet at 1:04am via room service. Was told on the phone that it would arrived at 1:34am. At 2am I call and the guy on the phone tells me that &quot;they're struggling in the kitchen&quot; At 2am?? For an omelet!!! Same guy went to check w/ the kitchen staff, called me back and tells me they can PROBABLY deliver in 20 min! I cancelled the order. No apologies the next day. Nothing. In 2 words: Pathetic service. Even sent an email to their quality manager. Never heard back! Please trust Trip Advisor's ranking: 74 out 155 for that type of hotel tells you everything you need to know. I will stick to what I know next time: Sofitel is where it's at when it comes to service. Chicago is great though! :)	
Aug 30 2007 	strange hotel	Many of the rewiews here say this is good hotel, it is very strange... I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The hotel is dark which is very distubing. It is like horror movie scene. It is not clean. There is train rail near hotel so, in the midle of the night you may wake up because of the noise. what ever whenener is incomlete:&quot;whatever whenever as long as we make money from it.&quot; If you go concierge for help, they try to sell something to you. Becarefull about inroom massage service, it is very disturbing. The massage oil smells very bed. The threarPist is dirty.	
Aug 26 2007	Good location Small room	The good: The W Chicago City Center is in a great location across the street from Sears Tower and a very short walk to the trains. We redeemed Starwood points for a room for one night (other nights in Chicago were at Sofitel Rosemont due to a business trip). The decor is modern and stylish.The not-so-good: We got a &quot;Wonderful Room&quot; which I knew was going to be small, but I didn't expect it feel as cramped as it did. If we had to stay here more than one night or if we were going to spend more time relaxing in the room, I would have probably paid extra for an upgrade to a bigger room.The bad: The shower was tiny and the drain did not work well, so when we took a shower there was water to our ankles. Overall, if you stay at this hotel, I would book a larger room unless you don't mind tight space.	
Aug 7 2007 	Very stylish hotel	I stayed at the W City Centre with my two teenage girls this past weekend. I got the room through priceline and had to go to $200 I think b/c it was the weekend of Lollopalloza (sp?) and the city was very busy. I was a little concerned on a few fronts: would the room be large enough? Would we feel hopelessly uncool, and would the staff be nice or would they be condescending?I have to say that things worked out very well. Yes, I am not cool enough for this hotel but it didn't seem to matter. My girls thought it was amazing. They loved the neat little touches, like the purple pumpkin or whatever that was on the bed, the stylish accoutrements, the Bliss body products. The room was small. I requested a rollaway ahead of time and also upon check-in. It was not there. We went out for a few hours and it was not there when we returned. However we called the &quot;Whatever/whenever&quot; number (a rather precious touch imo but my girls though it was cute) and one was sent up right away. Funny enough, the lovely gentleman who delivered it did not seem to know where to put it in our small room! We kind of pushed furniture around and I hoped I would not hit my head on the desk during the night. That being said, it that rollaway was more comfortable than many beds I've slept on, and the bed for the girls was sublime.Everyone was friendly, the location was pretty good (although a few nights later we were at the InterContinental and that location was, for us, better). The movie &quot;Batman&quot; was being filmed outside the hotel so that was neat to watch. I'd stay there again but I might be more tempted to do the W Lakeshore next time.	
Aug 7 2007 	Very nice experience	My husband and I booked this hotel for our anniverary in July 2007 and TOTALLY loved the experience. The staff was nice and very accomodating. The ambience and the &quot;hipness&quot; of the hotel were not lost on us either. The beds were to die for!	
Aug 3 2007 	Entertaining so far!!	This hotel is not really my style. It is very contemporary, but the beds are so very comfortable....so that's great.The &quot;Living Room&quot; about blew my teen kids away. They think that it's the bomb.What I have loved so far.....Chris the guy out front who helped us bring up our bags. He's awesome and friendly....made friends with my son and even called us to tell my son that they were filming the new Batman downstairs and that he should come down and watch the filming. That was cool. We got to see &quot;Gotham&quot; Police Dept. cars on the street. Apparently, they'll be filming all night.I also forgot my computer power cable and Jeff, the concierge, called around and helped me find one. That was a godsend. I'm working on my Master's Thesis and really would have been in bad shape without it.All in all, this is not a great shopping destination hotel, but we're easy walking distance to Lollapalooza and thus the Art Museum and theatre district. Very comfortable. Very nice.P.S. Thanks W staff. You've made this a nice experience.	
Aug 2 2007	A Pleasure	My husband and I and our 13 year old son stayed for two days. The big mistake was buying through Priceline.com. Even though I requested a room to sleep 3, we were booked into a room with one double bed and no room for a rollway. I wonder why they ask how many people will be staying if the chosen room can not accommodate that number of people? That will the last time I use Priceline.com.The front-desk woman at the W Chicago, Kinga (sp?), was wonderful. She solved our dilemma by giving us a king-size room with a rollaway for no additional cost. She and the rest of the staff at the W were awesome! The door was always manned and opened for us. Brian was especially friendly and concerned about us. We so much enjoyed the attention and special treatment.In terms of our room, it turns out we were given the model room-the first, and thus far only, remodeled room in the hotel. We LOVED the bed and pillows and the LCD TV screen. The soaps and scrubs in the bathroom were great (I have never been provided with a facial scrub and loved it!). Oddly, the bathroom door was sliding glass - yes, you can see through it - and it did not actually close completely (if you want everyone to know what you are doing in there, this is the place). Unfortunately sitting on the toilet was a problem since the leg of the sink was only an inch away from the edge of the seat. I don't think that red mark on my hip has disappeared yet :o). The towels were plush and the closets sufficiently sized. The hallways, however, are too dark. As a woman, I was uncomfortable walking through the halls day or night and would not let my son go to the ice machine alone.All in all we loved the W. It was a great experience at a place we could not ordinarily afford.	
Jul 25 2007 	Very nice experience worth it overall	I wound up at the W (City Center) after a bizarre mapping/booking mistake that had me stuck out in Wheeling, about 537 miles from Chicago (not really that far, but it felt like it). I spent 3 nights at the W and enjoyed my stay quite a bit! Here are the pros and cons from my perspective:Pros:- I stayed on the 17th floor; it was quiet and peaceful, and even the elevated train didn't disturb my sleep.- No children! Awesome.- Decent, fairly quick room service (not cheap, though).- Nice king-sized bed.- Terrific robes!- LCD TV. Sure beats the old CRTs you usually get at hotels.- Good location within the city, easy walking distance to Millennium Park, some restaurants, the river, etc.- Helpful desk staff, decent hotel decor, a fine site overall.Cons:- The towels sucked, I am afraid to say.- Internet access isn't free, and it isn't cheap.- The A/C works fine, but it was either on too much or not enough.- Slightly small room, but it was fine.Verdict:- I'd stay here again!- Late (4 PM) checkout is great.- Consider bringing your own pillow and towels....	
Jul 21 2007 	Very modern and trendy hotel	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The room was just the right size and bathroom was very spacious. The minibar/fridge was a little on the pricey side, but to be expected. The LCD tv in the room was nice feature. The gym in the hotel was set up with very modern equipment that includes tvs attached to each of the eliptical/treadmill machines. For a hotel gym, it was a good size and had the right equipment to get in a good workout. The front desk said the hotel had air tight rooms that kept the noise out, but I heard garbage trucks picking up trash around 11pm. Luckily, the trucks didn't stay around too long and the rest of the night was relatively quiet. The close proximity to a few tourist attractions(Sears Tower, Museum of Modern Art) that we had planned to visit was nice. The lobby was definitely more lounge spot than a true hotel lobby. With my gf and I in our late 20s it was definitely something we didn't expect, but really enjoyed. I really like the modern feel of the hotel even thought it was a little on the pricey side. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2007 	Small rooms but loved it anyway	Loved my stay here with my girlfriend. Yes the rooms are small, but they're very nice. The beds are amazingly comfortable. I wouldn't call it centrally located but it is fairly close to many things, we walked everywhere just to absorb the city. Train stations are nearby and will take you anywhere. Do not take a cab to or from the air[port, it only cost 2 bucks to take the train versus a $60 cab ride. The downstairs bar is very trendy and the crowd spills over into the lobby. It is very swanky and trendy, filled with young professionals out to have a couple happy hour drinks, we loved that our hotel was the place to be seen. Room service brought us the most delicious burger I've ever had, but it was exspensive.	
Jul 12 2007 	The W City Center is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde	My stay at the W City Center was a Dr. Jekyll/ Mr. Hyde type ordeal. For every task that they did well, there was an equal and opposite task that flopped. As a former frequent traveler I have stayed in many different hotels ranging from 3 stars to 5 stars. And, lately, I have been having good, solid experiences booking 4 star hotels for my leisure trips through priceline, but my stay at the W City Center in Chicago ended that string of luck.I had read many other reviews on this website before my trip and I felt like I had enough information to know what to expect, but I was wrong.I rated my experience at the W a &quot;2,&quot; but it was closer to a &quot;2.49&quot; and just like in math class, I rounded down. I am not sure what the exact criteria is for star ratings, but for service, the W City Centre is a solid &quot;3.5,&quot; but that's as good as it gets.My flight landed at Midway at about 9:30 am, so I took the Orange line and arrived at the hotel at around 11:00 am. I was expecting to check my luggage, but to my surprise I was able to check-in. And, according to them, they upgraded my bed from full to queen and gave me a courtyard view on the 11th floor, so that noise from the &quot;L&quot; wouldn't bother me. What a joke!!! My bed wasn't even a full, it was more like a double... maybe even a twin-and-a-half. My wife and I, who sleep in a King at home, were practically on top of each other. And the courtyard view, looked more like the view from a project in Brooklyn. And, I understand that the interior rooms in the hotel have no choice but to have a view like that, but please don't tell me it's an upgrade, when it really isn't. I would have rather heard the train and had a view of the outside world, than to feel like I was in prison.The room was tiny! After I learned was staying at the W, I looked it up and saw that the rooms were small, but the website doesn't do the room justice. There was exactly enough room to turn around, but that was about it. there was a lounge chair in the corner that was unecessary in that size room and the desk where one could use a laptop was at the foot of the bed. When you pulled the chair out to take a seat, it hit the foot of the bed, so you had to squeeze into the space between the desk and the chair. At 6'3&quot;, 180 lbs, I'm not a huge man, but it was a feat for me to do that.The television was in a cabinet to the left of the bed, so I had to turn my head at an awkward angle to view it. And, the question that kept running through my mind was, &quot;If this is a 4 star hotel, where is the plasma TV?&quot; I have stayed at many other 4 star hotels in Chicago that have had plasma for years and if I remember correctly the W Lakeshore has plasma TV's in it's rooms. I liked the fact that there was a safe in the room for my valuables, it made me feel much more comfortable about leaving certain things in the room. But, it was a too small for my laptop.The bathroom was also very tiny, but it had a full-sized tub and a fantastic shower head. Also, the little Bliss sample products were great so I purchased full-sized versions. The toilet was extremely noisy, but I believe I figured out why. The flush was a little longer and stronger than a usual toilet, but I think it was so that all &quot;debris&quot; could be cleaned with one flush instead of possibly flushing more than once. I mean it's so loud, the flushing next door would wake my wife in the middle of the night.The service at the door was great, but it came in spurts. At one point there might be three gentlemen opening the door, but at others there might not be any, only the person that hails cabs for you and if your hands are full and he's busy, then you're stuck! I didn't see a handicapped button you can push to open it automatically.The location is decent. You're very close to the Orange and Brown line trains, two blocks from the Blue line and 4 or 5 blocks from the Red line. And, unless you're going out at midnight, like we did, there is usually a cab in the vicinity.Overall, this is not a 4 star hotel. You either have great service or none at all and I didn't appreciate being misled to think I was receiving some sort of benefit. I decided not to patronize the restaurant (Shikago) or bar (Whiskey Blue) because there are many other places in Chicago I'd rather spend my money. Please do your research. The W City Center is a great 2.5-3 star hotel. It's not even close to being 4 stars.	
Jul 7 2007 	AWESOME!! Surely one of my favorites!!!	We were a little concerned after booking on Hotwire..I had looked here to see what people were getting for Hotwire deals in the $120 range....but we were so happy!! We were travelling with a baby and I had read the rooms were small. We understood the hotel would be HIp and Trendy so I was ready for all of that. I called ahead to make sure they had a crib...they did and I asked about the size of bed...she says happily &quot;you have a wonderful room..&quot; meaning a full sized bed. When we arrived (10am to check our bag) she said our room the &quot;spectacular King&quot; was not ready, but we could stay in another, however it was near the El. We chose to pass....came back later as planned and found the room to be EXCELLENT!! Very nice in design and I loved the mood lighting, roomy bathroom....all excellent. After we were in the room for 45 minutes or so a room service person came to make sure we were happy and didn't need anything.We also loved the strawberry water at the end of a hot day....Starbucks coffee in the morning (could have made more though)!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Unique hotel experience loved it	My mother and I stayed here for a brief weekend trip to Chicago. We tried out Priceline for the first time, bidding $120. The W accepted the bid, and at first I was concerned about the negative reviews. However, I must say we were treated very nicely from the moment we checked in and even though booking at a discounted rate. They did give us the wonderful room, on the 7th floor, and it was pretty small. But nothing compared to small New York City hotel rooms, so we managed for two days sharing a double bed and a small bathroom. In the morning, they leave you the paper at your door, and with Au Bon Pain located on the next block, breakfast is a snap. The hotel has a dark, sophisticated decor which is a nice change from the typical family style hotel chain like Marriot or Hilton. Also, we liked the Bliss bath products. The lobby always had coffee or tea or cucumber water available for guests. Or the bar was always there, the Whiskey Blue was kind of happening on Friday night. There's also a good, cheap bar at the Elephant Club bar a few blocks to the left on W. Adams. We parked at the Union Station parking garage for $19 per night and walked with our bags for a few blocks to save money over the valet parking. The bonus is there were street vendors set up selling discount sunglasses (3for$20)and jewelry on the way. There was quite a bit of a walk from the hotel to see all the sites. The first day we walked from the hotel to Buckingham fountain, to Navy Pier, up the riverfront, down Michigan avenue and back to the W.. and since I was wearing my pedometer, I know that I walked 33,725 steps that day. But after that my feet were ready to fall off, so we took cabs to go out to Rush &amp; Division, to hit the club scene.	
Jun 23 2007 	Stay eleswhere	My stay was marked by a extremely small and cramped room with a extremely high price. A half eaten cashews left in room that was replaced by staff and then charged. Five days and additional charges appeared even after I left for the earlier days.Never credited my account for deposits made to the hotel, Starwood corporate management can not seem to resolve this with this hotel. The room was the smallest room I have ever stayed in, the controls for the heat and cooling were hidden behind the TV cabinet, I was not even able to see the temperature on the digital display because the cabinet was less then twelve inches away and unable to use the temperature controls.The bathroom was another issue throughout my stay, first the tub backed up and when taking a shower you would have about of foot of water in the tub. I called to report and start to tell the person and they already apparently knew of the issue for when I said I had a problem with the shower they said,&quot; is the water slow going down?&quot;. I said well it is not really going down at all. She said she would have someone take a look at it. Nothing was corrected as each time I took a shower the same results of having to stand in dirty shower water rising up my feet, shins and legs.To make matters anymore frustrating the one morning I could sleep in, I was awakened at 8:15 by someone from your staff pounding on the doors on the floor for housekeeping.I have already sent several emails to the Director of Operations, Tomas Caramucci, to say the least unresponsive.Corporate still a month later can not get this property to clear up the improper billing and proper credits for 1038.60 deposit that was never credited.Stay at this hotel at your own risk! MY suggestion stay elsewhere you will make your stay without this poorly managed and operated Hotel!	
Jun 20 2007 	Awesome for Business - Terrible for Pleasure	I had great expectations for this hotel; Chicago is a wonderful city and I was really hoping to stay in a hotel that reflected its charm. HOWEVER, if you are travelling with your family, this is not the hotel for you! I made the critical mistake of bringing my three year old and this hotel does not appreciate children. Normally, I don't care if a hotel doesn't cater to children. I've brought my child to hotels that are mostly for adults because he is well behaved and doesn't mind entertaining himself, it never before was a problem. The staff made it obvious that they didn't appreciate children being there and made it a point to not accomodate my interests regarding matters with my child (i.e. crib in the room, etc.). I found the staff to be totally incompetant and obstinate. I needed a new comforter because I spilled on the original one- it took EIGHT phone calls to get a new comforter. After the fourth call, I asked to speak with a member of management and it still took four more phone calls before I got the comforter and even then it wasn't the right size. I finally gave up. In the end, I waited over two hours for a replacement comforter. Moreover, if you are picky about cleanliness- beware; some may not be impressed with the level of cleanliness of this hotel.I ate an candy bar out of the snack bar and was revolted at how stale and old it was. It had probably been there for over a year. I sat in the bar and waited almost a half hour before being approached by the bartender. This was at 2:30 in the afternoon, with only four other patrons in the bar...I won't stay at this hotel again. And I definitely wouldn't recommend it; unless you're there for a quicky business trip.I don't like sounding so negative in my travel reviews, but this hotel could have done a lot better, and I just want people to know that for a four-star hotel, it left much to be desired...	
Jun 13 2007 	Great hotel - not real family friendly	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. I brought my family and met other family for a weekend stay in Chicago. I had booked through Priceline so the selection of hotel was made for me. I was a bit leary of the hotel after reading some of the reviews but was pleasantly surprised after our arrival. The rooms were great and easily accomodated everyone. The staff was excellent and most helpful. My nieces (ages 20 and 23) thought the hotel was very cool and loved it. While everything was great - room, service, amenities.... I would say I would not recommend for families with young children. The lobby is dark and in late afternoon and evening, you need to walk through (usually) a crowd of people usually drinking cocktails... so a bit awkward when with kids. Also, the &quot;el&quot; is located super close. This makes it very convenient for getting around town, but a bit noisy at night. Overall, we really liked the W Chicago and would especially recommend this locale for younger set.	
Jun 12 2007 	Convenient but not where I'd choose to stay again	We stayed at the W, while we were in town for a wedding this past weekend. It was not my first choice, but we found it hard to find a hotel in downtown Chicago by the time we were booking. The hotel itself tries to be very trendy - not my scene, but it may be okay for some. The location is great - half a block from the Quincy station on the orange line straight to Midway and a few blocks from the Art Institute. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay at this hotel, but the service was good and it was in a convenient location. Some reviewers were critical of the service they received - I found everyone to be very helpful, particularly upon check-in. (We got upgraded to a room with a bigger bed.) The rooms are very small - I would be hesitant to stay here if I was planning to spend any amount of time in my room (e.g. working). It would be very claustrophobic. Internet access cost $14.95 / day (highway robbery), but there are computers available by the lobby (Macs only.) The hotel is definitely showing some signs of wear (hard to see though because it is so dimly lit.) All in all - not the worst hotel in the world, but definitely an exercise in form over substance. Not a destination hotel, but nice enough.	
Jun 11 2007 	Love It	The W does it again. This hotel is amazing! The lobby is low lit with beautiful flowers and scents. They offer different teas throughout the door to help relax their visitors. The staff is polite and professional. The rooms' decor is fun and chic. Flat screen television and dvd players in each room. The beds are comfortable and thick dark curtains line the windows to help keep your room dark and cool for those who need to sleep in. Overall, I enjoyed my stay. The room service was great, and the food was fabulous. I highly suggest this to anyone who wants to get away. It is located to many shops and restaurants but keep in mind Center City Chicago is mostly businesses and things close early. It is a hotel meant for relaxation and few distractions. It was perfect for my boyfriend and me during our two year anniversary.	
May 31 2007 	For the price - head somewhere else	stay somehwere else for the price - shabby rooms, dark hallways, lobby so loud with music the nice reception people were almost yelling to be heard. We won't return to this location	
May 17 2007 	Good Location - and that's all	Stayed at the W as a meeting site, got an inexpensive room rate and an experience that matched. Would never want to stay again if could avoid, at any price. W City Center was a poor venue for a meeting site. Staff was courteous, but seeing staff trying so hard to make everything look so cool was painfully adolescent. Lobby, halls, room all dark and noisy. Room was as small as a good sized master bath. Food service was terrible - looked flashy but cold and tasted plastic. I would not again choose to attend any meeting or seminar held at this hotel as was too unpleasent of an &quot;experience&quot;.	
May 8 2007 	Very Impressed	I recently stayed here on a business trip to an office in the AT&amp;T Corporate center around the corner. The W City Center is one of my company's corporate preferred hotels, but the rate was about $35 more expensive than our corporate rate at the Peninsula and about $135 more than what the Four Seasons wanted that night. (To be fair, the W had been sold out and some rooms seemed to have become available a few days in advance, but at abnormally high rates, over $400.)Still, I chose to stay at the W for convenience purposes, so as to not have to take a taxi to the office in the morning. The ability to earn Starpoints also factored into this decision.Anyway, I arrived around 10pm, and check-in was very, very efficient. My reservation was for a Wonderful room (the lowest category) but because of my SPG Gold status and/or the high rate I was paying, I was given a Spectacular room.I thought the room was great overall. Very spacious and comfortable. My only two complaints were that the toilet was in a tiny tiny room off the bathroom, and the desk chair was a little worn and uncomfortable (I was doing some late-night work on my computer).I stopped by reception on the way out to get a new printout of my statement reflecting my minibar purchase, and that was handled very efficiently too.Bottom line -- the Spectacular room was great. Judging from the other reviews here, I would stay away from the Wonderful rooms. This was also a low-maintenance stay for me (check-in, work on the internet, sleep, check-out), so I had no service issues.I would stay here again if in the Loop on business.	
Apr 30 2007 	Not bad not great	Stayed for two nights in late March. 1st night was in a Wonderful room--very small with my wife and I sharing a full sized bed. Bathroom is more of a lavatory. We asked and were upgraded the following night to a MUCH nicer room (Spectacular?). Good size, comfortable bed and couch, adequate space for 2 people to unpack their bags. Decor is nice. Workout facility also good. A nice but not spectacular stay. We have had better luck with the Westin brand in general.	
Apr 28 2007	Avoid this place	Afraid I have to agree with many of the other reviews on here--I would not stay here again. I'm a Starwood fanatic (Platinum status) and despite that it's not worth the points. Tiny rooms, horrible old bathrooms, views into an interior shaftway, yet still somehow noisy. At check-in (11 at night, flight delayed, starving...) the assistant kept saying &quot;hold on a moment&quot; and would disappear--3 different times--and after half an hour handed me a room key. I was excited that she had managed to arrange some kind of amazing upgrade but, NO, she just took 30 minutes to check me in.The lobby scene is disappointing. My advice to anyone thinking of this hotel is either stay at the W Lakeshore or, my new favorite, the Hard Rock Hotel (much nicer than you would think--how Ws should be).	
Apr 18 2007 	Tiny room overpriced noisy lobby	I have a client in the Loop who recommended W as a convenient hotel within walking distance of the office. That is was, but there was nothing else to recommend it. My room was clean, at least, but tiny. I had to throw the rug out of the bathroom to get the door to close, and I had to close the door to use the sink because there was no place else to stand. I could only get the shower diverter valve to work by wedging a bar of soap under it (the only bar of soap provided, btw). The lighting in the room was barely adequate; the halls &amp; lobby are (intentionally, I guess) dim. Loud music pervaded the public spaces, so much so that I was not tempted to visit the restaurant. The staff was unhelpful. And they charge for internet access.	
Mar 28 2007 	Not coming back	I have stayed at this hotel several times over the past 5 years with average to above average experiences. This past stay was the last. My husband and I checked in only to find that they did not have the non-smoking room we reserved. Much to my disliking, we went ahead and agreed to take the smoking room. Management said they would &quot;take care of us&quot;. Ha! They gave us a card for 2 drinks in their lounge. Normally, I would have just let this go...but then I woke up with red bumps all over my legs, arms and neck. Went home and to the doctor, yep- BED BUGS!! GROSS and totally unacceptable for a hotel that bears the starwood name. I paid 350/night for bed bugs and smoky pillows.	
Mar 13 2007	Gotta Love the W	We visited Chicago in October 2004 when we were in town for the Chicago Marathon. I believe we booked our room via discount internet outlet, but cannot be sure of which one, so I hesitate to name it here. This particular W Hotel's location (Chicago City Center) could not have been more fantastic for pur purpose-- we were within a few blocks of the start/finish line. But it was also a fabulous location for simply exploring the city-- we were easily able to walk a few blocks to the train, to local shopping (the historic Marshall Field's, now a Macy's), and to Michigan Avenue, with the gorgeous parks and best public art in the world! The Sears tower was minutes away in the opposite direction. Our room was absolutely tiny, but very cute and comfortable. The service at the hotel was amazing, as to be expected, and the concierge was nice enough to recommend and book a massuer for my bfriend after the marathon :) If I ever have unlimited funds, I will definitely look into staying at the W again!	
Mar 9 2007	Not so bad	I wasn't expecting very much from this hotel, both from the reviews and because I'm not a fan of the generally dim/loud W ambiance, but had a decent experience here.First impressions were not great - the door staff seems a bit unclear on the concept of what door staff is actually supposed to do. The cab driver and I had to unload and juggle my luggage in the freezing cold as the first doorman I saw stood inside the all glass outer lobby doors 15 feet away and watched us. He was nice enough to open the door - staying inside - as I finally approached it. He did not open the second set of doors - two additional door staff just inside those doors smiled nicely, but didn't open those doors or offer to take my bags. Perhaps they were all just decorative to add to the &quot;club&quot; ambiance? Check-in was easy, and service throughout the rest of the stay was fine - friendly and professional.The lobby was dim and loud as I had expected - it's not particularly my style, but for a business district hotel, it had probably the liveliest social scene around. The hallways were ridiculously dim - possibly to hide the horrendously scuffed wallpaper?Where this hotel really redeemed itself was the room. It was a nice, medium size (not bad for a downtown business hotel at all), and was well-lit, well-furnished, comfortable and clean. The bathroom was quite large and nicely furnished, albeit with a public bathroom-style toilet. The linens were extremely nice, and the bed was very comfortable (if soft). The hotel is on the same block as the El, but the El wasn't loud enough to be annoying.Best of all, I checked in late, and the room service menu at 11pm was still extensive - the not-too-expensive burger I ordered arrived quickly and was astonishingly tasty, especially for hotel food. Cocktails (including a very good mojito), are also available via room service, which was a nice little surprise.There aren't many hotels directly in the business district where I needed to be - notwithstanding the glitches, I'll likely return if I need to be in the same neighborhood.	
Feb 27 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!! --Thieves are at Work here!	I was excited to be staying at the W Chicago City Center, especially after being upgraded to a suite, due to Starwood Platinum status. However, within a few short hours, I was ready to leave. Within 4 hours of checking in, after coming back from lunch and visiting the Art Institute, my partner and I walked in to our 12th Floor suite, only to discover that both of our computer bags and laptop and contents in each were gone. One bag was a Tumi computer briefcase, which had been a Christmas gift and this was the first time it was being used. There was no signs of forced entry, so obviously it was an inside job. I have stayed at lots of upper-tier hotels but never have I had a theft from my locked hotel room. Many times I have gone out and left my laptop opened up on the desk and housekeepers have cleaned around it. I was completely shocked, as you would not expect this from a $200 +/night hotel. This theft of two laptops and computer bags and other miscellaneous content topped $5,000. The first Security representative from the hotel that took our report was courteous, apologetic, and helpful. However, the Director of Security for the hotel didn't improve our perceptions of the hotel, as he explained in great detail that he was new to this hotel and he was having issues with his ID accessing the room key audit. He would then have to wait another day till management could get his ID reset, etc, etc. We certainly didn't feel safe and secure in a hotel where its Director of Security was having issues with his own ID. Salawi, the Night Mgr, was very accomodating, even lending us a laptop to use during our stay. Mr. Caramucci, the Operations Manager, did file a claim with their insurance and later we did get partial compensation for our loss. To begin with, even the representative for their insurance was very cold and unapologetic, after taking 3 days for her to call me back. She even tried to infer that it was our fault, since we had not locked our laptops in the hotel's safe. In this hotel, our laptops would not fit into the safe, much less an entire computer bag. When you are staying in a hotel especially one of this stature, you should have enough trust in their security, that you can leave a bag, while you are out of the room. Needless to say, I did not feel that my Starwood Platinum status was redeeming itself now.My comments about the hotel are rather consistent with the other reviews here. It is a nice lobby in terms of decor, but that is about it! You walk in and instantly you feel like you're in a nightclub(even at 8 AM) with techno music playing at all hours, a strobe light projecting images along the walls. To me, it is not a soothing and comfortable environment. Give me the Ritz Carlton anyday!! At nights, the lounge crowd consumes the entire lobby and you feel like you are in a reunion of drunk sorority sisters, all trying to out-talk and out-dress the other, making it impossible to carry on a conversation without having to scream at one another. The hallways are very dark and almost impossible to see in front of you. Even the rooms are dimly lit as well. One of my bathrooms was so dark, it was even frustrating to take a shower. Please heed my warnings, do not stay here!! I certainly will never go back to this hotel.	
Feb 20 2007 	Everything was Perfect!	My boyfriend and I stayed a night at the W and from the moment we got there we had a perfect experience. We arrived a couple of hours before check in, but they allowed us to check in anyhow, and even upgraded our room. With the exception of our hotel room door, we never once opened a door or lifted a finger while we were at the W. The employees were all friendly and helpful. Every time we used valet, the service was prompt and courteous. I would definitely stay again at this hotel.	
Feb 20 2007	Great stay!	I was a little apprehensive after ready some of the reviews for this hotel, but was glad I went through with the stay. Found the staff helpful. Front desk gave us an upgraded room, usually not possible when booked at a discounted rate. We had a corner room with a king size bed. The room size was a pleasant surprise for an older downtown hotel. Very comfortable. The bed was incredible. Probably one of the nicest beds I have every sleep on during a hotel stay. Hotel was clean and the lobby area was incredible. Open space, great decor with plenty of comfortable seating available. The kind of lobby you make a point to hang out in for a few drinks before you head out for dinner.	
Jan 23 2007	Whatever Whenever is on their terms	I stayed there with my boyrfriend for business and have to say that the service is horrible. The hotel is chic and the employees greet you with a smile, but that is about all you get. There is nothing behind the smiles and design of the hotel. The hotel messed up on delivering messages, in-room massages, and room service just to mention a few things. All-in-all, there motto &quot;Whenever Whatever,&quot; is based on the hotel. There motto should be slightly changed to, I will listen to whatever I want to, and come through with the arrangement whenever I want to. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 3 2007 	Party at the W Hotel in Chicago...Lakeshore	My wife and I are no strangers to the W Hotels and are accustomed to the decor, people, and club like atmosphere a stay at a W Hotel offers. We were booked at the City Center but immediately knew upon arrival that this was not the W we are so used to. We immediately requested to transfer to the W Lakeshore and we were well taken care of. The W staff was very accommodating and to that I give them kudos! While we were only in the Spectacular room for only minutes, the decor was very &quot;W&quot;-esque. Given the location, this W caters more to a business clientele I do not suggest this W for weekenders or out-of-towners. For a party atmosphere and more convenient location to &quot;touristy things&quot;, stay at the W Lakeshore.	
Dec 15 2006 	This place is a dump.	This W is a dump. It seems as though they have some severe service/management/upkeep issues.The rooms are small--not &quot;hotel in the city&quot; small, but Times Square Hotel in the City Small. (The room 10' wide and was no more than 180 square feet). The bathroom was extremely tiny, as I sat on the toilet my foot had to rest on the metal doorstop. But that's the least of their problems.The shower didn't drain, and I didn't want to take a bath. So I ended up taking a shower in water that got to be over 6&quot; deep... My SO had to take a shower in my dirty shower water, and it never drained so the bathtub was probably over half full by the time all was said and done. I told the maid (who came and knocked on our door at 9, even though we were only staying one day and had requested a late check out--something a good hotel would make note of and not bother interrupting you over) but by then I had already showered and didn't care, and it sounded like it would be more hassle so we told her not to go get someone. Upon checkout they didn't do anything for our troubles.The bathroom didn't seem to have a fan, just a vent grate in the door... So there was little in the way of privacy there. There was a heater in the bathroom, but when turned on it made the place smell like a smokey bar, even though it was a non-smoking room we were in.There was no room service menu in our room, just a &quot;Dining In&quot; book... But then there was a Room Service button on our phone, so I'm pretty sure they did have regular room service. We ordered breakfast, it took 45 minutes to get our order, then it came and it wasn't correct. They serve potatoes but didn't bring ketchup. They serve toast but didn't bring BUTTER? How can room service not bring butter for toast? It was $48 for an omelet/potatoes/toast, 2 scrambled eggs/bacon/potatoes/toast, and one orange juice. And it wasn't even good, neither of us finished eating even half of it.The room wasn't wide enough to have the TV in front of the bed, it was off to the side and didn't really pull out/rotate so you could watch it head on... (BTW, someone else on here complained about it, but not having FOX News on their channel lineup is a good thing as far as I'm concerned.... ). If they really were as hip as they think they are, they could have easily put a flat panel TV on the wall in front of the bed...The lobby space is very architecturally pleasing; the hallways are filled with the wafting smell of gardenia, which I like.... I really like the design they have going on, it is very trendy and works well. They even found a way to make the drop ceiling in the room look really nice.The door man didn't bother to open the door for me as I was walking out, he just stood there watching... (maybe I'm being prissy, but he IS a door man, and he wasn't doing anything at the time, and he was standing right in front of the door).We were told wifi Internet was actually $25/day to use (which includes free calls, too... something I could care less about) not $15... Either way it's overpriced.The rooms were very loud. Every noise in the hallway, upstairs hotel room, adjacent room, outside cars, el, etc were heard. Parking is $38 which is high but is probably fairly average for hotel rates, even though garages in the area aren't more than $20/day.I'm never staying here again, and will highly recommend against it to anyone who asks. And if you do go, avoid room 609... As cute as it sounds, it's just bad news! I hope not all W Hotels are like this one. Insanity reigns at the W City Center.	
Dec 15 2006 	All glitz little substance	Although I found my room to be of adequate size and comfort, several strange things that happened during my stay marred my visit. I was there 5 nights in all, and on my second night there I woke up to hear a quick knock on my door, and then heard the door opening! Luckily I had the security latch on, but it was the maid &quot;checking my room&quot;! At 10:15 p.m.? Very strange and unnerving for a single woman staying alone in a hotel. The next night, although I set the room thermostat at 65 degrees, I woke about 2 a.m. to find the temperature spiking to about 78 degrees, for no apparent reason! The last straw was when I checked my credit card online today and found that they had charged me $10.50, apparently for the &quot;honor bar&quot;! I had not used anything, so called, and it was supposedly for a (very expensive) bottle of water! After I told accounting that I would dispute the charge on my credit card, they agreed to remove it. I also found the lobby area with the disco ball going at all times to be pretentious and distracting, and as others have stated, the lighting in the corridors to be very dim, especially near the elevator. Would not choose to stay here again.	
Dec 10 2006	Excellent	The W Chicago is an excellent accommodation choice inside the Loop. The W Hotels brand is best known for contemporary properties and hip designs. That is a standard. I found this particular hotel warm and inviting. The food and drink were delicious. The staff is well informed and attentive. The &quot;Spectacular&quot; guest rooms (and bathroom) are large and well appointed. The W Chicago is a creative reincarnation of a historic structure. I am already eager to stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 8 2006 	Vastly overrated!	We -- eight colleagues and myself -- were in Chicago end of November for a 6-day business stay and we all stayed at the W Hotel on West Adams St. Our ages range from 26 to 55 years old. There wasn't a one of us who was NOT annoyed and displeased with this hotel for many reasons. None of us had a positive thing to say about it, except that it was possible to check out and leave. The overall interior design is as tacky and pretentious as can be imagined. When you walk into the lobby, you think you are walking into a Las Vegas disco. There is a mirrored ball circling day and night. Various garishly colored LED lights everywhere. The color schemes used throughout the hotel are otherwise extremely dark and just plain ugly. In fact, the entire design looks like a cheap imitation of Las Vegas -- as if Las Vegas itself weren't a cheap imitation.There is disco music blasting in the lobby and elevators 24/7. Why do they impose this on guests who have a wider variety of tastes? Why not just keep it quiet? Enough of us have our own music in iPods etc, we know what we want to hear and don't want the hotel to dictate their taste to us! High-Speed internet access in the rooms is a rip-off $15 per 24 hours. There is no better deal for stays of multiple days. WiFi is free in the lobby, but then you must listen to *their* choice of loud music. The rooms themselves are ridiculously small: The closets are so shallow, that it is impossible to hang up shirts/jackets in there and still close the door. There is no chest of drawers. There is about 18 inches space between the bed and most walls, so if you want to get at your clothes, you must do so from the suitcase. And to get into your suitcase, you must put it on top of the bed -- that's how cramped these little cells are. Never again. Next year it will be the boring Embassy Suites again, with its spacious rooms and breakfast included. And a much better location to boot.	
Dec 5 2006 	Not worth it	If you're going to stay at a W in Chicago, head to the Lake Shore. The City Center location has postage-stamp sized rooms that are loud and cold. I would not stay at the W in City Center again.	
Nov 26 2006 	Funky Vibe but small noisy room	Just came back from a one night stay from W City Center in Chicago. The hotel is in a great spot right across the Sears Tower. Bell hop was not friendly when we decided to take our own bags in, definately snubbed us when we wanted him to hail us a cab. Reception were very friendly though and couldn't do enough. Gave us maps and details to get to the Magnificent Mile Lights Festival which was on that evening.I have to say that the reception area/ lobby is absolutely fantastic, its just like the set for a music video and as you would expect is propped up with model like characters draping themselves over the furniture.The room was small and even though it was away from the El trains was still very noisy. It was nicely refurbished but it was rather a thin veneer. If you take a look at the ceiling you can see that they have just painted the polystyrene tiles to match in. The TV Armoir took up the whole room and the TV reception was very poor. Surely all TV's should be replaced with LCD's by now.There was a huge bottle of Voss water next to the bed which wasn't clear it was complimentry so we left it just in case! Great tea and coffee making facilities were included which was great and unusual in american hotels.Bed was comfortable but was only a queen size, would have preferred a king. I think it was called a 'wonderful' room. The hotel did have a rather overstyled feel to it which grated after a feel but it was fine for one night.The breakfast was marvelous in the WE restaurant and I thorougly recommend it however most american breakfast ARE fantastic to us Brits.As a whole I would choose 'W' again but it is not my favourite mid luxury chain. That would be Sofitel...	
Oct 30 2006 	Cramped quarters at the W	We booked a weekend through priceline.com for 175$ a night- a savings of over 100$ from the advertised rate. Positives: good location, helpful staff, clean and quiet rooms with good bath amenities. Negatives: room size too small, bed uncomfortable- too soft, thermostat unusuable as it was reachable but unviewable because the entertainment center cabinet was wedged up against it. If you paid the advertised rate for this hotel I don't think too many people would feel very satsified with what they get. 175$ a night is about right- considering the location.	
Oct 28 2006 	Highly Recommend the W	Our stay at the W was great. We were in town for the Chicago Marathon so the location worked well for the walk to Grant Park. The room was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was a nice size with Bliss products. The staff was exceptional in helping us with dinner reservations, giving directions, even suggesting and scheduling a massage after the race. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. We would stay at the W again.	
Oct 27 2006 	Dark and disappointing	As a young cosmopolitan couple (or so we like to think!), we always try and stay in minimalist boutique-type hotels whenever we are on vacation in large cities. We like to try and avoid the impersonal chain hotels and were hoping that the W would provide just this, whilst still having a great downtown location and excellent service.I cannot express just how dark and depressing the W is. You can't argue that the place tries to be stylish but from the moment you enter the hotel, it feels so claustrophobic and as if you are stepping into a dark nightclub in the middle of the day. I was craving daylight so badly that at times I couldn't face the idea of going back along the black corridors to my dimly lit room.I think that if you pay for anything more than a standard level room, it would be a little bigger but our room was very small compared to other excellent hotels we have tried in Chicago city centre. The bathroom was a sqeeze to say the least. A lot of reviewers have said that the staff are helpful. They are polite and attentive but no more so than other places we have stayed in the past. It is such a shame than this overpriced hotel did not live up to our expectations. In summary, it is pure style over substance.	
Oct 24 2006 	A taste of a different life	A quick note to say that whilst this hotel isn't within my normal price range, travelling through work allowed me to stay there. It was simply superb. Everything from decor to the in-room amenities is thought about in a different way. Attention to detail was excellent, the overall hotel (rooms included) was very stylish, and every member of hotel staff I came into contact with was more than helpful.	
Oct 22 2006 	Loved The W	Reading other reviews, I was hesitant to stay at this hotel....but due to the Chicago Marathon going on the same weekend we were there, we were lucky to get ANY room in the area. And, we really were lucky! The hotel is a fine, old, architecturally interesting place. The lobby welcoming and beautiful. The staff were EXCEPTIONAL, attentive to our every need. We really enjoyed the culturally diverse staff. Check in was fast and the clerk (Salawi (sp?) from Botswana) was just fantastic. The concierge, James, helped us throughout our stay with our multiple change of plans and excellent advice. Housekeeping, room service, even the engineering department (we needed a screw driver for a kid's toy!) were immediately accessible and helpful. Our room was on the 20th floor - not much view due to the high buildings all around - but very clean, spacious and comfortable. The 2 double beds were very plush and comfy, we had more than enough room for a roll out bed as well. But again, I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel with friendlier or more helpful staff, and lots of staff everywhere you want them to be. Easy walking distance to everything we wanted to do. Would stay again in a heartbeat!	
Oct 10 2006 	Other reviews are accurate	I always read the Trip Advisor reviews and then approach my stay with an open mind. As with so many other reviews, the lobby and halls are indeed VERY dark--too dark to be 'chic' and dark enough to make me uncomfortable. The rooms and bathrooms are VERY, VERY small--the one double bed took up 80% of the room. The toiletries are nice. The front desk staff was always prompt, helpful and courteous. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and went out of his way to make a dinner reservation for us that would work with our Opera schedule. Our room was on the 7th floor and faced the rear of the building and you could still hear the &quot;L&quot;. I give high marks to the staff but disliked the darkness of the place and felt it was overrpiced given the size of the rooms and the location--not much around there other than the Sears Tower. The Opera House is about a 5 block walk which was a plus for us as this was the reason we were in town.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great staff ok rooms	My husband and I spent three nights in September at the W City Center Hotel for our anniversary. Although we are fans of the W Hotel chain in general, we booked this room because we got a great $179/night AAA rate. The location is fair. It is in the business area of the Loop and is VERY quiet on the weekends. The rooms are dark as described in previous reviews. I asked for a room facing the street facing the inner courtyard as I thought this would result in a light filled room. However, the room was still dark because of the tall buildings surrounding the hotel. It was nicely decorated and the bathroom was a good size with Bliss products. The best part was the bed which is very plush and cozy. The staff was also exceptionally friendly from check-in, concierge, and housekeeping. Overall, I would choose to stay in a hotel next time closer to the river or the Mag Mile. I felt a little isolated at the City Center but the price of $179/night could not be beat.	
Sep 20 2006 	Awesome....	My wife and I have stayed at different &quot;W&quot; locations several times over the last couple of years. This past weekend was our 10 year anniversary and we decided to shoot up to Chicago and crank it up a bit. The W City Center did NOT disappoint one bit. The GM and his staff are first rate and made our stay one for the memory books. Could have not asked for better customer service and hospitality. We'll be back.	
Sep 4 2006 	There are better choices than the W.	This is a hotel that is trying to be a nightclub. The Bad:It's a dark place, done in shades of blacks and browns and dark plum. The lobby of my floor is so dark that I had trouble finding the elevators until I learned what to watch for. The room is approximately 14 x 9 -- dinky by any standard for the $240/night price tag they put on it. It comes with no microwave, no guest refrigerator, and &quot;optional&quot; internet access at $15/day. Furniture consists of the queen-sized bed, a small black nightstand, a black desk with no drawers that looks like it came from Ikea, and a huge TV stand stuffed with condiments the hotel wants you to buy. There is no room for anything else in this room.If you get the side facing the El then you will hear that noise all day and all night. You will also hear noise from the lobby and from your neighbors quite clearly.The restaurant is serves food that is fair to good, but does not justify the sky-high prices. There are better choices to be found around town, both from price and quality perspectives.The Good:Central to downtown Chicago. Close access to the El and to buses and taxis. Courteous front desk clerks and an exceptionally personable bartender. To Net It Out:I will not stay here again, and have instructed my travel management company to that end. What this hotel offers is not what I expect for four-star prices. I would rate it closer to two stars. I do not recommend it unless you like dark, cramped places.	
Aug 25 2006 	Edgy	Walking into the W, you immediatly notice that they're going for a cool, trendy, edgy vibe. It's very different from most hotels. The lobby area, or &quot;lving room&quot; as they call it, is 2-story, dark, with techno music and constant video displays on 2 walls. I actually liked it alot, but some people at the conference I was attending did not. The staff is young and uniformly helpful and accommodating. I read some reviews on here before going which led me to believe that they would be snobby but I didn't find that to be the case at all. It's an old building from the 20s so that means it has some beautiful architectural features -- our meeting room was fabulous! But also leads to some variation in rooms. My first room was small, dark, and worst of all the air conditioning did not seem to be working so it was hot. After a couple of calls, I got moved to a much nicer room that was larger, lighter, and cooler. Many of the people at my conference were saying that their rooms were small, so watch out for that. The hallwasy are very dark, I'm not sure why. Part of the atmosphere I guess. It's light enough to see, just different from what you're used to. Very comfortable beds, bedding, nice bath products (Bliss). I thought it was kind of expensive, probably wouldn't stay here again because of that and the location, but I did like it. It's located in the financial district so mostly surrounded by office buildings. You have to walk several blocks to get to most shopping and restaurants. It is pretty close to the Art Institute. I'd rather stay on north Michigan Ave. W has another location on Lakeshore Drive, too.	
Aug 22 2006	OKish	Well arrived in Chicago......... and entered the stunning lobby of the W........ it looks fantastic........ quickly processed our booking from a very friendly receptionist....... up to our room........ it was awful....... tiny, dark, little natural light, a ghastly small bathroom that felt grubby! It was such a depressing small room....... and for $325. We decided we could not &quot;cope&quot; with this room so we called down to the main desk...... the person we spoke to was not very friendly or sympathetic. We called back to say we stay at W hotels alot so after telling them this and taking a hard line approach that we were leaving if not re-assigned a better room..... success....... the hotel was full that night but they would move us to another better room tomorrow. They did........ the new room was much more spacious and really quite pleasant. The staff are in general wonderfully friendly ( esp. Amber &amp; Gus ) The bar is very relaxing and breakfast good though expensive. I like W Hotels, though this isn't their best example, i had an enjoyable stay eventually!	
Aug 17 2006	Not up to W standards...Needs refreshing!!!	I've always considered W hotels to be hip, chic, modern and immaculate. And I'm sure when the W Chicago City Center first opened it was new and fresh. But now it's time for it to be refreshed. The room I was in looked extremely shabby (paint chipping from walls/ac unit, dingy carpet, etc.). Shabby chic almost works when you have a classically styled hotel but it does not work for modern! But, I will admit that the service was great and the common areas were festive, consistent with most W's I've been to.	
Aug 3 2006 	Shabby disguised as chic	We stayed at the W City Center for three nights on a very busy weekend in Chicago -two adults and a teen. On arrival, we were greeted by a lobby bursting with people. Not an empty seat in the place. Kids were running, babies were crying and there was luggage everywhere. The lobby is dark, decorated like a nightclub, with candles burning and loud music playing. Navigating this confusion, we went to check in. We were greeted warmly but unfortunately, our room wasn’t ready. This was five in the afternoon. We were hot and tired from traveling, so the desk person offered a room to shower in. Grateful, we accepted, so we saw our first room. It was gloomy, miniscule and dark. After showering there, we continued to wait for OUR room. At last, we checked in only to be dismayed by what we found. Another TINY room. We were barely able at walk between the miniature double bed and the desk. When we called downstairs to ask for the two beds we had reserved, we were told, &quot;Sorry, full tonight. Maybe tomorrow?&quot; Misery. The bathroom was literally so small that your knees hit the door when you sat on the toilet.However, the most unsettling part of our stay was the rowdy behavior of the fellow guests. Is this a nightclub or a hotel? We got on the elevator with a group of twenty somethings. They had clearly been drinking. The “ladies” were carrying dark plastic drink glasses shaped like a phallus which they chose to discuss in graphic detail. My husband almost lost his temper with the young “gentlemen” of the group who felt that making jokes about their toy in an elevator filled with adults was appropriate behavior. Yuck!I don’t think a hotel can be all things to all people, so the W was not a pleasant experience for us. But if you like your nightlife in the lobby and on the elevator, this is the place for you.	
Aug 2 2006 	service is cold	We stayed here one Friday night in July.The ROOM: Yes, they are smaller than the rooms in the Sheraton(Chicago)where I stayed the weekend before. The king-size bed we had was good, but not great. The bed was not firm enough and the sheets were not as creamy soft . The room overall was fine, but I had this sense that it could have been cleaner. The walls were stained with dirt. I felt like washing my hands all the time, which I did with the BLISS soap! The room we had faced Adams street and we had no noise or light problems. THE SERVICE: We asked for two pairs of slippers so that we wouldn't have to walk on the carpet, which looked really old. We waited about 20 minutes, and they only brought up one pair.THE PRICE: We paid $159 per night, not including tax through their website.OVERALL: My husband liked the dark room and the non-corporate feel of the lobby. I felt that the furnishings and decor looked shabby. The service is fine, if somewhat slow. The only real downer was the guy who checked us in. He acted like he was doing us a favor. I would not make a huge effort to stay here again. Maybe the deluxe rooms are nicer.	
Jul 24 2006 	Upscale but too many downsides at the 'W'	I checked out all the hotels listed on Trip Advisor carefully before booking a Saturday night stay at the 'W'. Frankly, I was a little worried (not all the reviews were glowing) and it cost more than we wanted to spend, but we liked the location.It has some wonderful features, but a lot of bad points too.Yes, the lobby and hallways are dark. We're talking VERY DARK! Anyone with vision problems does not want to navigate through this place! After the hustle and bustle of the city, it does feel restful, but having people suddenly appear out of the darkness makes you a bit edgy!The rooms themselves were well lit. I liked the minialistic decor -- including the pillow shaped like a giant plum on the bed! My husband wasn't quite as impressed. But, we agreed the mattress was probably the most comfortable we've ever slept on (and if you simply &quot;must&quot; have one, there's a gift catelog where you can order anything in your room!). One of the window blinds didn't work and the cost of the in-room wireless connection was prohibitive, but we all agreed the room was pleasant.BUT, a couple major concerns:We had reserved two rooms and I confirmed it personally the night before. But when we arrived, they only had one room for us. After some tense moments, they gave us a handicap accessible room (much roomier than the other standard room but had a shower that flooded the bathroom floor), but it was located on the opposite side of the hotel from our friends. Disappointing.Do not eat in the restaurant unless you have lots of time and money. For both dinner and breakfast we were the only people in the dining room, but each meal took almost two hours. The food was good -- but very over-the-top and ghastly expensive. My small bowl of oatmeal at breakfast was $8.00!! A safety concern:Because this room only had one bed, we ordered a roll-away cot for our son. While my family went sightseeing, I laid down for a bit (I locked the door, but didn't bolt it). Suddenly, without a knock or a &quot;yoo hoo!&quot;, the door burst open and an employee with the cot just walked right in! He was as shocked to see me curled up in bed as I was to see him! He apologised for not knocking (&quot;I didn't think anyone would be here&quot;), but it was scary! Yes, I should've bolted the door, but come on, management -- teach your people to knock!We all agree -- the 'W' was nice and has a lot of potential. But there were too many downsides for the money. We won't stay there again.	
Jul 17 2006	W is great!	When you live in nowheresville, Indiana (ha ha) you stay at the best anytime you get the chance. Well, for my birthday we decided to go to the Cubs/Sox game and got a set of rooms at the W Chicago - City Center. Since we had 3 people in our room we were given a handicapp room. The room was clean, well lit, and large. The bathroom was also large which might be because it was a handicapp room the water (to me atleast) was cold when I wanted it cold and hot when I wanted it hot. The beds were large and very comfortable due to the downy bedding. The art deco decor of the hotel continues to the rooms with large b&amp;w photos on the walls. The only thing that was disappointing about the room was that the &quot;view&quot; that was supposed to come with our room was of the courtyard (no yard involved just a wet cement floor). The lobby was one of the most amazing rooms I've ever seen with dim lighting to go along with the art deco theme. The staff, in genreal, were very kind and helpful. The concierge was very helpful with directions, advice on what to see, etc.The only bad thing was that there were no vending machines...but everything was in sale in your room...for a lot more money.The on-site restraunt I found to be wonderful. Since I am from nowhere Indiana a 4-star restraunt is a new experience. I loved the &quot;modern Tuscan&quot; idea but it would have been nice to have the chance to get a steak without a marinade/crust (though I do recommend the herb garlic crust). The meal for 5 of us was approx. 250-300 dollars. When we went back for Breakfast...hows almost 200 sound...but I've never had Salmon for breakfast before (ha). The food was very good and since this was probably a once-in-a-lifetime thing we can't complain.The cost to park your car was rediculous...either pay 40 bucks a day or try and find your own spot. we did get a thing of complementary water for the car though (atleast I hope it was complementary I havent seen the bill).Overall, I thought it was a pretty good hotel, though they have a little work to do.	
Jun 21 2006 	Great W - Ideal for Business Trip	I don't know where the former reviewers are getting their impressions. This W may not be a Four Seasons, and note, it's an older property (hence you very occasionally hear the plumbing from another room, etc.) but it's a great stay.If you want to avoid any pitfalls, here's are two things to consider: 1) Join Starwood Preferred. This really makes a difference with respect to upgrades and overall treatment in a W, Westin or Sheraton. 2) Email the general manager -- the address is on confirmation -- and make a request. Because of both I got a lovely, large room that appeared to have been renovated - and maybe soundproofed. I didn't hear a peep and the hotel was full.On service, this hotel was top notch. After checking in, I got a call from the front desk, asking if everything was satisfactory. Room service was always delivered when stipulated and everyone whom I encountered kept asking, &quot;is there anything I can do, providing a name to call on.&quot; Pretty impressive.So far as amenities, the bed is great. (I can't really tell the difference between Starwood's Westin Heavenly, the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper -- maybe a little firmer -- and the W version.) Also, the Bliss products in the bathroom are very nice - better than the standard fare or even Aveda.I would highly recommend this hotel. The W is not for everyone - some may not like the hip, techno music, that blares after 5 - but it's and outstanding if not a bit pricey stay.	
May 8 2006	Below Expectations	My girlfriend and I checked-in for a one-night stay at this hotel.Yes - the rooms are small and the hallways are dark.The comforter was unclean - very visible stain present. Although I travel and know what most comforters are like, this appeared to be over and above the typical comforter that is used over and over again. Not sure how a maid could not see such a stain while making the bed.Next - if you do stay at this hotel (or any other W) - BEFORE you drink the water from the trendy bottle of in-room water - check the seal. The seal on our bottle was cracked. Though the seal on our bottle was broken, the bottle had been refilled and made to look like it was a fresh bottle of water. (I guess some inconsiderate cheapskate who previously used the room didn't want to pay for the water he drank...and possibly wanted to make the next person sick. Nice try, loser.) We didn't drink it and I did bring it to the attention of the front desk. And although they did send two new bottles up - but we didn't get so much as an apology.Next time your in the area, take a pass on this W.	
May 5 2006 	Dark vs. Light and the ironies thereof	I stayed at the NYC 'W' a few years ago, and they are very 'trendy.&quot; The first impression on entering the lobby is &quot;dark.&quot; They use lot of candles for &quot;mood lighting&quot; I guess, and it's sort of hip, but was hard to see coming in from outside. They had little cups of juice at the registration desk, but I thought they were unlit candles at first. The corridors are also very dark. This Chicago W is an older refurbished hotel, and the rooms are very small, including the bathroom. I was only one, but if I'd had my spouse w/ me, we would have been bumping into each other. The bathroom reminded me of being on a boat. Sink was very small, and not enough room to put your toiletries on. Shower head was very weird - kept getting water up my nose. The bed was very comfy, however, though not a comfy as I remembered in the NYC W. Lots of pillows and a featherbed. The main problem I had with the room was I couldn't get it dark enough at night - ironic considering this hotel seems to love the dark otherwise. There was a window that had an opaque shade that you could see through, and a roman shade over that, but the roman shade only covered about half the window. I need complete dark to sleep, and there was no black-out shade, so I had to sleep with a pillow over my head to block out the lights from the street. A complimentary sleep mask would have been nice, or at least a way to pin towels over the window opening. The W is in a good location, however, so it does have that going for it. The doormen were very nice. Didn't eat there, so have no opinion about the food. The towels and bedding were nice, as were the toiletries. The decor in my room was over-masculine, consisting of shadow boxes with items like silver cigarette lighter, cigar case, flask, etc. I got a gov't rate of $152, and I thought that was a little pricey.	
Apr 19 2006	Why is it this dark at two in the afternoon??	Stayed at the W for a long weekend in April 2006. Got a great deal off of Orbitz, $468 for airfare from Philly and 3 nights at the W. Location: I found the location to be excellent. You are a block from the Sears Towers, a block from Giordano's (which is an excellent place to eat), and there's a McDonald's on the corner. The L is 20 feet away and you are close to the big Marshall Fields store.Check-in: Didn't get a good impression here. The bellhops held the doors, we walked in and OH MY GOD everyone working there is a size 2 and wearing skimpy black dresses. Watch for the smell of flowers and perfume to smack you in the face. There are no signs for the front desk. We are getting gawks from the wait staff &amp; the bell boys...is it possible that there could be someone weighing more than 100 pounds in the building? I couldn't hear the girl at the desk checking us in, the music was so loud. Also, the hallways were so dark. Why is it this dark at two in the afternoon? Get some light in those hallways, people! There are shadow boxes of lighters, spades, lipstick containers....they are just trying to hard with this decor. Room: OK, what the heck is with the big stuffed plum on the bed?? The room was itty bitty, it was a Stuart Little room, it was so small, I felt like I was in a walk in freezer. Speaking of freezer...could the room be ANY colder? I'm fat and I am always hot, but I was freezing the whole time in this room. Also, there's no way we had a king size bed. It was a queen at best. The bathroom was a good size, but not enough towels were given. And I agree with the writer who commented on the bottles of Bliss...it's like trying to squeeze an elephant through a lemon. Tough bottles. Room Service: Didn't order any!! HELLO??? $12.00 for caesar salad, plus 19% tax, $3.50 service fee, and $2.50 delivery fee??? McDonald's was calling my name everyday!Basically, I knew this hotel was trendy. I knew there would be beautiful, skinny, flowery people there. But I felt out of place not because I'm not skinny but because I didn't have a drug addiction or an eating disorder. If you stay at this hotel, I think it's a requirement.	
Apr 11 2006 	W - Perfect Business Trip	Finally, a business trip that took me to a real city. How great was it that I snagged a room at the W Center City at the last minute? It made my trip. I have read other reviews of this hotel, some of which appeared to be from people who did not like the trendy aspect of it. I agree. Its trendy. However, if you travel frequently, and are looking for a hotel that keeps you comfortable in your room, and wants you to mingle with others at night in a nice out-of-the-ordinary hotel bar setting? This is your hotel. I checked in around 10 PM on Monday, April 10, 2006. The staff opened the doors for me both when I entered the hotel and left the next morning. The desk clerk was very nice and friendly, although the computer was glitchy. I had no problems communicating with her over the music, which I never found to be overly loud or invasive. After about 10 minutes, I was on my way to my room. I stopped and a waitress offered me a drink. And like previous reviews mention, the wait staff is generally young, attractive, female, and dressed in very short black dresses. Unlike other reviewers, however, I found this to be a plus, not a minus.Upon getting to my room through the dimly lit hallway, which I found to accentuate the mood the hotel is attempting to set, I was given a King room, with dark purple walls. The bed? Best hotel bed I have ever slept in. If you are a bed snob, and hate those hotels with the 70s bedspreads, stay at a W. I wanted to delay my meeting on Tuesday morning just so I could sleep in the bed longer. The TV was big, good channel choices and the furniture was nicer than most hotels I have seen. The bathroom was a good size, and the toiletries were excellent. Also, the showerhead. I have stayed at hotels where the nozzle was so low, it hit me in the stomach. The “rainforest” set up was key, I could actually get the nozzle over my head. The water pressure was fine. As was the water temperature. One other thing, I found that the extras in the room were really well thought out. Proper water and highball glasses, as well as wine glasses, complete with corkscrew. After checking out the room, I went down to the bar to have a beer. The candlelight and music made for a clubby atmosphere which is the exact opposite of every other hotel I stay at which is either full of rowdy locals, snow birds looking for the early bird, or depressed business travelers (depending on what area of the United States I find myself in that week). It was a welcome change from the norm. The bar was crowded, had a good choice of high end alcohol and beer, and the staff was really friendly and engaging. I had a good time just talking to locals, other guests and staff at the bar. The staff gave me some great tips on “after-hours” clubs that were open on Monday night. That was the second time I wanted to bag my Tuesday morning meeting. Alas, all good things had to end, and I was off to my most comfortable bed. In sum, I found that the hotel, and room in particular, were designed for business travelers on the younger side. It was the most refreshing hotel I have stayed in for business in quite sometime. If you dislike the “cookie-cutter” hotels of Marriott and Hilton, I strongly recommend this hotel to you. If you rate hotels by how good the free breakfast is . . . you probably want to stay elsewhere.	
Apr 10 2006	The 'W' needs a change in security staff	The amenities were alright, but they have some serious problems with thier security staff.We had two separate incidents with the security staff during a one night stay at the hotel.In the first incident, two security guards got very nasty with some family members and myself. They were very abusive and I could swear were trying to pick a fight.In the second incident, we were asked to leave the lobby bar area because there was an African American event going on. I asked if it was closed to hotel guests and they said no. We were asked to leave because we were white.	
Apr 3 2006	Wonderful Woom at W	Just got back from W at city center. It was easy to find on Adams street, even though the Dan Ryan is now all torn up for construction. Thank goodness for NAV in the car, or we would have been lost from Yahoo maps I put too much faith in before we left. Pulled right up to the front, as there were maybe 3 men, one for bags, one to take the car and the other to write down info. Was very pleasant, and opened the doors and called us by our last name. Upon entering this hotel,, it resembles that of the pictures. A swanky, Delano South Beach feel, with very ornate, almost contempary art deco feel. One will need to dress to impress, as this hugh lobby, turns into a full service bar/lounge/nightclub at night.Mostly see black on women and the men. Mostly swanky, and artsy.The menu for this area is small, but wonderful. From cheese platters, to european bread and spread. We opted for a bottle of champagne, and first were given 5 chocolate draped strawberries. Thank you, thank you , thank you. My girl freind was in heaven, and what a perfect atmosphere to endulge. There are comfortable lounge couches, and couches in corners, that are very intimate. Lighting is low, but the music was just fine. Service was outstanding. Prices are about 12 per martini, and there is an extensive martini menu. Champagne is $120 to $425. You can also get bottle service for vodka, etc.Prices range from $250 to $700 a bottle. The back bar has King Louis at $200 a shot, but I find this higher than anywhere I have been. Usally goes for $150-170 range. However, the bottle at the bar was half full, so go figure. The elevators are plenty, and are very fast and easy to read numbers. The room access was easy , even with loaded hands. The rooms are a bit dated, small, but I found to be fine. There are dark painted walls, different framed bottles, cigar holders, etc on the walls. The mini bar is well stocked, and the bath is small, but it marble, but well appointed.The room has an iron and board, and a safe. The view we had was not the greatest, but spent most of the day out, and at night, we were out late and slept in. Didn't eat too much there, as we ate at a wonderful sushi rest. in town, called Japanis or Japoniv one of the two. Sorry for the spelling, however I don't recall the name well. That place was plain jamming! It was packed full of young, vibrant people, all still eating late into the night. Made reservations with our concierge, but the earliest we could get in was 9:30. It seemed perfect. I would recommend this hotel again, and am looking forward to trying more &quot;W&quot; hotels again. One more funny thing I noticed, was that the valet answered the phone, not as valet, but as wheels. I guess a play at the &quot;w&quot; theme seen throughout this hotel. Hope all enjoy.	
Apr 2 2006	We Liked it	After reading all of the reviews of the W, my husband and I felt like we were ready for an adventure. And we think we got it. When we pulled up and the bellmen were very helpful-no problem. Front desk gave us a FREE upgrade - SWEET. I mean SUITE. We booked through priceline and paid less than $100. So, we felt we really got a great deal. Loved the bed like everyone else, coffe pot leaks, but hey not on my floor, I figure if they are sick of cleaning up the carpet where coffee stains are they will get new coffee makers. The location was fine for us, went to HOTTIX at Tower records, just a short walk away and got 1/2 price tickets for the only show that was left for that night which was Menapause the Muscical. It was very funny. Took a cab there as we were running late and then took the L back. No problems. State Street Fields is within walking distance as is Nordstrom's rack. Two places I highly recommend for some great deals, and of course FRAGO mints.We ate at the &quot;WE&quot; restaurant and split an entree' which was no problem. Still had our own vegetable, rolls and I opted for a salad which was big enough to share. I had one after dinner drink and our bill was $70. Breakfast was only a short walk to McDonold's to save money. Who doesn't love and egg mcmuffin.So, with all of that being said, depending on what you are looking to do in Chicago; we really liked it. We would normally stay on Michigan Ave. but wanted something new and different, and we got it. We would go back agian for sure.	
Mar 26 2006	All form - no function; It's Pottery Barn once you get past the lobby	I'm a Starwood Preferred traveler who ususally books Westins, but we thought, what the heck and booked this W instead for a weekend in Chicago.First - five bell staff standing around joking with each other, each more glamorous than the next, couldn't be bothered to get our bags, but they did spend a lot of time high-fiving attractive metrosexuals who walked by from the neighborhood.Check In - very nice front desk staff, but the clubby music was booming so loud that we couldn't hear her (at all), and she wasn't able to speak up - so we used hand gestures during most of our check-in conversation.Lobby - is truly spectacular deco architecture with interesting gobo's and light shows layered on top of it.First room - was so small we called down to the front desk and told them we thought we were in an Edgar Allen Poe novel. I literally had a panic attack of claustrophobia. What designer in their right mind would paint the walls of a 10 x 10 room brown and black, and the 9' ceiling black? We did NOT book through expedia or a discount broker, we booked through the Starwood.com site, and I expect that when a room is bizarrely small, the square footage should be listed so the customer can make an informed choice.Front desk moved us right away, and charming and cheerful bellman zipped upstairs to help us. We were moved into a much larger room - but still with the hideous dark paint and chic but incompetently designed lighting. Things that worked: amazing bed and linens, fantastic room service staff, high end bath amenities. Wonderful shower heads. Free, nice coffee in the lobby in the a.m. with convenient to-go cups.Things that were just plain stupid: no phone book or reference materials in the room - you have to call the help line for EVERYTHING. Extra toilet paper is in the hall closet - duh, do you think that's a convenient place when you need it? No hook in the chic bathroom so you have to put your robe down on a wet countertop - not so glamorous. NO VENTILATION IN THE BATHROOM - how romantic it is NOT to have bathroom smells wafting through the room. Most of the furniture was Pottery Barn esque painted the oppressive black. Very difficult to manage temperature in the room - the whole system is centralized and there's no individual control.Overall, Kimpton hotels are just as stylish but much more intelligently designed to actually function and not just look good. My advice - if you need to sleep this stylishly, go to a Kimpton. If you love the groovy lobby of this W hotel, stay someplace else and come here for a drink.	
Mar 20 2006	If I were a vampire I would've called this place home.	I will evaluate this hotel with respect to the following: overall feeling of the hotel, location, quality of room and amenities. To give you perspective on the reason for our visit, my husband and I stayed here for a weekend visit to Chicago.Overall feeling of the hotel – Like others have said, it’s a clubby, lounge type of atmosphere. The W hotel is intended to be trendy, so if you book this hotel, expect that type of atmosphere. The lobby itself is impressive, with extremely high ceilings and modern furniture. In the background you’ll hear lounge/club type music (no matter what time of day), and the entire lobby is dimly lit---just a little bit of light, the rest of the room is illuminated by candles. The lobby looks decently maintained, i.e., it is clean and everything seems to be in good shape (furniture, floor, walls, etc.). The people who work here all dress in black and have earphones to communicate with each other. I think the intended look here is “cool and trendy”—to match the furniture and lighting scheme, though to me it seemed a bit overdone and contrived. The guys out front sometimes open doors for you, sometimes do not, depending on how close they were to the door as you approached. The front desk staff and concierges seem to be friendly and courteous, interested in making sure you have a nice stay. So my first impression is that this hotel had a bit of attitude. Not anything to run away from, but something to keep in mind. Location – ‘The Loop’ is dead during the weekends, as my husband and I have come to find out. You are within walking distance to the elevated rail system (to Midway, which is convenient if you flew in from there), the Sears Tower, the Art Institute, and Millennium Park. That was about it though. If you wanted to go bar-hopping, window shopping, or have more than 1 or 2 choices as far as places to eat, you would have to either take the L, hop a cab, or walk. If you didn’t, you’d be bored out of your mind once evening hit. If you’re only in Chicago for a weekend AND want to explore the city at night (without having to take the L everywhere), I’d suggest booking elsewhere. The neighborhood is a ghost town on the weekends which actually was a bit scary when you factor in the numerous beggars floating through the streets.Quality of Room – The hallways leading to the rooms were way too dark. If I were a vampire, this type of darkness would’ve been perfect. The rooms were tiny, though I was OK with the size—we’re in the city, after all. The room itself was worn down. You could see the paint on the radiator units chipping away and the walls were a bit dirty and worn. The hotel room seemed clean, though it felt dingy---almost like there was a coating of dirt and grime that had been left uncleaned for so long, it just became part of the place. Hard to explain. The lighting was barely adequate. Even with all the lights on (one of which did not work), you still yearned for a bit more light. The bed was extremely comfortable, probably the most comfortable of all hotels I’ve ever stayed at. We had an abundance of pillows too, which for me, was great. There is only one phone in the room, and it is on the desk, which is a walk away from the bed. It would’ve been nice to have a phone on the nightstand table. The walls were paper thin—and if you have a room that can be joined to another, request a different room. My husband and I could make out exact words and phrases of the people in the room next to us. The bathroom was a decent size (relatively speaking), as was the closet. Water pressure (shower) was weak, though that might’ve been because they had that rain spray shower head. The towels were really rough, but plentiful. You get a bathrobe (only 1) to use while you’re there, which is a tad softer than the towels, but not much. Amenities – The coffee maker in the room had a coffee pot that liked to leak out coffee. They offered decaf/reg and various Tazo teas for your consumption, though if you used any of it, they did not replenish or provide you with clean cups, etc. Plus, the coffee maker was not plugged in the first night---and trying to squeeze behind the wall unit to plug it in was not fun though probably comical to watch.The bath amenities were OK. Bliss products were OK, though the containers they came in were too hard for you to squeeze any of the product out. No real complaints there though, they refilled what you needed. Wireless was obnoxiously expensive at $15. We didn’t try room service, but saw the menu and noticed that it was too expensive for room service. We did not use the gym or any other facilities, so we can’t comment to their quality. OH, one more thing. If you buy ‘Hotel VIP’ tix for the Sears Tower from the concierge and are told that you don’t have to wait in line, be advised that the line they are referring to is the actual line to go up the Tower. You still have to wait in line to use the elevator to get up to the ticket booths AND you have to wait in line to get past security, which when we were there, was more than an hour wait. Just thought I’d mention that.CONCLUSION: We booked this through Hotwire at a tremendously discounted rate. As a discount hotel, I’d say this place was barely adequate to OK. However, at the rates they normally charge, I would say steer away from this place. This W is totally undeserving of the higher level hotel classification---it just does not have the quality of rooms/facilities and service to warrant it.	
Feb 20 2006	Hotel like a nightclub	&quot;Hip&quot; hotel. Fun. Clean. Down the street from art museum, right at an El stop. Lobby looks and sounds like a night club, even during the day with disco ball reflections scattered over two-story inner courtyard. Ultra-thin gorgeous waitresses serve drinks to guests on leather couches. Halls and room dark but sophisticated. Front desk quickly had extra lamps delivered when requested. Bathroom and room small but fine. Concierge very helpful with recommendations for tourist sights off the beaten path. Definitely not worth the $250 rack rate but a good buy for the $100/night we paid through discount on-line service for a (very cold) January weekend. If you don't smoke, don't get near the nightclub.	
Feb 16 2006 	W on Valentine's Day	Business forced me onto the road on Valentine's Day and I chose the W City Center because of the proximity to my meeting, but with the fear that it might be busy due to the holiday.I made a specific room request the day before and got a room on 20, away from elevators and vending machines. A nice touch.One thing is that even on 20, I could hear the El rumbling by on Wells. I could only imagine what it's like lower down.	
Feb 9 2006 	Dispite what I had heard I loved it!	I read a lot about this hotel on Trip Advisor, so I was concerned; I'd only ever stayed at the W in New York, and found the rooms cramped and the staff too disinterested in service to be believed. I, however, really liked this hotel. The woman who checked me in was fanastic and friendly -- I was a little concerned because it was very early in the afternoon, say 12:45 or so, so I was sure I wouldn't be able to get a room. I had also read that many of the rooms were quite small, so I made a specific room request.&quot;I have a friend who stayed here and loved room his room, is it available?&quot;&quot;Why yes it is! And it's clean! Please enjoy your stay.&quot;The room was reasonably sized, and the bed was extremely comfortable. It was also quiet, little hall noise save a few slamming doors, the inevitable nighttime sound track of all hotels.Internet was expensive ($15), as was the bar and the restaurant. However, there is a Starbucks a block away, so there is no reason to have breakfast in the hotel.It did feel slow the day I checked in, so maybe I narrowly avoided getting shafted in a poor room, but overall I was very happy. The W has a cool look and feel, and I felt cool staying here!	
Feb 3 2006	Sleeping to a disco whistle	We rented two rooms for two nights. My husband and I upgraded our online booking with an email offering, &quot;for just $40 more you can have the super excellence room&quot;. Our travel companions didn't upgrade and ended up in a room in the back of the hotel with no view and relative silence. We ended up with a room on the 19th floor overlooking the street below where the concierge stood in the street, blowing a whistle non stop to hail cabs. It was December and frigidly cold, a cabbie cannot possibly hear a whistle from his cab with a rolled up window. We complained to the front desk and they said they'd get on it, 'right away'. The whistle blows never ceased. We went out for a refined dinner, wanted to have a nightcap in the 'living room'/lobby but came back to the hotel to find it had been transformed to a nightclub, complete with pounding music and scantily clad cocktail waitresses! It was so crowded and loud that we couldn't even discuss what to do instead.  I received an email asking about my satisfaction and although I've written TWICE to the manangement, I heard absoloutely nothing back. Save your money and go to a hotel that CARES. Who needs hipper-than-thou attitude like this??	
Jan 26 2006	Extremely Awful Experience.	Stayed at the W to celebrate our engagement,&amp; booked a King suite for the w/e. After flying in from Texas (and a long, jerky, expensive cab ride), we were met with a lobby full of female softball players lying on the floor and empty food containers perched on the furniture. We provided our reservation info and Starwood membership # at the desk, and were quickly handed a key card by the disinterested staff member. I attempted to clarify our reservation and received only a nod. When we opened the door, we saw that the bed was not a King, but a &quot;full&quot; size mattress, and the room was so small that you had to orient your body sideways to scoot between the bed and wall. There was a layer of dust on the dark furniture, the AC didn't work, and the bathroom stall smelled of...something. We went downstairs and after standing in line with luggage for 20 minutes, requested another room. The unhelpful staffmember became rude, and suggested that I had requested a &quot;double.&quot; I provided the printed receipt showing my reservation for a King Suite, and again provided my membership number. After arguing with the girl, she finally called the 1-800 number for the website and argued with them that there were &quot;no more King Suites available&quot; and I &quot;would have to take&quot; the tiny room. I requested to be moved to another location, but was told that all she had to do was &quot;offer a room&quot; and since she had done that- she would not relocate us, nor would she refund any of the prepayment for the room. At this point my bride- to-be began to cry it was 8pm and we had not eaten since the AM. Exhausted, we gave in &amp; stayed in the tiny room for 2 nights. It was awful. On the third night at 7pm we were upgraded to the King Suite I had payed for- which smelled of feet. We flew out the next morning. Weeks later I noticed that the W had double charged my credit card for the stay, which had been prepayed. The nightmare was not over! It took numerous calls and another 3 weeks to get the charges off of my card- and required ME to copy and fax receipts and my credit card statement to the billing office. I would advise anyone to look elsewhere for a place to stay. We now live in Chicago, and know of dozens of beautiful and accomodating alternatives. Do yourself a favor- go elsewhere, you likely cannot do any worse.	
Jan 1 2006	The good is very good the bad ....	I travel to Chi frequently and have stayed at the W several times. All in all I go back because the location is great, for where I work and close to the L that goes to midway. The staff has always been great. They try very hard to meet all your needs. The hotel is very hip with a great lounge and cool bar and the beds are the best I have ever slept in.Room size can be an issue, very small rooms called cozies you don't want one of them also the lower floors are very noisy (street noise). The rooms are clean but I have found lots of little annoying issues. Coffee pot that spill when you pour them, batteries not working in remote, shower with little presure and issues with heating system. The resturante is not great, food is avg at best and very expensive. Double that for any room service. Salad soup and water in your room $50.	
Dec 11 2005	Overall a very disappointing stay!	Many of the aspects of our stay were so bad as to be a little funny. We could only laugh about it afterwards, though.We booked our room through priceline. When we arrived we were greeted promptly, and sent straight toour room. This has to be the designated priceline room. Directly across from the elevator, it took our breath away. Actually this was because the room was so, so small that a full breath removed the oxygen from the entire room. A path about 3 feet wide around the &quot;queen&quot; bed was all the space that there was. To this add: a heat register that made so much noise as to make sleeping difficult, a wall mirror which had apparently come off of its mounting, and just leaned against the wall, an inoperable phone (probably to prevent complaints). I really can't imagine where we would have put our luggage.Needless to say, we went down to the desk to make other arrangements. We were offered a couple of extra cost upgrades. We opted for the &quot;mega-king&quot; which was smoking, but we were desperate. That room was actually quite nice, but unbelievably hot. We slept with the heat off, and the window open, and we were still warm. There was no hair dryer in the room. A phone call to housekeeping and 20 minutes produced a hair dryer which didn't work. We gave up before the second replacement arrived.A few positives: The &quot;style&quot; department brought us a very nice deodorizer to help neutralize smoke odors - worked great. The second room was quite spacious, and yes the toiletries were nice.However, it is impossible to offset all of the other problems. It is very difficult to accept this hotel as a four star establishment. They have a serious quality control/maintenance issue at this facility. Until this is resolved, we (and everyone else) should stay away	
Dec 7 2005	Hip - Cool - Trendy . . .	PROS: The service was incredible. Without a doubt, everyone was very friendly and accommodating - so that certainly made my stay even more wonderful. As for the rooms, I was fortunate and got a 'larger' room (unlike some of the other reviewers). So I was very happy and not to mention, the bed was fabulously comfortable. That was probably the best part of the W I must say. CONS: With the exception of the Sears tower -- during the weekend we couldn't find much to do or places to eat walking distance wise. But the &quot;L&quot; is a close walk away which is helpful.So if you're looking for something very modern and hip then this place would be great for you. Also I got lucky and got a great deal on their website -- so try to find a special on the W site or elsewhere and you'll be set.	
Dec 2 2005	Club MTV w/ paper thin walls...	My girlfriend and I flew in from a trip with very little sleep on a Friday afternoon. From the moment we walked into the hotel it was just a little over-whelming it's like a bad Music video and not very relaxing. I suppose if I was Lindsy Lohan or looking to be seen the lobby might seem normal. You feel like your at a bad rave party..I wanted to tell the desk worker (nice looking young lady with a headset on and low cut black dress) &quot;you do realize it's 11am right?&quot;Moving on to the rooms...Brief cliff note version. We were so exhausted by our trip that we went out for dinner down the street came back and went to bed. The beds are sooo comfortable as are all the amenities. At 3am I was woken up by loud talking the talking turned into the couple getting it on. The room was completly dark (which is good) , but the noise was so loud and close that I actually felt like the person was in our room....Heck we could hear them breathing (gross)..Desk worker informed us they have issues wih the noise cause of the wallsIn the morning we changed rooms..(3 times until we got a corner room)Unless you are in a corner room it will feel like you are in a walk in closet	
Nov 28 2005	What a Disappointment	My husband and I were very disappointed in this hotel. We were expecting a four-star luxury hotel and found it to be anything but. The room was so small it was uncomfortable. The only place to sit was on an uncomfortable office chair. The bathroom was so small that there wasn't even room for the bath mat on the floor. Getting ready to go out for the evening required an incredible balancing act! The lobby was so dark I felt like we were entering a cave. If this had been a budget hotel, it might have been acceptable, but at the price we paid, it was totally unacceptable. We will never stay here again.	
Nov 27 2005	Good experence comfy beds	I was afraid to stay at this hotel after reading a few reviews on here but I found the hotel outstanding in many catagories. We got the room for 150.00 through priceline. The day before we took the room we asked for two beds and no smoking. They gave us a corner room which was huge. Our bathroom was at least half the size of the room. It was room 2001. We asked for extra coffee in the room and they gave us like 5 or 6 packs of coffee no questions asked. I didn't care much for the location though. Also the bars had bartenders that were young women who seemed like they wanted to be somewhere else.	
Nov 14 2005	Great Time at the W	We stayed at the W City Center last weekend for two nights and three days and had a great time. We got a great price ($127) on Hotwire and used the money we saved to shop and eat:) We spent time in Lincoln Park (ate breakfast at Toast and shopped), Bucktown (dinner at Spring), and Magnificent Mile (dinner at Nacional 27 and tons of shopping). We got very good at riding the El from our downtown hotel and really didn't feel like we missed anything for not staying further north. The hotel was very fun and hip- we are in our thirties and felt totally at home. The room was small, but we knew that going in and didn't spend much time in the room, anyway. We had a great time in Chicago, and wouldn't hesitate to stay at the W City Center again.	
Nov 1 2005	Darkness only covers the dings	In order to fairly review this place, you have to get past the contrived cool facade and really see it for what it is....a pretty bad hotel. Overall the hotel is very dark- the lobby, the elevators, the hallways- if you have bad eyes you are going to have a problem here. If you are good eyes, you'll just find it unpleasant. I think if someone turned up the lights full brightness you'd be very surprised by what you saw- chipped paint, scratches in walls, less than clean surfaces- all masked by the darkness.The basic rooms are very small. Upgraded rooms are definitely larger. I don't want to swear to it but I think that a queen room means you get a double bed here and a king room means a double. Many of the rooms face the el (Chicago's elevated train) so be prepared for constant noise.This W is definitely not a luxury property. The towels are rough and scratchy, bedding is better but not great. Bliss products are very nice but are never refreshed so you're left squuezing the last drops of shower gel out on your final shower.The room was quite dirty- hair abounded and there was dust on the dark surfaces. I never felt quite settled in the room because it just felt icky. Also, not that it can be helped, I didn't find the location convenient at all. The Loop is dead on the weekends and it is quite a walk or a short cab to all the tourist attractions. River North is definitely a better option.	
Oct 18 2005 	Very W	My husband and I stayed 4 nights at this W. The lobby is hip and club like, as I would expect from a W. The front desk people were very nice and assigned us a &quot;great&quot; room. It was a corner room, but very very very small with only a double bed. We had reserved a king. The bell guy, whose title is &quot;Welcome Ambassador&quot; (the W has it's own complete lingo that takes days to learn...e.g. housekeeping is the &quot;style department&quot;) helped us find a new room, this one having a queen bed. The beds were super comfy, albeit small for two trim married folks.This was our first stay at a W and we thought the dichotomy of the hotel was funny. Sleek hotel rooms with trendy bathroom fixtures, but the same old painted rusty door that was there when the joint was a Holiday Inn or whatever. Trendy leather lamps, but yellowed outlet covers from the late 60's. Everything is dark: the lobby, the hallways, and the rooms. I'm thinking this is to hide the imperfections they couldn't quite update.All in all, it was a nice stay. The staff was really nice. The Welcome Ambassador gave us free drinks at the bar for our inconvenience of finding a bed big enough for two. Everyone constantly greeted us and asked if everything was swell. Our room faced the street on the 6th floor, and the outside noise was minimal. The walls are thin though. I could hear the L rumble by, but it wasn't terrible.The health club, &quot;Sweat&quot;, was very adequate. No weight machines, but free bottled water, TV's on the ellipticals.I like to walk, and it was an easy walk to the Art Institute, State Street shopping, and the theaters.We laughed at the constant thumping music in the lobby and the elevators. That large round thing on your bed is a plum, I was told. There's no such thing as a view here, so don't bother asking. I wouldn't think you'd want to stay on the Quincy St. side though, as the train runs right along the building.Right on the corner is a Starbucks, au bon pain, McDonalds (with many many beggars), Corner Bakery. I always love in-room coffee makers, but it was just as easy to run to Starbucks.We didn't eat or drink there. We did step into Whiskey Blue, but the smoke drove us out. The lobby and bars were crowded after work. The whole district clears out on the weekends, and I couldn't find a nearby Starbucks open on Sunday.I thought the stay there was fine, my husband wasn't as happy in the cramped room.	
Oct 12 2005	Mixed Feelings	Stayed at the W City Centre over the marathon weekend, and had mixed feelings. The location was perfect for the marathon as it was close to the start and finish, and it is very close to the theatre district as this was convenient for when we went to &quot;wicked&quot;. Travellers must note that this hotel is located in the Financial district. On weekends, it's a ghost town around there, not many things like restaurants, cafes or shops are open. I would stay north of the river around the Magnificent Mile, that is where al the &quot;hubub&quot; is. As the the actual hotel, the room was tiny (not surprised). If you check into a W dont expect a spacious room. The washroom amenties were top notch, and of course the Bed was Heavenly. The rooms were very chic, but the walls are paper thin, nothing more pleasant than hearing the person in the next room going to the washroom.The concierge staff at the hotel was below average. I always felt like they had no clue. Either that, or they couldn't be bothered to make an effort.The front desk staff were excellent. They were very helpful and friendly. If not for them, I would have downgraded the hotel.The restaurant at the Hotel was disguisting. The food was brutal and the service was even worse. I don't ask for much, but when I say Thank-you please acknowledge me. When I ask for some water, please acknowledge me. When I am ordering from the menu please look at me.The lobby is one of the coolest places. The design and ambience is very funky. It's kind neat checking into a room and having people ordering martini's a few steps away. Whiskey Blue is a fun place to hang out, as well.Overall, I don't think I'd come back. Unless, you need to be close to the financial district.....stay at or near the Mag Mile, and maybe pop in for a cocktail at Whiskey Blue one night.	
Oct 3 2005	W City Center	We stayed at the W City Center over Labor Day weekend and got a wonderful rate, we eventually upgraded to a Spectacular Room but it still cost us under $200 a night, so considering what you get, I thought the hotel was just fine but if we paid full price, than I can foresee the problem many reviewers had with the hotel. However, for us, it was just the right note because it was close to just about everything, whether it was walking distance, a cab or train ride away. We did not have a problem with the staff in general; however, we did use the conierge service each night we stayed. The first guy who helped us was very nice and went out of his way but the other two we encountered could use a seminar on customer service. It wasn't that they were bad, they were just indifferent to our questions and acted as if we bothered them in some way. The front desk people were spot on from the minute we checked in to the time they held our bags because we didn't leave until later that night. And the bar, Whiskey Blue, could use some help... the people were nice but the bartendar is not very good at all... the worst mojito I've ever had. Considering we didn't pay full price, the hotel was great... walking distance to Sears Tower, the El is right there, and we did not hear it at all... we saw Wicked that night, so we were able to walk back from the theater, we felt very safe downtown, even Marshall Field's is within walking distance, so for some to complain about the location, either they must not like to walk or didn't know where to go. In any case, there are better hotels around the city, we had breakfast at Hotel Adiago (sp) and it was adorable, but if you manage to get a cheap room like we did, you can't beat the W City Center.	
Oct 2 2005 	Rooms are tiny - Great Beds 	I was glad to be staying at the W City Center instead of the usual place in Chicago, as I had heard good things about the hotel. Turns out there was good and bad, as follows:GOOD things included the beds (very comfortable, although small), linens (nice from the towels to the sheets and comforter) the Bliss bath products (dreamy and lovely - I usually don't take the products anymore because I travel so often, but I took these!), the shower head (great water pressure)and the personnel, who were almost all polite and cheerful.BAD things included TINY TINY room (barely could walk around in the room and the bathroom gave new meaning to the word small), dark furnishings which made the room seem even smaller (expecially the dark gray, wavy drop ceiling - what's up with that?), the woman who yelled at me during the wake up call because she couldn't hear me (the phone was broken!!!) and the ridiculous cost of cocktails in the lobby bar ($21.00 for a small glass of house wine and a martini!).All in all, for the price paid I prefer the old standby of the Allegro, which is less expensive and closer to the office where I work.	
Sep 26 2005	Very hip.......	Very hip......if it were 1995 maybe. Hotel concept is outdated - poorly lit with the staff all dressed in black wearing their little secret service headsets. Rooms the size of walk-in closets and walls are paper thin. Looks more like a fraternity house than a hotel. Concierge was helpful and room service was acceptable but expensive. Overall, would never, ever stay at a W hotel again.	
Sep 2 2005	Chicago has many wonderful hotel options but the "W" is definitely not one!	My three daughters and I chose to rendezvous to Chicago from Boston, Tucson, and CO for our &quot;Girls Weekend.&quot; Arriving at the &quot;W&quot; there was no welcome or help with the door or luggage, their lobby is a &quot;cheap&quot; cocktail lounge, the rooms are extremely small, furnished very distastefully and even our requested upgraded room overlooking Lake Michigan was a joke. The only positive experience was their concierge’s understanding and willingness to help us relocate to The Drake Hotel. With only a few short days to share together in the exciting city of Chicago, we lost half a day and months of battle fighting for reimbursement. Finally, receiving credit through a credit card dispute, our &quot;W&quot; experience is behind us. Read and believe, then book at The Drake or.... Chicago has many wonderful hotel options, but the &quot;W&quot; is definitely not one!	
Aug 31 2005 	Horrible...Horrible...Horrible	Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of June and had the worst hotel experince I have ever had. 1) Returned to our room after some meetings, only to find that the door was left open and an unrequested rollaway bed had been placed in the room. Notified the front desk of the this, and they responded quickly, however; the staff member offered to make amends by sending up some champage and fruit basket. 3 hours later, when nothing arrived, I call down, and was informed that he needed to get approval still. I told him to forget it as we were heading out to dinner. He appologized, and promised it would be awaiting us when we returned. A warm bottle of champage was in our room, and that was it.2) The following day after returning from meetings, I was stopped by hotel security at the front doors and questioned in front of a crowd of people &quot;as to why I was there, and where I was going?&quot; I told him that I was going into the hotel since I was a paying guest there! The security guard hesitated, looked to another security guard, and moved out of my way with no appology or explaination.3) I reported what happened to the Welcome Office Manager - K. Williams, who was appologetic and assured me it should never have happened. He then promised to personally investigate what had happend and get back to me that day. With no response 3 hours later, I called down to the front desk, and was told that Mr. Williams had left for a meeting. When I explained that I was awaiting his reply, the person helping me promised to look into the matter and respond within 15 minutes. 15 minutes later, I was told that the security guard had left for the day and that someone would get back to me the next day. No one ever did!4) When I reported the incidents to the general manager of the hotel in writing, it took him almost 2 months to respond with a form letter offering me a &quot;complimentary one-night stay.&quot; That could never make up for what I endured!I would NOT recommend that anyone stay at this hotel! I have been treated with more respect in a youth hostel! Don't waste your Money!	
Aug 29 2005	W Hotel W Adams St Chicago Illinois	One of the smallest rooms I have stayed in especially in the Downtown Chicago area. I do believe that &quot;Hotwire&quot; guests were given rooms that would be hard to charge the amount they charge for a nights stay to regular paying customers. I asked at the Desk for an upgrade if they had one available since we were checking in late and it was my Birthday and was given a very small room with a view of a two buildings. Had to keep the Roman Shades down for privacy we were so close to the buildings. The ambiance is dark and very purple and grey. The staff was friendly and helpful and the Beds were fantastic!!! Very nice soaps. Very comfortable Beds with feather beds, down comforters and pillows. The bed was the best thing going even though I do believe it was a double bed though they said it was Queen. Nevertheless the bed was just the most comfortable in a Hotel there is and if I were to go back there it would be ONLY because of the bed. If you want a small room with a wonderful bed and a view of window washers then go for it but I think this the price is way too much for what we got here even on Hotwire.	
Aug 17 2005	Very hip however...	I just stayed in this hotel a few days ago for a four-nights stay. I must admit that I love Starwood and the promotions they have. However, this time due to a lack in time I booked last minute and got a rate of 255$ per night, but got the fourth night free. When arriving at the hotel I was very impressed by the lobby. The hotel is very dark, which feels like a nightclub even during the morning. Its focused towards young and hip people as well as businessmen, due to its location in the finance district. But, it is very far from everything else, including shopping on Magniicient Mile. We got two rooms for four adults and a child. The rooms were so tiny you couldnt fit anything and we requested for two double beds. It took us a long negotiation to rearrange accomodation and we got a &quot;superior&quot; room instead which is much nicer and is also very trendy. I loved the room, the bed is sooo confortable. However the W lacked some basic luxury service such as cleaning of dorrway ( some people left food for a whole day wuthout it being cleaned). furthermore there was no pool which is annoying when you have kids. Everything you see in the room is beautiful, but you have to pay a lot of money if you want to keep it or use it, such as a large bottle of water next to the bed which costs 8$!!!!! Overall though, the hotel is very well designed and even though the staff wasnt very friendly I thought that the rooms and the general trendy atmosphere gave this hotel something to talk about.	
Aug 12 2005	Ok concept but the stafff.	The staff, basically the outdoor staff, need to learn some manners. I have seen these people give guests, and even people walking down the street (it is on a busy street heavy with foot traffic), rude hand gestures and laugh.If you want people to stay at your hotel, and least treat them with respect, or quit if you don't like (or know how to do) your job.I would never stay here again.	
Aug 2 2005	Wonderful beds and rooms	I had a great stay at the W City Center this July. There wasn't much of a view from the room but it's right downtown so I knew what to expect. The room was quite large and comfortable all the way from the bed (as usual for a W) to the chaise lounge by the 27 inch TV. The bathroom seemed quite large to me and the toilet had it's own little room. There was really good water pressure too. I was there over a weekend so the bar wasn't quite as crowded as it would be on a week night. As other's have noted the lobby area is great and well appointed. Then again so are the rooms. Housekeeping does a good job of keeping everything neat and clean. I enjoyed the food from room service, it arrived hot and fresh. All the staff I encountered were very friendly. I had some friends arrive a day later than me, I spoke to the Welcome Desk and they did their best to have their room ready early as my friend's flight got changed and they got to Chicago at 10:00am. They even gave them an upgrade! Eventhough it was very hot (Temps near 100) the A/C didn't give out at all. It's walking distance to shopping and Grant Park. The inroom coffee was nice but there's a Starbucks 1/2 a block away along with a couple of convience stores. The next time I need to be downtown Chicago this is the place I'll pick.	
Jul 17 2005	Excells in some important areas average in others	Some people don't take well to the W concept - a hotel that is &quot;hip&quot;, sleek and a lot like a nightclub. Apparently, all of the Ws look different and have a unique flavor. When a family member couldn't use their non-refundable reservation, my fiancee and I found ourselves going in their place and, I must say, I was rather curious as to what the whole &quot;W&quot; experience would be like.Now, before I go on, I have to note that I consider no hotel to be &quot;perfect&quot; - the best they can do is exceed my expectations, and the W did that in certain regards.First, I was worried that, due to some adjustments to the reservation, we would run into trouble at the hotel front desk - that there would be some confusion over the changes. However, everything went smoothly and we were off to our rooms within moments. The lobby staff - and there are a lot of them, standing around in uniforms - were there guiding us to the elevators (they call them &quot;lifts&quot;) and trying to help. Everyone from the front door to the room was very welcoming, respectful and helpful. Having been at a few very nice hotels in this city where the staff couldn't seem to care less that you're there - and not just to me, but to customers in general around me - this was a big plus. When I went out in the morning, I was always greeted and the door was held open for me. Now, to the room itself, which held some plusses and minuses. The room itself was small, but not cramped for two people. This was probably the smallest room we've stayed at in the downtown area, with the room we had at the Intercontinental being the second smallest. However, we certainly weren't to the point where we felt like we were climbing over each other when moving around the room at the W. Beyond that, the dark (yet warm) colors of the room and the silly comforts (a big stuffed grape, just about the cutest teddy bear I've ever seen - and this is a guy writing that) that can be found in the room. The room also offers a DVD player for use (free), desk, hi-speed internet (not free), and - although not priced - a mini bar and accessories area (hat, snacks, kits, etc)The best part of the room was the bed, which was similar to the Westin Heavenly Bed, although I actually preferred the W bed - it seemed a little less mushy than the Westin bed that I experienced during a stay there earlier this year. The W bed stands out as my favorite hotel bed - by a fairly decent margin.The size of the room in general was not a surprise, really. The room cost half the $239 regular rate, so I wasn't expecting a suite. The other element is that the hotel was previously the Midland Hotel, an older establishment that dated back quite a ways. Given that, it's not a surprise that the rooms are on the small side.The bathroom was nice, but not stunning. There was a nice-sized step-up bathtub (which I promptly nearly tripped into the first time I entered the bathroom), vanity mirror, bliss bath products and an adjustable shower which I had difficultly clamping into place so that I could stand directly under it. The bathroom was clean and a bit above average, but I wasn't bowled over by it. If this hotel had the Westin bathroom and the W rest of the room, it would be perfect.Other little things - the room was a bit dusty in the visible areas, but the unseen areas (behind the desk, etc) were more noticably dusty. I'd guess that the room hadn't been used in a little while, but the hotel had just been jammed the day before. Other than that, the room seemed crisp and clean. We needed a wine bottle (brought some and forgot our opener), but they had one right there in the room for use. A CD player - complete with W relaxation CD - is also available in addition to the DVD/CD player under the TV. Need anything? Tap the Whatever, Whenever button on the phone. If you want DVDs or CDs for the room, the hotel has a music and movie library.As other reviews note, the lobby does turn into something of a nightclub at night, with music playing, their &quot;femme fatale&quot; waitresses serving drinks and people mingling around. It's quite a sight, especially coming from the quieter room areas. The Whiskey Blue bar is located just off the main lobby area. There is also a restaurant. A pretty nice exercise area (called &quot;Sweat&quot;) is located on the third floor. There's no pool here, but the W Lakeshore in Chicago does have one. There's also rooms available for business functions.We don't usually order room service (given the ridiculous charges, plus the already high prices), but we ended up doing it here and although the prices were still rather high with the charges, I was astonished how good the food was. I read tons of reviews where people are disappointed by hotel room service, but the food here was A+ quality. I had an incredible chicken breast sandwhich, while my fiancee had a steakburger. Both came with a side of tuscan potatoes. Both entrees were just terrific, and room service was prompt. They also called after to check how everything was. Everything was great in that regard.In terms of eats nearby, there is an Osco, CVS Pharmacy, Walgreens and 7-11 nearby for snacks. There's also a Sbarros Pizza within five blocks (and a Gioranos Pizza not far), and a Corner Bakery nearby. However, being in the downtown business area, there's not much for quick eats nearby on the weekend, since a lot of things are closed. There's a couple of McDonalds within a few blocks, as well. However, for a fancier meal, it's a bit of a walk. In other words, if you're here on a weekend and don't feel like walking anywhere to get a bite, be prepared to call up room service.There is an &quot;L&quot; (Quincy) station right out front, so those coming to/from Midway airport will have an easy time getting the Orange Line here. The nearest Blue Line station (from O'Hare) isn't far either, but not as close as the Quincy Orange Line station. Speaking of the &quot;L&quot;, we had a room on the other side of the building and did not experience any noise. Those on the other side of the building may encounter some &quot;L&quot; noise. However, we *were* facing the street, and didn't encounter any street noise, even on the 9th floor.Overall:Positives: Service was excellent across the board - everyone from the maid staff to the front desk were friendly and helpful. Almost everyone who I passed closely by in this hotel greeted me and everyone in general here really seemed like they were out to make a good impression. I've stayed in hotels in the city where I didn't feel like my business was appreciated, but here I felt like it was and then some. The room, despite being small, was nicely stocked. There was even a magazine rack. Despite being a dude, I was impressed by the Bliss bath products, which smelled wonderful. Room service, despite being expensive (19% + $3.75 charge) was incredibly delicious. Transit options are nearby, and the Art Institute is not a terribly far walk East on Adams. The Sears Tower is also a block away, for those interested in going up to the skydeck. I did use the concierge service during my stay (being from Chicago), but I did watch them at work with other guests and thought they seemed quite knowledgable and helpful. Whether early in the morning or at night, there always seemed to be someone available at the concierge area. There's staff in the lobby area 24/7 - there's definitely a security presence at this hotel. If you like the products in the room, they're available in the store off the lobby. Four very fast elevators - to the point where I felt the contents of my stomach adjust when leaving one morning to hunt for snacks for the day. Last, but not least, best hotel bed I've experienced yet (and available in the catalog in the room and surprisingly, not as expensive as I'd have guessed for the mattress).Negatives: The bathroom was nice, but it could use some sprucing up to get it more in-line with the look and feel of the rest of the &quot;W&quot; - it seemed a little on the ordinary side, aside from the quite nice bath products. Our room was a little dusty, as well. The room service, as mentioned, was terrific, but the charge was the highest I've seen in a Chicago hotel. This hotel is also in the middle of the downtown business district, and there's not a lot *right there*, especially on Saturday/Sunday. Some people may not go for the whole &quot;W&quot; vibe, but - not exactly being anything remotely like someone who would be into that kind of vibe - I felt welcomed throughout the stay. Although I usually concentrate reviews on the elements of a hotel that can be adjusted, I will note again that the room was small. Some of the higher level rooms are apparently bigger, but given the history of the building, it's understandable that some of the rooms are going to be on the small side. There's also no real &quot;views&quot; here - you're in the middle of the downtown area and surrounding buildings.Additional notes: People have noted that the walls are thin in the hotel and that they've had problems with noise from neighboring rooms. We were at the end of a hallway, so this was lessened, but everything seemed quiet from the nearby rooms and when walking down the hall. There were also flowers at the end of the hall, and ice machines are located on every floor 4-20.Overall, I wouldn't stay here for regular rate (although this is coming from someone who can't imagine ever paying over $200 for a hotel room), but it is definitely something I will look out for again on Hotwire or Priceline (although I think it's only on Hotwire).	
Jul 14 2005	W's miss	I love the lobby of the W-City Center. It is seems very trendy and has a certain vibe that is funky. That said, the room I was in left a lot to be desired. The funkiness of the lobby did not transfer to the rooms. I guess I was expecting too much after reading the raves about the W brand. The room was described as not too big, not too small, sort of in between. HELLO, in between is a great stretch, try tiny --and if this was the 'in between', I would really hate to see a 'small' room. The bed and 'furniture' (I use that word loosely) took up the entire space. The carpet in the room was grey but that could not hide the traffic and frequent attempts at cleaning. The room also smelled stale and musty. The bathrooms are a bit tight too and not sparkly clean. Not dirty, but not that really clean look that makes you feel comfortable after having used it.Hotel lobbies should complement their rooms. You owe your customers that favor.I will visit the W again, but only to the lobby.	
Jun 28 2005	Loved this hotel!	The lobby was truly dazzling with the feel of an upscale night club more so than a hotel. I was fortunate enough to snag a &quot;Spectacular&quot; king room...more than enough space for one person...room was very clean and the decor pretty much matches the photos on the website. Loved the extra touches like the cordless phone, cd and dvd player, huge fluffy towels and bathrobe complimented with Bliss Spa products! The highlight for me was the bed...comfortable doesn't even begin to describe! The staff were attentive and very friendly. The only negative was the quality of the food versus the cost of room service (12% service charge tacked on, not including tip). I guess that's to be expected with any 4 star hotel. I would definitely stay here again but would avoid room service.	
Jun 27 2005	Very Nice Once I Complained	My driver from the airport told me that the rooms on floors 8 and below are much smaller because that is where the original building was. My room on the eighth floor would have been ok except for the constant industrial noises coming from the street. Get a room higher up if you don't want to hear the city late at night. I moved to the 14th floor and it was much quieter.Stay in a superior room if you can it is very roomy and very comfortable. Nicely decorated too.Beautiful and stylish lobby but the non-stop throbbing music does not make for a relaxing atmosphere. Most areas in the hotel, hallways and lobby are lighted by blue lights or candle light which makes everything very dark and made me feel like I was in hiding. You might feel that this makes you dangerous and mysterious so it could be a good thing.Fantasitc location for seeing Chicago and there are some great restaurants within walking distance. The food at the hotel was very good too. The staff were all bending over backwards to help the guests so I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2005	Very Hip!	I was impressed with how &quot;cool&quot; this hotel felt. There was usually a young hip looking crowd in the lobby -maybe because there is a bar on each side of the lobby!! The lighting in the public areas is low and sometimes pink - like in the hall and ladies room. The restaurant is excellent and the staff is pleasant. I probably won't stay there again because our room was the smallest I've ever stayed in - it would have been fine for one person but too tight for two - I booked through hotwire for $217 and I can't help but wonder if I'd gotten a better room if I'd booked direct.	
Jun 20 2005	Pretentiously hip	Mixed bag. Positives: very close to brown, purple and orange lines (Quincy); decently well-appointed rooms; really nice soap. Negatives: smallest hotel room I've ever been in; suspected second-class treatment of Hotwire guests (I still paid $144+tax/night); lame room service options after 11 p.m.; form over function approach to bathroom; promised an unrequested upgrade from a double bed to a queen at the front desk, yet wound up in a double bed (and I really don't think they could have squeezed a queen in that room), and since there were two of us we could have used the extra room; floor mirror was pushed out of its frame on the one side. We were given the smallest room in the hotel (I looked on the floor plan) on the lowest floor rooms were on (4th), with an inside view (meaning the roof and more rooms, but ooooh, look, they made a &quot;W&quot; out of gravel on that roof, how hip!) - when they obviously had other (better) rooms available, as we were promised one at the front desk (and we checked in after 10 p.m., so they couldn't have been expecting that many more people to check in off the street). I've never complained about a hotel room, but this was the closest I've come.I wonder how many of the &quot;intimacy kits&quot; ($10) next to the Pringles ($4, short stack) and foam W flip flops ($15) on the room service tray they've sold.While this hotel isn't a large, cookie-cutter, urban hotel like your average Hilton, Hyatt, etc., I felt somewhat patronized by what Starwood would like me to believe is &quot;cool.&quot; Stay here if you want to be force-fed corporate Starwood hipness, but I'd save some cash, stay at a hotel with genuine character (and there are at least a few in Chicago), and spend the $100-200/night you'll be saving and enjoy the city. A reasonable buy on Hotwire, but I'd sleep on the bus before paying rack rate.	
Jun 19 2005 	The bed was like sleeping on a cloud!	This is a very good hotel. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud! It has a nice 'boutiquey' feel and very friendly and efficient staff. I stayed by there by myself on a business trip as a change from staying in one of the bigger chains and it was really a pleasant change, the service was just as good.	
Jun 14 2005	Funky Funky Funky!	Neat hotel in the heart of the financial district. Very close to all of the subway/ elevated lines so transportation is a breeze. Hotel is funky with candles lit all over the lobby and modern but comfortable furnishings. Service was first rate. Concierge staff are excellent! They will handle any question or reservation problem immediately. Make sure you ask for the AAA rate, I saved $200 per night. 24 hour room service and great food in the restaurant. You'll like it.	
Jun 13 2005	What a great hotel!	We were pick pocketed while exiting the subway in Chicago. We don't carry much cash but our credit cards were gone also. The folks at the W were fantastic. They cashed our check which had been nixed by telecheck because it was drawn on the account from which the credit card had been stolen. They sent complimentary fruit, cheese and wine to our room. Everyone there was so accomodating and kind. Beside all this, the room was beautiful and the bedding was so comfortable! We WILL return to the W on Adams in Chicago.	
Jun 5 2005	If you want a W in Chicago - choose the Lakeshore! or even better - the Sofitel!	After having a great stay at the W Lakeshore, we thought we'd give the W City Center a try. BIG MISTAKE! We booked a room with a king bed in the 'Mega' category. We received a Starwood Gold upgrade to an 'Alternative' suite (Room 1201) which had a Queen bed. When I called the welcome desk to enquire if they had any other suites with a King, I was told that they were too busy to speak with me - and they would call me back. 10 minutes later, I was told that ALL of their suites have King beds - and that their engineering dept. must have changed the bed in our room without informing them. (Which sounded a bit like a lie - the bedroom could not accommodate a king bed). We waited another 15 minutes for an 'Ambassador' to come up to our room with keys to another suite (room 601) which had a King bed - but this 'suite' was considerably smaller. (What the W calls a suite at this location is really just two small connecting hotel rooms). It was apparent that our new room hadn't been used in a while - everything was covered in a layer of dust - including the mirror in the parlour room - which someone hand written 'Clean Me' in the dust. We decided to make the best of it and unpacked. The ice machine on the 6th floor was broken, so I had to climb the stairs in search of a working machine. I know that W thinks their dark corridors are 'cool', but when I was wandering the halls looking for an ice machine, I felt unsafe - if their was a fire, how would you be able to see at all? The next morning I was awakened to sound of guest room doors being repeatedly opened and slammed shut. After counting 10 loud door 'SLAMS' - I went out to the hall to see who was doing this - SURPRISE! it was housekeeping! I asked her to to be more courteous - as some people are still sleeping - and she just stared at me - no apology. We decided that we would be happier if we moved to the W Lakeshore - and called downstairs to ask if they could make the arrangements. I was again told that they were too busy to speak with me - and they would call me back. When they did call back - I was told that our rate would not be honoured at the W Lakeshore, nor would we receive an upgrade there. If we wanted a suite at the W Lakeshore it was 750.00 per night. At that point we decided that we were moving to the Sofitel and checked out. Our bill was wrong - double charged for Internet and not billed for parking. They even tried to charge us an 'early check out fee' which they graciously waived. Would NEVER return.	
May 24 2005 	Poor	For such a hyped hotel, my stay was really very disappointing. Stuck in an end room, with a view of the neighbouring roof that was completely uninspiring. Staff seemed disinterested and the queue to check out was enormous! The W Lakeshore is 10 times better than this one.	
May 10 2005	Good if you get the right room	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights in total in 2 separate stays in April/May 2005. We booked through hotwire and got a good rate of $110-$115 a night. The first stay, we got a very nice room with a king size bed, one bathroom and another room housing a (second) toilet and sink and also the wardrobe space. The second time, we were told we had a &quot;wonderful&quot; room reserved for us with a queen bed, but when we got up there the room was tiny and the bed was only a 4ft 6 wide one. I thought queen sizes were 5ft. We paid $30 per night to upgrade to a &quot;super&quot; (I think) room which was even better than our first one. We had room service a couple of times and everything was very good. So why the 3 blob rating? It is mainly because of the attitude of the hotel (not the staff) to the fact we'd booked through Hotwire. Maybe I'm naive to expect anything other than the worst rooms when you book through Hotwire, but we did seem to get the smallest room on the floor on our second stay. Also, you can't get Starwood points if you book through Hotwire either, so I didn't join the program and won't be going back to a W in any hurry. This is a great hotel with great food and great staff and with a little more generosity of spirit in the hotel's policies, I would have unhesitatingly have given it a 5.	
Mar 18 2005 	Nice W	I stayed in the W - City Center March 16-18. The hotel is overall very good. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Check-in was a snap as was check out. The Lobby is a scene! Being from New York, I am used to this type of thing, but you could tell some of the midwesterners were a little out of place. If you are not looking for a trendy hotel, the W is not for you. But, if you are in the under 35 crowd looking for a little swank...this is the place in Chicago. I will be back soon!	
Mar 16 2005	Funkiest Place I've stayed in....	Funkiest hotel I've stayed in. Lots of attitude, great lobby bar. Top of the hotel bar is overpriced though the people working there &quot;beautiful&quot;. I swear the elevator is pumped with a scent, and the funky music makes it feel like you're at a party - even at 7AM when you're on the elevator with a hangover.Room service and the hotel restaurant are pricey. Lots of better options around Chicago (try the Chicago Chop House).Service at the door was inconsistent. Sometimes they opened the door for you, sometimes they did not. We also had hundreds of dollars in odd billings on our statement that had to be removed (be sure to double check your bill and dispute anything). Fortunately, the extra charges were removed without hassle.As well, I lost the access card to my hotel room and they provided me with a new one without any problems - though I had to produce picture ID. If you have an Automobile Association Membership, be sure to use it to get a discount. The rooms are NOT good if you are staying with a business partner, or friend. I would only recommend them for couples or if you are staying there by yourself, because of the way the bathrooms are designed.	
Mar 3 2005	W Hotels make for a great trip	Arriving at the hotel with friendly attentive doormen, began the stay at a great property. Taking a walk through the lobby was a candle lit cool club experience. The front desk people were efficient and accomidating. Having stayed in the W Court in NY this was an experience as cool.	
Feb 14 2005	Great for business travelers!	For those frequent business travelers who want to be acknowledged and receive fast checkin service and friendly but &quot;we'll leave you be&quot; service, this is a great hotel! Always a crowd in the lobby bar having fun.	
Feb 14 2005	Just Our Style	My husband &amp; I stayed here the first weekend of December 2004. It was pretty darn cool, the staff was extremely friendly although not perfect. A few errors were made during our check out &amp; it took more than a minute to get our bags while rushing to the airport for our flight home. But our room was clean, (you have already heard about the great beds), our breakfast room service was timely, hot &amp; delicious. We enjoyed the Whiskey Blue Bar both nights of our stay. The decor, the smells, &amp; lighting made us feel right at home. We are looking forward to our stay at the W Seattle &amp; W San Francisco this summer!	
Jan 30 2005	Nice but not as good as W Times Square NYC	Okay, I love the W hotels. This one lives up to the W brand name BUT the room I was in was SOOOOOOOO SMALL!!! I am not joking when I say that the king size bed took up 80% of the room. The desk was so cramped that I had to move it so that the chair could be taken out and I could sit behind the desk. When I took out the ironing board, i had no where to put it. but managed to use the hallway in front of the bathroom. The bathroom is also quite small, but more managable. I stayed at the W times square and was more impressed with the room size and bathroom. Location: This is a great business location b/c the W City Center is around the corner from most of the hot spots in the business district. Next time I might stay near the more happening magnificent mile b/c then you've got stuff to do after business meetings. Gym: The gym sucks. If all you need are a few cardio machines then you'll be fine. I need a little more of a professional setting with free weights. Good news is that there's a full service gym nearby that has an arrangement with the W ($20 for a one day pass). It's called the Union Station Sports Complex. Lobby: this is the most happening place in the area at night. The lobby was always busy when I walked through it. You definitely feel like you're at the hot spot in the city when walking to the elevators to your room. High speed in rooms is expensive ($17 per day (up to noon)). Wireless access is available in the lobby area. The business center is good b/c you can access a free printer to print documents. I still love the W hotels for the funky style, the heavenly beds, robes, and the aveda products in the bathroom. BUT, the small room really brought down the score on this property. Since it's a W, I cannot give the hotel a &quot;Neutral&quot; or 3 star rating. SO, above average is all I can do.	
Dec 28 2004	Funky and fun	I concur with many of the earlier comments: hallway and lobby were dark, staff was excellent, rooms were smallish but good. My room faced the El and I thought that really added to the overall Chicago ambiance. Maybe it's just me, but I found the train sounds very relaxing. I had a &quot;mega&quot; room and it was very comfortable though not really that huge. Extremely comfortable chaise though and the bed also was great. The bathroom was very spacious and had lots of counter space. Storage space was minimal though: closet small, the only drawers were in the nightstands. However, location was very convenient to shopping (though not the Mag Mile) and only three blocks from the theatre district. Breakfast in the restaurant was very good. The bar is good but the specialty drinks are quite expensive. The staff were all extremely helpful and kind.All in all I really enjoyed it and would stay there again.	
Dec 20 2004	Stylish amd cool but not perfect	Just returned from a short weekend at the W CIty Center (dec 18-19 2004) and had a very good stay. The W hotel experience begins when you walk into the beautiful columned lobby - spotlights on the ceiling illuminate the cool, dark lobby and the house/techno/worldbeat music thumps in the background. The staff looks cool in black, and are very professional and helpful.The rooms are not big by any stretch of the imagination, but are more than adequate in size. They are modern and cool, with fabric draped lamps and mod fixtures everywhere. I loved the modern art on the walls (Frames with stainless steel lighters and flasks in them!) The bed was extra plush and quite comfortable with dreamy long pillows.Bathrroms were nice too, with separate doors to the vanity and the shower/bath area. There were plenty of big fluffy towels and Aveda bath products. The stainless steel sinks and shower fixtures very much fit it with the rest of the hotel.My main gripe was the antiquated heating system. It never seemed adequate and was hard to operate, and the fitness room was an icebox. Also, there was a little bit of chipped paint here and there in the rooms.Room service was excellent and the Whiskey Blue bar was a cool hangout spot.The hotel is located around the corner from the Quincy &quot;El&quot; stop and a couple of blks from the Sears Tower, but that part of the Loop is pretty dead on the weekends. The McDonalds and the Starbucks across Wells Street seems to be the only thing open, but the River North and Mag Mile areas are not far away.	
Dec 10 2004	Good enough to stay there again but not great	Stayed here 3 nights in November. The lobby is a little too funky for my tastes, but that's not a valid beef as the W is supposed to be positioned that way. The rooms are nice, but take care not to have a room facing the railway line or you'll have a 5 am wake up call. The same thing happened to my colleague - does the hotel put all guests into those rooms unless they request otherwise or complain? The bathrooms are spacious and tasteful, and the funkiness in the room is not off-putting. Beds are wonderful. Hallways are dark all the time (same in the W New York) - don't understand why - is funky = dark? Food in the restaurant is good. Note that breakfast is a la carte only, so don't eat there if you're in a rush.	
Dec 7 2004	Great room location friendly service	Stayed at the W first weekend in December for sightseeing &amp; shopping. Staff was extremely courteous from the beginning to end of the visit. Room was great, W beds are as advertised. Location convenient for the El, Art Institute, south end of Michigan Ave. The lobby is a little too &quot;living room hip&quot; (had to ask where front desk was) and the hallways are dark 24/7 (the reverse Las Vegas!), but neither is a real negative. Highly recommend the W!	
Nov 23 2004	Great Service	Held a business function at the W and was incredibly impressed with its efficiency and service. Would definitely use their facilities again.	
Nov 19 2004	Our Sales Meeting was fantastic	Heard a lot of positive things about the &quot;W&quot; Chicago and decided to hold our October sales meeting there (25 people). Glad we did. Service was second to none. The staff gladly and quickly met all our requests and needs. Our conference coordinator was extremely helpful. We'll be back.Joe CarvalhoSr. Director Sales Operations &amp; FinanceSara Lee Coffee	
Oct 25 2004	I Loved the W Chicago City Center	I had a great experience at the W Chicago City Center while there on business last week. The rooms are have a contemporary elegant decor with the most soothing colors and the bed was amazing! The hotel staff went out of their way to service myself and my guests and my hat goes off to the two Managers that I worked with, Mark Matthews and Mark Harbec. This hotel is definately a home away from home with an exciting twist...a loungy feel with candels and mood music is relaxing to the senses. On your next visit to Chicago, check this place out!	
Oct 21 2004 	Terrific business 	I recently organized a small, but high profile business meeting at the W Hotel City Center, Chicago. The boardroom setup with plasma screens was impressive and professional. The hotel staff provided me and my meeting attendees with incredible service, but the most surprising thing is that they have really good food. The hotel's public spaces are a bit dark, but don't let that hold you back....I highly recommend the W Hotel City Center for business and leisure!	
Oct 17 2004	Wonderful stay.	This being my husband &amp; I first trip to Chicago we decided to check out reviews on the net.On looking we wondered if the W City Centre was going to be the hotel for us, even though it had been recomended by some friends. We arrived early afternoon, greeted warmly by the doorman &amp; followed by front desk. So far so good, taken to our room everything was spotless (just as us Brits like it!!),delighted, as we were staying for 6 nights.Our whole experience at the W was fantastic, staff were always extremely polite, &amp; went out of their way to be helpful. (we did note how young they seemed, however it works &amp; thats what really counts!)You can hear the loop, thats all part of city life. We have been fortunate to stay all over the world in many different hotels, could not fault the W City Centre in any way.	
Oct 14 2004	W for Wow!	The W hotel was an amazing experience. The staff was very couterous and the rooms trendy. Thank you for a wonderful stay and I will definitely be back.	
Oct 13 2004	Sleek cosmopolitan and sophisticated	Our stay at the W Chicago City Center could not have been more pleasant. The hotel is beautifully appointed and utterly sophisticated. The boutique atmosphere is such a welcome change from the usual hotel surroundings. Service was impeccable, from the bellmen to the manager on duty, who introduced himself to us and then remembered us when we walked through the lobby area later in the day. If you want more than just the same old-same old, and are ready for a unique urban experience, visit this hotel. I look forward to returning ASAP.	
Oct 13 2004	Great service	I attended a 2 day meeting at the W Hotel. It was my first time staying at a W and it was definitley a different/positive experience. When I went to the check in desk, it is very different from any other hotel I've been too...candles on the desk...kind of a sexy atmosphere. I have to say that the doorman, the check in, concierge, housekeeping, catering were all very professional and helpful. I lost my cellphone in the taxi to the hotel and the concierge was able to retrieve it. Everyone was so nice and friendly. The food at the meetings was great too and just a different experience. My room was gorgeous! I loved the decore. It had a whimsical, sophisticated feel to it. The only thing I would recommend is more lighting in the halls, I found it too dark as did my co-workers. I would say this hotel is more appreciated by the 20-30 something hip crowd. It has a night-clubish, schwanky, trendy feel to it. The lobby is loaded with candles, some special effects lighting and music. It's quite the hot spot to hang and have drinks in the evening. The meeting space at the hotel was great and our meeting was a sucess! The food was fabulous and the catering staff was right on top of things! Some of the older/conservative people mentioned that the hotel was a bit dark and very funky, but they just chalked it up not being &quot;in&quot; anymore and still thought the meeting went well(which was plenty light) and had an overall good experience staying there. At our meeting, I loved the pitchers of water at out tables, some had lemon swirly slices, lime slices, orange slices, strawberries in them with made them appealing to the eye and a touch of flavor. Just little things like that make it nicer. Anyway, I would recommend the hotel for a meeting especially with a younger crowd and I would recommend it for a romantic getway! It would be a great place to go with friends too and just live it up in the city! There is so much to do in that area! I wished I had time to extend my trip and play! I would like to go back sometime soon!	
Oct 7 2004 	Good conference support	Held a workshop in one of the meeting rooms last week and I was extremely pleased with the audio-visual support. The AV person showed up ahead of schedule and, surprisingly, you have a person devoted to your meeting for the full time period--that is usually not the case. In my case, he stayed in the room for the majority of the day--a relief when you have a number of speakers. The sales person was also responsive and available and helped us with any requests.The breakfast and lunch were nice as well. We selected french toast (plated) for breakfast and sea bass for lunch--requests for vegetarian meals were met.The attendees either loved or hated the look of the hotel. A little too hip for some. The lobby is very dark and gets very crowded during weeknights after work--mostly a young Chicago crowd.	
Sep 28 2004	Great for Meetings!	A walk into the lobby - is like walking into a nightclub! I planned a meeting there and all of my attendees loved the decor - the ambience of the building. Service was outstanding as has been my experience with all of the W and Westin properties. Furthermore, it is a nice experience to do something like this venue for a meeting than the other &quot;standard hotels&quot;. The staff was wonderful and of note - the concierage referred us to a fantastic restaurant then the W sent chocolate cover strawberries to our group at the restaurant. Anyone who would like a change - needs to experience a W!	
Sep 28 2004	W whenever whatever	When they answer the phone whenever, whatever they mean it. Service it not an after thought at this property. Add in the unique sleeping rooms, beds to good to be believed and meeting space that is very versatile. What more could any planner ask for. From the moment the doorman says&quot;Welcome to the W&quot; you begin a hotel experience that will be worth remembering.	
Sep 27 2004	The best part of the Windy City is the W City Center!	Weather for business or pleasure, make the W City Center in Chicago one of your top choices. The rooms are stunning, the service is impecable and the on-site restuarant and bar are fabulous. I stayed for an entire week and didn't have any complaints -- most times I didn't even want to leave the hotel. It's conveniently located to lot's of shopping (on the Magnificent Mile), the Sears Tower, and many other tourist hot spots.The next time I visit Chicago, I'll be sure to stay at the W City Center.	
Sep 21 2004	had a great stay!	had a great stay. read some of the other reviews AFTER i made my reservation so i expected the worst. but i had a great sized room, the staff was super friendly and the el was a faint sound in the distance. i had no weird incidents or stains like some others reported. all and all, i'd stay there again. its not for people who don't like a club in the lobby or super dimly lit hallways -- its a hip hotel aiming at a younger, urban-sophisticate crowd. if that's not you, you should not come to this hotel!	
Sep 19 2004	Chicago W- Better than expected	This is the 4th W that I have stayed in and I must admit that they are somewhat of an acquired taste.This hotel (like the other Ws) is dark and has a real &quot;cool and hip&quot; feel to it. At the age of 50, I am somewhat beyond being hip but I enjoy the feeling that I am cool for staying at the W.I enjoyed this hotel and would return. The desk personnel were very nice and recognized my Starwood Platinum status. They also gave an upgrade to my friend that was traveling with me. The lobby is very nice and has the usual W living room feel but this time with more of a classical library appearance. The drinks are quite expensive.The room was very nice and had a sitting area. There were 2 baths. There was no problem with cleanliness. My friend's room was also very nice and had more than enough room for his belongings. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms were quiet.We did not try the restauants.	
Sep 19 2004	Loved it	Loved the W! Chose this hotel for it's proximity to a training session I was attending. Stayed 3 nights in February 2004.The room was small, but comfortable. Loved the building, the lobby and the exercise room. As a female travelling alone, I felt comfortable and safe the entire time. This was not the case during a previous trip at a different hotel.The service was impeccable. I have never been so impressed with service. From check-in, to the concierge - the staff was amazing. I don't think I will be able to stay anywhere else when visiting the Chicago area.I very highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 2 2004	Complete disappointment	I made reservations for me and my 2 girls through the W’s central reservations number. I asked for an early check in and was told that we could check in at 1:00. We arrived at 1:00 and I was told that the room was not ready. I mentioned that my reservation was for early check in. I was told that I should have never been told that I could check in early because their rooms are never ready early and their check-in times are only guaranteed at 3:00. The clerk then offered to downgrade my room from a Mega to a standard. I refused and said that I would rather wait because I wanted a Mega. They offered to request a rush (for 2:30) and asked if they could store our luggage. Hoping to some kill time by doing something fun, we went to the concierge to ask about the bus tours. He was not very helpful and didn’t seem very knowledgeable about what is offered. I told him that I was interested in the Double-decker bus, but he kept insisting that the free trolley would be better for us. I really wanted a narrative tour and told him so. I asked him where to catch the bus and he said, “out there in front of the Sears Tower.” Well, directions and street names would have been more helpful since I was not at all familiar with the area. We ended up asking people on the street for help in finding the Tour’s payment center and bus stop. I spent $50 on the not-so-good tour in order to kill time waiting for our room to be cleaned. The tour company over sells their tickets so we waited in the hot sun 45 minutes for the 3rd bus to come by before there was enough room on the extremely over-crowded bus for us to get on.We returned to the hotel at 4:30. The lobby was completely crowded and reminded me of a campus on the first day of college. I waited and waited to get to the front desk. While waiting, the concierge noticed me standing there and came over to ask if he could assist me with anything. I told him I was still trying to check in. He was a little surprised because he thought we had already checked in. He brought 2 bottles of cold water for us while we waited (we were a group of 3). Finally I made it to check-in (15 minutes waiting) and, again I was told my room was not ready. I complained and said that this was unacceptable. The clerk left and returned a minute later and told me the room would be ready in 4 minutes…they were doing a final walk through to make sure the room was clean. He said that several people checked out late and the housekeepers were not able to get in to clean. I went to the business center to check my email and then we sat and sat and sat out in the busy lobby. Finally, I stood in the line again to check the status of my room that was promised in 4 minutes. By now, it is 5:15. It was apparent from the conversation with the couple in front of me that they were experiencing the same problem. Finally a 3rd person was helping me; again I am asked my name. I was furious. His apology did not seem genuine. I mentioned that I was paying $250 for essentially what is supposed to be 9 hours and that my room was not available for more than 2 of those hours (not counting the promised early check-in, and told him that I spent $50 on the tour to give them time to clean the room by 3:00. He offered to reduce my bill by $30. I told him to not bother. He then said he could take of $40 and that was the best he could do. I again told him not to bother. That if all that the W could do for this kind of snafu is to reduce my bill by $40 than forget it…I’d rather pay full price but I would never be back. He said, “okay, that is your choice.” I was really wanting to hear a sincere apology more than anything. Okay, finally we get a room key. We enter the room and...Wow! The floors were not vacuumed. There was obvious dirt everywhere. I called the whatever/whenever number and demanded that someone come with a vacuum. The “Head Stylist” (housekeeper) came to the room and looked around. She insisted that she was there when the housekeeper vacuumed so she knew that it had been vacuumed. I told her that I would not dispute her but that the floor is clearly very dirty. I asked if they vacuumed in the dark and she said no. She pointed to an area behind the front door to show the vacuum cleaner mark as proof that the floor had been cleaned. I said to her that we would just pickup the dirt ourselves because we were tired and I was already upset. She finally acknowledged that the floors were very dirty and said that they were rushed so maybe they didn’t do a good job. They finally vacuumed the floor. The Head Stylist offered to send us on a complimentary boat ride. I declined because we already had plans. She then offered us a complimentary meal at the We Ristorante and offered to still take off the $40 that I had refused earlier. Other complaints: There was a dirty towel in the bathroom! A huge brown streak down the folded side of a white towel. Yuck! The dark purple blanket was dirty and hairy. The very small closet was almost impossible to open. The knob would not turn so we had to yank the door open with all might. The $9.95 internet (web TV-like) service was a total waste of money. It was very slow and extremely limited. Phone calls were $1.50 local and $2.00 for using the 800# for the calling card. There was no liner for the ice bucket. The view was horrible. Nothing but the L-tracks, the top of the roof next door and construction work down below. The L train was very loud. The entire hotel was very dark. The location was not very good for a leisure trip because it is too far away from Michigan Ave. They don’t offer a shuttle service, it takes 15 to 30 minutes to get your car from the valet, and (parking is $38 per day). Even the common areas were dirty during our entire stay. It appears that they are severely short on cleaning staff. By the way, the same vacuum cleaner mark that the Head Stylist pointed to when we checked in was still there, undisturbed, when we checked out. No one walks in the corner wall behind the door! Duh!This is the worst stay that I’ve ever had and I would have to say that I am most disappointed by the lack of professionalism and training from the staff. They are not customer-focused, they never remembered or called me by my name, their apologies were insincere appeasements and being a Starwood Preferred Guest meant absolutely nothing to the outcome of the situation. I will never stay at a W Hotel again and would definitely discourage anyone I know from staying at a W. I will pay more attention to hotel reviews from now on. I will be traveling to Chicago again on Labor Day weekend and we plan to stay at the Swissotel.	
Jul 20 2004 	Total Disappointment	This is probably the worst experience that I have ever had at a hotel. I was at a conference that had 19 states represented. After talking to almost all of the attendees, I found only one that was pleased with their room, and then I found out that they were given a suite, for whatever reason. The rooms were very small with less than a foot between the foot of the bed and the wall. Then there were these ridiculous shadow boxes on the walls with cigarette lighters in them. It was virtually impossible to pass around the end of the bed without hitting your shoulder on one of the shadow boxes. The view from my room was a gorgeous tar and gravel covered roof of another part of the hotel. The bathroom was very small and even the closet was so narrow that you could not hang your clothes up properly. To top off the diminutive room, the food that was served to our conference was down right raunchy. First of all, they served fish to this large group, not taking into consideration that many people are allergic to fish. Then, the fact that the fish and the side dishes were completely tasteless didn't help matters. The meal the 2nd day was even worse than the first. Therefore, if I am ever scheduled to attend a conference at this hotel again, I will do a search for a local Motel 6. At least I know that I will be comfortable and perhaps can find food on my own that is palatable. Other than this horrible hotel, Chicago was fantastic.	
Jul 14 2004	Ditto to "yuck" reviewer	The 1st room they sent me to was so small, I couldn't get my lugguge thru the entranceway into the bedroom. Dark Purple walls with a view of nothing but an office building's windows (no matter how you cranned your neck) denied even the thinnest ray of sunlight. Tons of hair on the blankets. Strange stains in weird places. Dirty towel in the bathroom. Thin walls that let thru the neighbors voices even when they were speaking in a normal tone. When they began to laugh and scream I asked for another room. The 2nd room was better than the 1st by far, but it was also very small, situated directly over the L tracks (remember the scene from 7even with Pitt, Paltrow &amp; Freeman?) with a view of the next building's roof-top which was under construction and contained debris. I wouldn't walk barefoot in either of the rooms. You probably don't want to stay here for more than $59 a night. Instead, try the W Lakeshore. It was fabulous (2 years ago anyway).	
Jun 14 2004	Amazing	The customer is always right at the W hotel. My experience at this hotel could not possibly warrant a single complaint. The rooms are stylish and make you feel as if you are in a calm and soothing bedroom instead of a hotel room. The colors produce a feeling of contentment and the bed, which has a pillow top mattress covered by a featherbed with feather pillows and a feather comforter will give you the best nights sleep you have ever had. The level of comfort and style in this hotel is unbeleivable. The bathrooms were marble with a very modern and clean feel. The furniture was colorful and comfortable. Discrepancies that I had with my bill were corrected immediately with NO questions asked. When I ordered room service which was impeccable, I received a call from guest services afterwards asking if the food was to my liking. I got the 'celebrate' package when I stayed which included champagne and strawberries, a full breakfast, free valet parking, and taxes included for 269, then I received the second night for 99! Well worth every penny.	
Jun 12 2004	Yuck! Overpriced 	Being out of towners on a business trip, we accidentally chose a hotel &quot;on the wrong side of the tracks.&quot; So, we went in search of another and found the W-with its very cool lobby. Well, the lobby was the only good part about this hotel. After arriving in our room, we couldn't believe how small it was. You could almost stand in the bathtub and still reach the sink to brush your teeth! It looked like a very old, run down building that had a lot of knick-knacks and trendy furniture added to it, to try to justify the high price. This was literally the smallest hotel room we have ever stayed in and we have traveled considerably in the states and abroad. Besides the $8 bottle of water in the fridge, you could find an &quot;intimacy kit&quot; complete with condoms and lubricating jelly and some waxed lips in your room. Gross! Yes, the &quot;L&quot; is outside your window, and is pretty loud but it is the least of your worries. Don't leave your window shades up, as there are perverts in the office buildings next door that like the watch the guests. This hotel isn't really next to anything, except the &quot;L&quot; and the Sears Tower. Do yourself a favor and stay down by Lake Michigan. There were many nicer hotels in that area of town. There was constant, thumping loud music coming from the d.j. spinning records in the lobby and the hallways were so dark you could barely see your way around. They were also having some model shoot in the lobby as well, which was weird. Their &quot;King Sized Bed&quot; room was not a king. It was a double. They had a fleece throw on top of the bedspread that had little hairs all over it. I will never stay there again. I am glad I can say I experienced the W hotels though, so I know never to make the same mistake. Stay in a Westin. They are much nicer and not as expensive or &quot;trendy.&quot; The only reason one would stay here is to rent a room by the hour! The W Chicago says Trashy, not Classy!	
Jun 4 2004	Fantastic stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the W City Center for four days in May 2004. We had a fantastic stay! The staff was friendly and helpful. The concierge gave us dinner suggestions and directions to an excellent moderately priced restaurant that we never would have found on our own. The bed truly is amazing. This hotel is very sultry and chic. It feels like one very large lounge. Can't wait to experience another W hotel!	
May 27 2004	Nice staff-terribly trained		
May 24 2004	Very nice hotel; I was pleased		
May 21 2004	Have to check it out!		
Jan 7 2004	Incredible hotel Incredible experience		
Dec 17 2003 	Watch out!!!		
Nov 13 2003	Meeting Planners Beware!!		
Oct 23 2003	Close to the "L" ... not a plus		
Sep 28 2003	what a letdown		
Apr 30 2003	Loved it!		
Sep 19 2002	GREAT Experience!		
