Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic Experience Great Location!	What a sleek exterior, cool vibe, and yet so laid back and friendly! Our room was sooo cool, with chrome, lots of mirrors, a wonderfully comfortable bed and pillows, and great bathroom facilities, with a really roomy shower - built for 2?. And what a staff! We asked for a room with &quot;a bit of a view&quot; and wound up with a view of Michigan Avenue, the Wrigley Plaza, and the river. And the location! If you were to make downtown Chicago into a dart board, this would be the bullseye. It is absolutely dead-center, right between the Loop and the Mag Mile, just a block from the river. In fact, we were able to watch the Festival of Lights parade from that great window we were given. It's a block from the Cultural Center and the train station, a couple of blocks from the theater district, the Art Institute, Macy's, etc, etc....It's right by the river walk, plenty of breakfast/lunch spots scattered about. The Hard Rock is into music, giving you the option of renting a Gibson (?) guitar to use if you'd like. Unfortunately, music is one of 2 areas they fell short of perfection for us. There was no cd player for our music (though there was an i pod hookup)...and the rooms could use more storage. They are huge, with lots of wall space, but one more chest of drawers would go a long way to solve that problem. Still, that's not enough to give anything but a stellar review for our weekend stay. We definitely got our Rock On!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Underwhelmed	This is our second time at a Hard Rock property. We stayed at the Hard Rock San Diego in 2008. The Chicago location is not as swank as San Diego. We had issues with San Diego as well - that of also being underwhelmed. The &quot;vibe&quot; was &quot;too cool&quot;The Hotel itself is nice. But we had issues on check in - they didn't give us the correct room for the package we booked, so when we had to change rooms after pointing that out. Not a big deal really. But then in our new up-graded room the bathroom was smaller with just a regular tub - not a nice large glass shower that was in the smaller room. The black out blind fell down in the upgraded room, the toilet didn't flush properly and they didn't give us the $50 dining credit that was included in our package!! The rooms are nice, but they were much nicer at the Hard Rock San Diego. The China Grill was good for both dinner and breakfast. The lcoation of the hotel is great - right on Michigan Ave - you don't have to go very far for food and shopping.The concierge was great for suggesting places for dinner and making the reservation. But the front desk staff was iffy. Not overly friendly in my opinion.For the money you pay to stay and park ($46/night) you expect a little more - esp compared to other hotels in this price range that we have stayed at.So is another Hard Rock stay in our future? Probably not.	
Nov 20 2009 	best city vaca ever!	rooms were imaculately clean, very nicely furnished, staff bent over backwards for anything we requested! free guitars in room is incredible, my boyfriend had a blast! and the in-room breakfast rocked my world... very much worth the price! we hope to go back again!	
Nov 20 2009 	My Favorite Chicago Hotel! Cool Vibe!	The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago has become my favorite hotel. I've stayed there at least 5 times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience. As you might have guessed - it has a super Rock &amp; Roll theme, with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor's elevator lobby. The rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians. You can request being on the floor of your favorite band (like KISS, Aerosmith, etc...)The rooms are GREAT. Well appointed. SUPER Comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows. The large TV has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience. There's a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar. I've always had a room with big windows and a view down Michigan Ave (the hotel sits right on Michigan - a block from the canal). The bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design... some of the showers have windows in side of them (you can shower AND enjoy the view down Michigan!) or close the waterproof drapes. I've never had anything but a great experience with the staff here... front desk, doorman, etc are all great. There's a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy. Big screen TV to catch the latest scores, too. Of course, Rock &amp; Roll music pumps thru the place. You can stay at a &quot;plain&quot; hotel anywhere... but this is a GREAT, WELL DESIGNED, FUN and MEMORABLE HOTEL that you'll want to return back to. If I had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight. My daily car parking rate was close to $50 per night, which I'm sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop.Stay here. Be cool.	
Nov 19 2009 	Fantastic experience	The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great room great staff great location!	This was my first visit to Chicago and I'm so glad I stayed at the Hardrock. The location was unbeatable and everything about the hotel itself was fabulous. From the beautiful and comfortable room to the helpful and friendly staff. Overall, one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. Added bonus: 2 minute walk to the &quot;L&quot; train (orange line which goes straight to Midway), making getting to and from the airport totally easy. I will definitely stay at the Hardrock next time I visit Chicago!	
Nov 15 2009 	Great....worth every penny!!!	I stayed in chicago for a 2 night stay at the hard rock hotel. It was one of the best hotel i've ever stayed at. Great restaurant, bar, and shops. The clients working there were amazing. They helped us with everthing we needed. The rooms were nice and clean. Bathrooms were great. The service was amazing. A lady named Lyla working at the front desk was such a gem. She was so nice!! Great location and wonderful view of the city. Everthying you would want is within couple blocks..so if you want to stay someplace in chicago..do not hesitate to stay at the hard rock!!	
Nov 12 2009 	WOW!	This was my 2nd time staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. I thought everything was amazing the first time I stayed there 3 months ago but they managed to make my stay even better this time. My husband and I met another couple there and we needed connecting rooms. The in-house reservation woman (I can't for the life of me remember her name even tho I called her 5 or 6 times in one day) was amazing and so helpful and she was able to help me get exactly what I needed at a price I could afford. The entire hotel staff is super friendly and helpful. Professional but with a sense of humor, which I personally love! Something else that impressed me was the fact that more than one staff member remembered me from 3 months ago AND remembered my name! Todd at the concierge desk was so helpful in finding us an AMAZING restaurant! I love the music and overall feel of the hotel. Plus, a girl has to love the fact that the Hard Rock Hotel uses Aveda toiletry products!! Perfect! I'm looking forward to planning my next stay!!	
Nov 5 2009 	WOW! The Hard Rock was amazing great people and great location!	The Hard Rock was amazing! The staff was incredible and the rooms were great. The location is pretty prime, the Metra was real close and it seemed like everything was in real close walking distance. I definitely recommend staying here if you have a chance, you will regret it if you miss out.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We spent two days at the Hard Rock Hotel, and frankly we couldn't have asked for a better stay. The Hotel itself is wonderful, the room was great and the bed was as comfortable as any I've slept in. The staff was prompt, knowledgable and extremely friendly. I plan on making it a yearly stop. So should you.	
Oct 30 2009 	Well located hotel in a great city	Stayed here in June 2009. The hotel building is old and very nice looking from the outside. Inside the hotel feels a little dated – nothing to be concerned about but the television wasn’t an LCD and the walls a little faded. As others have pointed out the rooms are a little dark but I wouldn’t let this put you off. Didn’t try the food in the hotel as there are plenty of nice restaurants nearby.The location of the hotel was perfect for us – within walking distance from a lot of the touristy things to do in Chicago. The view from our room wasn’t great but I’m sure they have rooms with better views. There are a couple of free computers available in the lobby with internet access and a printer which could come in useful if you want to OLCI for a flight.Would certainly consider staying here again but there are probably better options available. Big thumbs up for Chicago though – it’s a very nice friendly city to visit with lots to see and do.	
Oct 24 2009 	Sinply the Best	The experience at the Hard Rock Hotel was brilliant, fron check in to my room to the views, I could not fault my stay, I liked it so much I cancelled a different hotel to stay at the Hard Rock longer	
Oct 23 2009 	Chicago blew us away!!	Wanted a long weekend so decided to see Chicago. I was looking for a hotel that was modern but different so we selected the Hard Rock Hotel. It was everything we were looking for. The staff was friendly and helpful, the hotel was maticulous and the drinks were fantastic. The hotel is situated in the middle of it all. What a great weekend!	
Oct 19 2009	Problems checking in and dark rooms but overall okay for what we payed	We arrived around 3:30pm on Friday October 16th, and were welcomed with a lot of problems checking in. We had called in advance because we had booked 2 rooms, with 4 couples per room…and needed 2 beds per room. We were given 2 rooms with 1 king bed each, and were told by the gentlemen checking us in, “Sorry- we’re fully booked. And unless you know the name of the person you talked to when you asked for 2 double beds, there is nothing we can do.” Needless to say, 2 beds for 8 people were not going to work. It took us probably a good hour or so until someone finally offered us 3 rooms at a lower rate, so we would have enough beds to accommodate everyone. When we finally got to the rooms, we found them small, but clean. The walls are painted gray and the lighting is TERRIBLE, so it was very dark in the rooms even during the day. And the lighting in the bathrooms was not much better either. Overall, it was a good stay (once we finally got past the bad experience at check-in). The hotel is in a great location, so that outweighed some of the negatives of the hotel. We got the rooms at a discounted rate through a travel website, but unless we got that rate again, probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location Great room!	This was my second stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The Carbide and Carbon building is my favorite in Chicago, so I was thrilled when they turrned it into a hotel. We arrived early for check-in and we were given a choice of rooms since all they had at that time was lower floors, and the option to wait later for a better room. We took a room on the 3rd floor, with a great view of Michigan avenue, and a PLETHORA of room! You could do cartwheels in there, which is a lot to be said for a downtown Chicago hotel room.I will have to agree that the rooms are dark, but that's part of the &quot;decor&quot; at the Hard Rock. We were there for leisure, so this was not a big deal for us. We loved the deep window sills and I spent late Sat. evening people watching while my fiance got ready for the Chicago Marathon. Bed was super comfy.The bathroom was clean, roomy, and trendy. We did have to call for more towels, but they came up immediately with them.After the marathon, we asked for a quick and casual place for lunch. The front desk directed us to a bar a block away and gave us a coupon for a free appetizer. It was the perfect fit for what we needed and the food was great!We used the doormen alot and they were great every time. Check-out was extended for an hour since we had a late flight (our request) and was seamless.Everything we needed was within walking distance and we had no problems finding our way around. We dropped off a car at Hertz which is about 2 blocks away.	
Oct 15 2009 	More light please	A high-quality hotel in all the essentials: clean, comfortable, modern, centrally located, well staffed. But I wouldn't choose to stay here again. The pervasive rock-and-roll aesthetic simply didn't do much for me. And the whole place felt dark. It's as though they used only 25-watt bulbs in all the fixtures. Walking down the hall to my room was like going through a tunnel. I had a corner room with windows on two sides, but even in the daytime with all the lights turned on, it still felt dim. As one of my colleagues said, &quot;If you're an aging rock star, light is not your friend.&quot; That summed up the Hard Rock for me.	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice Hotel - Wonderful Staff	My husband and I recently visited the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago for a recent convention that was actually at McCormick Place. We chose the Hard Rock for its reputation as a cool, unassuming hotel. We made the right choice. We were greeted enthusiastically by Angelo and were given a suite on the 26th floor. However, it didn't take us long to figure out that something was wrong. There was a consistent noise that kept rattling every few seconds. I called the front desk and immediately the engineer came up to investigate the problem. He assured me he would speak to the staff member at the front desk and she would get back to me - sure enough the phone rang minutes later with the determination that our room was close to a mechanical room and sound would continue. I was not happy, but Claudia (at the front desk) did an awesome job of relocating us, ultimately to a beautiful Tower Suite and giving us several passes for the beautiful breakfast buffet at the China Grill restaurant. All the staff here were professional, friendly and helpful. Even though we were less than pleased at first, they made every effort to make our stay exceptional - Demetrius was terrific at helping us with our luggage and the housekeeping staff kept everything neat and clean - even bringing up a new blow dryer quickly as the one in our room was only blowing cold air.I would highly recommend this hotel. It was a great location, not your usual stuffy city hotel and my husband loved the &quot;Check In Rock Out&quot; program where he had a Custom Les Paul guitar to play for the duration of our stay - I hope they expand this program to other Hard Rock Hotels as we will be going to the Hard Rock in Orlando in February and both my son and husband would love to participate in this program there as well.Thanks for a great time - we can't wait to get back!!!!!!!	
Oct 12 2009 	Poor room dirty bathroom worn washcloths inoperative elevators; avoid as you would ebola	The check-in process was about the only part of the stay that was done well. Our room was not clean. There was trash from a previous guest in and on the chair in the corner of the room. There were “rings” from coffee or some other beverages on the night stands, and, the bathroom wall had a very prominent brown stain right above the light switch….I don’t want to think about what it might have been. We also noticed that the washcloths were frayed at the edges…when they reach this stage at our house we retire them to be used for housecleaning or washing the car…but we don’t use them on our bodies after they are obviously worn out. We also had no lotion in the bathroom…two conditioners we had….lotion we didn’t. Finally, there were some serious issues with the elevators on Saturday morning. On our way down, we took car 3 and pushed L for lobby….and the car went down to what it said was the 4th floor, but the doors would not open and did not open for a good 60 seconds. When they did, we were on the 5th floor, not the 4th as it said inside the elevator. We got off since that car seemed to be having issues and we did not feel safe in it. We pushed the button to call another elevator and waited nearly TEN minutes before one came, which was full. This was car number 1. We waited another five minutes and neither car 2 or 3 ever stopped on the 5th floor going up or down…. We called the front desk and the woman suggested we push another button when we asked if there was a problem after we had waited for five minutes. What we ended up doing was pushing the UP button, waited until car 1, apparently the only functional elevator came, and then rode up to the 25th floor just so we could get down to the lobby. The whole episode took fifteen minutes…just to leave the premises. Doubly irritating was the nearly $200 price tag on the room. We usually stay at the Palmer House or the Hampton Inn but they were full. The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago advertises itself as a 4 star property on Hotwire/Travelocity. Make no mistake about it, The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is barely a 2 star hotel. We routinely stay at Hampton Inns as we travel and Hilton Garden Inns and these hotels always are well maintained and clean, and, offer good service, something that is lacking at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. We will make a point to avoid it in the future, and, make sure that we tell all of our friends that they would be better off staying elsewhere as well.	
Oct 11 2009 	Christmas in Chicago	Staff was great, especially considering that we were there for three days including Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. I would have given this hotel three stars except for the staff. Wonderful room service breakfast on Christmas Day! The room decor and hallways were a little dingy, which really disappointed me, but it wasn't too bad. Great location for shopping and dining. Morton's is right next door and is amazing! 	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location and fun building/room	I would highly recommend this hotel if you get the right price. If you are here for either business or leisure, both the location and property are fantastic. The bed was super comfortable, but the pillows smelled kind of odd - like they were musty or something? You can definitely tell that the room is worn - carpet and walls a bit stained a in one or two places - but it was very clean. The bed was immaculate and the furniture was fun. I agree the place is a bit dark, but aren't most hotel rooms these days? I thought it was funny that the television had mtv, but I missed the wider array of news channels! I must admit, the sound system on the flat screen was quite nice! I even enjoyed the HUGE picture of Steve Tyler on my wall! ha. I thought the bathroom was nicely appointed and roomy enough. The mirror was large enough to allow both my husband and I to get ready in the morning. I enjoyed the aveda products and the towels were nice. Had to call down for a bathrobe, but when it arrived it was very plush and comfy. I LOVED the fact that the hotel offered free internet. This is huge for me. The fitness center was just okay. not great, but at least it had some free weights. the only thing I was pretty not happy with was the parking situation. I just think 50 dollars a night for parking is ridiculous! especially when it is several blocks away and takes more than 20 minutes to get your car! seriously, people?I went for a work conference (didn't want to stay in the conference hotel), but stayed an extra day to tour around with my husband. did I mention the location is fabulous? It is RIGHT on Michigan avenue and you can walk to anywhere touristy. The staff is extremely helpful with maps and recommendations, etc. I didn't try the china grill, so can't comment on that.we paid around 150 a night to stay here. I highly recommend it.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Trendy "Rock Theme" Hotel	Stayed at the Hard Rock in September. The rooms were clean with nice furnishings. Loved the Aveda room amenities. Service was great with the exception of one morning when I called down to order room service for breakfast at 6:00am. A lady answered the phone and said &quot;Can I have someone phone you back? I am the only person working right now.&quot; She did not sound happy. No one called me back. Perfect location just south of the river and right on Michigan Ave. I felt safe walking at night as there were many people still out there. There is a Walgreens located across the street. There are endless places to dine nearby. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Hard Rock.	
Oct 5 2009 	Awesome time at the Hard Rock! Can't wait to go back!!	I just stayed at Hard Rock this past weekend for a family wedding and it was fantastic. We flew in Thursday since my husband and I had never been to Chicago. The rooms/hallways are a bit dark but its dramatic and what I expected for Hard Rock. It really wasn't an issue..after all we were there to see the city not the room. However, I have a horrible back and this is the first time in a long time I woke up in a hotel and my back felt refreshed, even after walking the city for 8-9 hours the day before. The concierge was super helpful. All the staff was super nice. The Base bar had a super loud party Friday night when we got back from a family dinner, but by the time you got around the corner to the elevators it was significantly muffled and our rooms were very quiet. They have very thick floor to ceiling drapes that are great in the morning - they block everything! The rooms were much bigger than I thought. Bathrooms were a bit tight, but were clean and thats all that really matters to me. I mean how much time do you really spend in the bathroom anyways! I am a stickler for clean hotels and Hard Rock impressed me. Our room was very clean, housekeeping seemed meticulous. It is only a short block to Millenium Park, tons of restaurants and Magnificent Mile. We were never disrupted and truly enjoyed our stay. I would stay here again in a heartbeat! Thanks Hard Rock for a great weekend!	
Oct 2 2009 	Very nice but a few quirks	I was a little concerned about the hotel after reading some of the negative reviews, but for the most part they were overblown.The hotel is in an historic Art Deco building in a fabulous location right on Michigan Ave. The room is very nice with a very comfortable bed, a large flat screen tv with excellent audio and a clean modern bathroom. The only negative about the room is that it's too dark. We had to call housekeeping to ask for an additional lamp, which they said they couldn't bring until the next day, but managed to find and bring to us quickly.The high speed Internet is wired and wireless in the room and free. That's a biggie for me and quite nice.The fitness room in the basement is fairly well equipped with some nice conveniences like headphones with disposable foam covers, but guess what? It's too dark in there too. What's with this darkness in the hotel? Is it supposed to be romantic? I don't need my room or the fitness center to be romantic.The China Grill is a top notch restaurant that's attached to the hotel through the lobby -- great if you want a fine meal without having to put on a coat or find an umbrella.The only other annoying thing I can think of is that there was no notification to my room that packages had arrived for me. They should have put a paper notice or had the light blink on my phone. I had to call and ask if any packages had arrived for me. What if I didn't know? Just an annoying little lapse in service.Overall, I would definitely recommend the hotel. I give it a 9, but not a 10.	
Sep 29 2009 	Superb! Loved It!	The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy, but an absolutely fantastic hotel.... I was in town for business and stayed here because of it's location, but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it...right on the river, cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street. Regardless- the room was clean, the staff was friendly, but NOT annoying and the bar was fun. I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD!I'll definitely try it again!	
Sep 29 2009 	Could not have asked for a better hotel	I am SO thrilled with the Hard Rock Chicago. I have stayed in many hotels, of all price ranges, all over the country, and I must say this was one of the nicest. I can also say for sure that the staff here was by far the most helpful and friendliest I have ever encountered. The location is perfect for so many things...only one block from: the start of the Mag Mile, State Street shopping, and Millennium Park; just a short walk or subway ride to the theatre district; convenient to river boat tours; and anywhere else you want to go is accessible by the plentiful CTA stops nearby in all directions. Room service was too expensive for me, but there are so many food options within 1-2 blocks it really wasn't an issue. (Starbucks and Subway are on the same block, and there is a Giordanos pizza across the street.) I loved the valet parking option, because it allowed me to pull up to the door and then forget about my car for my whole trip. (The valet isn't cheap, but neither is regular parking in downtown Chicago.)I would HIGHLY recommend the Hard Rock Chicago to anyone. It was worth every cent, and I fully intend to stay there again!	
Sep 27 2009 	most impressed	I was very impressed with all aspects of this hotel	
Sep 26 2009 	awesome hotel great location excellent service!!	I stayed with a friend for a night for a farewell party. It was beautiful. The staff was great, the hotel room was huge and very nice, the beds the best ever. We received a little welcome gift which was really nice. Even leaving really early in the morning everything was perfectly organized with transport, restaurants, bars etc.,.... We felt like Rockstars. I will be back. Keep on rocking	
Sep 14 2009 	Hard Rock was a good choice!!	I read some negative reviews about the Hotel so I came to it alittle skeptical. I was pleasantly surprised with the room and staff. Now mind you, im not that picky about some carpet stain or furniture that might be damaged. In general, I like a clean room with a good bathroom and bed, and of course TV for some sports while I get ready to go out. The Hard Rock was great this way.... I liked the Rock theme in the rooms and different floors, although staring at Kiss was not my first choice. The lobby was good, staff nice and location was great!!! It seemed to be younger and energetic than other Hotels I stayed at downtown..They had a promotion going wherein they let you pick an electric of acustic Gibson guitar and take it to your room and play it during your stay....totally cool thing that ive never done before...The lobby bar is good, not great. They played some techno loud music during the football games that drove me nuts but now im being picky...Overall, great room, great price and good staff...	
Sep 14 2009 	Quite good location overpriced for drab small room	The room we stayed in was on the &quot;Kiss&quot; floor, one of the upper floors. The hotel is very quite although you can hear motor cycles from Michigan Ave. The carpet in the halls had little patches in them and are very worn. The elevators and are subtley marked as to the floors they service. A guest not familar with the system was confused and I had to tell hem that certain elevators service limited floors. The rooms are small and overpriced for what you get. The desk in our room had scratches worn through the wood as if a cat had scratched it for hours. The room is a bit drab and nothing to write home about. For the money, there are many more hotels in Chicago that have better rooms and experiences. One positive, the Art Deco Union Carbide building was saved from the wrecking ball, but a better hotel chain should have taken over and the experience would have been worth the money.One highlight was the China Grill, which is associated with the Hard Rock, was very good. An understanding of the menu is needed. The entres are ment to be shared. The proportions are appropriate and very tastey. It's a bit pricey, but attainable and the food is different with good service.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good Times.	My girlfriend and I went on a short trip to Chicago and stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel. They offered a great deal on their website and couldn't pass it up. The location is right in the heart of city and a ton of tourist spots surround the hotel (i.e. Navy Pier, Millenium Park, etc.). Upon arrival the staff was very welcoming and helpful. Our room was great! View was nice and the room was very clean and had a modern feel to it. House keeping did a great job on cleaning the room the next day and even straightened up my mess of bags and clothes. haha. Great job! My girlfriend and I will definitely come back to Hard Rock Hotel.	
Sep 2 2009 	one of the best	Hi i stayed at the hard rock chicago from the 7th of august until the 11th during lollapalooza music festival!!!! i must say i found everything to be of the highest standards the room was the &quot;HARD ROCK KING&quot; a beautiful spacious room at the front corner of the building with a stunning view down michigan avenue! it was exactly how i saw it on the website! as for the house keeping it was superb as all can imagine a 3 day music festival in 98f heat is very fatiguing not much effort left to clean the room but house keeping had it brand new each of the 5 nights we stayed! i could go on and on but overall a five star hotel at 4 star prices......... John (Ireland)	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Value For Single Fathers!	I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that!	
Aug 21 2009 	Was Nice	Pretty hotel with good service at front desk and only fair in the restaurant. The people in the meetings department were very good. The banquet we had was very nice. Overall it was a good hotel for the money. Liked the free internet in the lobby - have not seen that before. It was a good location in the center of downtown. I would return on a future visit.	
Aug 18 2009 	it's ok	Trendy hotel, modern design...the room I stayed in was large, I couldn't tell if I had been upgraded because it was one open space, with a long hall dividing the front door and bathroom (with a shower that could fit 4 people). I just didn't understand the planning of the room (weird layout) and the hotel itself wasn't as plush as I thought it COULD be...like the Palms in Las Vegas or Loew's Hotels	
Aug 15 2009 	You're Paying For Location and Name.	Simply said, location is great! I've stayed in better hotels, however. I arrived in Chicago via Amtrak (early!) around 8:30am. I took the water taxi to Michigan Ave. which was free that time, $3 back. The hotel is only two blocks from the dock. My intentions at 9:30 were to drop my bags off, but there was a room available, and having started my trip at 4 in Nashville, all I could say was, nice. I caught a great room rate of $144 on Expedia, day of check-in I overheard rates starting at $249. I definitely wouldn't have payed that. Here's what I didn't like about the room; one big selling point for me, traveling alone, was their DVD players, nope, none of the rooms have those, the pay-per-view movies are 11.99 for new-release and 13.99 for still in theaters(dumb). The fridge is filled w/ stuff no-one ever buys unless they Really need it because there's a Walgreen's right next door, and their waters aren't $8. So you can't fit anything You buy in there (fridge) and you can't take it out because the items are on a weight sensor and they'll charge you. No ice buckets in rooms (I wasn't only one). Elevators usually took 1-10min. Once almost 15!! Soap smells like Tylenol Cold. Room is lit by 3 piano style lights, that's it. Millennium park is 2 blocks away. I went to a Thursday Night Jazz Concert, that was cool! Mag Mile's down the road. Overall those problems aren't necessities and the location's great so I'll give it a 3, but that's also paying $144, if I payed $249, 1star, fer sure. There's too much they're slacking on. They need to get it together or just keep the rates low. Sure Hard Rock can afford it.	
Aug 13 2009 	Best Stay EVER...handed a Gibson Guitar at check-in to play during my stay.	If the question is &quot;Do you get rock star treatment at the Hard Rock Hotel?&quot; the answer is an absolute yes. Upon checking in, I was asked if I'd like a Gibson Guitar to play during my stay...I then got to choose from a wide variety of all styles of Gibsons, settling on one I've always dreamed of owning (ES-335) and had it delivered to my room free of charge to play during my stay. It arrived with a small effects amp and a pair of headphones. In addition to the coolest perk of any hotel that I've stayed with, the service was excellent at the front desk, the bar, the gift shop and throughout my stay.The Hard Rock more than lived up to its name.	
Aug 13 2009 	You can do MUCH MUCH better in Chicago!	So I am writing this from the hotel - 1st time for this...have used Trip Advisor many times and truely believe in the reviews (unfortunately for us we didn't look at the reviews for this one!). Can say I have never had the urge to write a review from the hotel itself before so much and say AVOID! It is a great location but that is it! There are many other hotels in the area that also offer a great location and a better room/service for less than you will pay here. We have been in Chicago many times and have stayed at other locations in the downtown core...we were swayed by the pics and also by the &quot;Hard Rock&quot; name - our fault but please do not beleive the pics on their website - they have been taken long before the current condition of this hotel.In our room we counted at least 45+ cigarettes burns in the carpet and at least a few in the furinture, numerous drink stainds on all surfaces...so like a wild party happened last night and they cleaned up the bottles and broken glass but that is all! The hotel service of your room is sketchy at best. You would do well to select another hotel in the area that will offer the same great location with much better service/quality at the same price or probably less!	
Aug 12 2009 	Just ok	The location is outstanding, and my room was roomy with very nice bedding and kind of sleek, sexy look about it. But I also had a dusty bathroom and several knicks in the walls that could have easily been fixed. When I checked in the staff had a weird sort of snottiness about them that bugged me, but check-out was great, and the kitchen staff seemed very responsive. Oddly, the matzo ball soup has no matzo balls in it. Still tasty though. The free wi-fi and free printing is great for business travellers, but there are other hotels in the area that are nicer for the same money.	
Aug 12 2009 	Perfect location	Great location, cannot fault it. Love the reception area, looks very smart. We were upgraded to a much nicer suite on arrival but it was noisy and too near the elevator which was a pity as it was really a swanky suite. We politely asked to be moved immediately but I was not impressed with the customer service at the front desk. His response to our request was awful and he certainly needs training in customer service. Our room was changed the following day and we accepted the 3rd choice which was on a much lower floor but it was quiet. (Stay away from floors 26 - 28 tower part of the hotel due to the elevator noise) further dealings with the front desk staff the following day was not satisfactory either i.e. their attitude. The concierge on the other hand was great and very helpful. The rooms were good, smart &amp; amenities were excellent. I loved the Aveda products in the bathrooms. There was some wear and tear in the rooms and some areas need to be refurbished, which may be happening as we had a brand new 42inch plasma delivered to our room.I used the gym and it was very good. Overall I would say we had a pleasant experience and recommend it.	
Aug 11 2009 	Gorgeous room great view and the BEST location!	Maybe my room was newly renovated, because it doesn't match the description of many of the reviews here. The room was bright, big, modern, and well decorated. I did pay an extra $20 for a &quot;select&quot; room. Maybe that's the difference. The corner room had four big windows which opened slightly and a great view of the river. A plasma TV sat on a very modern console. The bed and pillows were so comfortable, my wife wanted to buy one of the pillows. You can easily walk to the Chicago Art Institute, the &quot;bean&quot;, and many other points of interest. WHen we asked the concierge for a recommendation for a nice place for a casual lunch and beer, he gave us a coupon for a free appetizer at the Emerald Loop Irish Pub, just blocks away. The food was so good, we ate there again the next day!	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location...	You couldn't ask for more in a location for a hotel. We were able to get the rate of 189 so for the price and the half priced parking, it was a steal. I am not sure I would've paid any more than that for the hotel. We mainly paid for the location. It is walking distance from &quot;the bean&quot; and from all the shopping on Mag Mile and Water tower. If you needed a walgreens or cvs, there was one on every corner. The room itself is definitely older. I was expecting at least the tv to be updated. Room service is extremely over priced. We paid 70 dollars for two breakfasts, and a pot of coffee...if it wasn't supposed to be a romantic get a way I would've suggested to go to a coffee shop down the street. Check in was very easy along with valet parking. The staff was very helpful.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good location - to be a tourist	Location is on North Michigan Ave between Millenium Park and Magnificant Mile. We are from New York City so it was like staying near Rock Center and 5th Avenue. Hotel is clean, staff is nice and there is a good bar scene. Skip the breakfast at China Grill in the mornings - it's nothing special and over priced and instead go to the Corner Street Bakery Cafe around the corner for better selection and price. Drinks at the lobby bar are better than at China Grill but still pricey.BEWARE of the mini-bar: it is weight sensored so don't try taking stuff out to put your own (less expensive) bottled water. It automatically charges the room if you take something out for more than 60 seconds. We had 2 $8.00 charges for bottled water that we didn't drink. The hotel glady reveresed the charge though.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location... Okay hotel!	The location to this hotel was wonderful. Everything was in walking distance!China Grill the restaurant next door was wonderful just a bit overpriced. Which it seems all nicer restaurants in Chicago are.The hotel... Just like everyone said. The rooms were quite dark as if they are trying to hide something. Looking closer basically all furniture was old and scratched. From a distance or should I say in an online picture looks good. I was quite disappointed. It was not the typical Hard Rock. I would only recommend this Hard Rock if they didn't care what type of hotel they stayed at.	
Jul 16 2009 	Would think again about staying here a second time	Great location and we managed to walk everywhere! Good location for shopping and sightseeing, as Navy Pier, Sear Tower, State Street and Magnificent Mile shopping is very near.We had 2 rooms booked and arrived very early in the day and the hotel managed to check us in to 1 of our rooms, which was great and not anticipated by us at all. We were told that they had no connecting rooms or rooms next to each other and that we would be on the same floor, which was fine by us. On entrance of the room, it looked clean and modern, but then at closer expectation, you notice the TV sets are out of date and the windows are not the easiest to open, without a fight or a slight chance of hurting yourself. Also, we noticed the lighting is very low in the rooms, and I wasn’t sure if this was because they are trying to hide something or just give the whole hotel and dim lighted look, but in the rooms, the guest should have the choice on how low or high the lighting should be, especially if you have dropped an earring and can’t see anything, without your trusty pocket sized Maglite!When we were unpacking, we noticed the in-room safe didn’t work and when we called down to report the fault, security was with us in under 5mins, which was excellent! We dined at China Grill restaurant, which was next door to the hotel and we were not disappointed, we had a taster menu for around $60 each and managed to sample which looked like everything on their menu! Amazing, I must say that this was the best part of staying at this hotel and it wasn’t even run by Hard Rock!We purchased merchandise from the Hard Rock store and the service there was good, we also had a good experience with the concierge. My experience at the Base bar was bad. I had to wait over 20mins for service, he wasn’t very informative and turned his back on me and walked away half way through my drink order! The day before check out I arranged for 1 of our rooms to have a late check out of 5pm, (for a fee) as our flight back wasn’t until 10pm. On arrival back to the hotel around 4pm, my room key wouldn’t work and I was locked out of the room for 30mins, as we hadn’t finished packing, this meant we would be delayed in vacating the room. 2 calls to front desk later and we finally entered the room, we paid not to be locked out of. All these issue have been brought up with the hotel and I can say that they have replied to all my concerns with their acknowledgment.	
Jun 29 2009 	Couldn't ask for a better location	My husband and I scored a deal here after a Hotwire mix-up and overall we were quite happy with our room. In my personal and humble opinion the staff were professional and prompt. We requested extra pillows and help with our room safe and we had barely made it off of the elevator and into our room before each of these requests were fulfilled. The staff were always able to make great recommendations in regards to which restaurants would best suit our tastes and price range which we were always satisfied with. There are many, many coffeehouses steps away from the hotel if the room service price list is too high for you. We were also advised at check-in to alert the staff if we disrupted the mini-bar and snack drawer by mistake and we had absolutely no trouble with either compartment during our week here.Yes, the room was small and we had a great view of the ventilation system but this didn't matter in the least to us because we weren't in Chicago to spend all week couped up in a hotel. There are simply too many sights, tastes, and shopping to take in and after jam packed days we knew that we would always be arriving to a clean comfortable bed.The only drawback for us was the inconsistency with which our paper was delivered. We requested a copy for each day during check-in but it seemed to be hit and miss every morning. Perhaps other guests on our floor were snagging ours before we could get to it.	
Jun 20 2009 	It is a bit rough!	The web site is sooo much better than reality. The lobby is okay. The room is dark and the decor is lacking. The bed is subpar to anything found at the sheraton or westin. I am in a southern facing room and window does not allow much light in during the day. I was out of the room during working hours and my room was never cleaned.One thing that is puzzling is this is THE HARD ROCK yet the rooms have old TV's and rather LARGE 6 CD disk changer similar to one I had in the 1980s. You would think with the brand Hard Rock they would be the first with ipod radios in the room.	
Jun 12 2009 	Eh. You can do better.	We got an excellent deal staying at the Hard Rock which is why we ended up here. It has a very good location (heart of downtown, right across from Millenium Park) which made it easy to get around without having to take a cab everywhere. We were on the 12th floor and had a river view, which was cool. Thats about where the niceness ended. The room was very dark and &quot;industrial.&quot; If this is supposed to be a 4-star hotel I am very suprised. The staff was rude when we told them our room was dirty (previously, someone in our shower must have had a bloody nose, there were blood and boogers all over the shower curtain) and the ammenities were &quot;ok&quot; at best. All that tigerwood they boast about in their website was nothing more than an obvious plastic veneer over partcle board. Our dresser/desk/minibar had gauges all over it. Very tacky. If we had paid full price, I would have been very upset. Maybe the better rooms are better quality and the staff is friendlier. My advice: dont be fooled into thinking youre getting a 4-star at a 2-star price if you find such a deal, you are only getting 2-star quality and service. If youre fine with that, great! Otherwise, stay at the Hilton or Hotel Blake, much nicer and you can find great deals.	
Jun 10 2009 	They made my 40th B-Day trip a huge success!	Before my trip I informed the hotel that my flight would be arriving prior to check in and an early check in was arranged for me. Upon arrival I spoke with Todd, one of their very helpful concierges, and he set up my whole trip (e.g. shopping, sightseeing and restaurants) in a matter of minutes. Every recommendation he made was bang on and as a result I had an amazing time during my 4 day stay in Chicago. I had such a great time on my birthday that I'm definitely returning to Chicago again and will loyally stay at the Hard Rock.	
Jun 9 2009 	Disappointing except for the special pricing.	We had our choice of downtown high end hotels, all of which had special weekend rates. We chose this thinking it would be different and went with the good reviews.Very small dark room. No place to put things. If you rattle a drawer you get charged for eating the snacks. Soap dish but no soap. No place to hang wet towels. With so many choices in this price range would not choose again.Nice staff.	
May 29 2009 	Incredible service great room treated like a Rock Star	We took our 11-year old sons to Chicago for a surprise 5th grade graduation trip - Cubs game, steak dinner, and overnight at the Hard Rock. The rates at the hotel were reasonable with the AAA discount, we got a complimentary upgrade to a beautiful corner room on the 23rd floor with great views and very cool contemporary decor, along with complimentary breakfast. Everything was fantastic - front desk people were very friendly and helpful, gift shop clerk was great, and restaurant staff were also superb. Could not have made for a better trip.	
May 25 2009 	fantastic stay	we stayed here recently on a trip to the States and our experience was fantastic.View from our room was fantastic along Michigan Avenue. Room was good size, with very comfortable bed and clean bathroom (With the Beatles looking down on you!).Best thing about the hotel though, was its excellent location...within working distance of Michigan avenue/Mag mile, Millenium Park, the Art Institute and all of Chicago's many attractions.Would definately stay here again...a very cool hotel in a brilliant city	
May 12 2009 	Excellent hotel	First, I have to share that we got a great deal on this hotel. I wanted to stay there on my last trip to Chicago a few years ago but didn't want to spend the money. This time I chanced into a 50%-off rate on the hotel website and booked a Select King. Since I spent less than $300 on three nights please keep in mind that I could have had a different view had I spent full price.The location is perfect and the Carbide and Carbon is impressive if you are into architecture. You are so close to Millenium Park that it's easy to take a quick walk over at sunsets and watch the skyline change on the Bean.We checked into the hotel around 10pm after a flight from the West Coast and my first reaction was that the place was way too trendy for us -- we were wearing polartech and hiking boots. (But that was the only time I felt this way because we used the revolving doors straight onto Mich Ave after that and didn't go through the lobby again.)We were told there were only two Select King rooms left, one on a high floor but next to the cleaners' closet and one on a lower, traditionally renovated floor without rock memorabilia. We opted for the lower floor -- the 13th, I think.The room was fantastic, on the northwest corner of the hotel with a view on one side down the river to the Merchandise Mart and on the other side down Mich Ave. Not a lot of space in the room but enough for two people. Yes, it bothered me that I couldn't put much in the frig because of the mini bar set up, but I also didn't ask the hotel for an alternative so there might have been one. The bed was very comfortable with a pillow-top mattress and the bathroom was huge. We did have a graphic of the Beatles in the bathroom and a mirrored pic of David Bowie in the bedroom so our room did have a bit of a rock feel to it. And the room was quiet from inside noise! Of course there were sirens and street noise, but I didn't hear anything from inside.I know the city well so we did our own thing and didn't eat in the restaurant, go to the bar or ask the concierge for help so I can't comment on those.Overall, I would definitely stay here again, especially for the price I paid. It's a great hotel and you can take the 'hard rock' side of it as seriously as you want to.	
May 11 2009 	Fair	The upside - the rock and roll memorabilia is very cool, the bar and lobby has a great ambiance, the drinks were very well made, the bar waitstaff was prompt and efficient and the rooms (at least the one I had) are very large and comfortable with nice amenities (although it was weird having John-Paul-George-Ringo watching me in the bathroom!). The downside was the rooms are dark as the lighting is poor. The hotel restaurant was a real downside. Service was slow and the food was consistently delivered cool or cold, not hot. Relative to the experience, the hotel was on the expensive side.	
May 6 2009 	Beware. Sounds upscale but pretty rough.	My wife and I took our 2 kids (18 &amp; 13) and our small dog to Chicago for the weekend from Metro Detroit. We take this trip almost every year. This time we decided to try somewhere nicer than our usual Holiday Inn.First the positive: The location is great! Right on Michigan Ave, a block and a half from the Chicago River and just over 2 blocks from the Art Institute. Dog &quot;friendly&quot;Now the bad part: We checked in and were told that we could not leave the dog unattended at any time - in other words, we could go nowhere as a family. The manager had me sign a waiver to get around that issue. We were then checked into a smoking room even though we requested a non-smoking room. 30 mins later, that problem was corrected. We were surprised to see that both rooms (not suites) could barely hold the 2 queen beds and still have room to walk wround them. (They never showed a room in the photos with 2 queen beds) . Both rooms had beat up furniture and looked like it had seen its day (however the beds were comfortable and clean). In addition, our air conditioning was non-functioning. When I mentioned later in the day our dissappointment in the room(s), the manager apologized and said that he had a suite that was empty and we could have it - that is if we wanted to pay the cost difference! (Let's see here...you have unhappy customers, an empty, unbooked room but instead of making the customer happy, you insult them by asking them to pay!) When it came time to walk the dog, we were told that the closest grassy spot for her was FOUR blocks away! Not very dog FRIENDLY - perhaps more dog tolerant. Two of the five elevators that we stepped in throughout the weekend never moved - just closed the doors and sat there. If you wanted a stack of 3 pancakes from room service, that will be $11. - the prices go up from there.All in all this hotel is in a classic historical building (the carbide and carbon building) and in a great location but this hotel is riding on it's name and is really quite poor with a front desk staff that has very few customer service skills (the baggage guy and consierege were very nice). We look forward to going back to our old stand-by Holiday Inn.	
Apr 28 2009 	A great place to hold a group business meeting.	Top notch attention to detail from the catering team to the audio-video folks. Excellent property in a great location, good rates and a sales staff that will work with me to get my business. Overall, a great experience!	
Apr 28 2009 	To genuinely experience the city of Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel!	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for a business meeting and it was a blast! My Colleagues and I have held many meetings and training events in various hotels in Chicago and the Hard Rock Hotel was one of the best. Dealing with the Sales Coordinators to set up our event was a truly enjoyable experience. They were obliging and considerate, and they made everything easy for us. In addition, everyone from the front desk and AV staff, to the employees in the China Grill and Base Bar were welcoming, helpful and attentive. The accommodations were top notch! If you could take a photograph capturing the city of Chicago with all of its breathtaking beauty and architechture, all you would have to do is look out the window of the room that I stayed in and you would be able to take an endless amount of beautiful photos!	
Apr 25 2009 	Great location and service with all basic needs intelligently organized and managed.	Staff was very responsive and friendly for all needs including replacing a broken dryer, printing boarding pass and room service. Bed was very comfortable and bedding was very upscale. Bath was well organized and everything worked well. The only concerns were a very noisy bar and restaurant. If you're planning a business or social conversation, plan to take it out of the hotel. The room lighting is also not adequate, but that is being addressed. A great value.	
Apr 23 2009 	FAULTLESS HOTEL -PERFECT FAMILY BREAK WITH PEACE 	This hotel strikes the perfect balance between being slapbang in the centre of urban attractions (and therefore potentially could have been noisy and bustle) but with an incredibly peaceful ambience due to the clever room decor and hip, relaxing friendly staff attitude. Travelling with a young child I was apprehensive that this would be a good location, but it was certainly not noisy or filled with bohemian yobsters.First of all, the building is and artdeco gem, worth staying in just to see those gorgeous gold elevators every day. NExt 0 the staff really make it work here - they have a positive, approachable can-do attitude - no stuffy snobbish pretensions . OUr room had a courtesy rollaway provided for my son in a separate area (like a mini extra room) without us asking for one - an example of the staff actually using their initiave which was nice compared to so many other hotels. The rooms are gorgeous, quiet and understated in gray and grape/indigo hues and large expanses of smoked glass windows. We got an incredible deal on hotwires travel ticker for easter weekend, and upgraded to the Hard Rock 2 Queens Corner room - 550 sq ft - an absolutely huge room with views of millenium park and along Michigan Avenue on 2 sides. I definately recommend the upgrades to the tower rooms or the suites if you can. The bathroom was massive, with a shower big enough for a small circus troupe alongside the window - perfect for starry night bathing if thats your thing. Best super-soft sheets and most comfortable beds I've ever had in a USA hotel, was most tempted to steal the linen ever, but didn't! Luxurious complimentary robes were sent up lickety split - in fact every time we phoned the concierge for anything it was attended to in less than minutes. The staff are incredibly helpful and efficient here. Housekeeping was 100% perfect, nothing was out of place, they even arranged my sons soft toys in cute arrangements. DInner recommendations were spot on - definately go to Thai Kitchen about 4 blocks away - superb meal, great price, exquisite in every way...Everything about this stay was fantastic, after a hard days sightseeing and pounding the streets with a small child, the Hard Rock is an oasis of calm and comfort. With Bono and Bowie on my walls I could sleep easy! So much better than all those bland chains...we loved it here so much we extended our stay for 2 more nights and it was genuinely hard to have to check out. We travel the USA a lot for business and this is the first hotel where I have had absolutely no complaints. Will definately be back as soon as we can.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great hotel and great location	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for a business meeting and I was very pleased with my stay. The service was excellent - very friendly all around from the doorman that greeted me, the front desk agent that checked me in, the housekeeper I encountered in the hallway, and the servers that were working at my meeting.I didn't have too much time to leave the hotel, but the location was great for the little free time I did have. I would definitely come back to stay for a long weekend in Chicago. The hotel is in the heart of everything. I could walk along the Magnificent Mile, down to Grant Park, and over to the Lakefront within 10 to 15 minutes. And if I didn't feel like walking, it was easy to get a cab. My room was clean and spacious, and the bed was so comfortable! The hallways are a little dark, but that is not an issue in the guestroom itself. There are nice, subtle music touches throughout the hotel, but they are not obtrusive - it is definitely a business hotel.The Base Bar was a great spot for drinks after our meetings, and they had some fun drink specials. The only issue (which isn't really an issue) is to keep in mind that the hotel is located on a major street through downtown Chicago. There are siren/traffic noises, but that would be the case at any downtown hotel in any large city.I would come back to the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for business or pleasure.	
Apr 21 2009 	Amazing hotel Amazing view Amazing service!	First trip to the city from Detroit. The pictures of the views don't even do it justice! I booked a tower room, requested for the highest floor possible and ended up on the 26th which was very fine by me! I read a bad review about a corner room but loved that I had a corner room as some friends were coming over to enjoy the room with me. From the time I stepped in i was pleased with everything! Upon request I got a mini fridge brought up to the room, and also an ipod dock. the stereo system was fantastic!The view was amazing as you can see from this pic! The windows opened up wide so you could literally stick your head out to enjoythe city, and the night view with all the lights was even more amazing.We decided to order some chicago style pizza, got recommendations from the staff and they called up afterwards to find out how it was:)All in all an awesome trip and a great choice for a hotel!	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent rooms and very friendly service...	We took 4 days of vacation in downtown Chicago and had a great time. Our hotel was in a great location so we could walk to a lot of restaurants, stores, museums, and other touristy attractions. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful with anything we needed. The hotel rate was a little expensive but worth the money, and our room was very nice and exceptionally clean. We really enjoyed our stay there....Parking at the hotel with valet service got to be kind of costly, but that seems to be par for the course in this city.	
Apr 20 2009 	Modern perfect location friendly and classy	Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Location Less than superb service	I spent a lot of time researching hotels that were in a good location (ie. walking distance of the Navy Pier, Museums, Shedd Aquarium, restaurants, etc.) and the Hard Rock was the best one for location. Once we got there, the bell hop only brought our suitcases in the lobby, he did not take them up. When I got to the check in desk, I just asked to reconfirm that the room had to 2 double beds- she said no, just one king- then fixed it. Then, she asked if I would like a morning paper- to which I said yes,- i never recieved a paper my whole stay. And the most aburd and annoying thing was that the maid service only gave us 1 towel! There were 2 of us, 2 beds and only 1 towel and 1bar of soap- even after I called down to get more towels, they would only bring one at at time- If you are just looking for a place to sleep and a great location for walking to sightseeing places, this is the hotel- if you are looking for efficient and fast service, this is not the place. Oh, last thing- they must have down feather pillows or use some weird detergent on their sheets b/c I woke up my second nigt with my eye swollen shut from some allergic reaction to the sheets or pillows- just an FYI in case you are sensitive to those sort of things.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great people to work with!	This is more of a pre review. I am planning a rather large event for June. I couldn't be happier with the support and direction of the Hard Rock Hotel Team. Everyone has been more than accommodating answering all of my questions. The response time is key for me to answer back to my colleagues. This has not been a problem for Hard Rock Hotel Team.All of our team is anticipating a great time when we stay at the Hard Rock Hotel later this year.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great hotel but would have loved more storage space!	Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Hard Rock. The location is excellent for tourists, being close to everything. Hotel is very stylish and there is a bar (expensive) just off the lobby area. We had a room with two big comfortable beds but there was not enough storage space. Wardrobe had adequate hangers for a hotel (about 8 I think) but there were only two drawers, not a problem probably if you are only away from home for for a night or two but we were on a two week trip with loads of stuff. I don't think we've stayed anywhere with so few drawers available. (There was actually a third but it was filled with snacks as an extension to the minibar so you couldn't remove them or you'd be charged for using them). Room was equipped with a hairdryer, iron and ironing board and a coffee maker. There was a TV and video with a games console but just one chair for two people. Coffee provided was OK but really strong as you only go one packet of creamer for two cups of coffee. It would have been lovely to be have been able to make a proper cup of tea! (We've been in other US hotels where they provide English Breakfast tea - perhaps this could be provided instead of, or as well as, the herbal tea provided at the moment). Check in was smooth but we were disappointed hotel did not have a supply of tourist information, we actually went into the Holiday Inn nearby when we were out for a walk and got loads of leaflets and help there. Concierge at Hard Rock gave us a map which was useful, and offered to book anything we wanted but how would we know what we wanted to do without looking at some information first?The bathroom had a huge walk-in shower (no bath) but it was one of those you have to get in before you put on - therefore be prepared to jump out of the way until it warms up. There was an illumniated make-up mirror which is a great idea but it didn't matter which way you turned it you couldn't get a decent light on your face to apply makeup. Minor complaints only however and having just read other reviews of the hotel I think the Hard Rock is probably more suited to bachelor parties, groups of young people and people there just for a night or two who know what they want to do rather than tourists wanting a base for a longer period - due to the lack of storage space for belongings, and lack of tourist information in the hotel. Having said that the room was fine, maid service excellent and we had a fabulous view. We got a special rate from hotels.com for this hotel (50% off) and at that rate hotel was OK but I don't think its worth the full rate price compared to other hotels we've stayed in.	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent Business 	I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Chicago for a Business Trip. The Room was very comfortable. The Business Center was extremly accomodating in helping me to print documents that I had forgotten. The Location was perfect located right on Michigan Ave, I was able to walk to Millenium Park prior to my meeting on Monday Morning and wish I would have had more time to do some shopping as they were not far either. I would highly reccomend this for anyone traveling on either business or for fun.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Trip!	I was there for a bachelor party and the Hard Rock provided the perfect setting. The service was terrific and the rooms were stylish with tremendous views. Thanks!	
Apr 14 2009 	We loved our stay!	We really enjoyed the service right from the beginning! We pulled up and the bellmen were right there waiting to help up with our bags. Then we checked in with ease and got up to our room quickly. My wife was very sick at the time and needed extra refrigeration for her medication and medical supplies. The hotel was so accomidating and helpful. We stayed at this exact Chicago Hotel 3 times now an account of your service, clean rooms and awesome location. We will be back!	
Apr 13 2009 	Bachelor Party	The staff was ultra accomodating to a very large group. Put on a wonderful night for all.  Rooms were clean, well made, spacious, and the bed was a perfect place for breakfast and/or lunch...room service was a must! I would most certainly return.	
Apr 13 2009 	Awesome rooms comfy beds and great service	I've stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago numerous times, and it is the only hotel I will stay at in the city. The rooms are comfortable, modern, always clean, and provide a great view of the city. The staff has always been nothing but friendly and helpful when suggesting nearby restaurants or accommodating extended check-out times. I recommend this hotel to friends all the time, and already have another summer stay planned.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Service Great Location Great Setting - what more could you ask for?!!	We were looking for a great place to bring a group of 16 year old girls for a sweet 16 celebration weekend. The Hard Rock was fantastic! From the moment we arrived the friendly and helpful doorman set the tone for a fantastic stay. Checking in on a friday evening of a holiday weekend it was clear that this was the place to be. It was busy but the checkin moved quickly and the front desk staff was efficient, friendly and welcoming. Our rooms were great! The hotel accomodated our request for connecting rooms and already had our additional roll-away in the room as we had requested it. The location was great as a base of operations for a wonderful Chicago weekend. As an extra there were some pretty great views of the city from our rooms. the conceirge was there with directions and helpful suggestions. As busy as they were the staff was aware that we were there celebrating a special occasion and they always had a kind word and a friendly smile. Not only did the kids have a great time but the adults were pretty happy as well!	
Apr 13 2009 	Dominating Chi town weekend	Stayed at the Hard Rock to attend an event and had a great time. The lobby bar serves good drinks in a good atmosphere and the event rooms are a great venue for a party!	
Apr 13 2009 	Best hotel in Chicago!	The HRH helped me plan and execute the perfect bachelor party for the groom. A classy event was easy to run with such a great staff. The cool design and rooms of the hotel are nearly as impressive as its perfect location!	
Apr 7 2009 	FABULOUS	Savvy, clean, sharp and fun. Wonderful amenities and excellent service. Absolutely silent at night. Great sleeping! Would stay again!	
Mar 30 2009 	A Great Chicago Stay	I booked a stay at the Hard Rock for my partner and I for Valentine's Day. We live in Chicago and wanted to do a little something different to make the holiday special. We had heard good things about the Hard Rock and gave it a try. I was a little skeptical because of the association with the Hard Rock Cafes, but I couldn't have been more wrong. The hotel was sleek, stylish and inviting. The rooms were very nice, clean and comfortable. The staff was professional and friendly and even upgraded our stay for free. The only slight letdown was our meal in China Grill, which we felt was overpriced for the quality. Sometimes less is more, if you know what I'm saying. I was, however, impressed by some of the cocktails in the hotel bar, which were very innovative and delicious. Overall, I was pleasantly suprised by the Hard Rock and will book my parents a room for their next Chicago visit.	
Mar 27 2009 	Small Town Big City	I'll skip the bit about the pillow-top matress and the 400 thread count sheets- Seems these days even your local Holiday Inn is offering down-stuffed pillows and flat screen Plasma TV's. Instead, I was most surprised by what really makes the difference- The people.The Hard Rock Hotel brought the familiarities and comforts of home to the big city. Warm welcomes throughout with engaging, helpful staff. Knowledgable and friendly concierge service eased the transition from small town Michigan to The Windy City. A nice change from the condescending, snotty, and often downright numb hotel staff I have encountered elsewhere. Quite possibly one of the first times where I have truely witnessed the phenomenon of &quot;You get what you pay for.&quot;Thanks again everyone. I'll be back- soon.	
Mar 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Everything about the hotel was top notch. The rooms were extremely spacious and the view was great. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the city. I will be emphatically recommending this hotel to my friends.	
Mar 27 2009 	Fun Weekend and Great Location	Location was very convenient and lots to do in the area. Staff was nice and helpful. They knew the city well and gave great directions. The rooms were clean and comfortable with a great view of Michigan Ave.	
Mar 27 2009 	The Building 	The Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan, Millennium Park, and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from. My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building, views from the rooms, the art on the walls, and crisp, clean &amp; hip feeling of the hotel, but not &quot;too over the top&quot; for &quot;business&quot;. By far a better experience than your usual &quot;chain&quot; hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms. Here you feel special...for the same price. The lobby and bar have fun &amp; cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave (or catch a real rock star in the lobby!)	
Mar 24 2009 	Amazing Stay!	This was hands down the best hotel experience I've ever had. Rooms were trendy, clean, huge, and had awesome views. In particular, the beds were REALLY comfortable and had really soft sheets and linens. Beyond that, the staff was amazing and really made the trip for us. We were all first time visitors to Chicago and would have never made it around the city without the help of the great concierge staff. They made terrific recommendations for shopping, dining, entertainment, and nightlife and even drew us maps leading us from door to door. They were all very friendly, professional, and helpful! I definitely recommend this hotel and plan to stay there myself for my next trip.	
Mar 24 2009 	Even with Children a Great Place to Stay!	Brought our children to Chicago to experience Christmas on Michigan Avenue. Great location, easy walk if it's nice, not too far from attractions via cab is weather doesn't cooperate!Room was spacious &amp; clean; staff was very friendly!My sons (6 &amp; 4) loved the gift shop! The girl working behind the counter was very friendly to them!	
Mar 23 2009 	Best Weekend in Chicago	The concierge staff was superb as well as the front desk and room service. Everyone at Hard Rock Hotel made sure I had the best weekend in Chicago, and I did thanks in part to them. The room was spacious and clean, the price was good and the view/location was awesome.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great location cool building pleasant and responsive service.	We stayed in a tower suite and had iconic views on Michigan Avenue both north (Wrigley Building, Tribune Tower) and south (Art Institute and Millennium Park). The staff were great. Concierge service was knowledgeable and extremely helpful. We will stay there again for sure.	
Mar 23 2009 	A night done right	A couple of friends and I spent a night out on the town in Chicago with the Hard Rock Hotel as our home base. It was the perfect place to get our night started. The rooms were clean and had a sleek feel about them. We had an excellent view of Millennium Park from our room. The service was prompt to deliver any request. The concierge, Robert, though not from the area, knew the town as if he grew up there. As it's centrally located, I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking to explore the city.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great location	We got a decent price on hotels.com, otherwise I would not pay $200+ per night for the Hard Rock. The Carbide &amp; Carbon building is pretty cool architectually-speaking, it really does kind of look like a champagne bottle. The room we stayed in was decent - good sized bathroom but the toilet paper was way too far away from the toilet. The bed was very comfy but the sheets didn't reach all the way up (it was like there was no fitted sheet) so it kept slipping down, which annoyed me. Also, you'd think the Hard Rock would have more TV channels. I've stayed at Super-8's with more channels. But the location is fantastic, as was the service. We watched 10 minutes of a movie before it shut off (they said there was some kind of problem with their server) so they made sure to refund us. I wouldn't recommend paying for any extras (room service, mini bar, etc) because you won't be able to shake the feeling of being ripped off. $8 water, $27 sandwich? No thanks. There's a Walgreens across the street if you want to buy a bottle of water! The bar is pretty lame too... we were there on St. Patrick's Day and were the youngest people in the bar by at least 20 years (we're in our 20's). But the location and the room are worth it. You can walk almost anywhere in the beautiful city!I recommend Friends Sushi on Huron &amp; Rush... best sushi I've ever had.Also, if you can, don't take a car. It's ridiculously expensive to park at the Hard Rock (and almost anywhere in the area).	
Mar 21 2009 	Pure rock and roll!	Not only is its home the famous Carbide &amp; Carbon building, my favorite in Chicago, the HRH has a rock-and-roll baroque feel from the moment you enter the lobby. Front desk staff is knowledgeable and unpretentious and the Concierge desk is unprecedented. Anything you need to make your stay more pleasant - just let Todd at the Concierge desk know! He seems to know everyone in the city. I found the other Concierges to be very attentive, as well. In the heart of Chicago and a stone's throw away from Millennium Park, I could not ask for a better value for the dollar. The rooms are funky in a good way, and without trying too hard. The bathroom amenities were very nice and unique. Chicago has such an incredible array of awesome restaurants, I would recommend you venture away for dinner - at least go up the block!	
Mar 21 2009 	Not bad for a couple of days	Hotel was fine except while they say they have parking, they don't say that it is $46 per day (outrageous), I rented a car thinking parking was incuded in the room rate as opposed to using a taxi as I had to travel to a client site during my stay. Also, cereal and tea in the hotel restaurant was $11 before tip. Please!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great staff beautiful hotel	Every staff member that we encountered was very polite and helpful! We loved our room. Everything was clean and they made it seem like they were ready for our stay (the tv was on, they had cold drinks waiting...). We loved it.	
Mar 20 2009 	Fantastic Location - Amazing Landmark Building	My husband and I had a great stay at the Hard Rock. It was a special weekend for us - the weekend when we finally got our engagement rings back from the jeweler. My husband (fiance at the time!) booked a weekend downtown for us to celebrate. He requested that a special CD be playing in our room when we arrived, and sure enough the staff took care of our special request. It was even queued up on our favorite song, (although it was just a conincidence so I can't give them credit for that)!We had a great stay - the location is fantastic. So close to the new Millennium Park. And I adore this building - it's such an incredible landmark.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Location	loved the location. a taxi to nightlife, navy pier, magnificent mile and other attractions was 4-6$. The hotel is within walking distance to house of blues, souvenior shops liquor store, food, L train and walgreens is right out the valet door! that was nice.. i THINK they were open 24 hours also. there was also a handy little menu the hotel provided with numbers and names of resturants that will deliver food right to your hotel room. that was great! the only problem with the hotel we had was that our gps couldnt tell us how to get around to the right side of the hotel for valet.. we passed the hotel and becuase of the one ways it took us ten minutes to get back there. all in all it was great and i would return!	
Mar 12 2009 	Simply fabulous and loved the great service and historical location	The spaciousness of the room was incredible with a stunning view of the city. Can not say enough about the staff and the service they provide. Charming, delightful, and a very hip hotel. The bar is a great place after a long day of work - very upscale and lively. Held a meeting there and found the catering and meeting set up to be one of the best I have experienced.	
Mar 9 2009 	pefect trendy space	the base bar has been renovated and love the new look. people are nice	
Mar 9 2009 	Fabulous Modern and Trendy Hotel in the Heart of Downtown Chicago	A fabulous, modern, trendy and incredibly friendly hotel, situated in the heart of downtown Chicago right where you would want to be. Whether travelling for business such as myself or with family or friends, this hotel would accommodate all. One of the first things that struck me was the friendlyness of all staff and the we can do it for you attitude which was a real wow factor. The restaurant, bar and room service for that matter were exceptional and the rooms exactly what you need after a long day. Some great added bonuses aswell such as complimentary internet access. All in all a great stay in a great hotel.	
Mar 8 2009 	I LOVED it...	The Hotel staff was super friendly...the location was pretty good...just a few blocks from the magnificent mile...We stayed in the deluxe king room...it was spacious enough for the two of us...i love the decor of the rooms...it's not like your average stuffy hotel room...it's fun &amp; funky...they only complaint...we needed a refrigerator...besides that i LOVED it...	
Mar 8 2009 	Amazing room	The room we stayed at was very nice. The view was on Michigan Avenue. The lighting needed to be brighter in the room although that was not a big issue to me. This room is like a mini celebrity room. You should stay here if you get a good deal! The only thing that happened to me was that they put a hold on my credit card and they never removed it! So make sure they remove the hold.	
Mar 5 2009 	A lot of pomp and circumstance for...eh?	It was a nice hotel...don't get me wrong. But it wasn't the wildly lush place that ads and things would make you believe. My husband and I are really into classic rock, so as an added surprise for my birthday, he got us a room at the Hard Rock. The lobby and the bar were very chic, and the restaurant was really nice-excellent brunch, with a very quiet, placid feeling, which I could easily see kicking into a cool place to see and be seen at night...but the rooms themselves were....just average hotel rooms, really. Our room was decorated in a glam rock sort of feel with metallics and purples, and it was well-done. But I just feel that for the money you spend to stay here, you'd get a room that set the bar a little higher. I am glad we stayed here, and we both agreed that it was very cool to take the elevator up to all the floors to look at the memorabilia located in each elevator lobby, but next time we're willing to drop that kind of money, we won't be doing it here.	
Feb 26 2009 	Cool hip and trendy	Awesome hotel, our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish, trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool, etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value.	
Jan 30 2009 	Nice location at a good price.	We stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th, 2009 for $125/night. It is located on Michigan Ave, just two blocks from the Mag Mile, two blocks from Millenium Park, and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute. Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed. The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms. Parking was $45 for valet and $30 for self parking. The staff was very helpful with all of our request.	
Jan 29 2009 	My New Favorite in Chicago	I clearly had a different experience than some of the previous reviewers. Everything about my 3-day stay was fantastic beginning with the rate, the check-in process (4 hours early but they got me a room anyway), the complimentary room upgrade, the FREE WiFi, the large and comfortable bed, the shower pressure, and most of all the service. Every single employee I encountered greeted me warmly and consistently asked if there was anything he/she could do to make my stay better. As for convenience, the hotel is in a great location on Michigan Ave. My only complaint would be the lack of restaurant choices - China Grill was too high end for me but some may enjoy it. I used to stay at the W on Lakeshore but from now on I'm booking all my Chicago trips at the Hard Rock.	
Jan 25 2009 	Disappointed Second Time Around	We stayed here a second time and found the room we booked (on a special offer from the hotel as a return customer) disappointing. The decor seemed dated,no flat screen TV, room seemed smaller, not as clean. I could not even reach the toilet paper dispenser in the bathroom. We were on the only floor without a rock star picture or personal item showcase display. One elevator did not work. Bar menu is good and reasonable, but drinks and coffee very pricey, considering we have gotten continental breakfast, appetizers and premium drinks for free at another hotel. Location is good for the museums and parks, but hotel needs to be refurbished for the prices it normally charges.	
Jan 19 2009 	Convenient dark	I stayed here for 3 nights. My stay was booked through my company as we have a discounted rate and I was here on business. Based on reading other reviews here, I must have gotten the most basic type of room. It was pretty small, exceedingly dark (dim lighting) and a very minimal view. It was on the 14th floor, and I mostly looked out at other buildings, although I could see a sliver of Millenium park and &quot;the bean&quot; between two buildings. I had only one window.The decor is minimalist, modern, masculine. Everything gray and taupe. Comfortable bed and desk chair. It was kind of depressing to spend too much time in the room because of the darkness. When I first got to the room, I turned on every light and it was still quite dim. I called the front desk to see if all the rooms were this dark and they told me that was they style at this hotel. They did volunteer to bring up a lamp which helped somewhat.I was also kind of warm in the room and it seemed as though the thermostat was not responsive. I asked for a fan and that helped quite a bit.The staff I interacted with were all helpful and prompt. The location is central -- easy to go north to the magnificent mile shops or the river north restaurants. Also a short walk to milennium park to the south or the shops along state street. It fronts on Michigan Ave. so easy to get around and orient yourself. The computer in the lobby was easily available, the atmosphere was nice down there. Also there was wireless in the room and I had no problem connecting with that.The bathroom was interesting. Nice fixtures and a cool look. No bath, but a big shower. The fixed glass shower door only covered half the opening, if that makes sense -- so the other half is where you enter the shower and is always open. I could not avoid having some water splash out through the opening, so kind of a weird design. Nice Aveda bath products.All in all, it's a nice hotel and good location. I would stay here again for the price. But I'd be a little worried about the temperature if it were hot -- I'd be afraid the room might not be cool enough. Also, just be prepared for very dim lighting. Although from other reviews it doesn't sound like that is a problem in every room.	
Jan 17 2009 	Looking forward to our next visit	We stayed for 2 nights from 01/03/09-01/05/09. Managed to get 20% off on a hard rock king room through a promotion on their website. If you can swing the extra $, I definitely recommend getting an upgraded room. Our friends stayed in a basic room, which was fine....We had a spacious, corner room with a window looking right on to Michigan Ave, plus another window with a small view of the lake. There was also one in the bathroom (definitely kept it closed while bathing, etc.). The beds &amp; pillows were very comfortable. The room was immaculate. The good - Location. Can't beat it. Walking distance to shopping on the mile, Millennium Park, restaurants, and museums. Not far from the Navy Pier (Its a pretty good walk, but there is a free trolley that you can pick up on Michigan Ave that takes you there &amp; back). The staff was fantastic. We requested early check in (and late check out) &amp; had no problem. The valet/porters are there to help you catch a cab even late in the evening. We had a late flight home, so we left our bags there with no problem. They really aimed to please...We really had no complaints - but some travelers may not like the hotel restaurant. Its pricey, but its decent. There are so many dining options nearby, so it shouldn't be an issue. Our room didn't have a flat screen, but we didn't really watch much TV. It had a stereo system (which we never used). Lighting in the room may be a concern, it was a little on the darker side. There was no fridge or microwave. The minibar is stocked, but we never used it. There is a walgreens across the street if you need to stock up on anything. Like any Hard Rock - it has some cool memorabilia. I wish we had more time to check it out. Next time...I'm not sure why this property received some poor ratings. Like I said, try to spring for the upgraded rooms, you will not be disappointed.	
Jan 6 2009	NIce room great location good price	We stayed here two nights over the holidays and were very satisfied with the room, the location and the price. The room was spacious, and there was a comfortable chair and footstool. There was a decent radio, so we got to listen to some WXRT ( It's nice to hear some Frankie Lee or Bobby Skafish when you're back in town). Check in was quick, courteous and welcoming, check out was by phone.  Two very minor complaints-at check in they offered a free delivery of USA Today to the room-didn't happen either day. Would have been better not to raise expectations:)Second, the room wasn't made up while we were out from 9AM to 2 PM. We came back for a nap and it was made up when we left again for the evening. I'll stay here again if I can get the same rate ($110). The location was great. My husband had worked in the building many years ago and loved being in it again. The lobby is beautiul.	
Dec 15 2008	An appreciation of the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago	15th December 2008My wife and I visited Chicago to celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday with members of our family and while there stayed on the 23rd floor of the Hard Rock Hotel fronting on to Michigan Avenue, from which elevation we had a magnificent view of Millennium Park close by and the open-air Ice Rink. Although the room was furnished with brevity it was, nevertheless extremely clean, comfortable and well provided for. Breakfast, taken in the hotel restaurant, offered a large choice of dishes and we were very well served. We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone seeking excellent accommodation that places them close to the major stores and places of interest in downtown Chicago.Jean and William Flockhart	
Dec 14 2008 	Great part of town room was disappointing	My last stay at a Hard Rock was in San Diego, which I loved. I've also been to the one in Vegas (though never stayed there) many times. So my expectations were understandably high for the Chicago one. Unfortunately, I'd say the location is probably the best thing about it.Mind you...there was nothing wrong with the service, the staff, the booking process, or even checkout. It was just that the room was incredibly mediocre and average, and for the $299/night I paid, I definitely had other choices. I stayed five nights, so I think I had a good amount of time to experience the hotel.I requested a smoking room, which may have been one of the issues. The view from the room was great--I saw right onto Michigan Avenue and was fairly high up. However, the room was pretty dark, and you didn't have more than a few light sources to illuminate the room. As a result, the room was perpetually as lit up as a club--but without the cool ambience of a club.The bathroom was set up strangely. You had a window that looked onto the street that was in the shower/bath. I guess that's cool if you want to soak in the tub and look at the buildings and skyline, but if you're taking a shower, it's strange to have to pull the shade and then put the shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel on the window sill. Some people with voyeuristic streaks might like this, and maybe if I were there with a female friend, it would have been different.The minibar was not well-stocked at all, and I ended up just going next door to the pharmacy (Walgreen's or Rite Aid or whatever it was) to get what I normally would have gotten at the minibar.The China Grill downstairs was good for food, so I liked that.Would I stay here again? I dunno. It's not a bad place, but it wouldn't be my first choice.	
Dec 10 2008	Perfect Location	I originally booked the Hard Rock Hotel as a result of a special they were running. Initially, I was a bit apprehensive as I thought it might be a noisy (rocker hotel) stay. The hotel was great! Far more upscale than I expected. The loacation couldn't have been better—right in the center of shopping and major attractions, and close to the lake. The building is beautiful architecturally and the rooms were more like suites—very contemporary with a great bathroom and amazing views of the chicago skyline. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.	
Dec 1 2008 	Don't do it!!	We just returned from a trip to the windy city. The only thing that was not great about our trip was the fact that we were booked at the Hard Rock Hotel. We were supposed to stay for 3 nights but left after one(thank goodness they let us go w/o charging us). We had to check out early on Thanksgiving weekend and pay a premium to find another hotel last minute but felt we had to because it was SO HOT!!! The first night we kept adjusting the thermostat but it stayed hot so we opened a window and basically just were miserable. Imagine our suprise the next morning when we told them that we needed our thermostat fixed just to find out that it wasnt broken they just dont work! They stated that heat and air are controlled for the whole hotel and they cannot adjust nor can the guests. Is this the stone ages or what?? Thier only suggestion was to &quot;Open a window&quot;. Well, been there done that and for a 4 star hotel thats pathetic!! Besides this misery, they were grossly understaffed and were not in the least helpful except they did send a person to plunge our toilet when IT DIDNT FLUSH!!! For a 4 star hotel it was more like a 1 star. We finally stayed at the DoubleTree, Magnificent Mile where we even ended up saving a few bucks and were COMPLETELY satisfied!! Dont let the Hard Rock name fool you or the 4 stars or you will be sorely dissapointed!	
Dec 1 2008 	Stayed for 3 nights - didn't want to leave	I was at the Hard Rock in August. Absolutely enjoyed my stay here. Got a decent rate through Quikbook. Very quick checkin and got a corner room. Felt a little isolated in the room but wasn't an issue. Bar was packed every night with great atmosphere. Expensive drinks but that is to be expected. No issues with the workstations provided for computer access. Location was perfect. About a 3 block walk to the El station. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Very Cool Hotel	My wife and I recently booked a block of rooms and stayed at the Hard Rock for our wedding weekend. What impressed me most about the hotel was the &quot;can do&quot; attitude of the staff. No request was deemed unreasonable and they were all very accomodating to the various and last-minute changes that come with a wedding.As for the hotel itself, it is ideally located on Michigan Avenue near the Loop -- providing guests with great access to nearby stores, bars, and restaurants. Inside, the hotel boasts a great bar downstairs, excellent food at the China Grill, and an expansive fitness center. Good music plays throughout the hotel and the decor is very cool and laid back. The rooms themselves could use a little work. While the suites are exceptional -- especially the Tower Suite -- the standard rooms are not very well lit and don't have the most comfortable furniture. Don't expect a homey kind of atmosphere as that's not really what the hotel is going for. However, if you like hotels that are cool, friendly, and fairly upscale, the Hard Rock is the place.Recommendation: like all downtown Chicago hotels, parking prices are outrageous. There is an el stop about two blocks away. If it is an option, I suggest taking the el for $2.00.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nice Hotel	This is a nice Hotel in a great location. We stayed at the Hard Rock for two nights... our overall experience was good however we did have some things that maybe need some attention. The room is poorly lit. They try to create a laid back atmosphere...but ...if you need reading glasses the lighting may be an issue. The bathroom was great except the counter space is very limited for all of your personal belongings.The restaurant the China Grill is very expensive ($ 45.00) for two for breakfast buffet seems outrageous. The food was good but $45.00 is a bit much.Don't touch the snacks or beverages they are outrageously priced. We drove our car. The hotel will park your car for you at a charge of $45.00 per night. Not a problem except after we left we stopped for breakfast and discovered a dent and gash in the rear passenger door of the car. I know...my fault for not checking before we left but we were in a hurry. We called the hotel from the road and were told we would need to bring the car back to file a claim. Not very accommodating but I understand. We were very disappointed with the handling of our car for only two nights. On the good side the hotel is very quite, comfortable, and the staff is very friendly. The hotel is located nicely in between the shopping on the magnificent mile, the theater district and museums. The bed was very comfortable we slept well. Overall, a nice trip we would recommend staying at the Hard Rock despite some minor problems.	
Nov 3 2008 	Very beautiful renovation	My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock over this past weekend (Oct. 30 thru Nov. 3) and I have to say that these hotel room are very nice and quite comfortable for the price. It's centrally located to many different attractions, and very accessible by bus or train. However, be warned.....we had our hotel room broken into on Halloween night. We returned from the Blackhawks game to find our room had been pried open (which was quite evident by the gashes in the door jam) - nothing of value was taken, but the creepiness factor still remained. We (obviously) switched rooms, but that didn't stop us from wondering if this is a prevalent problem (which we couldn't get a clear answer on). Make sure that if you stay here, you stay in a room in a hallway, not in the room off on it's own on the other side of the floor. No other issues popped up for the remainder of our stay, though next time because of this, we'll stay someplace with a bit more security.	
Oct 10 2008 	Loved it !	my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell.We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef.The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map.The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park.Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here.	
Oct 6 2008 	Good but Overpriced!	Location was great, within walking distance to a lot of the major sights and shopping areas.Room was basic enough, but clean and had everything we needed.We asked for a 2pm checkout and were told no, even though the hotel seemed very quiet all weekend.The menu in the bar was disappointing, very limited choice.Overall, it was fine but I probably wont stay here again!	
Oct 1 2008 	Loved it!!	My wife and I traveled to Chicago for our honeymoon and decided to stay at the Hard Rock since it seemed like it would be a cool younger place to stay.From the moment we walked in the front doors, to the morning we checked out, we were made to feel like VIP's! The room was a standard size with a king bed and a nice flat screen tv. The decoration was sort of minimalist, but what was displayed was music-themed and fairly toned down. The front desk was happy to provide a mini fridge upon request. Our room was cleaned twice a day and everyone we met was friendly and seemed happy to have us as guests.The real seller was the view. We were on the 32nd floor facing North on Michigan Ave with a spectacular view of the Chicago architecture and the river below.There is a small Hard Rock store downstairs although it didn't carry the full array of items the cafes do. (The Chicago cafe is about a 10 minute walk away). There was also a nice business center with free internet and printers which is always nice. We didn't try the room service or the restaurant just because there are so many great places to eat in the city. There was also a Walgreens right down the street that made an easy pit stop on the way back to the room.If and when we ever go back to Chicago we will definitely be staying at the Hard Rock Hotel again!	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Stay	I loved this place!Great views and friendly staff. I esp liked the Aveda products in the bath. Comfy bed and hardly any noise from neighbors. I would stay here again. In fact, I want to live there. : ) The only thing they need to do is work on window cleanliness. There were a ton of spiders outside our windows, so that affected the view a bit. I think the windows needed to be cleaned. Also, it would be nice if the hotel would offer recycling bins in the rooms.	
Sep 21 2008 	Nice but overpriced	I stayed here for 5 nights in early september 2008 while attending a trade show in chicago.Luckily my company was paying the bill, otherwise I would not have been to happy paying $298/ per night for what I got. Honestly I have no problem paying that much per night if in fact it is justified in the service and amenities that you recieve.The Theme: its cool trendy with bits and peices of rock nostalgia here and there.The Location: Excellent, right downtown just of the magnificiant mile, close to millenium park and walking distance to the waterfront.The Room: was trendy, although the furniture in my room was showing some significant signs of wear and abuse. the carpet in my room was also in need of replacement as it was stained, and also starting to bunch up. The bed was excellent, one of the best I have slept in, and I am pretty particular about beds and pillows! there was an cd/dvd stereo system in the room but I never found the remote for it.The View: my room (2009) had a good view of people in the building immediatly north of the hotel, it also had a partial view of michigan ave, and the chicago river.The Resturant: the theme in the resturant is pan asian which I like, and the food was okay, but like anything at this hotel, very overpriced, again I only ate there because my company was paying the way.The Staff, was okay, each and every staff member said hi and made you feel welcome whenever the seen you. front desk was nice and efficient, the concierge desk was a little on the un-educated side: I asked them some directions a couple of times and they had limited knowledge of the area, even simple things like: how to get to the waterfront running/walking paths?.The gym: I usually loathe hotel gyms, however this one was okay, It rained one day so I had to take my running to the treadmill in the gym, it was a very nice treadmill in like new condition, as was the rest of the equipment. it was a bit hot/humid in there though.Summary:this should be priced in the $150-$200 range, at $300 per night I expect more, such as a hotel airport shuttle, a small refrigerator in my room, maybe a ipod dock (the room had a cd/dvd player but who travels with cd's anymore?) the location is great.I would only stay here again only if the price was right.	
Sep 2 2008 	Very Satisfied	We went to Chicago for a &quot;mini&quot;moon right after our wedding. We booked thru Expedia and after reading the reviews we decided to go with the Hard Rock Hotel, I am very glad we did. The front desk upgraded us to a suite since it was our honeymoon. The suite was nice, not spectacular but it was a lot more roomy then a regular room judging by the pictures. It was quiet, clean, and I did not find it dark at all as some reviewers stated. In fact, I was baffled when we got there because I had no issue with it being too dark. Our view from our room was amazing!!! The front desk was very professional and friendly, and housekeeping was terrific. We had a very pleasant experience. Oh and if you do stay here dont buy anything from the hotel...wayyy overpriced. We went to Walgreens for any snacks we needed. The Walgreens is right next to the hotel which was so convenient. The only thing I can say about the hotel that is negative is that it looks a bit used and worn. P.S. The bed was great..very comfy!!!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great hotel in a great NE-Loop Location	I booked a 1-night stay at the Hard Rock Chicago 1 day before arrival. I used multiple hotel sites to search for deals, but the hotel's site was as good as all of them but without the pesky booking fees.Check-in was smooth, and I was able to leave my car parked out front for a few minutes (not on Michigan Ave, but the side-street) while I checked in since I was just stopping in to check-in and drop off luggage before heading out for a drive. The staff was very accommodating and eager to please.The hotel room was very clean and well appointed. We didn't use the stereo system or DVD player, but it was nice to know it's there. I did use the free WiFi, but had to call the help desk service in order to connect my Mac to their network.The 12pm check-out is very nice for late-risers and those with later flights or departures from Chicago. Late check-out is available, but try emailing the hotel beforehand to confirm.Overall a pleasant experience. I would definitely stay there again in the future for work or pleasure.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great location!	I stayed here for 3 nights with three of my girlfriends for a weekend away. The location is excellent, with the free trolley service to the Magnificent Mile just across the road and Millennium Park, restaurants (including the fabulous Giordano's pizza) and Walgreens a short walk away. Get the map and directory from the concierge - it has some good coupons, including the Airport Express and Ghirardelli chocolate!! The hotel itself is dark, as previous posts have mentioned. The lighting and mirrors leave a lot to be desired for dressing up for a night on the town! The concierge service was excellent, but the front desk staff were hit and miss. We had made a note of our early check-in when we reserved, but only smoking rooms were ready when we arrived. Although we were promised a room within 1 hour, it was nearly 2 hours and a friendly reminder later that we actually got one. Be sure to read the elevator signs carefully to know which one goes to your room! Be careful with the minibar too. It automatically charges you if you remove something for more than 60 seconds. If you need to store your leftovers - ask for the refrigerator (they only have one!) from the front desk. Overall, not a bad place to stay, especially if you're looking to be well located.	
Aug 22 2008 	Overpriced with unprofessional Staff	We booked the hotel via Expedia and we were really excited to try this hotel but the experience was quite disappointing. We arrived quite late in the evening from IOWA (around 9pm) and Staff at the check-in was very unfriendly and unpolite (they were laughing about our bags, especially when we went away from the hall). This is unacceptable for an hotel which is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. We booked 2 nights with them and for a problem with the reservation we were asked to check out the following day and to re-check-in again. That's ok, but we receive a bill for the accomodation even if we had a pre-paid voucher with Expedia.The following day I managed to solve the problem with another girl at the reception, who was very professional and was very sorry for the several inconveniences.Anyway, the room (nr. 1115) was quite nice even if very very noisy as it was located right above very big air conditioning system block. The bathroom was nice but not totally cleaned (especially the bath). Another complaint: we arrived on Saturday night and on Sunday morning we went out early. We came back at 2pm and the room was still to be done. We decided to take a rest and the housekeeper knocked 4 times to clean the room, while we were sleeping. At the end she rang to ask when she could come to tidy up: we decided to go out. The following day, the housekeeper knocked from 8am until we went out.....A NIGHTMARE!!! LOCATION: the hotel is downtown but not on the Magnificent Mile - it is a several block walk. If you need to book an hotel, please book at the Avenue Hotel (see my review. We stayed there the first day of our trip) and avoid this overpriced hotel.	
Aug 10 2008 	loved the location	Hard Rock was a fantastic location for all that we planned to do. After checking lower prices with travelocity and finding rates at 30% off, I called the hotel directly and they gave us 4 nights at the 30% off price. (Originally we were going to stay north of the downtown area and take the train back and forth - we were glad to stay downtown in close proximity to all we planned to do.) Other reviews were correct in stating that the rooms are somewhat dark.... I kept wanting to turn the lights &quot;up&quot; a notch and they weren't the kind that did that! Room was typical for a hotel. I guess we paid for the location. Oh yeah... the bedding and mattress was heavenly.... we were out walking a lot every day and when we came back we crashed and had very good night's sleep! Concierge was stuffy, but still answered our questions and gave advice about misc. When I made the reservation I asked about a refrigerator and it arrived in our room within minutes of checking in! We had a great view towards the river! We did eat in the Hard Rock China Grill before going to see Wicked and it was VERY high priced. My daughter and I ate conservatively and the bill was about $80. Service was fabulous and it was great food!(We saved quite a bit of money by parking under Millennium Park in the Monroe Garage - about half the cost of using the Hard Rock valet service!) - will be posting our travel log with our 5 days of packed sightseeing and events (for first timers in Chicago we did great!) What a city! What a trip!	
Aug 6 2008	Great Location Great Room	This was a last minute trip and the Hard Rock was picked a bit on the warily side as the best option available with the package.We shouldn't have worried, the hotel is nice renovation, with one of the best locations in the City Center, just off the Chicago River and across the bridge to the Miracle Mile.Check in was a piece of cake, involving a friendly upsell to a corner room with a great view. Knowing we'd be in the room so little, we opted to stay with what we had. So instead of the corner room with a view on one side, we got a gorgeous corner room with a river view! Thank you Front Desk, despite Gene Simmons licking down at you, you gave us a wonderful space for the weekendService was good across the board, but sometimes lacking in the conceirge department. There always seemed to be someone there when you didnt need them, but when you had a question, empty desks.The China BAr and the Lobby Bar are both pretty much useless and expensive. Go wander elsewhere for a drink.That said, all in all, I'd gladly come back. The room was nice and spacious, and the location made for easy access to hop elsewere on any EL line. It was a really nice stay in Chicago!	
Aug 3 2008 	The Hard Rock Hotel Rocks!	We loved everything about the Hard Rock- our room, the staff, the location, and the overall vibe of the hotel! The view from our room was amazing! We were in room 2205- the Lenny Kravitz floor...we were right near the corner of the building looking north on Michigan Ave. and could see everything from up there! The views at night were even more amazing. The bed was big and comfortable, and the bathroom was cool and modern. All of the staff from the front desk people to the concierge were very friendly and willing to help if you needed anything. The location was also great! If you walk a block South on Michigan Ave., you are right in the loop and theater district, Millennium park, and all of the shopping and restaurants in that area. Then if you head a couple blocks North on Michigan, you are right in the middle of the Magnificent Mile and all of the shopping and restaurants in that area. Yes, there is a lot of walking to do, but you are in a major city and that is to be expected in any city you go to. Take advantage of the CTA, you can buy an unlimited visitor's pass for the number of days you are there (we bought a 3-day pass for $12 and then added money to a regular pass as we needed for two more days) and you can ride the buses and the el/trains as much as you want. We really got acquainted with the CTA and were able to visit some of the &quot;off-the-beaten-path&quot; nieghborhoods with such ease. There are also sooo many great restaurants, it was hard to pick where to eat every day, but here are a few of our suggestions: Lou Malnati's for pizza, Chicago Chop House for a good steak, Japanais for some awesome sushi, the Bongo Room for brunch, Big Bowl for some good Chinese and Thai food, Potbelly's for a good toasted sandwich(soo much better than Quizno's), and Portillo's or any street vendor for a Chicago-style hot dog.The Wendella architecture tour was awesome- it's a must if you really want to see the city and learn some interesting facts about Chicago! Stay at the Hard Rock Hotel and enjoy Chicago- you won't be disappointed!	
Jul 28 2008 	Was delightfully Surprised	I was attending a conference at the Mariott. They were booked up and I shared a room at the Hard Rock for a week by default. What a lucky break. This is a beautiful hotel. I am not a fan of all that black/grey vibe and find it a little cheesy. What I loved was the way the Hard Rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact, and decorated around the basic stucture. My room was CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN. I want to comment on the staff. What an upbeat group of people. This included the doormen, the front desk, the consierge. They were wonderful! Every morning one of the bell men would find my TV morning news show for me in the bar, while I drank their courtesy coffee. They brought us a refrigerator, IPOD dock, and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in. I had a hard time contacting the airport transport. The consierge took care of it for me. While I was waiting for the 4:50 am airport shuttle, one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back. I just couldn't get over how nice and friendly everyone was....great place to stay. I hope to go back with my husband.	
Jul 21 2008 	Very good boutique	I have been wary of boutique hotels in the past because sometimes I think they put the &quot;pretense of looking cool&quot; over service or substance. The Hard Rock Chicago, however, is a really solid boutique hotel. There is of course a rock and roll theme but it is not pervasive all over the hotel (i.e. its not cheesy)- there is paraphanelia here and there. It doesn't attract annoying teens or loud party people; there was definitely a diversity of people staying at the hotel, from businessmen to families. We stayed in Room 1404, which is a standard room but on the corner which had a nice view of Michigan Avenue. I highly recommend requesting a corner room because we had a lot of space, and also specify facing Michigan Avenue because an entire side of the hotel faces another building. There were two sitting areas, as well as a desk, dresser, two free standing closets and a bed. The bathroom was large as well, with a huge window by the bathtub. (Yes, there's a shade you can pull down. :) ) The products are Aveda, which is nice. The decor was modern and new. We ordered light bites for room service every morning and always received a follow up message on our room's voicemail asking if we needed anything else and if the service was satisfactory. We also got freebies with our room service every day. It was nice that they took the time to care. The gym was also very nice and spacious with a variety of machines. Be advised that while this hotel is downtown, it is not on the Magnificent Mile - it is a several block walk. (You are closer to Millenium Park and the Art Institute of Chicago.) However, you are close enough to have access to the Magnificent Mile and you will probably get a better deal at this hotel than others in that area. We had debated between this hotel and the Hotel Monaco (a Kimpton Hotel) which was down the block, and having walked into the Monaco to check it out, I am very glad we stayed at the Hard Rock. The Monaco's lobby looked kind of tired looking and Marriot-esque. All in all, a very positive experience and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great location poor service...	Hard Rock Chicago was just ok. The location (right on Michigan) is steps away from Wacker Drive, river tours, the loop, etc. We really enjoyed the proximity to everything. However, the concierge was not all that helpul. We had to request a refrigerator three times before they finally delivered it. Also, when I asked about an I-Pod docking station, they said they'd &quot;call me back.&quot; The next day, after not hearing, anything, I called again. The concierge told me one was not available for my room since I wasn't in a suite but &quot;there's a Radio Shack down the street.&quot; Not quite the &quot;can-do&quot; attitude the hotel tries to boast about.The room was decently sized and we had no problems. The view of Michigan Ave. was nice from the 22nd floor.Overall, if you get a good deal (like we did on Hotwire), go for it. Otherwise, look elsewhere.	
Jul 9 2008 	Rockin' good time!	We loved the modern elegance and simplicity of our room complimented by rock and roll art and artifacts. The service was excellent and the ambiance of the lobby coupled with a nightcap in the lounge made for an excellent end to a perfect long weekend in Chicago. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2008 	Loved it!	After reading some of the negatives I found the Hard Rock a great stay! Location was amazing and I never found myself wanting to be closer to anything , as a first time visitor to Chicago I relied heavily on the conceirge staff and wasnt let down one bit, the door staff and front desk staff was helpful approcable and friendly, staff wise I couldnt ask for much more! I did however have a couple small negatives, first was so minor but my boss who stayed in another room complained of how far the toilet paper was from the commode, minor I know but not when your already sitting lol. The fixture for TP was over 2 arms lengths away and how women havent argued this point I just dont know! The only other issue I had which was resolved very quickly is that the mini bar is motion sensor controlled, meanign if you even move a bottle from its original place it will signal a purchase, so after attempting to squeeze a deep dish pizza box into the mini fridge I was billed over a hundred dollars for the drinks I moved and not drank! Again though they are aware of the system and make refunds easily enough to rectify it! We stayed in the side that wasnt towers and our rooms were spacious, clean and well maintained, something I have some to expect of a 200 a night room! I payed far less than that as I used the housing board for a trade show to book so receiving the discount was a added bonus! I will say its rather noisy downtown and comming from a suburb of south Florida I wasnt used to hearing sirens and street noise but I managed to get plenty of sleep! the hotel restuarant was pricy but expected try the place around the corner for a cheaper same quality breakfast or ask the Concierge desk! If you seek good valuie, friendly staff and a amazing location close to everything this is a great choice! The added bonus of music everywhere you go and a surround sound sysytem on the room tv was a real plus as well!	
Jul 7 2008	Rocky service made the Hard Rock a bust	We were really excited to stay at this hotel for my sister's thirtieth birthday. The pictures looked swank and we paid $200 extra for a view of the city. First of all, the view we were upgraded to was definitely not representative of what we saw on the website, so I would not recommend upgrading over the phone. Make sure you see your room first. And yes, the rooms-while modern with cool decor-are as dark and dollhouse sized as everyone says (even the deluxe room, which is what we got). The main problem here though was the service. Everywhere we went in the hotel we received poor service. On the first day, we asked the concierge to recommend a nice lunch place. We were dressed nicely and definitely looked our age. He recommended a nice place &quot;where you could order anything and it would be good.&quot; He told us they didnt take reservations because it was so popular. We trotted off, expecting some swanky back-alley hot spot, a true taste of Chicago. Moments later, we arrived at we soon realized was the Chicago equivalent of the Cheesecake Factory. We were stunned. We definitely did not fly all this way to dine at a chain restaurant with 80 year olds and eight year old girls. We were expecting a concierge at a nice hotel to send us somewhere quaint and classy with local color, not somewhere with bottomless refills. Then we asked the front desk lady if there was airport transportation (such as a shuttle) back to the airport. She told us she'd be happy to &quot;flag a cab&quot; for us. Umm, even the Holiday Inn has a shuttle. The Hard Rock is supposed to be a nice place. In addition to that she was so dazed and confused and unable to answer even the most basic questions, we almost wondered if she even really worked there. Finally, the lackluster service at the hotel bar Rocks was really a downer. The drinks were practically non-alcoholic and the bartenders lacked even a tenth of the charisma of the Seattle bartenders we are used to. After hearing tales about the big, bold personalities of Chicago people, we were very disappointed by the dull and disinterested staff at Hard Rock.	
Jul 7 2008 	Comfortable and Fun- Great Value	I really enjoyed my stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The facilities were clean and elegant and the view of Michigan Avenue from our room added to the ambiance. The trendy lobby bar was a good place to relax, and the service at the desk was polite and timely.The highlight of the stay for me was the room. It was a spacious room with modern decor. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I truly melted when I laid down. The small touches added a lot - the guitar embroidered on the pillow cases, the CD player, the coffee machine, the bath robe, the huge shower... The only thing I can complain about is that the blow drier in the room didn't work. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great Location!	Just spent three nights at the Hard Rock Hotel at the end of June 08.This is a nice hotel with a great location. You are within five blocks of the major subway stations and a few blocks to the art museum. We easily caught trains to Wrigley Field and the Loop. We even took the train to Ohare when we left (It was not hard. The train went right into the airport and we saved about $45.).As indicated in other reviews, we did not find the rooms to be too dark. The whole hotel has a vibe and the rooms follow suit. We were without kids and it was good thing. This is not a kid hotel.The service in the bar is very good and the prices of the drinks were not too expensive for a four star hotel. They also serve an interesting tray of munchies for customers. The only negative thing I would have to say about this hotel is that the staff at the front desk, valet and bell desk are not that accomodating. This hotel has an emphasis on youth and we felt sometimes that these employees needed more direction. Guests should not need to track down a bellman or interrupt a valet's conversation to receive assistance. The Westin on Michigan Ave is not as nice a hotel as the Hard Rock, but the service is superior. The main problem with the hard Rock is that there is nothing special about the level of service. It should be better.	
Jul 2 2008 	This hotel is great with the best location!	This hotel is great!! Love the outside. Love the inside! We got a corner room(room 1501) which had a fantastic view! So many windows! We could see right down Michigan Ave. The room was huge! Nice comfy beds, 2 chairs, a desk, a mini bar, closet storage, and cd player. Our bathroom was huge, too with a stand up shower. The front desk was very friendly and helpful. We had no problems with our stay. I am glad we chose to stay here. We could walk right down to the Taste of Chicago. We walked every where-to Navy Pier, down the Magnificent Mile, to Millenium park to see the silver bean.There is a Giardano's pizza real close, a Subway, and Bennigans. There is also a Walgreens right across the street and a 7-11 close by.	
Jul 1 2008 	A delightful surpise	I wasn't expecting much this being a Hard Rock brand. I have stayed in Chicago a number of times at a variety of hotel on Michigan Avenue and I didn't even really know where this one was because it's rather south of the main retail action. I was in town for three days for a convention so I bucked up and checked in. The decor is very modern but dark. The rooms are elegantly appointed and average size for a Chicago hotel room. The bathroom looked brand new and was quite spacious. The exercise room also very dark but empty throughout the entire weekend I was there. One of my only complaints is the overwhelming smell of greasy Chinese food in the elevator bay on the first floor during dinner time. The restaurant must not have very good ventilation. The conference rooms were spacious but freezing cold (it was in the 70s outside). All in all, the service was very good, the hotel was lovely, spotlessly clean and it was a pleasant surprise. No neon lights or overhanging David Bowie outfits (all the memorobilia was tastefully suppressed under plexiglass). I would stay here again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Loved the Hard Rock Chicago - Best hotel beds 	I stayed at the Hard Rock for 5 days in June 2008. I recommend it to anyone that is either young or young at heart. The decor is very modern &amp; edgy with rock memoribillia throughout the hotel. All the employees very friendly &amp; accomodating &amp; went beyond themselves to make sure I was happy. Room service was excellant &amp; the portions were big. The location is perfect. Right in the heart of Chicago...only one block from the river. Shopping is just a few blocks down &amp; easy to walk to. There is a Walgreens right across the street so there is no need to pay $3.00 for sodas in the room frig. Also, the bell- hop offered me an empty refrigerator, a microwave &amp; an ipod docking station if I wanted any of them...no additional charge. I didn't need them but the service is there if you need it....just ask. The room comes with a Sony suround sound system too. I read some of the reviews &amp; apparently some people book this hotel through priceline bidding or hotwire &amp; only know they are getting a 4 star hotel but not the exact hotel. Some of those reviews give this hotel bad marks because the expected a different style hotel. If you want cherry wood traditional decor with marble countertops &amp; daisy floral arrangements...this hotel is not for you. This is for a someone that likes a more modern feel. The best thing about this hotel is the location, the quietness of the rooms &amp; the beds. The matteress &amp; pillows are the best of any hotel I've ever stayed in.	
Jun 17 2008	Be Careful About Hard Rock	I was scheduled to stay at the Hard Rock in June, but had to cancel. I had booked the hotel back in January. When I called six days before my arrival date to cancel, I was told that I would be charged for my stay because I did not cancel seven days in advance. I told the customer service rep that I had never heard of such a practice, but she said, in a very smug manner, that I was told back in January. I honestly don't remember being told of the cancellation policy, but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel. I, for one, will never stay at a Hard Rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice.	
Jun 10 2008 	Dark	I went to the hotel with my boyfriend for his business party and stayed there 3 nights. The hotel looks ok, but the rooms are very dark. I really couldn't tell how I looked since they were so dark, and I felt like the carpets in the room generated too much static electricity but that's probably just me. The location is good, we walked from there to the Pier, but it was freezing that time of year. I wouldn't have chosen this hotel myself and I wouldn't go back again. I can't complain too much though since everything was paid for by his work. However, the hotel did try to charge us for one night for some reason and we had to call them back multiple times to try and fix it. It took us almost 2 weeks to get to the right person since they were on vacation or something and it seems that they only have one person who deals with wrong charges. Overall, it's kind of a fun place to stay at for a couple days but I wouldn't want to stay there longer than that.Also if you are cheap like me, there is a Walgreen’s right across from it if you don’t want to pay $3 for a can of pop from the mini-fridge.	
Jun 8 2008 	Hard Rock On	My husband stayed here for two weeks while in the Windy City on business and I joined him for a long weekend. You have to 'adjust' your expectations when staying at the Hard Rock. It is dimly lit and decked out with Rock legends pics, paraphernalia, etc. It is a pretty convenient location being close to a train stop, and walking distance to several parks and other tourists spots. The bar area and restaurant can get pretty lively at night but hey that's to be expected. And we didn't hear any of it except on our way in and out. There are two different entrances so you don't actually have to walk through the more social area on your way to your room. We had a pretty awesome corner room although it didn't leave much privacy. They also gave my DH a fridge and microwave since he was there for awhile. One thing that was really weird is that there was a window in the middle of the shower and only a thin shade for privacy. I was a little worried people below could see my silhouette in window so I took pretty quick showers. Oh I did I mention there was a pic of Billy Idol above the toilet? Fun times indeed but the front desk was great and helpful and housekeeping did a good job as well. I would recommend this hotel based on personality but it was certainly an experience.	
May 19 2008 	One Night was NOT enough	Really great buzzy place – one that I will visit again and again.	
May 19 2008 	Uptight late 30s guy: highly satisfied	We had a perfect stay here and I would consider it a terrific value if you obtain the room as we did through hotwire. I wouldn't know how to compare it with alternatives if you had to pay full price.I would go back - this is a perfect location and it was somewhat distinctive. Building renovation is really inspiring. We had a corner room on a higher floor which had plenty of light and high ceilings. 5 big windows with superb drapes. The bath was spacious; all fixtures were new and the furniture was fine. It was perfectly quiet where we were and no sign of any teeny-bopper groups anywhere (that I was concerned about before arrival).I found service downstairs was reasonably responsive but one has to remember it's a fairly small hotel. Good lobby coffee and a couple computers in a nice spot that were usually free. That matched my expectations (in fact, that was something I really liked -it being a smaller hotel). The feel is upscale spartan but it's a touch above 'swank.' The room had a quality to it I don't see in the chain hotels below this mark (like Hyatt Place, for example).I would go back but I realize based on the reviews you might have a different experience if you don't manage to get as great a room as we did.You are paying for location here. It's great for a Chicago weekend.	
May 14 2008 	Never Again...	I've stayed at better 2 Star hotels than this one. The pictures do not do it any justice. Rooms were filthy. I had to request housekeeping to clean our room on the second day.	
May 12 2008	Great Location Below Average Amenities and Service	We booked a room for a &quot;four - star&quot; hotel in Chicago via a discount website. While the location of this hotel is fabulous, we did not feel that the four star rating was appropriate. The concierge and bell service were slow and somewhat unresponsive. The lobby and room were unimpressive. You can hear lots of noise coming from outside your room. While we did not spend much for this room in Chicago, I would be hesitant to recommend it to others for regular rates or an extended stay.	
May 8 2008 	Very clean hotel and awesome location!	My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago for our 1 year anniversary. The hotel was very clean and the staff was friendly. The best part of it was the location. Highly recommended!	
May 1 2008 	Disappointing Hotel OK Location	This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave, but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night, the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel.	
Apr 29 2008	Excellent Experience	Fantastic location, beautiful hotel. Service was great. Booked thru hotwire - 2 adults and 1 child - we ended up needing a bigger room (2 beds instead of one) it was no problem, and they waived the additional cost. Very contemporary, beautiful property. Yes, the room was painted a steel gray color, but it was not gloomy - very sleek and stylish, well appointed and laid out. Great city and/or river views from all sides of this hotel, situated right on Michigan Ave. An ideal location, close to everything. 24 hour room service with an extensive menu. There is a beautiful bar in the lobby (where guests get a free appetizer). We dined at the China Grill, located just South of the hotel, with access through the hotel just past the elevators. Gorgeous restaurant and bar, with the same high level of service as the hotel, and the food was fantastic. My son absolutely loved the whole experience - can't wait to stay here again! Don't hesitate to stay here for business or leisure..a sure bet.	
Apr 25 2008 	Good hotel in a great part of town....but please someone turn on the lights	I stayed at the Hard Rock for 2 days and have to say the hotel is nice and has a cool look to it. But like so many people have said it does indeed have dimly lit rooms and equally dim hallways. But as two brothers on a trip to see Chicago it did not bother us. I can see how it would bother a woman trying to do her make up since it is darker than the usual hotel room. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Good view of the marina city buildings (aka the corn on the cob twin buildings) from room 811. It is located in a nice area of downtown Chicago with Millennium Park just 5 minutes away and close to many boat tours on Wacker Drive. We were granted a late check out (1pm instead of noon) so that was nice for us since our flight was not until 5pm. The hotel also has free wifi internet which was a nice touch since so many 4 star hotels charge for 24 use of their internet. I used the concierge to check into my airline and print out my boarding passes. They were quick with getting them for me as I checked out. I do agree with the previous post that paying more than $100-$150 a night is not worth it. But then again thats because I got this for $100 a night off of priceline. I could not imagine paying the $250 a night they wanted through their website. Even with the $25 itunes gift card offer thats just too much to pay for a room. I would recommend this hotel to a friend and I would definitely stay here again. But next time I'd prefer the Beatles floor (4th floor), we got stuck with Cheap Trick (8th floor).	
Apr 22 2008 	I Love The Hard Rock Chicago!!	I very much enjoyed my stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. Upon arrival, the staff was very, very friendly. My room was available right when I got there--which was amamzing because I thought I was going to have to wait. I ended up leaving my cell phone in the taxi I took from O'Hare to the hotel. I mentioned it to the front desk, then I guess word got around and one of the bell hops helped me out with it, even got the taxi driver's name, cab number and cell phone and gave it to me as I was coming back from doing some shopping.The lobby of the hotel is perfect. The atmosphere is amazing. I felt cool just standing there. I would hang out there all the time if I could. The hotel definitely attracts a younger, more fun crowd. The location is amazing....walking distance from all the shopping, eating, museums, entertainment, art you could want!!! Not to mention, if you get lost, it is easy to find your way back because A: the hotel is on a major street (Michigan Ave) and B: the hotel is made to look like a champagne bottle...so you can always look for that gold top and know which way to go! I could see it from almost anywhere I was.My room was absolutely perfect. I read alot of complaints about the lighting in the rooms. I thought there was sufficient light. I also thought the bathroom lighting was perfect for putting your makeup on in the morning (for the ladies!) The lighting makes you look beautiful, unlike most hotel lighting which is far too harsh! ew! The cleanliness of the room is great. The Houskeepers were very friendly, always saying hi when I would walk by. The only complaint I have about them (and probably the whole hotel) is that they started cleaning too early and it woke me up. On to the decor, I thought it was pretty rad. Very chic and modern. I loved the art. (I had John Lennon in my bathroom!) The bed was very very comfy...best sleep I've had in a while...and I did not feel like I didn't want to use their linens. My favorite part of the room was the robe... I felt like a rockstar. :P There was also a dvd/5 disc CD changer and a good variety of channels and pay per view movies. The rooms all have free WiFi which I greatly appreciate. Free WiFi was actually one of the main reasons I chose this particular hotel (not to mention I got a pretty good deal through expedia.com) The bathrooms were very well stocked and the hairdryer was great ...a definite plus for me because I'm a hairdresser and I need a good blowdryer. One other negative thing, which is also to be expected, the mini bar prices were definitely outrageous. BUT a Walgreen's is literlly across the street and you could purchase anything there that is in the minibar (minus alcohol) for a quarter of the price!All in all, I LOVED this hotel and will DEFINITEY stay there every time I am in Chicago!	
Apr 21 2008 	Average Hotel - get it via a deal or its overpriced	Booked the HRH via Hotwire. Was able to obtain a room for $100 a night. Spending any more than $120 a night is a waste of money. Location is ok if you are looking to be in the loop and theater district. Nice shops in the area and CVS/Walgreens across the street. Rooms are as previously stated - dark - gray walls - little light - room design trying to be retro with a non functional application. For a standard room there is very little closet space, 2 people in a room is the max, very little dresser space. One drawer in dresser is full of snacks.. but don’t move them.. they sit on sensors and if moved, your room is charged immediately. same goes for the fridge. their room amenities say you have one - but it is full of HRH beverages and if you move a beverage or item in it - you just bought it... Parking in the area - expect to pay $30 a night - using HRH valet is $45 a night. I called several garages and they quoted $14 - 20 a night - wrong! that is just for a 12 hour parking period - 24 hours is a min. of $30 downtown. and no in/out privileges unless you valet with HRH. If you can avoid it - don't drive unless your combined cost of hotel and parking is cheaper than flying... or train.Bar in hotel - nice - but EXPENSIVE! Beers - domestic - $5 - (cheapest item). Imports - $6-12, Martini's - $14 - 20, glass of wine - $12. Shot &amp; Pop - $12. Watched the bartenders working on Sat give their friend who use to work there (overheard them talking) 4 Martini's - super sized for $10... but the next guy who bought the same - $60 - ouch! - its all about who ya know. Bathroom products provided are Aveda - nice!Shower - no tub - is a shower stall - with glass pane vs. curtain - nice size for two... basic room is 350sq.ft. bed comfortable.27&quot; tube TV with DVD player and radio.I would go back for location only - but not at their standard $250+ a night rate... as I said - anything over a $100 is too much for what you get.walking around downtown - be prepared for beggars’ - every corner has one or two individuals camped out shaking a coffee cup asking for money. Some say good day - others tell ya off for not dropping your change.	
Apr 19 2008 	Would not recommend	The hotel was booked for a convention through my company. The rooms are small and very, very dark. It was difficult to put on makeup and reading was almost impossible even with all the lights on. Closet space was small, after you found the closet - hidden behind a mirror. Drawer space - forget it. Most of the space was taken up by the snacks for sale. The chair in the room was very contempory, but also very uncomfortable. There are no vending machines in the hotel, so if you wanted a Coke you had to pay the $6.00+ a can price in your mini frig. There is no Hard Rock Cafe attached to the hotel, just a very pricey Chinese restaurant. The only positive thing I can say is they have a business center with free internet and printing.	
Mar 24 2008 	Beware of the 25th Floor	Overall this hotel is nice. I agree with the previous reviewer who said the rooms are too dark to work. The rooms have no overhead lighting outside the bathroom and have just one lamp that is supposed to light the whole room, but does a poor job. There are three other lamps- one on the desk and two by the bed, but they are primarily made for reading, not illuminating the room. The exercise room was good, the staff was friendly. Overall it was a fine hotel. My one gripe is with the room I was first given. It was room 2501. I'm giving this just to warn others in case you get this room. There are very few rooms on the 25th floor, so I'm betting the problem is with all of them. Initially, I noticed that the room had two big spotlights outside the window that are used to illuminate the top of the building. I'm sure it looks cool from outside, but it will force you to close those blinds (therefore robbing you of your view) because they are quite bright. Not a huge deal- I just closed the blinds. The second problem I noticed was a banging noise that happened every minute or so. I'm a sound sleeper, so didn't think it would bother me. But every 5 minutes or so there was a much louder bang/rattling noise. It was loud enough to make me jump each time it happened. The first time I thought someone was breaking down the door to my room. I think it must have been noise from the mechanical room, which I noticed was also on the 25th floor. Not being one to cause a fuss, I decided to try and deal with it. Well, by 2am I was wide awake in my bed awaiting the next jarring BANG! I finally gave up and called the front desk around 3am and they were nice enough to give me another room. Not sure what I would have done had the hotel been sold out because I could not have gotten a good night sleep with that noise.I can't imagine I'm the only person who has had this experience with this room unless this was a temporary problem within their hotel. So my gripe here is that they put anyone in that room at all considering 99% of the population would have a very difficult time sleeping through the noise.So overall I'd say it's a fine hotel as long as you don't stay on the 25th floor. Or if you happen to notice a loud noise in your room, change rooms immediately. Don't wait around hoping the noise will stop like I did.	
Mar 19 2008 	Hated the Hard Rock	The stay here was terrible. The room was dark - the walls and furnishings were all grey. The lighting was poor. It was just an ugly room. No coke machines on the floors forced you to buy from the mini bar @ $4 for a canned coke. The lobby smelled like Chinese food because of the China grill located on the bottom floor. I could go on and on about how much I disliked this hotel. The highlight of our trip was running into Potsie Webber from Happy Days in the elevator. Do yourself a favor and don't book here.Postscript: the Hard Rock Hotel is located at the far end of Michigan Avenue across the river. Not suitable for walking to shopping destinations ,etc..	
Mar 17 2008 	Loved the Hard Rock	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hard Rock over St. Patrick's Day weekend. We flew in pretty early so we were expecting not to be able to check into our room until later on that day. To our suprise, the room was ready we we got there. They did have a place that they would hold your luggage if the room wasn't ready. The staff were also very nice. They were able to answer all of our questions and give great recommendations for food. The room wasn't huge, but it was perfect for us. The king size bed was amazing and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel. The lighting was very dim in the room, but we like that kind of atmosphere. I know people complained about not being able to put make up on, but the lighting in the bathroom was much better to do that. The location was wonderful. It was an easy walk to pretty much anything. We got a discount rate through Travelocity so it was definately worth the price. I would probably not pay the full price to stay again, but if I got a deal I would be back in a heartbeat!	
Mar 4 2008 	Enjoyed my stay	A truly pleasant surprise. Nothing to complain about really! Had the basic King Size Bed room, which is about 350 sq feet I think. Not a bad view from the upper floors (23rd), facing the new Trump building - ok, would've been better if would've faced Michigan Ave for example, but I'm not complaining. The hotel is, as probably everybody has already said, filled with various rock memorabilia like rock stars' guitars, and is decorated with various monochrome pictures of rock stars on walls, the mirrors in the rooms and the bathroom wall. The colors repeated throughout the hotel are lots of gray and black, dark brown. It's also kinda dimly lit. Some people haven't liked it, I dug it. The room itself had a REALLY comfortable king size bed; an old school TV set with a dvd player, a mock black &quot;crocodile skin&quot; recliner/chair, a long desk, full bodysize mirrors (one on the wall, the other on the closet). Basic stuff really. I think the more expensive rooms have more modern TV's... This room was also really quiet.Some people justify spending less on a hotel room by saying, &quot;well, what do you need a fancy hotel room for, after all we just go there to sleep&quot;. Well - a lousy hotel experience can ruin the entire trip, don't you agree? I can't tell you how nice it was to to come home from the cooold Chicago weather, into the warm room, take a warm shower in the nicely sized and modern bathroom, slip into the bathrobe and then climb in the SUPER comfortable bed. And I got a really decent rate on Priceline, the nightly rate wasn't even close to the one quoted here for example.Location is great, right downtown on N Michigan Ave. Within walking distance to a lot of places and restaurants, and the closest subway station is almost around the corner. To top it all, I found the staff friendly, at least at the front desk.Maybe not &quot;luxury&quot;...well it might be, if you book a suite or something...but at least I was very pleasantly surprised and would stay again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Loved the Hard Rock Hotel	I was searching for a nice hotel for a weekend getaway to go see the Blue Man Group while visiting Chicago. We chose the Hard Rock, because my husband didn't want a place where &quot;grandma would stay&quot; so chose to stay here. I booked the stay online at the hotel website about a month before the stay. I checked the rates on the rooms 2 days before we scheduled to stay, and found that a better was available at the rate I booked a lower-grade room, So I called and had it upgraded to the next level for the same rate. It was a simple phone call and I'm glad I did it! We upgraded to a room with a view. It was awesome. We looked straight north on Michigan ave. We used the valet parking service. For $45 a night with no limit on in-out. So that was wonderful! The staff was very friendly and willing to help with luggage or anything else we might have needed. The hotel is darker. It gives the Hard Rock a distinctive feel and look tha no hotel I've been to gives. The elevators are nice and quick so that is nice. We stayed on the 21st floor and had 1 king sized bed. The rooms dont have a lot of overhead lighting, so if you need light to work, I suggest a different hotel. The rooms were very clean, the bedding was nice and soft, and very comfortable. The mini bar and snack drawer have everything on sensors, and if you don't want to pay $4 for a can of pop for $6.50 for a bottle of beer, I suggest you walk the one block west (directly one block to the next corner from where the bellmen stand) to the 7-11 and buy a can of pop for 89 cents and a 6 pack of beer for $6.99. We just filled the sink in the bathroom with ice, and it worked perfect! And saved us a lot! We did have a few drinks in the hotel bar, and it was $10 for a mixed drink, and $5 for a bottle of beer, so watch your tab! It adds up quick!The gift shop is nice with lots of merchandise and neat things. We didn't eat at the China Grill since we were so close to so much food and shopping!There isn't a ton of rock memorbilia, but there is a case of a rocker's things about every floor, so definately look at the listing in your room of the items to visit your favorites!We ate at Giordanos, one block to the southeast on Michigan ave. It was delicious deep pizza, and only $20 for both my husband and I to eat and drink! Very good! There is a bakery 2 blocks north on Michigan ave that serves excellent breakfast and there is Potbelly Sandwhiches closeby too, YUM! So much food. Perfect spot!! Visit! It is great!	
Feb 21 2008 	VDay at the Hard Rock	We decided to go to Chicago for valentines day weekend because of the great deal through priceline, and the hard rock just so happened to be part of our package. I was concerned because of the other reviews, but we loved it!!!! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The printing service downstairs was great for last minute maps or menus. The bar was romantic and perfect for the occasion. We could see right up the mag mile from our room. It was not too dark due to the huge window in our room, and I would rather have that than more lamps in the room. I thought the location was great because we were steps from the mag mile, but we were also in the loop. We will stay at the hard rock again!	
Feb 10 2008 	Great location dark room old furniture	I stayed at the Hard Rock Chicago for one night on business. The room was comfortable enough, and the view was great - overlooking the Chicago River. Furnishings, however, seemed a little old, especially the dresser and TV stand. Bed was comfortable, TV itself is about a 27&quot; old school set.The bathroom was spacious, but the shower has no partition between it and the rest of the bathroom. I suppose this would be ok if there were some way to keep the water splattering over the rest of the bathroom floor, but as it happened I wound up mopping up the floor with my bath towel.The holographic image of John and Yoko overlooking the bed seemed a bit much, but it didn't actually bother me as much as I thought it would.Bar is pretty cool, and the location can't be beat. Building itself is neat, also.All in all - the Hard Rock Chicago tries REALLY hard to be hip and cool, and it shows.	
Feb 9 2008 	Dark But Not Entirely Disturbing	The rumors are true: The rooms are definitely dark. Like, really dark. I wasted a good ten minutes trying to find a light switch, before I realized it was all for dramatic effect ... which was a little strange and unnecessary. I ended up keeping the light on in the bathroom, in order to prepare for my Monday meeting. But everything else was top-notch -- with the absolute highlight being the view from my corner room on the 27th floor down toward Mag Mile. Ridiculously amazing. It was my first time to Chicago, so it was definitely sweet to be able to walk right outta the hotel onto Michigan Avenue, and see the sights I'd been hearing about. Overall, a very cool place to stay, worthy of its landmark status.	
Feb 4 2008 	A hotel with the customer service philosophy of an airline	Airlines have been treating their customers like dirt for years, and now, apparently, hotels have adopted the same anti-service philosophy. My husband and I had booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago for a much needed winter break. Unfortunately, one of our bone-headed teenagers pulled a stupid stunt and we had to cancel our trip to deal with him. We called Hard Rock at 12:30 p.m. on the day we were supposed to check in and explained that we were having a family emergency and had to cancel. They still charged us for the night. Their policy is that you have to cancel twenty-four hours in advance. I travel frequently for business and have always been able to cancel at hotels by 3:00 pm on the date of check-in, so I was shocked and very very angry. The Hard Rock must be financially desperate because, although they got one night's booking out of me by enforcing their customer-unfriendly policy, I'll never book there again and I'll never recommend the place to friends or clients. Although this visit was for personal reasons, my business travel schedules change frequently at the last minute. For business travel, I would never consider The Hard Rock Hotel and for personal travel, I'd recommend it only to people who never have an emergency change of plans.	
Feb 1 2008	Loved the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago!!!!	We went to The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago to celebrate my granddaughters birthday. They arranged a party in our room for 8 of us, 5 kids and 3 adults. They went out of there way to make sure everything was perfect. When we arrived we were escorted to our room by the concierge. Upon opening the room door it was spectacular! Baloons attached to all eight chairs, table set with china and cloth napkins, birthday cake in the middle. As we were checking everything out, the pizza arrived HOT! There was also a table set with different kinds of pop and water. Flowers around the room.When we were finished eating we called to have the room cleared. It was done in ten minutes. Now that's great service.It wasn't just the party that was arranged, but also the next day we had reservations at The American Girl Cafe for Brunch. This was for a Saturday morning, which is always impossible to get into. Because of the concierge of the hotel they made our meal very special. He also arranged to have a special gift for my granddaughter. It made her feel very special.All of the arrangements were made by email and cell phones. They didn't hesitate to contact me to make sure everything that was requested was taken care of. They just wanted to make sure it was perfect.......and it was. And all this was done with FIVE days notice!I can't say enough about the treatment that we received! We will definitely stay at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago again. And we will make sure all are friends know of the experience we had. Mary Ann Beckermary12844@aol.com	
Jan 30 2008 	What the heck is that banging noise?	What was intended to be a quaint romantic getaway, turned into a sleepless night due to noise eminating from within the &quot;bowels&quot; of the building. My wife and I were very pleasantly surprised by the lovely amenities, rock memorabilia, etc. The lobby, restaurants and rooms were well appointed and the service was very friendly and accomodating. Unfortunately, after a long day of shopping along the Mag Mile (awesome), a lovely dinner at China Grill (wonderful), etc., we were kept awake for the remainder of the night by an incessant &quot;banging noise&quot; coming from somewhere within the building (we speculated that it may have been from the mechanical room, since it was a VERY cold night and perhaps the heating pipes may have been making noise). Early the next morning, we notified the staff, who were gracious enough to &quot;comp&quot; a room service breakfast for the inconvenience. Unfortunately, my wife ended up ill for the next couple days. ugh!I think this may be why &quot;discounted&quot; rates are showing up via hotwire and other sites.	
Jan 29 2008 	Modern style with dark lighting.	I just stayed here one night for a holiday work party. The location of the hotel is decent as it is off of Wacker Drive (South water) and Michigan Avenue. It's just south of the river. Cabs are plenty, easy assess to buses and walking distance to some main attractions and shopping. The hotel was newly opened when we stayed there and we were looking forward to check it out. The decor was very modern and industrial. (Whites, grays, steels, blacks). So not very cozy...but fit the 'rock' style persona. The beds were very comfortable. But the lighting was horrible. It was very dark in the rooms and dark in the bathrooms so it was tough getting ready to g o out to a formal affair with the lighting by the mirrors. There really was nothing special about the rooms for the price. Its really you are paying for the name (Hard Rock) and for the location and because it is located in the historical 'Carbide and Carbon' Chicago building . I wouldn't stay here again, but if you want to stay in a hip type of place and don't mind the darkness, the Hard Rock would be okay.	
Jan 23 2008 	Decent but Not Luxury	I recently stayed in this hotel for two nights. I never stayed at a Hard Rock hotel before and I was expecting more than just an average hotel experience --- but ultimately, that's all I got. The hotel is in a restored 1929 art deco office building and depending on where your room is located, you may have a nice view. The staff was friendly and the room was clean (although the room seems rather dreary since the color scheme is gray and black). Overall, I expected more from this &quot;luxury&quot; four-star hotel room, but other than that, I have no complaints.	
Jan 22 2008 	Outstanding customer service and friendliness	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago in January when it was freezing cold outside. I was only there for two days so I didn't spend a whole lot of time in the area, but the the staff made my short trip extremely satisfying and worth it. I won a trip to Chicago and the only time that I was available to go was in January so I thought that it would be somewhat miserable. However, upon arriving I found things very different. Apart from the already beautiful hotel in a prime and upscale location with comfortably modern rooms, I was even more impressed with their willingness to &quot;go above and beyond&quot; to take care of their guests. The reservation agent on the phone was very nice and helpful. When I got there, the front desk staff was very polite and helpful and were also very efficient. The concierge staff were more than lifesavers during the entire stay. The best part was The Sipping Room staff. The bar in the lobby of the hotel is nice but nothing to be awed by. However the staff there is the best by far. Bar none! It was so cold out that it made it difficult for me to go out and enjoy the rich Chicago culture so they made me completely comfortable in the hotel. While not only being professional and personable, they also go to all lengths, big and small, to get all the details right for a complete all around satisfactory experience. Thanks guys! And also thanks to the rest of the entire staff at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago including the executive assistant and general managers that personally sent me a thank you for staying there. World class guest service!	
Jan 19 2008 	Welcome to Stalag 13....	...well, not quite, but unless you are a fan of industrial, dark, relentlessly steel gray decor, you might feel a bit underwhelmed by your surroundings at the Hard Rock.The hotel is gimmicky in the same way that a theme restaurant can grate on the nerves. The rock theme is pervasive--even the mirror over the desk in our room was etched with Tina Turner's image. The pillowcases were embroidered with guitars. If only this attention to detail extended to more important things.The bathroom was clean, but contained exactly two bath towels. There was only one robe in the closet. Were my husband and I expected to share it?For all of the room's attempt at hip edginess, the TV was a clunky old cathode ray tube model and the sound system in the room would not accomodate an iPod. I don't know anyone who travels with a case of CDs these days, do you? All of the complaints about how dark the rooms are must have finally been heard, because our room included a $29 Target-type floor lamp with real incandescent bulbs to supplement the three 9-watt fluorescent lamps that were designed into the room.Desk staff was coureous, and the location is good. The climate control system is on the loud side, but street noise was minimal. At about 6 AM, we got a sudden wiff of cigarette smoke through the ventilation system--not sure where that came from, but it dissipated quickly.The bathroom was clean, and the bed was tripled-sheeted with good pillows. Internet was wireless, fast, and free.We Hotwired our stay here at under $100/night. That price makes the kitschy homage-to-Mick Jagger theme a lot easier to take.	
Jan 14 2008 	OK but I wouldn't pay more than $200	The HRH is located in a good area of downtown and you can walk to just about any site you want from this point. We got a good rate of less than $200 a night, and I probably wouldn't suggest anyone paying more than this for this room. The rooms were average size. The rooms were actually quite dark painted with greys and little lighting. The room itself was had modern decor to give it that trendy mod feel.Housekeeping was good and cleaned everyday with fresh towels, ect.the bathoom was decent size and the shower was walk in with a glass wall which i liked. no tub.I see rates up to $400 a night and I'm glad we didn't pay that cuz there's not much to this hotel room to really ask for that kind of money, besides being off Michigan Ave.Valet is available too and parking is hard to find so this is the only option you have if you have a car.The bar area is small but cozy if not too crowded. the reception area is dark. Overall, i felt this hotel was all hype and trying too hard to be Hip and the in-thing. If you get a room for under $200, then I recommend it. Otherwise, there are probably rooms around this area that are cheaper and probably will give you more bang for your buck.	
Jan 11 2008	Hard Rock in Chicago really rocks!	My daughter and I like to spend a few days over the holidays in downtown Chicago and stayed at the Hard Rock the last 2 years. This hotel is spotless, how many times do you ever hear that. The front desk staff are the most professional and friendly. Without even asking, they upgraded our room this year just to welcome us back! On our last day, the bellman watched our bags for a few hours including several expensive gifts and we didnt have to worry about anything. The front desk is amazing and friendly and they really make it seem like they care about you and want you to enjoy your stay. Even though its the Hard Rock, once your are in your room, it is so quiet. The rooms are very big and spacious too and tastefully decorated. Our upgraded room included a HUGE shower with a huge window overlooking Michigan Avenue - now that was cool - even for a 45 year old mother!	
Jan 9 2008	Loved the whole experiance	This was our first trip to Chicago and it was GREAT!! The Hard Rock really made it memorable, as the front dest staff member upgraded us to a room on the 3rd Floor overlooking Michigan Ave. and we could sit and watch the passersby in the snow!!! I loved the rock momorabilia!! We were on my favorite rock star's floor!!! Checked out the other floors as well.  We were concerned after reading many of the reviews but were quite pleased. No problem with the room temp or noise (I always pack my sound machine just in case) Loved the robe, (would have liked to have had for my husband but we shared) Staff assisted in getting us tickets for the Saints and Bears game. The fans were a little vocal to my husband wearing his Saints garb but all in good fun!!!  The room was dark as others said but the floor to ceiling windows made the room great!! Not sure what the standard rooms are like.  We were there for New Years Eve and thought the bar would have some sort of specials or added fun but other than a few ballons.... there was a private party on another floor and we enjoyed watching the limos from our window.  Great trip and we would stay here again!!!	
Jan 8 2008	Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!	Stayed for 3 nights for our anniversary. The desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary, he gave us an upgrade...imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only 3 other rooms! Corner tower suite with a view of the river and Michigan ave. Beautiful! Cabs available right outside the lobby... Never paid more than $7 for a cab ride. If you go in Dec. you must go to the ChrisKindl Festival for strudel!	
Jan 2 2008 	A boutique hotel that doesn't always hit the mark	Located in the distinctive and historic 1929 Carbide &amp; Carbon building, the Hard Rock Hotel seems like a trendy boutique hotel that hasn't entirely kept up with the times. The boutique requisites are there: young, attractive staff; dark, atompspheric public areas and rooms; trendy furniture; chichi restaurant and bar area; stylish 24-hour fitness room; CD/DVD player in room; Aveda bath products; etc. But iPod docking stations are now de rigeur at boutique hotels, not CD players (no library of CDs/DVDs were available that I was aware of); much of the clientele hanging out in the lobby seemed to be young tourists and families with teens, rather than true jet-setters; the room was oppressively dark (don't try to thread a needle or read a newspaper); regular TV rather than LCD/plasma, and the sound system was mediocre. In the end it seems like the Hard Rock Hotel would have been hip a decade ago, now it seems a bit faded. That said, if one can get a good rate it might be worth the experience for young singles and couples, but not for older people or those with small children. Good location on Michigan Avenue, just south of the river. Convenient to Millennium Park and Macy's (former Marshall Field's) on State Street.	
Jan 1 2008 	Good room good staff	We stayed here for a night in June - got the room from Priceline for around $100 for the night. We arrived really early in the morning to check in- 9am - and expected just to drop the bags and come back later. The porter said we should check with reception just in case there was anything free and he was more than happy to oblige - getting us a room straight away. This was a really nice touch.The room was a good size and yes it was a little dark but no-where near as dark as some of these reviews had led me to expect. Free internet in the room was a nice touch as I had some work to do.We used the conierge for some tickets to aa ball game and they were more than helpful and got us sorted.All in all, a good location, nice room and good service. Great value!	
Dec 27 2007 	Made our Chicago trip rock!!	We've always loved Hard Rock cafes, so when we learned there was a Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, we knew we wanted to stay there! My husband &amp; I went for a week, around my birthday, so the Hard Rock threw in a night for free! It's in a really old building, but is decorated really modern &amp; upscale. The room was super cool, with a great view of the Chicago River. The employees really did treat us like rock stars; I'd highly recommend the Chicago Hard Rock Hotel to anyone!	
Dec 10 2007 	Good hotel but not great	I visit downtown Chicago about twice a year and this was my first stay at the Hard Rock. I've also stayed at the Swissotel, Hyatt and Allegro. I would say that the location of the Hard Rock beats the other three because of its central location on Michigan Ave. This is important because most people will do alot of walking. The downside to this is that you hear more street noise (particularly sirens) because of where the hotel sits. As far as overall comfort and amenities, I still prefer the Swiss. I had read many complaints about the room temperature at the Hard Rock being too warm, however I did not encounter this problem. Granted, it was very cold and snowy during my trip, but other people were unhappy with the warm temperature, even during the winter months. I thought the bed was comfortable and the linens and towels were good quality. In addition to a TV, the room had an added perk of a CD/DVD player. That was a nice touch that I wish other hotels would include. It would be nice if bath robes and an umbrella were also available. The room was a bit cramped for my taste, but it was clean. My biggest complaint had to be the POOR LIGHTING. I know they were probably going for a certain mood, but setting a mood should never take precendence over functionality. Even during the day with natural light coming in from the window, there still wasn't enough good light to put on make-up. At night, it's an even bigger issue. I got a rate of $93/night on Hotwire and for that price, the Hard Rock was fine. I would never pay full price to stay here. Hotwire rated it as a 4 star hotel...I'd probably give it 3 1/2 stars.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great theme hotel	As with all Hard Rock's, if you love rock &amp; roll history and memorabilia, this is a wonderful place to stay. The older hotel adds a lot of charm, and the rooms are clean, quiet and very comfortable.	
Dec 6 2007	Average Hotel All Dressed Up	Modern decor felt cold rather than luxurious.The staff was very friendly to me.Very clean but sparse room. Spacious and new bathroom. I had a great city view.All in all, I wouldn't pay more than $150 a night to stay here.	
Dec 4 2007 	Nicely Restored and Trendy Too	This was the designated hotel for a conference I attended. On arrival, the lobby is not overly welcoming, more of a bar and meeting scene than anything else. Once checked in, the room proved to be on the austere side, comfortable enough but somewhat dark and cold. The room was exceptionally quiet even though it faced a busy street. I did not eat at the hotel, but the China Grill in the lobby smelled terrific; hopefully another time! The Concierge and bell staff were very helpful and pleasant. The hotel is somewhat overpriced for what it is, but the location can't be beat. If I was 20 years younger I might have enjoyed the stay more but really no complaints of significance.	
Nov 24 2007 	An open letter to the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago	This morning, I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago.I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the &quot;Preferred Hotels&quot; group.Upon checking in, I was &quot;greeted&quot; by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show.My room was poorly lit and dirty.The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky, dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work.The &quot;sound system&quot; was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox.No one, rock star or otherwise, wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper.Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the &quot;everything is possible&quot; line. Great marketing fails with no follow through.The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge?Looking back, I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty, drafty, overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list)With the exception of the fact that I was leaving, check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant.I, for one, will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm staying at the Hyatt.Rock on, TripStarr	
Nov 19 2007 	Depressing hotel	Went to Chicago on business and stayed at the Hard Rock. I was very disappointed with the rooms - very dark and small! Not only are the walls dark, but the lighting is very dim, very bad on the eyes. I had a beautiful view of the a/c vent with a large dead, decapitated bird on the roof right outside my window. That was lovely. My room was soo hot - the temperature control didn't work. There was no dresser in the room so there was no place expect for 2 small drawers to place my clothes. I was there for 4 nights and hate living out of a suitcase. The bar downstairs I found very disappointing. No matter where you go you can always count on a Hard Rock Bar for a good time and the feel of home. Not this one. Felt it was too trendy and yuppie for a Hard Rock - and expensive!! With the abundance of hotels in Chicago there is no way I would stay here again.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great location - way overpriced! BORING	Um...this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Although, the location is very convenient....there are many hotels that you can get for the same price that are a million times nicer. For the price I paid I was expecting something extremely nice....but this is like a fancy motel 6. I'm sorry but I just feel ripped off. Does anyone else feel this way?	
Oct 22 2007 	I'll pass next time	We stayed in Chicago for a getaway weekend. I was looking for something unique, and choose this hotel. We upgraded to a midsize suite on the 30-something floor. To be honest, I don't know why it was so expensive or what the &quot;wow factor&quot; was. The only difference I noticed was it had more trendy room amenities. However, it was very similar to everything other hotel we've stayed. Nothing special. And, don't eat at the restaurant downstairs! It was horrible and overpriced. It was a waste of our time &amp; money.	
Oct 21 2007 	Not Worth the Money	My boyfriend and I were in Chicago for a wedding downtown and wanted to stay somewhere on/near Michigan Ave. The price was $350/night and for that kind of money I thought it would be much nicer than it actually was. The pros - the location is wonderful, right between the Michigan Ave. shopping and Millenium Park, the room was big, and the bed was really comfortable. The cons - the price of both the room and parking (~$70 per day!), the lighting (there were no overhead lights in the room and only dim lamps and it was really difficult to put on makeup and even find things in your luggage!, there was no fan in the bathroom. The hotel wasn't bad, I just think you should be able to find more for your money somewhere else.	
Oct 20 2007 	Dark and cramped	Hotel room was incredibly dark and small...as other reviewers have said. There was little storage space but it was convenient to downtown attractions. Our company placed our Philadelphia office here when we came to meet our Chicago counterparts so at least I didn't pay for the room.	
Oct 15 2007 	Will stay there agian	We stayed at the Hard Rock Oct. 4-8. My husband and I were traveling with another couple and sharing one room. Upon arrival we were greeted by a Darren at the front desk who was very friendly and accomodating. From reading on this website I knew to ask for a room with a nice view. He saw that there were 4 of us staying in a room and told us that for $50.00 more a night we could upgrade to a mini suite. We asked to see the standard room and the mini suite, he took us right up to see a corner mini suite on the 21st floor and then a standard room on the 18th telling us about the history of the building on the elevator ride. We were sold on the mini suite. The mini suite was very roomy and comfortable for 4 adults with 2 queen sized beds and very nice linens. There was a wide hallway behind the bedroom area with 2 armoires; we were able to place all our luggage on the floor there so we weren't tripping over it, there was only 1 suitcase holder. The bathroom was nice and big wih a huge window. The bedroom area had 2 windows facing south where we could see Millenium Park. There was also 2 large windows facing east into an office building where about 10 minutes after getting into our room we spotted a guy with binoculars looking into our room at us. Fortunately all the windows had opaque shades; we kept those pulled down during office hours. There is a lack of lighting, it is still dark in those rooms at night with all 3 lamps on.We were very happy with our stay. The staff was very nice and accomodating. The business center is open 24 hours and you can use their computers and printer with no extra charge. If we are ever back in Chicago, we will stay again.	
Oct 8 2007 	A rocking Location	Just spent 2 nights at the Hard Rock on a wistle stop tour in Chicago at the start of a tour around the USA. The best thing about the hotel is the location which is just over the river on Michigan Ave only a couple of hundreds yards form all the serious shopping on the magnificant Mile. The rooms are of a good size for a city centre hotel and are pretty comfortable as long as you stay as high as you can due to road noise. The room service food was poor and quite expensive but if you avoid this your stay will be enjoyable. One thing me wife did not like was the fact that the rooms are poorly lit so it made getting ready (make up etc) a little tricky. Things to make sure you experince in Chicago include the Shedd Aquarium, the river tour and the Cheesecake factory below Hancock Tower.	
Sep 30 2007 	Ok if you get a good rate	Got a late room through Priceline for $110 on a weekend. Was billed as 4 stars. Wasn't that good but ok overall. Lobby is fairly small and dark, going for the hipster art nouveau look I guess.Check in was easy and people were friendly. Theme of course is rock. Not sure that adds anything to the experience really however. The room was fine but on the small side. One lamp so modern never did figure out how to turn it on and the room was dark in general. Hair dryer didn't work but bathroom clean and mattress good. Biggest complaint was both hall and street noise in room. Should be better if really 4stars. Location good and exercise room free so big picture we were satisfied. If this place expects to get $300 a night for a room it will be in trouble.	
Sep 23 2007 	Outstanding Service at the Hard Rock	My Fiancee and I returned to Chicago a day early after a visit to my Grandmother. We were both less-than-enchanted with the hotel we'd stayed at for the first part of the visit, and decided to try out the Hard Rock, despite the fact that we both prefer locally-owned hotels and B&amp;Bs.I loved the Hard Rock - it's in an Art Deco building in the heart of the Loop, walking distance to all kinds of shopping and restaurants and destinations. We were both a little scattered for our trip (I'm always pretty flaky, Fiancee had a cold), and the staff really went above and beyond for us.The front desk staff was great, friendly, and efficient during our check-in. Fiancee's cold knocked him out cold as soon as we got to the room. I think that the stunningly good linens, down comforter, and fake fur pillow (wonderful for a couple on vacation and missing their pet cat!) made him ever happier to sleep the entire visit. He was fine the next day, much to my relief. The bathroom wasn't the greatest (style over function), and the room was a little small, but overall, I really enjoyed it. The mini bar was fun, and we had a great view. The decor was great, really held together, but I found all the silver and gray to be a little cold.Since Fiancee was out like a light, I decided to do some work - I had to use the hotel computers to take care of some business (one of my work programs isn't compatible with my Mac laptop) and actually had to get the IT guy's help to load the program on the hotel computer. He could have easily said no, and I wouldn't have held it against him, but he went to a great deal of trouble to make sure I could get my work done.I got good dinner recommendations from the staff. I stopped by the boutique and got great service there. And when I forgot a ring in our room, everyone from the front desk to the bellman to the housekeeping staff made sure I got it back again. Even the valet was nice (and they had a radiant heater outdoors you can wait under while the valet gets your car - that was appreciated!) This isn't really the point, but almost all the staff I saw at this hotel were hot, male, and tattooed. I'm sure the female staff is stunning, too, and I just wasn't there on their shift.From now on, when I'm in Chicago, I'm staying here.	
Sep 19 2007	Loved the experience at Hard Rock Hotel Chicago!	I had a fabulous experience at Hard Rock Hotel Chicago!I was treated like a VIP / Celebrity and made to feel special.....my stay was private and quiet. was truly a queen for a day!!!Can't wait to go back!	
Sep 15 2007 	Excellent location 	Hi, I stayed at Hard Rock hotel, the location is excellent, you can walk to the park, to restaurants, to shopping malls. The room was clean and cosy, the bed was good, the view from the 21st floor was very nice. But there was no bathrobe, no slippers, the room had amenities for only 1 person but we were 2, the coffee machine was broken. I only paid half price and stayed only 1 night so I didn't really mind, but I would not pay full price for it.Enjoy !	
Sep 6 2007 	Not impressed with Hard Rock	I booked this hotel spur of the moment without consulting the reviews on trip advisor. I was definitely concerned after reading reviews on here, but I decided to stick with it because I know you can't please everyone.While Hard Rock wasn't the most awful place, I feel like it wasn't worth what I paid. I knew the rooms would be small and dark, but I didn't mind - we weren't planning on speding a lot of time at the hotel. What did bother me was basic cleanliness and attention to detail that I expect from a hotel of this nature. The shower had absolutely no water pressure, there was no bathrobe to be found, the room was boiling hot even with the thermostat set to 50 degrees, the maid service barely cleaned the room (or the hallways) each day. Dirty cleaning rags were left by the TV, drinking glasses were not refreshed, ice bucket wasn't emptied, and dishes and trash were left outside the room (for days).The best thing I can say about this place is the location. It's prime for getting around the city. With that being said, there are many other hotels nearby that I'll choose next time I visit Chicago.	
Aug 27 2007 	dirty and way over priced	My husband and I always stay in chicago for our anniversary. This year we choose to stay at the hard rock and we were very disappointed. We looked at pictures on line and we thought it looked very cool. The lobby had me very impressed at check in. The service was good at check in also. Thats were the satisfaction ended. The first step off the elevator proved to be what was to come. The hall way window had a dirty glass on the ledge left over from room service and the window looking out was filthy. As we entered the room the first thing we seen was another filthy window and the walls we also very dirty. I would strongly recommend asking for a room with a view. Our room had three windows which would have been great had there been a view of something other then roof tops. The first thing I did was draw the curtains and turn on the lights. I feel that if I pay 360.00 to stay one night that the room should be spotless and as I looked I had wondered if the shower had even been cleaned. The glass in the hall window was also still there on the day of check out, which leads me to think the house keeping is not very ambitious. I hate to dwell on the cleanliness, but the whole hotel seemed to take a nose dive after that. No frills with this hotel. Compared to others in the area, we were very disappointed. The lobby is nice but the rooms are what you pay for.	
Aug 21 2007	wickedly wonderful!!!	We won a trip from a beer company-the staff could not be any more helpful and friendly! The concierge was quick to help us with a computer problem...he recommended places to visit and made sure we made it to places on time! The room was roomy and we had a marvelous view! I loved the bathroom and the shampoo and conditioner! There is a bean bag room to relax in. I called this &quot;wickedly wonderful &quot; because we saw &quot;Wicked&quot; which is walking distance to the theatre!	
Jul 23 2007	This hotel was "just okay"; ask for a room with a view!!!!	We just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. It was in a good location and just a fairly short walk from the subway. Also, just a few blocks from Nordstroms and other great shopping on Michigan Ave.!!However, we didn't request a specific room when we checked in at 2 AM (due to plane delays, etc.). We stayed in room 715, which had an &quot;inside view&quot; of rooftops and into other rooms. If you stay here, you should definitely ask for a room with a view. We had other friends there that had very nice rooms.Our room was very, very dark. And there was only minimal lighting....not enough for our preference. Hotel hallways were also quite dark and also fairly narrow.The bed was very comfortable, but other than that...our room was just &quot;average&quot;. It was not really worth the money, in my opinion.Hotel staff was also average, not overly-friendly. The hotel has an extremely modern feel to it, which isn't exactly very &quot;welcoming&quot;. However, the guys greeting people (hailing cabs, etc) at the hotel entrance were very friendly and helpful.	
Jul 21 2007 	We Liked the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago	We recently stayed at the Hard Rock for two nights as part of a meeting/conference. Overall, we would stay again. Since the hotel just opened, the rooms are relatively new, there are modern showers, fluffy towels, nice bed linens, and the property has some historical ambiance off the lobby. Our corner room had windows on two walls, so we could see views from both north and south. It was clean and quiet.Regarding some of the other reviews on this post.....we would agree that the staff is somewhat surly and arrogant, but we only had to deal with them at check-in. The lobby is like a W hotel, dark, loud music with popular bar -- we could surely imagine the bar is wall-to-wall people on a Saturday night. The rate is high, but that is the nature of Chicago in summer -- we paid $180 plus tax, which is what virtually every hotel on the Magnificent Mile was getting -- overpriced yes, but the big city American hotels have fully recovered since 9/11.So we would enthusiastically endorse this property. When you check in, request a high floor room on an end, and you are sure to enjoy magnificent views of the city.	
Jul 12 2007 	WAY overpriced for its low quality rooms	Over 200 bucks a night for a tiny room with crappy old furniture - my tv was sitting on a desk that had deep scratches in it and was terrible quality.The hallways are dank old office building style, since it was put inside an existing old building.The bar is somewhat nice, but also very expensive.If my company wasn't footing the bill, I would have been pretty upset.I stayed at the W the night before, same price, and what a world of difference. That place is true chic luxury. Avoid the Hard Rock, the room for its quality should be barely above Motel 6 rates - it's a rip off.	
Jun 28 2007	Great Trip	Awesome Place. The bar view is like no other. You can watch the outside street going by right from the inside bar. Its sleek and well decrotated rooms we great. It's like walking through a music museum and you don't feel like its a hotel in some places of it.Beautiful People, beautiful location. I took my sister here for her first trip out of Indiana. She is 16 and truely loved the Hard Rock experience. Valet Parking, clubs close by, returants, and people galore.Its worth it to get a room High. The views are amazing. Definatley a repeat for me and my sister	
Jun 27 2007 	Great Location - Less than Great Staff	Great location with above average physical amenities including clean rooms and comfortable linens. One note: out of two rooms we rented, there was only one robe for four guests - website states robes as an amenity. Overall, the staff was accommodating with a couple of exceptions - conciege (we dealt with two) always seemed a bit hurried as if we were bothering them and the gift shop attendant when asked directions for the restaurant gave the rolled eyes look and an answer that let us know that we were definitley bothering her. The restaurant and front door staff were great, though. We did get stuck on the elevator for a little over 5 minutes - a little scary - I would have expected the hotel manager to check with us to ensure we were okay - nothing but an apology from the building engineer. If quality service is important to you during a hotel stay, I would look elsewhere (as I will on my next trip to Chicago). If you're focused only on location and physical amenities, you'll do okay at the Hard Rock Chicago.	
Jun 18 2007 	will go back	I just spent 3 nights at the Hard Rock. Actually changed my plans at the last minute and am glad that I did. Awesome hotel. Very spacious room ,king size bed was extremely comfortable, room was clean, shower was great,staff very friendly and helpful.Great location, walking distance to the Navy Pier, Hard Rock Cafe, House of Blues. I value these opinions when I book a trip, that's why I'm writing this.I've been to Chicago many times and this is my favorite place so far.I stayed in a deluxe room and it was well worth the price.	
Jun 18 2007	Great hotel	The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet, the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work, it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 2 2007 	Hard Rock Hotel - great location	The Hard Rock Hotel was centrally located, which was ideal. The hotel has great amenities and hip vibe. It was very easy to navigate the City and the hotel was near great shopping, a free shuttle and Millenium Park.	
May 7 2007 	Not there yet...	This Hard Rock property is not up to the normal &quot;vibe&quot; that you would expect from the hotel chain. The staff seems to be trying hard, but it will take some time before it reached the Hard Rock level of service. It lacks the vibe that of the W in Chicago, and due to lack of space in the lobby and bar, I doubt they will ever be able to match it. Rooms are very nice, but when I commented that the room did not match the description on the website, I was told that I had been put in a &quot;lower end&quot; Hard Rock suite..words you never want to hear! My advise would be to give this property time to mature.. and stay at the W for now.	
Apr 28 2007 	Loved the Hard Rock	I'm very picky when it comes to hotels, and have been struggling for months to find a favorite in Chicago, but stayed here last week and I will surely be coming back. My room was enormous, with beautiful views--and yes, on one side there was another building across the way (saw another post complaining about that on here) but you just close the curtain if you're walking around naked!I visit Chicago every other week and have recently tried the W City Center, W Lakeshore, the Hyatt, the Westin, the Sheraton, Le Meridien, the Burnham, the Hotel Monaco...and a couple others I'm sure I'm forgetting. But the Hard Rock was my favorite above all. The style is very cool, the rooms are quite large (mine was not unique amongst my colleagues), service was excellent, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept on in a while.I was worried they wouldn't let me in without tattoos etc, but the scene is actually on a par with a W hotel.	
Apr 21 2007 	Not very good	The only good thing about the Hard Rock Hotel was the location. My wife and I stayed in a suite and were very unhappy. The hotel was VERY HOT. Everyone who worked for the Hard Rock gave the exact same answer as to why the rooms were hot. Because it is spring they have to switch the HVAC from heat to airconditioning.............We pleaded with them to do it but they would not so our room was HOT.Room was dirty and the carpet was stained. Staff was not very helpful. Valet gave us bad directions.Hamburger and frenchfries were good and that is pretty much it.	
Apr 13 2007 	A little beat up!	Nice greeting upon arrival and I was assigned to a corner room on a high floor with lots of light. Unfortunately, the room was just across from another building where people looked in on me. My bathroom had a plunger and toilet paper in it and one of the shades was hanging askew. i called down to the gentleman who'd checked me whose first response was to send up an 'engineer,' to help me with the toilet. His second response was better: he sent up a bellman to escort me to another room, an upgrade on a higher floor. The rooms are comfortable, ugly/chic with good bathroom amenities (Aveda). The value and location are pretty good if you want to be on the edge of the loop. The lobby, at night, turns into a scene with pulsating, groovy music and hip people on the couches. The funny thing is I'm not sure if I'd stay here again....after all was said and done, I did like my final room where I had a good view out onto Michigan Avenue and a comfortable bed and a great shower.	
Mar 27 2007 	10th Floor Room ~ Not a great view	I got a really good rate thru a promotional offer ($149/night) But that included 2 drinks at the really cool bar in the lobby. I highly recommend the Upside Down Martini (taste like a yummy pineapple upside down cake)The best thing about this hotel is it is NON-SMOKING. I loved that! Being from Los Angeles I guess I am spoiled, but I like the fact that I can have a drink at a bar without someone blowing smoke in my face. My room was on the 10th floor, and I agree with the other reviews it is a dark room. But I like the darkness of it, it gives it a more intimate feel. The bathroom was a decent size and I really liked the Aveda bath products.Yes the room is warm, even after playing with the thermostat. But it wasn't a deal breaker for me since it was so cold outside. I am sure if it was in the middle of summer my opinion would be different.Now my complaint is definitely the view on the 10th floor. I attached some pictures I took out of my window. Nothing to write home about. Seems with a half empty hotel they would have tried to give me a better view.If I could get a good room rate, I would probably stay here again and ask for a higher floor.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great time in Chicago	Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect. The location was perfect. The hotel was beautiful. Our view was awesome. The room was large enough and very clean. The bed was very comfy. The staff were helpful - especially the concierge, Jared.I couldn't find anything negative to say. If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you can't go wrong with this cool hotel.	
Mar 20 2007 	Not bad -matter of style over substance	The Hard Rock has a different style to it. I had a fairly good size king room but no furniture to speak of other than a desk/dresser ensemble (rather cheap quality) and a rather funky chair. Some might call this contemporary, I'd call it minimalist. Room wall colors are gray with the window wall black. No question that lighting is dim but again part of the style. Bathrooms were very roomy and overall quite nice. Same issues with temperature control as others have noted. I would say the crowd seemed mid to late twenties. This location is more in what I would term the business end of Michigan Ave. Most of the shopping, restaurants and things to do at night are on the other side of the river further north on Michigan Ave. I've stayed at many different hotels in Chicago. This was a unique experience but I don't think I would return. There are so many different hotels in what I think are better locations and that are a bit higher up on the luxury scale for relatively the same price.	
Mar 16 2007 	Great location!	I recently went on a girls weekend to Chicago. Normally I stay at the Omni, but they refused to accept a coupon I had, so we picked the Hard Rock. Be sure to check their website before you make a reservation, for weekends they often run promotions like buy one night get the second half off. Check in took a little while and we thought it was fairly humorous that the front desk personnel were singing along to the music playing. Room was fairly expensive, but the location makes it worth while. I was a bit concerned that we would have charges for a deposit for the minibar, but the bill was accurate and no issues.Room was dark, yes. There were two lamps on either side of the bed, but certainly only provided ambiance, not good for reading. The bathroom was a little dark too, but no one had any problems putting on makeup. The bed was awesome, as people have mentioned before. But be forewarned, if you want a room with two beds the cost is $25/night more. We had a window that overlooked the city, so that helped with the light situation in the mornings. Didn't need so much light at night since we were out and about! But upon our arrival back at the hotel, no issues with the lights at all. Hallways were lighter than the rooms, oddly painted, but really cool. The lobby is modern and the bar gets packed early. Good thing there are several couches around the lobby to sit. Drinks are of course, expensive, ranging from $6-10 I would say for &quot;normal&quot; drinks. I would suggest dressing up just a touch for the bar, as everyone seemed to be dressed in business casual or better.Location is definitely a plus. It is at the end of the miracle mile and just a short 3 blocks or so to Navy Pier. There are a ton of bars and restaurants nearby, and the Intercontinental Hotel bar was very busy and one of our main hangouts. It is literally a block away.Oh, Chicago. I can't wait to return, and I would definitely stay here again assuming that their prices are a bit lower or they offer another weekend special.	
Mar 12 2007 	Just a few comments	We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago the weekend of March 9-11. We booked the room through Hotwire.com, and paid more than we usually do through Hotwire ($155/night), but he Housewares Show was in town, so rooms were at a premium. Just a few comments....most of the reviews say the rooms are dark...well, they aren't BRIGHT, but there was sufficient task lighting to read or work, and I thought the bathroom was very well lit. The decor is very contemporary....some may like it, and some may not, but we thought it was fine. The room size isn't huge, but bigger than a lot of hotel rooms I've been in in Europe and New York. The bathroom was more than adequate, and well appointed.The main plus this hotel has is the location. Perfect for shopping on Michigan Ave, or strolling through Millenium Park and the museum campus. I'd stay here again without any hestitation, if the price was right.	
Mar 12 2007 	Too warm won't be back.	Nice looking room, comfortable bed. It’s true the lighting is dim, which I like, however my wife would like a brighter light option in the bathroom for makeup etc. The reason I won’t be back is because as I read in previous reviews, the thermostat does nothing. Could not cool the room down. Very warm. If you like a cool room to sleep in, try somewhere else.	
Feb 28 2007	Worth it!	I have to say, I read the reviews over &amp; over again before our trip...and I was a little scared to stay at this hotel. However, I can say we loved the hotel...Location - wonderful, a short stroll to the best shopping on Michigan Ave. A quick cab ride to just about anywhere.Staff- could not have been more accomodating, from the bellman to the bartender to the maid to the servers at China Grill.Rooms - here is the only hitch. We visited in late Feb in the midst of a snowstorm. We are from the south and used to mild weather, and very used to HEAT. But, the rooms were hot as they could be. During our 5 night stay, we had four rooms. Room 1- small and HOT. Thermostat would not go below 74. Told front desk and were quickly relocated (even though they were overbooked) to another room. Room 2 - DO NOT stay in room #17 on any floor. These rooms, although roomy and cool, are sparsly decorated and right beside the ice machine, elevators and maid closet.....and very, very loud. As in, we didn't sleep a wink. Room 3 - moved back to 17th floor.....beautiful view, bigger room, but HOT.....with fan blowing, snow outside and thermostat set on 50 degrees, it remained 71+ in the room. So, I asked what to do....not for a room change and they immediately sent someone up with keys to a new room and even though we got an upgrade with each room change....they put us in a &quot;hard rock room&quot;. This room was HUGE, private hallway leading into it, views of michigan ave from multiple windows...including inside the shower!! Double armoires, California King, dual chaise lounge with ottomans, and it was perfect temp. wise. As I said, the staff could not have been better during all of this. We booked the entire trip - 5 nights + airfare on travelocity and we ended up in a room with a rack rate of over half of our trip cost. :)Food - China grille is magnificent, yet a little pricy if you are not used to it. We ate there twice because we loved it so much. Beware, there are NO vending machines in this hotel. But, there is a walgreens 10 ft from the hotel, a corner bakery a block away, a Bennigans across the street, Giordano's deep dish pizza across the Street.....just about anything.Bar - good drinks....hard to get a seat at the bar itself, but plenty of seating on couches throughout the lobby area. All in all, we loved the hotel, the beds, the room and everything. This was my 7th leisure trip to the city in the past 3 years and my most enjoyable stay. Past stays were at the Wyndham downtown, W Lakeshore, Intercontinental and the Hyatt.	
Feb 15 2007 	Not worth 250.00 a night!	Stayed at HR Hotel for New Years 2007. Priceline.com accepted my offer 119.00 a night. I was some what suprised after looking on the HR website to see cheapest room listed at 250.00. Read several reviews that said the staff was rude. I didn't experience this at all. The parking was expensive, 39.00 a night. I stayed 3 nights, and for some reason they only charged me for 2. Location was great. Lighting in the actual hotel room was not very good. With all lights turned on, I still felt like I was in the dark.	
Feb 4 2007	Great beds worn out hotel	I would like to tell anyone thinking about staying at this hotel that the beds are great the staff was helpful but the hotel its self was run down there were large gouges in the walls in our room the room we had was very small and everything was soo dark, i am a younger person and thought it would be a hip fun place to stay and i was wrong!!!! There are many other hotels in the area that have great beds great service, great staff and MUCH better rooms the price was over rated too!! I usually do not complain about things but i just want people to know you would probably be better off spending your money on something else!!!!!!	
Feb 1 2007 	bad beginning - great ending	My fiancee and I went for two nights this past March. I don't recall what we paid, being so long ago, but I remember it was at least 30-40 dollars cheaper than other nice hotels in town. Our first night was not so great. The small room was very nice, but happened to be right next to the elevator, and the frequent &quot;ding&quot; coming from it really disturbed our sleep. The next morning the desk was happy to give us a room on a high floor with a great view, away from the elevator, but I decided to push my luck and pressed them to give us a suite. After a few minutes of speaking with the manager, he rolled his eyes, AND GAVE ME THE SUITE! It was amazing - huge with wraparound floor to cieling windows, 50 inch plasma tv, basically the works. So the moral of the story is ask for a room away from the elevator (although it worked out well for me!)	
Jan 28 2007 	I loved it	Ok, I read some of the reviews here after I booked the hotel and frankly, I was worried. I got to Midway and took the orange line to Lake/State stop and walked 2 blocks to N. Michigan and there was the hotel. So far, so good. The woman at the front desk was very nice and apologized that the room was not ready yet (it was 7:30 AM, I wasn't expecting it to be ready) but asked if we would like to stow our bags and call back in an hour. We stowed our bags, went to explore the magnificent mile and came back three hours later and the room was ready. I was now panicked. The reviews said, dark, smelly, dirty and rude. the rude part, so far, was untrue. Got to room. It was dark, smelled fine and was pretty clean. As a base of operations, one could not ask for more. Hard Rock is a block or two from Millenium Park, a block to the Chicago river, a nice hike to the Hancock Building, but would be a nice stroll in warm weather (walking straight up N. Michigan with all its great malls and stores in the summer would have been terrific, unfortunately, I just got back and its January). Sears Tower, also walking distance, Navy Pier, not so far. restauants on state street and ohio, very walkable. Get the point? The hotel elevators are so fast, one could get the impression that they were your own private elevator. The fitness club was fine, empty whenever I was there. The business center allowed me to surf the web 24/7. The bed we had was fantastic. It was firm with a pillowtop. Very comfortable. There was internet access in the room also, I just didn't bring my computer so I used the business center. The one major issue that I had and it's the only one, it was DARK! I guess rock n rollers are creatures of the night, but this is really a bit much. I saw where a lot of the other hotels were, such as the four seasons, ritz carleton etc and a lot of the really fancy ones are further up on N. Michigan (Magnificent Mile), but to access the rest of the City, south of the Chicago River, It would kind of be a hike. Great stay, great location, great place.	
Jan 28 2007	The Hard Rock Hotel: in the thick of things	This is a stylish hotel located right on North Michigan Avenue, a five minute walk from the Orange &quot;Loop&quot; line that will get you to and from Midway Airport. Forget about taking a taxi: the train is a $2 ride and less than 40 minutes away.Our room (1802) was immaculate and spacious (350 sq ft, we were told). Decorated in grays and white, the room was comfortable and soothing, not jarring. On the other hand, we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading, finding keys, etc. No kidding. The bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp. On the positive side, however, there were Aveda products in the bathroom, the windows were huge, so during the day there was tons of natural light, and no issues with darkness. The king size bed was very firm, but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting.We had a largish TV with a DVD player. There is a safe and munchies. The gym is perfect, equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and weights. It is open 24/7 and there is video surveillance for safety. There are towels, water, headphones, disposable ear pads, and complimentary green apples. Suggestion: if you are on a floor below the 22nd, take the elevator up to 22nd, then down to L2 to get to the gym. This way you dont have to traverse the lobby.The front desk staff is amiable, and very attentive. I read some other reviews about nasty personnel, but did not have that experience at all. I got a free newspaper with a smile, a free stamp when I needed it, change and all the coffee I could tolerate in the morning. The Hard Rock is located less than a 20 minute walk from the Water Tower, the Drury Theater, John Hancock, and magnificent mile. For those who like a thrifty breakfast, we recommend Gourmet Pantry at 155 N. Michigan Avenue [--]. This deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a Sunday morning, no less: $1.99. The hotel has a breakfast buffet for $15.00 per person, but we did not partake of it.We would stay at the Hard Rock again, and think it is great for people with &quot;tweens.&quot; Not sure about the toddler set, though.	
Jan 25 2007	Chicago Hard Rock Hotel: Horrible experience	Rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see. The room we had at almost $400 a night was dingy and small. Don't mistakingly think the Hard Rock Cafe is there, it isn't. They have a Chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items. The room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods. When my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the Manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn't a choice. The Rolled Roast beef sandwich was listed under the 2 am choice and they refused to make it untill again, we called the Manager who did get it to us. The staff did appear friendly, although housekeeping totally disregarded our 'do not disturb' sign and would call us on the phone. Don't make the mistake of staying here but if you do, walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is $3 plus 19% gratuity. We ended up having to order delivery food brought to us. This is the most overpriced, over rated and dingy hotel we've ever stayed in. Taxi to airport is $40.	
Jan 4 2007 	Absolutely wonderful Experience	I couldnt have asked for a better place to spend our 5th Wedding Anniversary. We stayed here from Dec 31 to Jan 3 and the entire experience was wonderful. I've done my fair share of traveling to Hawaii, Orlando, Seattle, and others but have never came away with such a great experience like I had at the Hard Rock Hotel. We had a Deluxe King room on the 21st floor with an astounding view of both the city and the river. True, the room was smaller than most hotel's i've stayed at but the overall experience far outweighed that small detail. The entire staff was very pleasant and went out of their way to make our stay pleasureable. The floor and room we were on were surprisingly quiet. There are some excellent soundproofing or something because even on a rowdy night like New Year's Eve it was still very easy to get a good night (morning) sleep after partying. A lot of reviews on here complain mostly about the staff and the check-in as well as the deposit's required at check-in. I was made very well aware of these possible pending problems and was prepared for the worst but everything came without a hitch. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for anybody seeking a very classy yet edgy joint to escape from reality for awhile.	
Jan 1 2007 	small and smelly	we went to this hotel for new years eve. the room was tiny (about 15 x 15) and the bathroom smelled of sewage. the staff were rude and check in took forever. furthermore, the nye party sponsored by the hotel was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING! don't stay here. take your money down the street to the sheraton where you'll find a nice hotel with the same great location.	
Dec 18 2006	A great stay	My husband and I had a great overnight at the Hard Rock Hotel directly off Michigan Avenue. I saw many negative reviews regarding the darkness and gloominess of the hotel lobby, but it's the Hard Rock! It's edgy and modern and different. If you want the traditional old-style Chicago hotel, then choose somewhere else. But we loved the modern lines and the Hard Rock feel -- great music. We were upgraded to a larger room and received very good service. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was clean and spacious. Great hi-def. TV's. Very close to the Nordstrom mall and Millineum Park. Very cool bar right in the lobby. Will definitely return!	
Dec 15 2006 	Location location location...	We went to the Hardrock for the weekend. Our room was modern, clean, and offered a fair view. Though small, the room was mildy luxurious. Check in was hectic but simple enough. All other staff we encountered were helpful, polite, and pleasant. The hotel is contained in an old office building that has been restored. This adds character. The refurb is well done. They have a premium product at the Hardrock...and they charge accordingly.David Bowie stared at me as I used the toilet. Hints- Bennigans across the street is good for well, Bennigans food, but fast and cheap. The Old Timer's Bar around the corner has cheap drinks but the food leaves much to be desired. It's a short walk to the train (2 blocks).	
Dec 14 2006 	great ambiance and location	This was a great hotel, but as someone who stays at the HRH in Las Vegas a couple of times a year...I was disappointed. The ambiance is fun and trendy. The rooms are a little small...and I had to be moved to another room because the first one they put me in hadn't been cleaned very thoroughly. The front desk's service varies, depending on who you get. The room service is okay -- nothing spectacular. Regardless, the mojitos at the bar were good....it's best to stick with the cheeseburger if you're ordering from room service...and it was close to shopping. If you can get a good rate, it's a good place to stay, but it doesn't compare to the Peninsula.	
Dec 4 2006 	Hard Rock was just okay - not the quality I expected	I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago and have the following suggestions to the hotel:1. Purchase fitted sheets for the beds. While the mattress and pillows were comfortable, the fact that the bottom FLAT sheet came untucked the minute you got in bed was very disturbing2. Be cognizant of how many guests are staying in the room. When you have two guests -- supply enough towels per person. And please make a note, when a guest call on Friday night requesting towels for two, make sure housekeeping supplies the same number the next day.3. Make sure the food delivered via room service is warm. $65.00 for cold french toast and waffle is a little extreme.4. Provide bathrobes.5. Check the minibar. Don't assume that just because someone picked up an item to investigate means they consumed the item.In summary, with as many hotels as there are available in Chicago, I will probably wouldn't recommend the Hard Rock to friends based on this first time stay for me.	
Nov 9 2006 	Great for the cost	Booked the hotel on Priceline for $120/night. The hotel is excellently situated on Michigan Ave with easy access to the rest of the city.The decor of the hotel would not appeal to everyone and the room was a little dark but it appeared newly furbished, was clean and the staff were friendly.A good deal for the price I paid	
Nov 8 2006 	Fine but....	Ok, first I must say I booked through a web site (-). After bidding on my hotel, I realized that there was an additional $65 per night charge on the amout of offer, so, we didn't get as good of a deal as we had thought. That being said I enjoyed my stay at the Hard Rock. The staff was very nice, but, yes you dont get something for nothing like at other hotels. Free upgrade? No. Free anything? well, no. The hotel has a great location. We never ate at the hotel, so, I cannot comment on the food. The room is pretty small. To be honest for a hard rock hotel, I expected the room to be more themed. We had a picture of Steven Tyler and John Lennon and Yoko Ono. It just didnt make sence. I thought the hotel was fine, but, given the price of fine, we will try something else next time.	
Nov 8 2006	overpriced and snotty	Well let's see. The only nice guy at that hotel was the bell hop. Upon the arrival to the hotel, I was greeted and informed that there is a 50$/night deposit for the snack bar. The check-in guys were incredibly rude and condescending. I also happened to lose my wallet and only had 60$ in cash on me and the guy demanded that I came up with another 40. The room was ok. The decor was really cool. The people were not.	
Nov 3 2006	Bait and switch on double beds	Booked a room for double occupancy. Called ahead and requested 2 beds, and was told there was a $100 up-charge, but they would put down by request. At check-in, the rude manager, Rod Sall, insisted that it was standard &quot;in Chicago&quot; to provide only a king bed for two people. He offered to discount the upcharge to $50 for 2 beds. There are 381 rooms here, but he wouldn't budge--and no the hotel is not busy at this time. I am a lawyer for 32 years, have traveled extensively, never encountered this situation. Manager was totally inflexible. Assigned us to a room next to ice machine, elevator, and the employees lounge. This is classic &quot;bait and switch&quot;-- not the level of satisfaction I expected--very disappointing management.	
Oct 30 2006 	Adequate but not for the business traveler	I stayed one night at the Hard Rock in a standard double room. I chose the hotel because a block of rooms had been reserved for the rate of $219. I have stayed in the Hard Rock Las Vegas at least six times and liked it very much. This hotel was barely adequate. I like good contemporary decor but this room was dark and rather depressing. Everything was some shade of gray (including bedcovers), which would have been fine if there had been decent lighting. The lighting was terrible. Do not expect to get any work done in your room unless you bring your own lamp. I called down to the front desk twice because I could not figure out how to turn one light on and no one ever came. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice (cool vanity) but don't expect to take a bath because there was no tub. The prompt room service was the high point. They brought me a nice fruit plate with my continental breakfast for no extra charge (I had not asked for it), the juice was fresh squeezed, and the coffee hot.	
Oct 29 2006 	Nice staff but overpriced	We spent three nights at the Hard Rock in early July.The good: the staff is very good, and the location is good. The beds are very comfortable. The building itself is architecturally unique. We were in town when there was a festival in Grant Park, so we were close by. The bad: rooms were very so so, the on premises dining options were poor, and the rooms were expensive for what you get. Our shower (no bath) leaked all over the bathroom floor.We stayed at the Hard Rock because some friends that were were traveling with wanted to stay there. When I looke around, we could have stayed at the Drake for the same price (now That is a great hotel!), and unless you get a real deal I would not recommend the Hard Rock.If you are on this end of Michigan Avenue, have dinner at the Park Grill (the restaurant is on the edge of Grant Park); the food, staff, location are all great!	
Oct 22 2006 	Dark yes but great location nice place	After reading the reviews - our group almost cancelled our reservations. After arrival - we are glad we didn't. Yes, okay, the lobby is dark. So what? All the hotels trying to be hip and trendy tend to be dark. Check in was fast and efficient. Hotel is centrally located. You can walk everywhere. My room was HUGE and well lit. Bathroom was large enough to accomplish what needed to be done.Honestly I don't understand all the negative reviews. We booked as part of corporate travel - so we didn't pay total rack rate. And, yes, I agree there are other nicer hotels around that area. This one was still a four star. If you get it on Priceline, or just get a good deal - you have scored a win. I would stay there again.	
Oct 6 2006 	What a Depressing place	the place is so dark and gloomy , its depressing, The bath tub is half the size of a nornal tub the fixtures in the room are cheap, i felt that I was in a 1970's Holiday inn , There are a lot of other nicer Hotels in this area in the same price range , I cannot believe that they get away charging the prices that they do , I frequently stay downtown in that area and this is the worst room that I ever had. This is the last time I will stay at this hotel there are just to many better options.	
Oct 5 2006 	Overpriced dysfunctional hotel	The hotel and rooms were designed to be so uncomfortable it is unbelievable. The rooms, which are so dark flashlights should be supplied, lack storage space. There is simply no place to put anything. The lobby is a joke; the noise is so loud that screaming is the only option when checking in. Worst is the heating system (or lack of heating system). When I came into the room, the temperature was 65 degrees. I set it in the low 70's and returned hours later to find it was still 65 degrees. I called the front desk, where I received no help. They finally sent up an engineer, who said that the heating system was not designed to work until the outside temperature fell below 56 degrees! In other words, there was nothing that could be done to get the room above 65. And this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel? It should be condemned.	
Sep 27 2006 	Darkest Hotel I've stayed in	I have read the reviews listed below on tripadvisor, and I think they do a great job reviewing this hotel. I just wanted to add a quick note to anyone who might be bothered by the two problems we had with the Hard Rock, hope this helps you when picking a place to stay in chicago.I usually get a little depressed if I'm surrounded in darkness. This is just a problem for me, so it might not have the same effect on other guests. The lobby is almost completely black, the hallways and doors are dark grey, and the rooms were the most uncomfortable grey I ever seen. It didn't help that the four days we were in Chicago were cold, dark, and raining. The other problem we had was when we ordered a roll-a-way. The fee was $25.00. It is a airbed that inflates. Once inflated, however, it did not fit anywhere in the room. We tried everything we could think of, but it would have to be folded over in order to fit. Didn't seem safe at all to me, I'm sure that it can't meet safety codes. Our son slept in our bed. When I asked the staff that I didn't want to be charged $25.00 because the bed could not fit in the room, they looked at me like I was crazy. Surely this must be a problem everytime someone orders the 'airbed'.Or, maybe the dark hotel was having an effect on me. I'm usually fairly easy going, but I think there might be better hotels for your stay in Chicago.	
Sep 25 2006 	A little dark for my taste...	To start, I'll say the staff was friendly and helpful. They do pull off the rock-n-roll theme fairly well but in a dark and minimalistic sort of way. The colors are grey and black and the rooms have very little lighting, even in the bathroom. The room had a small side chair with a low back so don't plan on kicking your feet up and relaxing unless you get on the bed. Nice bedding and pillows. No wireless but a decent highspeed wired connection is available. Our room wasn't filthy but it wasn't clean. Housekeeping seemed to have a problem getting the basin around our sink clean, when we left it had the same gunked on toothpaste that was there when we arrived four days earlier. We returned one day at 3:30 in the afternoon after a full day of walking and sightseeing to get a quick nap before getting ready for our evening out. Much to our surprise the room had not been cleaned. My wife was on the phone with the folks in the lobby when the maid knocked on the door. We left the room to take our nap in the lobby which was a MAJOR bummer. Location is great, hotel is pricey and mediocre in my opinion.	
Sep 12 2006 	Perfect Stay	We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights on Hotwire over Labor Day weekend. We arrived at the Hard Rock at around 10:00 a.m., and they were able to give us our rooms early. Hooray! We were on the 5th floor (Beatles theme). The rooms were very comfortable. One of our rooms was on a corner, and had lots of windows. The other was was a bit larger with fewer windows. Not a great view from our side of the hotel, but we didn't pay for a room with a view. The beds and pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable, the bathroom was full of Aveda products, and there was a bathrobe in the closet. The tv/dvd/stereo combo was nice, but we weren't in the room a lot to use it. We were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks/drinks as they were weighted and we'd be charged. No problems there. We did not make use of the free fitness center, because the weather was perfect. My husband was able to go for a run through Grant Park along the waterfront instead. He said it was wonderful.We did use the free internet in our rooms. It was 'wired' internet, but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway.The room was a bit dim at night, but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps. There was virtually no hall / elevator noise. The location of the Hard Rock is ideal. It is easy to get breakfast at the Corner Bakery, just blocks to either Grant Park, The Art Institute, State Street Shopping, or Michigan Ave. To sum up, there was absolutely NOTHING to complain about. We would be glad to stay here again any time.	
Sep 9 2006 	Good 	Got to the hotel before checkin but the desk let us register early and checked our bags. Hotel decor is dark and dreary not what you expect a Hard Rock should be. Very small hotel, bed comfortable, room dark and lighting horrible in the rooms. Hanging out at the bar is something you definitely want to skip. Staff extremely rude. My boyfriend and I went to Chicago to see a game a wrigley, location of hotel is great right near the trains, if you can figure out which one to get on (we're from new york). Chicagos train system is more confusing than at home. Magnificent mile is close and so is grant park, the field museum and other main attractions. People from Chicago are great. My jacket fell off my bags when I picked up my checked bags at the hotel and the sent it back to me right away but no without charging my credit card unkowingly 6.95 for shipping. The Hotel and everything in it is very pricey. Will go back to Chicago but will not stay there again.	
Aug 1 2006 	Will not stay here again	We stayed here as part of a wedding group and it was great to be in close proximity of those folks. Otherwise, after spending one night here I can find no good reason to step foot inside the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago again.My wife and I regularly spend long weekends in Chicago and had been staying at the House of Blues because we loved the vibe and funky decor. Sadly, the HOB has long been tired out and we haven't stayed there for two years, instead bunking at the Sofitel, W Lake Shore, Hotel Indigo and Hotel Monaco looking for a new &quot;home away from home.&quot;We had looked forward to trying the Hard Rock as a new hip place to stay but were disappointed at every turn. Our room was beat-up and dirty, the staff members pretentious and rude when we called to register our complaint and ask for another room, and the bar was laughably small when we tried to drown our sorrows. Oh, there was one good thing - the elevators were fast. Which was nice, because we couldn't wait to leave!	
Jul 10 2006	Hard Rock Hotel Rocks!	I just spent the weekend in Chicago at the Hard Rock Hotel. From the moment I arrived I knew I liked the place. The front desk staff was friendly and gave me no problem about checking in a couple of hours early, I assume it was because they weren't too full. The room was super clean and had the greatest bed I have ever had in a hotel! The style of the room was cool with different shades of gray with mirrors everywhere. Although I didn't use it, there was a nice sound system with DVD/CD changer and internet in the room, a really nice touch. There was even a note in the room that you could borrow CDs from the front desk during your stay. My room was on the 13th floor and our view was obstructed mostly by other buildings, but it was neat none the less. The bathroom was unique with a cool image of &quot;The Who&quot; in it. My wife especially loved the AVEDA soaps and shampoo that were stocked there. I also thought the open air shower with a half glass wall was cool, but it did get a little water on the floor because there is no door or curtain. The hotel location was great for us, a short walk to shopping or the park. The river is on the next block and several companies had water taxis and tours available. One thing I wanted to do was to get an authentic Chicago Deep Dish pizza. The concierge desk was great in giving us a few choices on Pizza places and directions to walk there. They even got us directions to a popcorn place that was on my wife's &quot;must have&quot; list. I didn't eat or drink in the hotel but the bar looked like someplace I could hang out and relax for a while. There was also a Hard Rock store that didn't impress me or my wife, but I wasn't planning to buy anything anyway.  Overall we love the Hard Rock Hotel. A four-star hotel for about $159 through Priceline, a great deal in my mind. I would definitely go back to the Hard Rock although I probably won't next time since we will have our son with us. The Hard Rock definitely has that adult feel that says &quot;leave the kids at home.&quot;	
Jul 6 2006	Mostly happy with the Hard Rock	My girlfriend and I just spent 4 nights at the Hard Rock in Chicago. I love the Hard Rock in Vegas, but not surprisingly, the one in Chicago didn’t quite have the same excitement. The location (on Michigan Ave just south of the river and the Magnificent Mile but near Millennium Park, LSD, and the Loop) worked very well for us. The hotel seems to have been converted from an office building which created some oddities like having to switch elevators to reach the fitness center (which is very respectable with TVs on many of the machines.) The lobby and bar connect in one large area and, though both are spacious and clean, they lack the atmosphere of other modern hotels like the W. The room had a great king size bed and a modern feel. The bathroom felt spacious, clean, and well designed though the shower curtain was flimsy and grabbed onto to my body like a giant wet sock no matter how much I tried to dodge it. Our only complaints related to the service. We encountered two small problems – the drain in the shower had a partial clog and the stereo didn’t work. We had to ask the front desk twice to have the drain fixed and three times to fix the stereo (which never ended up working.) Overall, we enjoyed the Hard Rock and we received a great price from Hotwire.	
Jun 12 2006	Nice Stay and Location	my wife and I spent a weekend at the Hard Rock Hotel after getting a decent price online (Hotels.com). We were given an ADA-compliant room, which I ordinarily hate, but since the room was on a corner with a great view of the river, we were pretty pleased. Like most city hotel rooms, it was not large, but it was extremely comfortable and clean. We did not eat in the hotel as there are too many great options nearby. In fact, the hotel is right next door to Morton's and a short walk anywhere else. Very close to the Magnificant Mile, Millenium Park, Theater District. We would recommend if you can get a decent price online.	
Jun 5 2006	Perfect Hotel for Us	My husband and I took our first trip to Chicago and the Hard Rock Hotel was highly recommended to us by a friend. The front desk personnel were efficient and friendly. When we mentioned we were celebrating our anniversary, we were upgraded to a corner room with a river view .... nice. Our room on the Annie Lennox floor was quite spacious and quiet, but be prepared for low lighting in the rooms. The location is excellent ... close to Millenium Park and Magnificent Mile. Eat breakfast at the Corner Bakery just a few blocks north. There is also a convenient bus stop just across the street to get to the city sights not within walking distance.	
May 30 2006	monochromatic decor	I have just come home from a memorial day weekend adventure in chicago. We chose the hard rock as our place to stay. We wanted the House of Blues hotel but they were booked.I must say the hard rock catered to our every need or want, but then again we are not a very demanding couple either. We personally liked the decor but i can also see how someone could hate it also. We stayed in room 2603 in the tower section and was a studio suite. The room was huge and bath was very nice with its seperate bath and shower. We had no problem understanding the minibar situation. You only take out what you want to pay for and leave all the others alone or you might pay for them too. Voss water was $6 and a pepsi was $3. Typical. The location was superb. And may I suggest if you want an expensive steak dinner you need to go to Morton's steakhouse which right next door. So yummy. And the service was impeccable. We had Scott serving us and he made it a delight. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant so I cannot say what they offer. we ordered a pot of coffee from room service (there is a coffee maker in the room so I don't know what my husband was thinking). $16 for that. The lady who brought it was very friendly and courteous. The guys out front were prompt and attentive and the concierge answered all questions we had and gave us discount cards at numerous places we decided to visit. The front desk employees were helpful and nice. So now to the reason for only a four rating. What was that banging noise coming from somewhere in the tower section of the hotel. From the time we checked in on saturday to our checkout on monday it would not go away. granted it didn't bother our sleeping because we were a couple of drinkers that weekend but it might keep someone awake. We asked about it at checkout and it was a shock to them. so maybe it was only being heard on our floor? I will stay here again if the house of blues hotel is booked up again when I go. We just loved our 2 previous stays at the HOB hotel. Good Luck!!	
May 8 2006	Decent stay at the Hard Rock	Stayed in the Hard Rock for 4 nights in April 2006. Bargain price of £93 a night via Priceline which is why it gets 4 stars. However if I had paid full whack then it would have been rated &quot;Average&quot;.Good points:*Excellent location - 10 minute walk to the Mag Mile and 5 minute walk to Millennium Park and the theatre district.*Very comfortable bed, stylish room, good entertainment centre.*Large bathroom with quality toiletries and picture of John Lennon &amp; Yoko. Cool.Not so good points:*Staff - a bit hit and miss. Front desk staff generally helpful, concierge made us feel like we were bothering him (and concierge wasn't there on our first day).*Air con - room was quite hot. When we checked in we were told that the hotel uses &quot;recirculated air so if you want the room cooler you need to open the window&quot;. Really - would never have thought of that myself.As mentioned, for less than £100 per night it was very good value for money. Not sure it would be at their usual price.Chicago - great city to visit.	
May 2 2006	Disappointing	this was my first trip to the USA and I was expecting the world renown service that you always hear about. For a start I was left at the reception for 20 mins whilst they could not locate my booking and kept insisting that I did not have a reservation. After the long flight and US immigration queues this was not welcome! Generally the hotel is loud with lots of parties and we were on the 4th floor and the traffic noise was disturbing. The room was nice and large but stupid things like no proper lighting in the room let it down. It is in a reasonable location but I won't rush back there again.	
Apr 18 2006	Nice Stay at the Hard Rock	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago over Easter Weekend. We had a basic King room that overlooked Michigan Ave. Overall, the hotel room was very nice. It was a good size and the bed was comfortable. Only complaint was the lack of lighting in the room, but that of course didn't ruin our stay! It is located further down on the Magnificant Mile but close to the Theater District. We ate breakfast at the China Grill on two mornings. The buffet was only so-so...there is a good breakfast place around the corner from the Hard Rock called Old Timers that we discovered on our last day. Good food and reasonably priced! The conceriege desk was very helpful &amp; accomodating and they have several pamphlets on shopping &amp; dining for you to have! During our stay we went to the Lincoln Park Zoo (in our opinion, an absolute MUST!), saw Wicked at the Oriental Theater, went to US Cellular Field to see the White Sox, and shopped A LOT! We had a great trip to Chicago &amp; we would definitely go back, but probably would want to try out the numerous other hotels located in the Loop, just to try something different!	
Mar 19 2006	Loved it!	Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a &quot;friendly lady looking for business&quot; when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you!	
Mar 13 2006	No Complaints!!	My best friend and I stayed at the Hard Rock for 4 nights in March...We flew in from California at noon and we stopped by the hotel to have them store our luggage until check-in, which is at 3 p.m. We were very pleased when they allowed us to check in upon arrival at 1 p.m. We were informed right away about the censored mini-bar by the front desk. Our room (2103) was spacious enough for the two of us and our belongings...the bed was also pretty comfortable. The hotel itself has a modern touch to it...Like other reviewers mentioned, the bar downstairs drew a good crowd even though the drinks were a bit pricy. The bellmen and valet workers were always pleasant and greeted us each time we saw them...Being in our twenties and from the west coast, we were very interested in Chicago's nightlife...The workers recommended some great places for us to check out...The location of the hotel is excellent...it is so close to Millenium Park and literally around the corner from the Chicago River...Just a short stroll down Michigan Avenue are all the stores and malls. Walgreens drug store is also directly across the street, which was great for me because I was developing a cold and was able to buy medicine right away. Also, another bonus was the free high-speed internet. I had files that I had to work on, so it was very convenient to have unlimited access on the web through my laptop. The Hard Rock Hotel also has a business center on the third floor where you could opt to work if you don't want to work in your room. All you have to do is use your room key to get in...I was able to take the elevator down real quick to use the printer in the business center to print out my boarding pass for free. Very convenient! I am going back to Chicago in the summer and I am definitely booking another stay at the Hard Rock. No complaints at all...	
Mar 11 2006	Not so rockin' !	My husband and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Chicago. Having stayed at the one in Orlando on several ocassions, we had some reasonable expectations as what to expect. THESE 2 HOTELS HAVE, NOTHING IN COMMON EXCEPT THE NAME. The hotel lobby is smallish and very dark. Decor unremarkable and stark. There is a bar on one end. (More on that later). The rooms were modern, well appointed, but on the small side. We paid about $200, which is not bad for downtown. The Hard Rock restaurant with all the memorabilia is no where near, and we were told is not owned by or affiliated with the hotel. I don't recall seeing ANY restaurant. There is a small gift shop located just off of the lobby. Before we went out for dinner my husband and I went down to the bar for cocktails and people watching. The drinks were pretty pricey and not very good. As for &quot;people watching&quot;, it was too dark! I think I know the atmosphere they are going for: minimalist, hipster, dark, and if this is what you are looking for it pays off in spades. I guess the Hard Rock Chicago just wasn't for us.	
Feb 22 2006	Very Nice Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock for a get-away weekend and had a great experience. The valet parking worked out great and the &quot;in/out&quot; privilage is nice. You have the option of them getting your car anytime you want and you'll still only pay the flat $38 per day. Staff was very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is that we felt the concierge could've been a little more pleasant. We had an issue with our bill at the end of the stay and the front desk was very helpful and quick to resolve the problem. I know someone mentioned it in an earlier review, but be very careful about the wet bar/snacks. There are sensors that monitor the drinks and food and if anything at all is moved, they will charge it to your room. I knew that going into the stay since I had already read about it, but the front desk explained the details as well when we checked in. Overall, we had a wonderful time and I will definitely consider the Hard Rock for our next visit!	
Feb 7 2006	Hotel did not live up to our expectations	My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel for one night in February and were not impressed. We have stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Orlando on three occasions and thought it was really nice. The Chicago location doesn't come close to Orlando. The decor is very bleak....blacks, greys, chrome and very gloomy hallways. As mentioned before in other reviews I counted only one item of music memorabelia on our floor. The set up for the lounge is very confusing. Misc chairs line the hallway by the reservation desk and a small bar is available for drinks. Not a cozy comfortable area at all. We ended up ordering a drink and taking it back to our room. Breakfast at the hotel was OK however quite expensive. Very slow service did not make it much better.There are so many really nice hotels to stay at in Chicago so consider other options before booking at this hotel.	
Jan 26 2006	Picky reviewer	I tend to be really picky when it comes to hotels and I always check for reviews... Hard Rock Hotel is close to Millenium Park but a distance from all the main shopping area. The hotel is very clean and modern to say the least. The room itself was very sleek and we were so happy with our decision to stay there. In the evening we went to the bar downstairs wehere they had a DJ and it got pretty crowded.. Drinks were a bit expensive but it's the price to pay where you're at- pretty much everywhere around there you will pay the same prices. I have no real complaints!	
Jan 17 2006	Nice hotel but too many problems	I will say that the Hard Rock Hotel is in a good location and that the rooms are very modern but that's all the good I can say about it. The service we received was horrible. We arrived at about 2:30 am on Friday morning. Our reservations were not for later that day. The lady at the front desk would not let us check in early nor would she prorate the rate. I've stayed at the Marriott in NY and they were more than glad to accommodate us. We had one room that we got thru priceline at a discounted price and the other room at the regular rate. She said she would honor the priceline rate for the additional night. When we got the invoice (a day earlier than we were suppose to), we were charged the regular rate. When we went to resolve the issue w/ the front desk, they said that they couldnt honor that rate although thats what we were told but that they would give us complementary champagne for the miscommunication. We were charged for the champagne and had to complain once again to get it removed. It was just a lot of hassle. The staff does not communicate with one other and if they had we would not have had all these problems. I will not be staying at the Hard Rock again. There are other hotels in the area that are just as nice and offer better service.	
Jan 9 2006	Great Chicago hotel	My boyfriend and I are Chicagoans who just wanted a romantic night in the city. We chose the Hard Rock due to a great deal. The location is wonderful: convenient to public transportation, close to the lake and river (water views in several rooms), convenient for shopping and nightlife (downstairs bar is very chic) and easy to walk around the city. The rooms are accomodating and the beds provide a great night's sleep! Be warned that the mini bar is sensored and anything that moves in it will automatically be billed to your account. We chilled our own wine in the sink with ice.	
Dec 16 2005	Eh. It's alright.	I booked a room at the Hard Rock because of it's location (husband and friend were running the marathon) and I found a good deal on their website (it was called the &quot;uncensored package&quot; which included breakfast every morn. and a &quot;mysterious brown box&quot;...whatever that meant!). I was a little reluctant to book here, but figured I'd be prepared because of all the mixed reviews I had read on trip advisor. So, because we reserved so early (we knew rooms would be limited in the area because of the run) I called every two months to make sure we had our reservation. Each time I called, a pleasant person answered and confirmed registration and package. I even got them to assign a hotel room in advance (Rm 1806)and give me an earlier check-in time and I confirmed it over and over. We came into Chicago, took the &quot;L&quot; and checked in with the front desk--no problem, but no one knew what the &quot;uncensored package&quot; was. It's not like we really cared, we just wanted the breakfast! They said they would call up and let us know. Never called. I went downstairs and talked to them again--the people there said there was no such thing as the &quot;uncensored package&quot; and they would call up to let me know what they found out. Never called. At that point, I didn't really care to keep calling, because we had stuff to do with the marathon and quite frankly, that's not MY job.We had a small, clean room. Good view of N. Michigan street. Large bathroom with a tub/shower, Aveda bathroom supplies and plenty of fluffy bathrobes and towels. Beds were really great and it was generally quiet up there (those were the key things the runners needed!). The bar downstairs was a good place to end up after a night, even though the bartenders act too hip for you. The doormen were the best! What crackups! The internet access in the business center was free. It was always open and there was no one around--it just cost money to print off their computers. The room service people would forget toilet paper, of all things, and I would have to call and ask for it. Concierge service was a joke--they tried to set things up for us (boat arch. tour) and didn't do it right and offered no options (we called and booked on our own). Fridge in room wouldn't dispense things--called to get it fixed. It was fixed electronically and I ate a few things out of it and they didn't charge us on our bill. On the last day, we got the bill and, lo and behold, it listed the &quot;Uncensored Package&quot; with my room rate! I was so mad and called the front desk and wanted to know why they (essentially) lied and didn't follow up with me about this. No explanations--I finally said &quot;Well, at least I want breakfast ONE of these days!&quot; They said no problem--I called room service and had a GREAT meal delivered up. Room service tried to give me the bill, but I told them that the front desk was taking care of it. I should have just done that every morning, now that I think about it. So, all in all, the hotel really doesn't live up to the hype and it's way over-priced for pretty crappy service and small rooms. The little things are nice (products, bed, view-if you're lucky), but it just doesn't seem to cover the lazy, inexperienced and ridiculously pretentious service that comes with this hotel. I just don't know how this place has managed to get away with this for so long--I've never seen a hotel where the reviews are so mixed and vary wildly one way or another. Hotel services should be consistent, not based on whether someone is having a bad day or they're new. I just don't get this place.	
Nov 22 2005	Perfectly Adequate	Yes, the beds are great. Plus, the room (on 22nd floor) was silent throughout the night. Room service prices reasonable. Service very good. The negatives: tiny amount of drawer and closet space. Only one small drawer per person, a very small shared closet. Not enough hangers. No bathtub in room, only shower (I like options). Only one bathrobe provided. Lighting was dim throughout, including bathroom, though it was flattering, if that helps. The reading lights by bed were adequate, though -- a big plus since so many hotels fail in that regard. The walls in the bathroom were dirty looking and the bathroom countertop was trashed -- it looked dirty, but was just badly stained. Poor choice of cheap countertop material. But adequate space for amenities. Overall, a perfectly fine place, just not exceptional. But the good night's sleep made the negatives less odious.	
Nov 14 2005	Doesn't quite live up to expectations....	I had high hopes for this hotel, but it doesn't quite live up to it.The start wasn't great. Upon entering my room I found the the previous guest hadn't left yet!! A bad error and a major security risk. Anyway, I was quickly provided with another room. The room was a little on the small side, but comfortable with a great bed. However it really lacked any real magic apart from a few music related pictures.The Hard Rock theme is continued throughout the hotel, but it seems half hearted (there was nothing on my floor - 21st).They lobby is cool and they did arrange a Madonna 'listening party' but overall it lacks a certain edge to make it stand out from the crowd.That said, it's a perfectly acceptable hotel, with good service and great beds.	
Nov 13 2005	Hard Rock Anniversary	We went to Chicago for our 21st anniversary and had a wonderful stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. The beds are excellent! The room was clean and very well maintained throughout our stay. The atmosphere is very contemporary, which was the opposite of what we normally experience, but it was fun to try something new. The one drawback was the lobby turned lounge in the evenings. It is a hang out spot for yuppies and lots of partying and making out is going on. We avoided this by using the side entrance on Michigan Avenue when entering and exiting the hotel in the evenings. The staff was helpful and courteous. Located on the Magnificent Mile with access to some of Chicago's wonderful sights, we'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 23 2005	Form over function = average hotel	We stayed at the Hard Rock 10/14/05 to 10/17/05. Admittedly, we'd rather be on the other side of the river but due to the limited hotel rooms available when we made our reservations, we decided to try the Hard Rock.Our 8:30 PM check in went smoothly, although it is a bit odd to have to navigate the patrons in the dark lobby turned lounge for the evening hours. Our room was on the 18th floor with a decent view down South Michigan Ave. Typical of a revamped metropolitan building, the rooms are a bit smaller than the typical hotel room but certainly not cramped or uncomfortable. The decor is a stark, cold, modern kind of look, which is aesthetically pleasing to tastes such as mine but really didn't end up being very practical.The bathroom fixtures are all made of chrome open rung type surfaces which ended up being a nuisance as everything from the soap in the soap dish to the towels under the sink continually fell through the bars. The desk &amp; chair are likewise very contemporary and great looking but not very ergonomically designed or geared for real use. My husband owns his own business and must stay in touch/do some work while traveling and found the setup very uncomfortable after a 1/2 hour or so. The internet service was awful at first but, after a call to the service company, they did get it straightened out by our second day. The bed was quite comfortable and the linens on the bed &amp; in the bathroom were some of the nicest we've had. Housekeeping was good although they failed to replenish hygiene items during our stay.The sound buffering in the hotel is abysmal. Although old buildings are unavoidably noisy due to their construction, it's even worse in this building due to the complete lack of buffering. You can actually see daylight for a 1/2 inch around the top &amp; sides of the room's door and there is almost two inches of space below. This serves as a megaphone for the already echoing sounds of every person stomping down the hall and every door slamming (some guests such as us seemed to catch on to this &amp; were exceptionally careful about generating noise but others were oblivious which created disturbances day and night).Having a late afternoon flight, we requested a late checkout which was cheerfully granted. The automatic checkout wasn't working on the day of our departure but a quick phone call to the desk was all that was required.Overall, this is a nice hotel but we probably wouldn't be back unless there were no other options. It's the opposite side of the river from most everything we like to do while in Chicago and the noise levels made for a less than restful weekend. However, if you are a deep sleeper, prefer staying in the Loop, and like a funky, contemporary environment, I would recommend the Hard Rock.	
Oct 3 2005	Worst Hotel Service Ever!	I stayed here for a weekend and couldn't believe how terrible the staff was. I had called earlier in the day before check-in to see if I could change my reservation from a king to a double bed. The front desk person, Tim, happily confirmed my change. Upon arrival, not only did they say I hadn't called, but they claimed that a Tim doesn't even work there! They went on to explain that my &quot;upgrade&quot; would cost me an EXTRA $200.00. After 20 minutes of the staff denying that a Tim works for them I finally got a manager on the phone to discuss the situation. She then finally admitted that a Tim does work for them, but, get this, THEY ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR HIM because he is new!!! I could not believe that they deny his existence and then tell me they aren't responsible. I felt like I was back in junior high. To have the MANAGER of a hotel as prestigous as the Hard Rock treat a customer like this is unbelievable. I will never stay at a Hard Rock again.	
Sep 19 2005	Rock on ...	This is a great hotel, in a great location, in a great city !!!There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part.The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea, I was happy enough with George staring back @ me!The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the &quot;Cheesecake Factory&quot; or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the &quot;John Hancock Centre&quot;.A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the &quot;Navy Pier&quot; - take a ride on the &quot;Seadog&quot; then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (&amp; city) is WELL worth checking out.	
Sep 4 2005	Was this really the Hard Rock Hotel?	My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city, choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad. We've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there. It's not that way here.These may be all ticky tacky things, but they added up to us.First of all, the room. We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with &quot;an Incredible view&quot;. Well, our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us. That was all we could see. So there was no view. The room was muggy. We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74. We woke up sweaty both days. When we opened the window to get a breeze, the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing.The room was small and dark, but it didn't bother us that much. The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in. And we even joked about stealing the pillows! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster, but they removed the charges no prob.Throughout the entire hotel, I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia. I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel, throw a Styx guitar on the wall, and slap a HRH emblem on the outside.The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation. The location is good, right on the south end of the mag mile, but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping, quality eats, and Navy Pier.If you have a car, parking will cost you $38/day, which is prob normal for downtown.The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant. The bar was small and trendy, and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they didn't have a blender. WHAAT???? A HRH without a blender? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town???? Mind blowing!I would never, never, never go back here. Like I said, there are many better hotels in much better locations. I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again.	
Aug 30 2005 	The Worst Hotel in Chicago!	Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me.When she go there at 6PM, the room wasn't ready, the phone didn't work, the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain, but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call, but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day, the told me the phone system was down.Ordered room service and got the wrong order...The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath...I would not recommend it to anyonePatrick	
Jul 6 2005	thanks for a great weekend hard rock!!!	just spent a wonderful weekend at the hard rock hotel on 6/17 to 6/19. my boyfriend treated me on a birthday getaway to chicago &amp; we decided to stay at the hard rock for the special occassion. what an awesome hotel!!! the hotel is hip, trendy and just simply COOL! as soon as we steped into the lobby, we knew that we made the right choice by picking the hard rock. we arrived early around 9:00am &amp; we were able to check into our room. we were so excited, we were able to drop off our luggage &amp; not have to worry about coming back at 3pm to check in. we stayed in a hard rock room, #1604, a spacious corner room. it was completely sexy looking with modern furnishings and was extremely clean. we had a view of the chicago river on one side &amp; lake michigan on the other side, the views were simply breathtaking, even from the bathroom! i did not feel that the room was dark at all, as noted in previous post, we had plenty of light. the bed was so comfortable, it made it quite difficult to get out of bed in the morning. i could just go on &amp; on about the room, but i'll let you see more in the pictures that i posted. while walking around the hotel, we were stopped by the &quot;vibe manager&quot; &amp; he asked if we had a few minutes to take a quick survey of the hotel. upon finishing the survey, he gave us 4 free drink coupons to use at the bar........what a nice treat, considering the prices of drinks at the bar. we had dinner one night the the hotels restaurant, china grill. great food &amp; great atmosphere, and the service was top notch. they asked if we were celebrating anything special, &amp; we mentioned that it was my b-day. when they brought out our dessert, they put sparkly candles in it, what a nice surprise!!! they really made us feel like rock stars!!!!!!! i highly recommend the hard rock hotel &amp; we would definitely stay here again. thanks hard rock for making my birthday weekend something i will never forget!!!	
Jul 6 2005	Better places to stay	I reserved this hotel 2 months ago and got a confirmation for a DOUBLE room. Since I was traveling with my brother, we definitely wanted 2 beds. We arrived early, before check-in, and was told that there were no clean DOUBLE rooms available. We said no problem, checked our bags and went site seeing. We arrived back at around 4:00 and our room was ready. We opened the door and saw a room with one king bed. After walking around all day and getting very hot/tired/exhausted, we had looked forward to showering and relaxing with some cold beverages. But we had to lug our suitcases back to the reservation desk and tell them they made a mistake with our room. The reservationist (don't remember her name) was very hard to understand and informed us that &quot;her system&quot; showed a reservation for a KING bed. I showed her the confirmation indicating a DOUBLE room and said that there were none available. But there were at an upgraded price. I said that if there were some available that they will be complimentory. She said she couldn't do it. I asked to see the manager and she said he's in a meeting. I asked to see ANY manager and she said they were all in the same meeting, but if I wanted to go back to the room she'd let me know when they were done. I said I'd wait. I waited probably a half an hour and she still said they were in a meeting. I walked to the concierge and explained our situation and she couldn't believe that the reservationist wasn't doing more. SHe said she'd get the manager out of the meeting and left. SHe came back 5 minutes later with the manager. Guess what? It was the same guy that told us there were no &quot;DOUBLE ROOMS&quot; clean. He must have been the one to type into the system a King bed. I told him I can't wait to write this up on Tripadvisor and he proceeded to hand me his business card and said, &quot;remember to tell the whole story&quot; meaing he took care of the problem. This guy was acting like he was some kind of hero when he messed up to begin with. No apology, no nothing. THe room was just as small as the first one so I don't know why this would have cost more. The view was worse. I think the person checking you in should have the authority to make the situation right. I wasn't looking for any freebies. I just wanted the room that I reserved. The maid service was pretty bad too. We had drank some beers and placed all of the emptys into the case that the beers came in. PLaced the case right next to the trash can. Basically cleaned the room up before leaving for the day. (also left a nice tip). When we returned later that day, the case with the empties was never removed. They didn't replenish the shampoos/soaps/conditioners.Then there's the mini-bar. We had leftovers from lunch so we moved things around in the mini-bar so we could put the container of leftovers in there. When I got the bill, there was a $68 charge for the mini-bar! I guess if you move things, it electronically charges you. (the small print on the mini-bar states that but you'd have to get on the floor to notice it). I had to tell them about it at check out and she stated that &quot;we tell our guests about it at check in&quot;. That was never comminicated to us. They took it off the bill without a problem. Other guests had the same problem. They should disable this &quot;modern technology&quot;.The place was too dark. I like ambiance, but I also like to see what I'm doing. On the positive side, the beds were comforatable and the pillows were great. The air didn't seem to cool very well though.I've stayed in Chicago's magnificent mile 4 times and never had a problem with any of the chain hotels. I will choose one of those next year and will never stay at the Hard rock hotel again.NOTE TO MANAGER: did you ever hear the phrase, &quot;the customer's always right&quot; ? You could have done some gesture to show some good will instead of acting like you did me a favor by fixing YOUR screw up.	
Jul 1 2005 	Pretty cool good location interesting model...	I agree with the previous reviewer, the Hard Rock Chicago isn't perfect. However, I stay very frequently at the typical corporate hotels (Marriott, Hyatt, etc) and the Hard Rock is a refreshing change of pace. Its funky, fun, different and a bit offbeat. First, note the hotel is really a Sol Melia hotel branded as Hard Rock. The branding works - but its a Sol Melia hotel with HRC service style featured. Reminds me of most European style (including warm rooms on hot summer days). The Lobby and Bar area are cool and it sports an Asian inspired restaurant that is very pricy but with a very interesting menu - many selections are available via room service. The location is excellent - right on Michigan Avenue and quick access to the Magnificent Mile. A Starbucks is at the end of the block if you are so inclined. For the price, they should have turn down service - although the morning paper was silently delivered by 5 am. The Fitness Center looks good, but has not been well maintained - and I suspect will continue to decline. Overall, if you are looking for something with a Maginficent Mile adress that is different and fun - this is a good, comfortable (the beds are super, giant bath towels and quality bath amenities) place.	
Jun 30 2005 	the Hard Rock ROCKS!	DON'T believe anything bad you may hear about this hotel!!! We travel quite a bit and this hotel was absolutely fabulous. The lobby is sexy, chic and trendy. It offers a nice bar that is open until 5 am! The staff go out of their way to make sure that you have everything you need. (In fact, on the second day we got a call from the &quot;anything you want&quot; line asking if we needed anything.) The rooms are really modern and have great decor. Beds are nice and comfy, with fluffy pillows and covers.Some great perks:-Each room has a disc changer and dvd player, and the concierge has a ton of great CD's that you can borrow for free. -The location could not be better! We happened to go during a Taste of Chicago which was a three minute walk. And there is a restaurant called Giordano's a block away that has the best stuffed pizza i have ever tasted.-Even though the regular rooms are great, we decided to upgrade to a suite after the second day. For $100 more a night, we got a FANTASTIC room on the 33rd floor with the most beautiful view of the city you could ever imagine! We had such a wonderful experience at this Hotel that i HAD to write this review for them. Thank you so much for making our trip so memorable.-NicoleDallas, Texas	
Jun 27 2005 	Not impressed	We stayed here during NeoCon (June 12-15) and had 5 rooms for our group. The A/C sucked to put it bluntly. My room said it was 67 (but it was probably 75) and I had it set on 58 the entire trip. I asked to have it checked and there was no improvement. I got NO additional toiletries in 3 nights. The final morning I had to call down for shampoo because while I travel with my own conditioner, I had more than used up the ONE bottle I was given.I left a note asking the maid to leave the iron out (it was put up each day), to replace a lightbulb (never done) and to leave the shampoo. Maybe she didn't read English but given the notes were left in 3 locations, you would have thought she could have asked someone.The lobby/bar was freezing (which just served to make me more angry regarding the room temperature). The workout facility seemed nice (quite dark) but one didn't work, one other didn't have a good headphone set-up (you had to hold in the plug to get sound) and the 3rd was the only real option if you wanted both headphones and a working treadmill. It was as if maintenance didn't exist at the hotel in my opinion.I will say the bed was very comfortable and I liked the decor. The service was a turn-off tho.	
Jun 23 2005	Hard Rock hard to beat!	We stayed at the HRHC June 16-18, 2005. We had a 'Tower' Room on the 31st floor. The view was UNBELIEVABLE! Great architecture and the channel of water during the day; awesome light show at night (the buildings are lit and some even change color!)The room itself was awesome, as well: spacious, modern, and cool artwork! (We lucked out to have Paul Stanley (KISS) and David Bowe mirrored artwork in the room--2 of my husband's fave musicians!) My husband still compliments the king-size bed and how COMFY it was! We slept so well while there--THANK YOU HRH for a nice end to our vacation!The only odd thing in the room was the bathroom-- well the configuration of the door. When the door was opened it met the vanity counter and you'd then have to close it to get to the commode. Not a big problem, but there was also a fluffy cotton rug on the floor and you had to move it out of the way to close the door and it was just an inconvenience. The shower stall was HUGE(which was wonderful after traveling by Amtrak and dealing w/ the 'porta-shower' they have!), 2 adults have plenty of room and then some.The bath towels were huge--bath sheets--and they offered a nice assortment of soap, lotion, etc. They even have fresh orchids in the bathroom and bedside and they light a candle in the bathroom for you in the evening (at which time they also lay out a robe and slippers--meant only for room use, but can be purchased to take home...)I CANNOT believe the couple of bad reviews I read on TA! The staff is SO ACCOMMODATING: haled us cabs, quickly wiped up a spilled drink while in the front bar area, and even held our luggage after check-out so we could enjoy one last romp thru town before heading to the airport. We definitely recommend this hotel--ENJOY your time as a 'Rock Star'!	
Jun 14 2005 	Great Location but very dark	The Hard Rock is situated on Mich Avenue - within walking distance to shopping, restaurants, the parks and the museum. The hotel staff is friendly - concierge is very helpful (christopher was great). DRAWBACKS: hotel is dark (poor lighting), minimal decor, no room for suitcases or to unpack (they offer two tiny drawers) and the hotel is stingy with bathroom/in-room amenities. All in all it was a enjoyable stay - but did not meet expectations for $320/night!	
Jun 7 2005 	A trendy and comfortable hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Hard Rock in January and March 2005. I was impressed by the friendly and knowledgable staff and the hotel location. On both occaions I stayed in a deluxe room, which is quite large and has everything I needed to make my stay both productive and comfortable. On my first trip I had a few problems with Internet access, which their helpdesk resolved immediately. On the second trip I had a slight delay checking in (15 mins or so) and they offered me a different room with a wonderful view of N.Mighigan Ave and the river. The rooms are slightly dark in the evenings, as the lighting is ambient. This is not such an issue during the day, as there is plenty of natural light from several windows. The bar downstairs is always busy and has a lively atmosphere. One of the other reviews mentioned noise and I must say that I didn't notice any noise during either of my visits. The furnishing in the rooms gives a great contemporary feel, and the guitars and clothes of various rock stars on each floor is a nice touch. I would recommend this hotel and will certainly stay there again when I visit.	
May 3 2005 	Great hotel for the Young and Trendy	Want to have fun? Want to stay in a Trendy Place? Want a great service?Then, this is your place. I have stayed in several Chicago Locations, House of Blues, Double Tree, Marriot, but at Hard Rock is where the action is.The Base is a great bar, it get real busy with very nice people. The Manager (James) is a great dude.Great location, splendid hotel, great staff, lot of action.	
Apr 19 2005	A few things to consider before staying here	I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hard Rock. Check in was easy but the parking was a little confusing. The Valet parking is in the side on South Water but the directions take you to Michigan Ave. We finally figured it out after circling around the block (which is not easy to do in Chicago). The rate is $38.00 per day. WOW but I parked my car for the duration and walked. The location is great but it was the street noise was unbeliveable and we were on the 17th floor. Especially on Monday when the offices opened up! We were rattled out of our beds at 6:30 a.m. by the incredible sounds of traffic. We just couldn't believe it. The previous reviews we read about how dark the hotel was are absolutely true. We couldn't even find enough light to put on make-up! The first room we were in was the basic deluxe room. It was so small and dark I asked for an upgrade and moved to a Hard Rock room for an extra $50 per night. Well worth the cost as the rooms are in the corners so we had tons of windows and natural light. We ate at the China Grill on Friday night and it was Fabulous. I would highly recommend this restaurant. The only complaint was the noise (again). We had four girls and we had to practically yell acrossed the table to talk. Not a place for a romantic dinner. Our bill was $150 for 4 people with no drinks. The staff at the Hard Rock was great. Always willing to help out. I will stay here again in the future!	
Apr 17 2005	Great Hotel in a Great City to get around!	We planned our last trip to Chicago around the famed &quot;Taste of Chicago&quot; and the 4th of July celebration. The Hard Rock Hotel, on Michigan Avenue, was a welcome, comfortable place to be with kids traveling away from home. The adults were happy with the facility (big spacious rooms, great sized bathrooms for moving our team around, even umbrellas at the front desk when the rain hit and a very courteous and knowledgeable staff for our miriad of questions. The kids loved the views of city life, decorations, food and how quickly we got to our various adventures.) Ease of access to &quot;The Taste&quot;, shopping, night spots and all things downtown made for a delightful experience over the week before and after 4th of July. Commuting to the rest of the city was within a few blocks of any train line or short bus trip. We look forward to our next trips during the holiday travel and a definite stop for next summer in Chicago!	
Apr 15 2005	going downhill raplidy	we first stayed in the hard rock march 04 and was very impressed. we really enjoyed our stay. when we decided to go back to chicago with our friends this year, we booked the hard rock hotel again. this time was a different story. the room really needed a lick of paint and hardly any water came out of the shower. on our second day, we discovered there was ants everywhere in the room. we asked to be moved and we were, no apology given or no upgrade for the inconvenience. our second room , the shower did not work and again was in bad need of a piant. room service is very slow, ordered breakfast and was waiting 50 minutes for it to be delivered. will definately go to chicago again, but will not stay in the hard rock	
Apr 11 2005	Hard Rock Hotel Chicago A Great Place to Stay!	We have stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago several times and it is a great place. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The building and the rooms are immaculate and beautifully furnished. It is located right where you want to be and I would recommend this hotel to all business and vacation travellers!	
Apr 10 2005	Great	I stayed in one of the tower suites this past January. What a wonderful treat it was. The suite has 270 degree views looking up and down Michigan Avenue with views of Millenium Park, the river and Lake Michigan. All of the amenities are first-class and well thought out. The decor, while having a rock'n roll/hip element, are contempory and very comfortable. The service is excellent.	
Apr 8 2005	chicago's desperado destination	I recently arrived to the BOLD new michigan avenue hotel destination (namely hard rock hotel); and found the experience immediately hip, atmospherically relaxing with simple undertones of elegance, a mindful valet &amp; baggage handler, desk staff aimed to pleased, a vastly knowledgable concierge, rooms that environmentally shifted your mindset from work to pleasure, and a bar/restaurant with healthy and edging cuisine choices ... all in all ... your stay will play as a favorite song! I highly recommend this hotel and experience.Respectfully,MJS	
Apr 7 2005	Power Spot	I recently visited the Hard Rock Chicago for the first time. I was with a group of 6 middle aged (fun loving) women and we were treated like royalty from the moment we were welcomed by the door staff until the concierge walked us to our car 2 days later. The place is hot, fun and happening - it is palpable when you enter the lobby. Lot's of locals in the lobby bar, great location on Miracle Mile, outstanding restaurant on premesis, staff that is friendly, funny, and determined to assist you in any way they can. Our room was compact, but larger rooms are available. The bathrooms are fun! We loved it so much that we are going back next month when we see U2 - should be a blast. Extra plus - without a doubt the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept on in a long time.	
Apr 7 2005	Loved the Hard Rock Hotel	This hotel is a vacation in itself with the views, very cool and modern rooms, and a bar right in the lobby. But, if you can manage to leave the hotel, it's close to everything!	
Apr 7 2005	Fabulous Hotel!	We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense, day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool, and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable, with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room, it is still comfortable and homey.The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend.	
Apr 7 2005	Hell of a Hard Rock	I have stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, IL recently and have been thrilled with the product &amp; service. The rooms have all the amenities including a full stereo, flat screen TV, great bed, and better towels. The staff is great and the base bar is even better. Its a hot local scene with a good mix of clients.	
Apr 2 2005	Great Room	I stayed ther a couple of weeks ago &amp; had a &quot;Hard Rock&quot; room. Very nice room, good size, great bed, great electronics (cd/dvd player, flat screen tv.) Kind of pricey, but I really liked the room. Staff was great. Bar scene was cool. Room service breakfast was outrageously priced for average food (find any other place in the city) Overall a very nice hotel.	
Mar 17 2005 	Great value and great electronics	Okay, so the rooms are very modern. What was important to me was that the mattress is outstanding and so is the TV and stereo system. This is the place for audiophiles! It is probably a little too sleek and trendy for some -- it is the &quot;Hard Rock&quot; afterall. Service is outstanding. Room service would bring me anything reasonable that I wanted cooked. They have a steak salad that is delicious. I've stayed in a number of different rooms and one week that I stayed here, I ended up being stuck in the room sick -- the hotel staff brought me stuff from the drug store and called to check how I was doing. How can anyone say that it isn't a warm place? It's the people who make a place warm and welcoming.Moreover, I travel to Chicago a lot and this is one of the best hotels around for comfort, service and value. The rooms may not be to some people's taste in terms of decor, but it isn't suppose to be your home -- only a place to sleep at night. I like the fans in the rooms because they can be used to drown out outside noise or you can turn them off, if you find them annoying. I think this is a wonderful hotel and if you don't like the grey, order some nice colorful flowers to compensate!	
Mar 17 2005	Confused useless staff	My then fiance and I stayed at the Hard Rock a few days before we took off to our wedding location. We had spent the day at Six Flags in Gurnee and arrived frazzled and exhausted. The snotty staff checked us in and we were up to our room. I stuck the key in the door and it opened, but was bolted with the chain lock - there was someone in the room! We went back to the front desk and got another key. The room was nice and very comfortable, but very very small. So small that it is hard to close the bathroom door without standing in the bathtub! Mini bar prices were rediculous as were the room service charges. Parking was rediculous - 35 a day and you cannot access it without a valet. The second day we returned to find that our room key didnt work anymore - again, went to the desk and got a new key. All in all, it looks like a lovely hotel, wonderfuly comfortable beds and nicely decorated - just a bit overpriced, full of yuppies, and has a terrible staff.	
Mar 6 2005	Worst hotel ever! Don't Valet Park!!!! They will rob you!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at! They had horrible service from the time we got there to the time we left. We stayed New Year's Eve and New Year's Day and were robbed by the valet service before we left!! The shower sounded like the pipes were going to explode and had no hot water. We asked about leaving my truck in valet until after we got back from the Bears game on Jan. 2nd and the girl at the front desk told us they would even get my truck so that we could put our luggage in it after we checked out and put it in a secure lot until we got back. When we got back, they pulled the truck up with a hole in the passenger window and several thousand dollars worth of items missing! Then they told me that someone was TOO LAZY to put the truck in a secure lot!!! They knew the items were in the truck because they helped load it!!! After that, the hotel staff proceeded to tell us everything would be taken care of......! They waited till we left and when I called them to get things straigtened out, they blamed the Valet service and said they could not do anything about it! Not only that, the valet service refused to pay us for any of our items! DO NOT STAY HERE!! DO NOT USE THE VALET SERVICE!!	
Feb 24 2005	Welcome To Hell	The room was really bad. The Bathroom had wallpaper with guys on it. I don't know about the rest of you, but I don't want to have a picture of a guy in the same room when I'm using the bathroom. The air vent made noise all night long. Room service took forever!!!! It was 35 bucks a day just to have the car in a parking garage that you can't go in if you forgot something in it. Above the bed and in the bathroom there was what my girlfriend thought where sprinklers. I understand sprinklers in the main room but Not in the Bathroom!!!!	
Feb 21 2005	Cold!!!!	You could not pay me to stay at this hotel again. The Hard Rock Hotel is not very warm or welcoming. After staying here I have come to hate the color Gray!!	
Feb 19 2005	Cancelled before I got to the front door	I cancelled my reservation because each time I got someone on the phone with additional questions I struggled to communicate with them. I was an obvious interruption and they were doing everything they could to get me off the phone. &quot;how can I rock your world today&quot; became an IRRITATING cliche with nothing behind it but borderline rudeness. Go to the Comfort Inn on Ohio for 1/2 the price - excellent. When you stay in Chicago you are looking for a safe pleasant place to sleep. The rest of the time you will be anywhere but your motel room.	
Jan 24 2005	Stay at House of Blues Instead!	I would definately not recommend this hotel. We came down for a special occasion and so they told us they upgraded our room. It was still incredible small! I could not tell what made it an upgrade. (They told me I had two windows instead of one and 100 more sq. ft.). I feel bad for people who pay good money for a standard room. All night long there was a pounding noise and when I went to the front desk to tell them we did not get any sleep and where not happy with our stay, all they did was tell us to fill out a survey. They could care less if you are happy with your stay. The maid came to our door at 9am and wanted to know when we were checking out. How rude! The bar is not at all happening like you would expect from a Rock and Roll Hotel. The only plus are the beds. They are very comfortable. We usually stay at the House of Blues and thought we would try some place different. What a mistake. The House of Blues blows this place away in every way!	
Jan 6 2005	Happy New Year 2005 - Guided By Voices	We stayed at the Hard Rock 12/30/04-1/3/05. Had a great stay. Only problem was the room was small (limited closet space) and the shower leaked water on the bathroom floor and onto the carpeted room each time we showered. The China Grill bar &amp; restaurant was good. Conciere recommended pizza delivery was good. Location and bellstand service was outstanding.	
Jan 3 2005	An Excellent Place to Stay in Chicago!	I was nervous about our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel after reading the posts, but we had a wonderful stay at the Hard Rock, and I definitely would stay there again. We arrived on Jan. 1st with our 8 and 10 year old sons; the night at Hard Rock was my younger son's birthday present. I was afraid the place would be full of partyers left over from New Year's Eve, but the place, thankfully, was clean, calm, and quiet. EVERY employee, from valet to registration to the concierge to the store to housekeeping, greeted us and bent over backwards to please us. My son is a big Kiss fan, and the concierge slipped a note under our door while we were at dinner to inform us which floor of the hotel had the Kiss memorabilia. The Hard Rock is in an ideal location within walking distance to State Street, theaters, and MagMile shopping. We ate at Italian Village on Monroe, West Egg on Ontario?, and shopped at Water Tower Place, without the need of a cab. As far as the person complaining about the rate during the Chicago Marathon, all of the hotels hike up the rates for that weekend (and as a Chicago Marathon runner myself, I know to expect that!) The shower was hot and the towels HUGE. The beds were really comfy. We even had a bit of a view of the Chicago River from our 18th floor room.	
Jan 2 2005	Average	Very nice renovation of Carbide and Carbon Building. Rooms are tastefully decorated and the building is well-kept. Service, however, seemed to be hit-or-miss. The doormen were pretty lousy, always seemed preoccupied or too busy having fun and carrying on with other employees. Also, a very, very mixed clientele. Everything from well-heeled 40 year old couples to shady looking young folks.	
Nov 20 2004	Not Worth The Money	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel during for the Chicago Marathon. I am sure they took complete advantage of that based on the outrageous prices they charged for that weekend. $289 a night plus $50 in taxes.The hotel lobby was gothic looking and if the mortuary feel is what you are looking for then this is the place for you.If you want a great place to stay close to the &quot;Golden Mile&quot; stay at the Talbott Hotel......it's the best kept secret in Chicago.	
Nov 18 2004	Hot water is important!	My husband and I stayed here on the 36th floor. We consistently had problems with hot water in the shower. We had to run the water for a good ten minutes, and then got very little water pressure, and lukewarm water, at best, to take a shower. We also had issues with room service. We ordered a pot of coffee, which took 30 minutes to arrive, at which point the coffee was tepid. When we called to complain and request another pot of coffee, it never arrived at all. Also, the minibar had no water bottles, and none were provided at turn-down, either. The hotel has a great location, and the rooms and lobby are nicely designed (yet with a somewhat cold, minimalist vibe). There are many other better options in this great city.	
Nov 4 2004	Great place - great location!	I stayed at the Hard Rock last week (the first week of Nov. 2004). I checked in early, which was no problem as I think I had the entire floor to myself! The room itself was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was decent, not good enough lighting and the tub seemed a little dirty. The location can't be beat - I was taking a class about a half mile away and walked each day. I shopped on the Magnificent Mile and down State Street - all within walking distance. The art museum, Milennium Park, and tons of fabulous restaurants are all within a 20 minute walk or short cab ride.Service was good - the concierge recommended the BEST Chicago-style pizza I have ever had. I had room service one night and thought it was reasonably priced and very tasty. Their restaurant had just opened but I declined to try it after seeing the limited menu selections and high prices (about $30 per entree). I never got to the bar but I did enjoy the business center as I didn't have a laptop.Would I stay here again? Definitely. As long as I could get a good rate. This hotel may be worth $125 - $150 a night but certainly not $200 - $300!!	
Oct 29 2004	Just okay	Very contemporary and trendy place, but it was expensive and didn't have many amenities. The breakfast buffet was $ 22.00 per person and the drinks at the bar were $ 10.00 each. We were disappointed that there wasn't any pool or hot tub. At night, the lobby turns into a night club full of rich people who drive sports cars. I guess they are the only ones who can afford the drinks. The room was entirely gray...gray walls, gray bedspread, gray tv. But, everything was clean and the employees were nice. Also, the location was great.	
Oct 19 2004	Wow!	What a great hotel. Everything worked as should. A constant party atmosphere. Sheer pleasure. Simply the best. Bravo!	
Oct 18 2004	Hard Rock Made grat impression!	We were in Chicago for the weekend with no reservations because we were sure if we were going to stay. We went to the Hard Rock and paid for 1 night. After the front desk took a long time because we didnt have a reservation before. We were on our way to our standard 2 bed room. 10 minutes later a man came to our door telling us that we were being moved to a Hard Rock room because of the wait downstairs. This room was about 5 times bigger than the first room and we got it for 2 nights at the standard room rate. Very nice! The lounge was very nice, upscale and the music is always great at hard Rock. Parking was right across the street if people took the time to look and the staff was on top of things the whole time. Our room seemed a little warm when we checked in, we called for someone to come look at it and someone was at our room within 10 minutes changing the air filter to make it more comdortable. We will definately stay at Hard Rock again when we come back to Chicago!	
Oct 18 2004	Don't waste your money!	We requested early check-in (regular check-in is at 3:00pm), got there at 2:30pm and had to wait an hour and a half to get a room. They wouldn't even notify us when our room was ready, I had to stand in line every half hour and inquire about my room.Room was pretty clean but the decor is cheap and tacky. When checking in we were told the continental breakfast was free, but the hot breakfast was not. I had eggs and coffee, my wife had a bagel and coffee. We were charged $14 for hot breakfast and $10 for continental. I complained to manager at checkout and he said &quot;I find it hard to believe that you were told the continental breakfast was free.&quot; I asked if he found it easier to believe that I was lying...he then said &quot;you consumed the breakfast, you have to pay for the breakfast.&quot; To avoid a fight I just paid, but will never stay there again. The Sheraton and the Marriott cost about the same, but are much classier hotels.	
Oct 4 2004	Hard Rock Chicago Really Rocks!	What a place this is! My wife and I stayed there for Valentine's Day last year and had a wonferful time. The rooms are nicely decorated and the beds are very comfortable. The hotel provides a bathrobe to slip into &amp; unwind after a long day of fun in the Windy City! The flat panel tv is a plus, right along w/ the DVD player and the surround system in the room. Loved the lighting in the room because you can keep it dark &amp; romantic or just turn on the lights for some reading. The lobby itself was a fun place for the ambiance &amp; music. Very modern hotel, within a landmark building. Great Michigan Avenue location, close to shopping, dining, theaters, river tours and about 5 minutes away from Navy Pier. Really consider this place next time you stay in Chicago.	
Oct 4 2004	Loved this hotel!	We loved this hotel ! Best room I have ever stayed at ! The rooms were the best ! The room service is done twice a day with new towels being brought each time and the beds being turned down each night with hard rock robes waiting for you! Very comfortable bed and feather pillows. I could not have asked for a better hotel. We were welcomed back everytime by the staff! Great Location - I give this hotel an A+ !	
Sep 22 2004	Loved the Hard Rock!	I loved the Hard Rock! Other reviewers indicated that the service was horrible and snotty; that the rooms were dark and dirty; and that they did not like the hotel. However, my husband and I had a completely opposite experience on both of our stays at the hotel. We found the service to be professional and the rooms were clean and trendy. We try to only stay at boutique/trendy hotels during our travels and enjoyed the Hard Rock so much during our first stay that we booked another room three weeks later. The Base Bar is a hip place to hang out and have a drink, and the hotel's location cannot be beat! This is a hotel I would definitly reocmmend. Also, the bed is amazing and the bathrooms with the glass-enclosed showers are great! My only complaint is that I wish the bath products were a little more high-end, but the sea salt soap was nice. Finally, I really liked the availability of 24-hour room service.	
Aug 10 2004	Dark and boring	The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago does not meet up to its sister properties throught the US. Their is no parking available, only a valet who is not accesible due to traffic and congestion. It is so dark when you enter the lobby- it immediately depresses you. The Base Bar is tiny, absolutely no room to have a crowd, drinks are overpriced.The best thing about the hotel is the bed!Bed and bedding are perfect, most comfortable bed ever! The staff is not friendly and imitates that they are better than the rest of the crowd-very &quot;Hollywoodish&quot;! If that is such a thing-Their seemed to be a constant party on our floor and kept us up all night long-security was called twice and then we gave up. I am up for partying anytime, but sometimes you need to have respect for where you are! I would not stay here again and would not recommend it either!	
Aug 5 2004	eXCELLENT SURPRISE	When a client conference was announced to be held at the Hard Rock, I was dubious. I was very happily surprised, from the moment of my arrival, that service and facilities were excellent. Warm and professional, the staff was outgoing and knowledgable. Quality training showed in everything from meeting management to room service and bar staff. I would definitely stay again and even seek it out.	
Aug 3 2004	The Hard Rock Tested My Mettle	I have stayed in the Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel and absolutely loved it. However, the Second City version is definitely second rate. For starters, the dark furniture and chrome fixtures are depressing. Plus, why would you have Kiss serve as an icon for the Chicago hotel? What about some area musicians?In addition to the dour surroundings, I found the service to be very subpar here. I waited by the bar for ten minutes until the barkeeps finished their personal conversation and were FINALLY able to serve me an overpriced and poorly mixed drink! They touted the fact that the bar was open until 3am...probably hoping that people would be drunk enough to overlook the service.In the rather untidy room, the Hard Rock advertised that you could get free DVD's and watch a flick in the nice Sony DVD player. However, when we called, we were told that this service was not unavailable. Why did they still have the in-room information playing up the perk???I woke up to find a rather menacing looking spider in the shower. Does this go with the &quot;Kiss&quot; theme or is this another way that they are trying to &quot;rock our world?&quot; ( the rather annoying catchphrase uttered by all the desk personnel!)All in all, the Hard Rock was overpriced, overhyped with lackluster service and dark and depressing surroundings. The location is great but the wonderful &quot;Monaco&quot; hotel is just around the corner!	
Jul 19 2004	Will stay here again	Stayed here one night with a group of 10 for bachelor party night out on the town. Could not have been happier with our choice of hotel. The location was excellent, the place was very clean and the rooms were suprisingly bigger than what I thought they would be. Overall, the staff was friendly and professional, although the wait for our car from parking did take at least 15 minutes. And $35 for parking with in/out privileges is a pretty good deal if your driving all the way downtown. Word of advice if you are driving, use Wacker instead of Michigan.The hotel filled all my expectations and earned some repeat business.	
Jul 19 2004	Front Desk Staff is Rude	My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn’t until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn’t ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub.	
Jul 13 2004	Hidden Fees	I thought everything was wonderful! The staff was great, they all knew my name. The room was great, I recomend getting the Hard Rock room. The room service was way cheaper than I would expect to pay at a hotel like this. All was great until I got the bill in the morning and realized I had to pay for parking!! They had even told me it was included, I guess they ment included in your final bill!! So I recomend finding parking on the street and risk getting a ticket. It will be cheaper than parking!	
Jul 13 2004	behind the velvet ropes	Me and my Dad went up to the city for a weekend. I had bought him tickets to see the Blue Men Group. ( which is an excellent show by the way). I think we payed 149.00 a night for two night, and what we got was a 149.00 i night hotel and service. Not a deal and not a rip off. I'll start with the so so and finish with the amazing. The rooms were a bit small, but not bad for two people. Four people would have been pushing it. The service was very good, but some of the people did have a bit of an attude( must be a chicago thing) The base bar is a cool place to have A!! drink at 7.00 per pop there are much cooler places to go in the city. Now the amazing. The decor the decor the decor. Very cool and very sleek. The rooms come with a free compulation CD and a great &quot;hotel&quot; Sound system. Something I think alot of hotels overlook. The most amazing part of the Hard rock is the Concierge. This guy is CONNECTED!!!. Ask for Christphor!!!! Me and my father wanted to one of the hottest night clubs in the city so we ask him about it. He dircetd us to the Funky Budda Room. When we got there, there were two lines. One for the people on the list which was an hour line, and one four the people not on the list which was an 2 hour line. Before we had left hard rock we Chis had given us his card and written some thing on it. He told us to give this to the door man and it would get us in faster. So my dad got into the list line and we waited there for a while then I though I would talk to the door man and see if the card would get us in any faster. When I should the door man the card and told him who I was staying at the hard rock. He aploygied personal to me and my father for making us wait did not make us pay the 20.00 each cover and best of all declind when we insisted on tipping him for getting us in so fast. The night before we wanted to go to a blues bar. Me and my dad figued we would just go with one of those mainstreem advertised ones, but when we ran this past chris he nearly rolled over in his grave and quickly followed up with discouted pass to some local place, which was again amazing. I could give more examples but I only have so much time. All in all, this place is worth staying at once, but with so many amazing hotels in this city I never stay at the same place twice. If you like this hotel try out hotel 71 on wacker great place as well.	
Jul 8 2004	Rock On!	We loved our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago! Great location, beautiful and fun decor (especially loved having Sting in our bathroom!), very friendly staff from the valet parking guys who whisked our bags out of the car for us, to the front desk staff, to the security staff who greeted us in the foyer, to the housekeepers, to the room service folks, ... The bartenders were somewhat aloof, but that's okay-- I don't like to be hovered over. Everything was impeccably clean, and the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in! Other reviewers have complained about the lack of view, but hey, step outside and get all the view you want. Drinks at the bar were pricey, but that seems par for the course for a big city hotel bar. We're already talking about spending our vacation there next year!	
May 29 2004	Cool Hotel		
May 3 2004	sleek decor but need to work out the kinks		
Mar 22 2004	Some things to keep in mind....		
Mar 22 2004	cool.		
Mar 22 2004	Good hotel		
Mar 18 2004	people great but....		
Mar 8 2004	service is terrific		
Feb 27 2004	Great room breakfast need to expand room service...		
Feb 15 2004	Great Room Miserable Service		
Feb 3 2004	Hard Rock Rocked Our World		
Oct 8 2009 	Hard Rock- cosa vuoi di piu'?		
Sep 22 2009 	?????		
Apr 18 2009 	Me encanto el hard rock hotel		
Dec 14 2008 	Simplemente magnífico		
