Nov 24 2009 	A great deal on a great place	I had a huge surprise walking into our room on this hotel. I haved stayed at Comfort Inns before and they always prove to be clean, and nice and always a good deal for the money however this time I was completely shocked by how nice the lobby, hallways, room and bathroom was. To top off our stay, the complimentary breakfast was extremely tasty and the front desk clerks met every need we had with a smile. I had the pleasure of speaking to the one of the managers over the phone and she likewise did everything possible to make our stay perfect. To finish off, the parking at this hotel is almost half of all other parking in the downtown area and is convient to the hotel. The hotel is a close walk to Michigan Ave. and to lots of great restaurants. So, if you are looking for a great deal is an expensive city, give the Comfort inn hotel and suites a try and ask for a king room at the end of the hallway. That is where we stayed and the room was large and perfect!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Just what we needed for a short break	Room very comfortable (esp. after long flight). Reception staff most helpful to 2 strangers to Chicago, and breakfast bar excellent. Easy walking distance or public transport to everywhere we wanted to go.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good bargain	For the price I paid it was an excellent stay -- 3 nights in Chicago. The room was a good size, the check-in staff was courteous and very nice, but the check-out staff was rude and unfriendly. Parking with in and out privileges were $25/night which is unheard of in the city. Definitely will come back again.	
Oct 8 2009 	nice hotel rude check out agent	very nice hotel located in a very nice spot in downtown chicago.enjoyed the stay, smaller rooms but clean and with a european feel to it.breakfast was good. No wifi at rooms only in the 1st and 2nd floors, where the dining room is. and beware of the check out agent S., she might try to rip you off by charging you $10, just because you chekced out 25 min late! she won't even notify you! read your receipt carefully before signing!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Good Value Great Location	Stayed three nights - friends also stayed three nights in another room. Parking was easy - right next door with in/out privileges and unlike the other reviewer there is no trouble returning th carr transponder when you check out. Check-in went smoothly as did check-out. Breakfast was included and that makes it a very good deal. Rooms are small but modern and well equipped. Many of the other guests were European (that's a good thing - giving a cosmopolitan atmosphere) The location is great as you can walk to all the downtown tourist sites. I would go back provided we get the same rate of about $130/night.	
Sep 28 2009 	rip off on a good location	Good location, but the parking prices are ridiculous and don't try to ask for favors on late check-out they steal another $20 for that and damn you if you don't get the car transponder back to them - another $75 threat. you pay for the day but you better get out of that garage before 12... after almost a week of staying there one would expect they would offer some niceties like an easy late checkout or some extended parking - wrong guess.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good location so-so hotel	Stayed here for four nights when visiting Chicago. The hotel is located just 10-15 minutes walking from the loop, and you can walk anywhere in downtown if your up for it. In the area around the hotel there are lots of good restaurants.We booked a queen room, the room is small and crampy. It is sort of long and not very wide, and then cramped with furniture making it kind of an annoyance when you have to move your suitcases all the time to pass through the room. For a longer stay, i think i would go crazy with annoyance. The free breakfast was good and very standard, including a waffle bar which is nice. All in all the hotel offered a great value for money, we payed about half of other hotels in the same area. But it comes for a price, the rooms are small and you do have to walk 10-15 minutes for the attractions.	
Sep 11 2009 	Would not go back.	First of all, if all you are looking for is location and a parking/internet bargin, I would suggest this hotel. Otherwise, forget it. I had a single queen room and it was tiny. There was barely any space to sit, except for the bed and at the tiny desk for a computer. The internet access is free-but it's hardwired and very slow. I tested the connection and it's capable of higher speeds, but they limit the speeds to a crawl. Not worth the hassle, even for free. There is not a fridge or microwave. The customer service is horrible. They forgot to clean my room and then admonished me when I asked for towels, tissues, etc when I returned to the hotel at midnight. I wasn't told upon arrival that it's good to unload before parking in the lot, so I assumed that the lot was connected to the hotel. I wound up dragging my luggage around the block, in front of the Pizzaria Uno and into the street (due to construction) in order to get into the hotel. And honestly, out of any dozens of hotels I've ever stayed at, this bed was the most uncomfortable. It was incredibly hard and the pillows were flat. My husband and I left with sore bodies and necks (and exhaustion from being unable to sleep) for two days. I just cannot recommend this hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great experience	The rooms were clean but the bedspread was not the prettiest. Just cosmetics though -- form follows function and this room functioned. I had room 701 and it was a good location --the window faced ohio street and there was just one room caddy corner to us noise level was very low -- even street noise. The bathoom was spick and span. Shiney tiles lined the shower wall and ceramic tile on the floor. Granite counter top/sink area. Bed was very comfortable and had a thin blanket in betwen the sheets ('cause I kick the comforter off anywhere I go - too risky). The sheets were white and clean. The pillows (5 of them) were downy soft and fluffy! I did not find the room to be too small. The hall did smell of smoke... but I didn't spend much time there and it did not effect the room. I am very antismoke and if the roomed smelled it would have been a BIG problem. It did not.Breakfast was included each morning (until 11am on weekends and 9:30 during the week). Cups, plates, bowls, and utensils were disposable. I would recommend bringing your coffee cup or glass from the room (near the ice bucket) down to breakfast to cut down on waste. Items: Cereal, yogurt, bagels, croissants, muffins, english muffins, danishes, instant hot chocolate/oatmeal, waffle maker, hard boiled eggs, cranberry/apple/orange juices, milk, apples and bananas.Carl the doorman was the go-to man for directions. Checkin and out was easy. They even held our bags so we didn't have to check in early and pay a fee. Equipped us with a map and recommended a few nearby sites and we were free to start our trip without lugging our bags with us. Location was great -- literally just around the corner from the CTA. Gino's East and Portillo's Hotdogs are within a short walk. The Mag mile is also very close and easily accessible by walking.Oh and complimentary internet access. I recommend it and will stay here again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Far Exceeded My Expectations	Had a wonderful 2 night stay. Room was very clean, spacious, and comfortable! It was one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in, especially for the price of $129 per night. The location is very convenient to downtown Chicago and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to visit Chicago's Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier. Everything is in close walking distance.I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Couldn't Have Been Better	Great experience. Beautiful, huge, clean suite with fabulous view of city and water. Friendly staff. Great location at beginning of Magnificent Mile. Paid $169 per night which is a good value for what we got. Highly recommend it.	
Jul 31 2009 	More Info Ahead Of Time Would Have Been Nice	Be sure to ask how to get from the adjacent parking garage to the front door. There's no wifi, but there is hard-wired internet access. I couldn't get it to work, though. That may have been my issue, but wifi would be nice, to be sure. The hotel didn't charge my credit card until two days after departure and left the hold on the card until I called them about it three days after departure. The breakfast area is somewhat cramped and the choices are limited. Food quality was fair, but acceptable. Better food quality and larger selection for the rate charged would have been appreciated. Overall a decent enough experience. I'm on the fence as to whether or not I would return or recommend the property. I will admit to being partial to boutique hotels.	
Jul 27 2009 	Cannot be beat!	Husband &amp; I traveled to Chicago with another couple for a quick get-a-way. I found the Comfort Inn &amp; Suites Downtown on lastminutetravel.com for $100/night. We couldn't have been happier with this hotel. We lived in Chicago for a few years, 10 years ago, so we know how important public transportation is in town. We were just steps from the red line and the 22 and 36 buses, as well as a 24 hour Jewel/Osco. We were there for 3 nights, ate and drank all over town &amp; didn't step foot in a single taxi. We each spend $12 on a 3 day CTA pass. The hotel was super clean and very quite. It's true there are few rooms with views as it is sandwiched between two larger buildings. Personally, we don't go to chicago for the view. Staff was very friendly, lobby was clean and safe and coffee available 24 hours. We requested feather pillows and 5 were waiting for us upon our arrival. Yes, the rooms are small but provided everything we required.We hit up Chicago every summer and I look forward to staying at the Comfort Inn &amp; Suites again.	
Jul 15 2009 	"Motel 6" in the city!	Mark be down as someone who was less than impressed with this positively-reviewed Comfort Inn. It is a semi-renovated hotel in the North Bridge area of Chicago. It's best quality is location - very close to the Magnificent Mile, and within walking distance of all the best sites in Chicago. But the downside....Except for the handful of rooms facing the street, the rooms are like COFFINS. The hotel is sandwiched between two other buildings, and so most of the rooms face onto a lightwell. No matter what floor you're on, you feel buried. The room was totally no frills, in the same way that Motel 6 rooms are no frills. The room was clean, in the same way that Motel 6 rooms are (usually) clean. The in-room safe? It didn't work. Overall, less than impressed. If you're visiting Chicago, do yourself a favor and find a hotel that is situated on a corner of a block, so that you can get a room with windows and light and a view. I recommend the Comfort Inn only for the goth set.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great location friendly service nice rooms.	I stayed at the Comfort Inn and Suites for a weekend getaway to Chicago. The location was great, walking distance to a ton of places. Also, the staff were really friendly and I really appreciated the complimentary breakfast. Really good food, and more than just your typical cereal/juice/coffee options. There are waffles, eggs, fruit, etc. All around great bargain.	
Jul 1 2009 	Wonderful hotel in a great location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel recently while visiting friends. I was pleasantly surprised by the front desk person who checked us in promptly and was very courteous. She also had helpful tips on where to shop and dine without spending a fortune, while experiencing places that were less &quot;touristy.&quot; Our room was clean and air conditioned when we arrived and the room was larger than we expected. Overall, our stay here was a great value, and would recommend this hotel for anyone who is staying in the downtown area.	
Jun 26 2009 	Very bad Customer Service...	Front desk people are not friendly at all... as if they are trained to hate the customers. I found hair in my breakfast everyday... They have a fitness center...but, I wouldn't call it fitness center... They have atreadmill.. That's all...	
May 30 2009 	a gem in a big city	we selected this hotel from the internet,and it turned out to be fantastic,we had just spend the last two days on amtrak,travelling from utah.The location was great,fine restaurants and shops nearby and the city centre was just a couple of blocks,easily done by walking.The continental breakfast is free and you are spoiled with the choices available.The staff were tops they helped us and were always pleasant.The best thing of all was the cost,even though we booked over the internet,the rate was somewhat cheaper,but never the less,we would stay at this place again,whenever we come back this way.WE used this hotel as the yardstick to compare others on our adventure,sadly not many came close to it.	
Apr 10 2009 	Well located clean excellent service and unexpensive!!!	During my last visit I spent 5 days in this hotel. My room was simple and perhaps small, but it was more than I needed after walking Michigan and State Streets up and dawn all day long! The bathroom was very clean and it had everything a 4-5 star hotel would offer. My room was close to the ice machine and was a little noise when someone used it. Free Breakfast and Internet service were included in the price and I really appreciated that.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great location	We found this hotel to be in an excellent location. Near so many restaurants, just off the magnicant mile, near the EL, beside a cinema. The rooms were clean &amp; we found ours to be the perfect size. it's a little noisey but that's to be expected in a big city. We used the whirlpool a few times &amp; found it very relaxing. The breakfast was the only downfall. Plastic cups, plates, knives &amp; forks. We got a bit sick of it along with the poor choice, cereal, bagels or waffles was all on offer. There's free internet in the lobby which is great. We got a great deal for 5 nights so it was excellent value.	
Apr 6 2009 	What an unbelievable find!	I was in town for business and researched beyond belief for location and price. First it is very easy to get to Midway via the &quot;EL&quot; train. It took about 40 minutes, saved me money and the hotel is 1 1/2 blocks from the stop. I like to experience all parts of this city and find it a inconsiderate environmental and monetary waste to take a taxi when it's not necessary. Now if you have a family and tons of luggage that is a different story. I digress. I walked into the hotel not know what to expect and its a classic style hotel that is so darn clean I was floored. I had a great room, not small at all. I think people who come from the suburbs do not know what small really is. The room itself was super super clean as well. The location of the hotel is superb, you can walk to so many great restaurants and Magnificent Mile is just, I think, 3 blocks away. If the weather is good I really recommend walking as you miss things if you cab it. Or just take the &quot;EL&quot; train. It's safe. The staff at the hotel was absolutely wonderful. They were a wealth of information and really helped me find whatever I needed. They always had a smile and a great attitude. On one Lucky occassion I had the assistance of the General Manager as she was at the desk assisting her employees. That is just great to see that a top manager at the hotel cares and does not hide from her guests in order to avoid anything. I truly recommend this hotel for anyone who cares about, Cleanliness, Value, Service and Location.	
Mar 24 2009 	location location location	despite previous reviews about small rooms we found ours to be more than adequate 1501 on the top floor spotless to a t fine continental breakfast just 1 block off the magnificent mile easy walking distance from all the attractions for irish travellers fine food and drink at the kerryman bar just turn left outside the hotel and walk up to the rainforest cafe then turn right 2 blocks and there it is .the most spectacular scene is from the signature lounge in the john hancock building after dark u pay a few extra dollars on the drinks but the view is priceless and its higher than the observatory without an entrance fee and for the shopping macys and filenes basement down on state street are more comprehensive than those at the watertower end of the magnificent mile many great things to see and do in this lovely city has everything ny has only cleaner and quieter	
Mar 5 2009 	Spent a month here	I actually was a long-term guest of this hotel because of a large project at work. I enjoyed the stay for the most part...the staff was friendly and helpful but my big issue is the rooms. I've stayed here on four or five seperate occasions and I've had one decent room. Some of the rooms are tiny! And by tiny I mean 10 feet by 15 feet max. I usually get put on the upper floors (15-17) and I'm not sure if that makes a difference or not but there's hardly room to move around. If you were only staying one night and were a solo traveler, it'd probably be fine. However, I'm usually there for at least three or four days straight. It's is a quiet hotel, which downtown is nice. However, if you open the window, you're immediately reminded that you're in downtown Chicago. That doesn't really bother me (I lived in New York for five years, Chicago for two) but keep in mind there is a fire station a few blocks away...and they're busy. Overall, I'd recommend the hotel but not for a long-term stay. Parking is $25 per night, which is pretty standard downtown, but beware.	
Feb 5 2009 	Excellent group sales 	Our group of 20 PAX were accommodated at the Comfort Inn Hotel in Chicago for a week. First of all, the group sales manager Marc Condie was extremely helpful and effective in getting quotation and finalizing the reservation. He proposed upgrade of 4 normal rooms to 4 suits. When the group has arrived to the property, they were settled very fast and efficient. Our stay was great. We would be happy to deal with this Hotel as a corporate client in future.	
Jan 31 2009 	Great Breakfast and fab location	I booked through lastminutetravel.com and this hotel came up as a 'secret location' option (where you're hotel isn't revealed until you are sent booking confirmation). The hotel was in a fantastic location, just around the corner from the subway and there is parking available right next to the hotel ($25 per night). The breakfast offered a lot of choice and in a buffet style whereby I could eat as much as I wanted to fill me up for a whole day exploring the city. The door staff are extremely friendly and helpful in answering questions about the city. I stayed two nights and towels and beds were made each morning after breakfast. The hotel rooms have internet available at no extra cost and although they are quite small there is a lot of storage space and an iron and ironing board in the room. I stayed on the 11th floor and had no problem with city noise and I couldn't hear noise from other rooms. I had a very pleasant stay and would absolutely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 31 2009 	Flawless Professional Service	Planning a trip for 72 choir members can often be overwhelming, but the hotel management took the worry and hassle out of every aspect of our two night stay. From check in to check out, we were extremely impressed with everything the hotel had to offer. We couldn't have picked a better location- it was an incredible deal. The singers could walk everywhere and truly enjoyed their time in the city. Thank you Comfort Inn, if we are in Chicago again we will be back!	
Dec 31 2008 	Good Place? Good Value? Yes!	I found the place to be a good choice. It is a great location - near the fancy shopping and transit and buses.The hotel is clean and I found the staff to be friendly. If you are coming to Chicago to see Chicago this is a great place to stay. Take the money you save and enjoy it on a nice meal or two.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great location and good value for money	I spent 3 days visiting Chicago on a side trip to a business meeting in another state. As I was traveling solo, I was interested in finding safe, well located accommodation within walking distance of the city highlights. Though the room was small (which I expected) it was well laid out with everything that I needed - including a desk, free internet access (cable), a well appointed bathroom, comfortable bed and adjustable heating. The hotel has no restaurant but is close to a supermarket and restaurants. A casual breakfast buffet is included in the rate and all day coffee and tea are available from the same mezzanine area. The staff were friendly throughout my visit and very helpful on my day of departure - arranging for a cab to arrive at exactly the time I needed it. The only suggestion I would make is that the inclusion of a small fridge would have enhanced an enjoyable stay.	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect Location Great Hospitality	When I booked the hotel, I wasn't expecting too much. I figured I'd have to take the subway everywhere to get around town. When I arrived, my expecttions were blown out of the water. This hotel has a supermarket on one corner, the Weber Grill Restaurant on another, ESPN Zone on the next block, Pizzeria Uno on the other corner, a movie theater one block away, and the Rainforest Cafe and Rock n Roll McDonald's one block away. There is also a Subway across the street for a quick bite to eat. Magnificent Mile is about 5 minutes down the street, Navy Pier took me about 25 minutes to walk. The Red LIne Subway that takes you straight down to the Loop is less than a block away. The location is amazing!The Hotel Staff were all very friendly. When my cab pulled up, the bell staff were immediately picking up my suitcase and putting it in the lobby. The front desk staff were very friendly and informative. They even went online to print my boarding pass on the day of my flight! The front desk staff even held my suitcase all day long after I had checked out, with no hassle. The maid staff cleaned the room very well every day. The room itself was very small, but expected for a 1920's hotel. The room, overall, was very modern and everything was very clean and functional. The view from the window was nothing but a brick wall, which was kind of lame, but not a trip killer. As such, the sunlight never came in to the room, so I always had to have a desk light on.This is a great hotel for the location, price, and staff.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great location not so great service	The hotel is very conveniently located-you can basically walk to the Magnificent mile in 2 minutes. It is also surrounded by great bars and trendy restaurants. The room is half the size of a regular hotel room but I think that was the right size for Chicago downtown and the price. The hotel needs some maintenance, especially the elevator (was kind of dirty look). I was fairly disappointed with the service-I called at 11 am in advance asking them whether I could have a 2 hour late check out (meaning check out at 2 pm paying 20 USD extra) and they said yes. But then every 15 minutes there was some maid coming or a call reminding me that I should check out. In addition, after I finally could not take it and decided to check out at 1 pm and asked whether I could check my bags, they said yes and then asked me to wait and I waited for 10 minutes. I decided to give up and the receptionist saw me leave and turned her eyes away.	
Oct 21 2008 	Good Location	Stayed 2 nights here while touring around Illinois. We found the hotel ideal for our needs. The location is a winner. It is so near the magnificant mile so could drop our shopping bags half way through the day. There are nice little restaurants on the same street. There is an ESPN Sports Bar/Games Centre a few doors down. Rooms are dark but clean. Check out was at 12 but they kept our bags safely for the day as we were not leaving town till late in the day. Staff were very nice.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good hotel great location	I enjoyed staying in this hotel. The location could not be beat. Just about everything was walking distance with plenty of restaurants and shopping along the way. Each corner I turned, I saw something else to do or see. I was only there 3 days but it felt like I got good use of my time because of where the hotel was located. However, if you are traveling to Chicago for a little R&amp;R, this hotel may not be for you. It is located on a busy street and you defintely hear the sounds of the city, not to mention your neighbors. Also, the room is a bit small so a traveling couple or family may feel a little cramped and I did hear someone complain about a lack of cell phone service in their room. But if the room is just for sleeping, showering, and changing, then it is perfect. Oh and the continental breakfast was decent, you could even make your own waffles. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again when I go back to Chicago.	
Oct 11 2008 	You can access to many shopping pionts by walk.	My room charge was US$230 before tax per night. This is my record of the most expensive night in Comfort group ever stayed ($_$)...As somebody mentinoed below, the room is small, but you may find bigger room with just additional small expense. I feel this point when checking floor plan , not confirmed yet. Even it is small room, it is still better than tourists hotel in Hong Kong.I drove to Chicago , and it is very convenient of car park key which hotel provided me with US$25/night.Michigan avenue is famouse shopping , business street as you know. We can walk and enjoy this street. You may not need car while you're around city center for your visiting.Fleming's steak house is just second next buidling from this hotel. We took dinner here to celebrate our marriage day with good cooking beef and good taste of wine. Ah, Chicago!	
Jun 25 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	I was expecting a typical downtown Chicago experience for $188 a night but what I got was so much more. The hotel is ideally located near all the theater, shopping and restaurants Chicago has to offer. The staff is helpful, the complimentary breakfast is more than adequate including make-your-own waffles and the sheets, pillows and towels and all high quality and comfy. Ask for room 1209 if you want tons of room and complete silence and privacy.	
Jun 23 2008 	Very poor Chicago hotel	I advise buyer beware when considering this hotel. The rooms are very small, poorly furnished, and withoutadequate lighting. Most rooms have no natural light.Security is not adequate and do not meet minimal standards. I love Chicago, and have stayed at much nicer 3 starhotels for the same price. Chatting with others in the elevator only confirmed this is a general impression. I spent very little time in the hotel, and will never stay there again.	
Jun 18 2008 	Comfort Inn 	Just got back from Chicago and our stay at the Comfort Inn. It was very clean and the staff was very friendly. We did think the room could have had better lighting. We didn't have any view at all, one window faced the parking garage and the other was the inside wall of the hotel. This didn't matter because we weren't there to look out the windows!! As mentioned, the parking garage is right next door. It was $25 a day and you could come and go as needed. We loved the location! It was close to the red line and Michigan ave. and several bus stops. Also, there were several great places to eat close by-Weber Grill, P.F. Changs,ESPN, California Pizza Kitchen, and Pizza places. I did read a review that mentioned not enough seating in the breakfast area. I will agree with that. Most of the time it was pretty full, but they opened up a conference room and we sat in there. We will definitely stay here again!	
May 20 2008 	Great hotel - great location	My husband and I had a week in Chicago at the end of April. We stayed at the Comfort Inn. From the very start, the service we received from all the staff was very good. The reception staff were very helpful and professional. About half an hour after we got to the room, reception rang to check everything was OK (which it was).We had requested a quiet room and this was sorted out for us. It had a dual aspect (although there was only a car park and the inner part of the hotel to look at), so this meant it was quite dark. However, the room was very large and comfortable.The breakfast was of a good standard. However, within the breakfast room, there really needed to be more tables and chairs, rather than sofas. There is a conference room next to the breakfast room, which you can use if there isn't a conference taking place. When we used the conference room, we got to talk to other guests.Chicago is a lovely town - very walkable. The Chicagoans were very friendly. I can recommend a baseball game at either the White Sox or the Cubs. The weather was quite variable - one day it was 80°F/26°C, the next 55°F/12°C.I can also recommend the Historic Skyscraper Architectural Walking Tour and dinner on the 96th floor of the John Hancock Centre.I will definitely return to Chicago and will stay at the Comfort Inn again.	
Apr 30 2008	VERY CLEAN	Very clean. The hotel staff was excellent. Excellent cont. breakfast. Location is perfect. Bus and subway stops at the corner. Great for walking to many locations. Several restaraunts very, very close. Michigan Ave, only 2 or 3 blocks. The only problem with this hotel, if you don't get a suite, the rooms are TINY. But they are the cleanest rooms this side of Las Vegas.I would definately stay here again.	
Apr 15 2008	Great Little Hotel in Big City	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights this past weekend. It is really a nice hotel - some old world charm (building is from the 1920's), but recently refurbished. Doesn't feel like a chain at all. Decor and fixtures are all modern and in excellent condition. We had a suite (my sister, 14 year old nephew and myself), and it came with microwave, refrigerator, sink in the living room. Bathroom, shower, beds - all great.Front desk personnel couldn't be nicer and more helpful - they really seemed to take pride in their customer service. They helped with bus routes, restaurants, etc.Continental breakfast very nice - hard boiled eggs, waffles, yogurt, juice, bakery. My only complaint (and this is getting picky) is that there wasn't enough seating in the breakfast area - too many sofas and coffee tables that should be replaced with tables.Last but not least - excellent location. Walking distance either way up Michigan Ave to Water Tower, John Hancock or other direction to Millenium Park and Art Museum. Convenient to buses on both State Street or Michigan Ave. Next door to ESPN Zone (great for kids).Chicago Tip: Get a visitor bus pass. They have them in train station and I believe John Hancock center too. $5 for one day, $9 for 2. Chicago buses are very convenient and easy to use.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great Location Great Price Great Breakfast	I booked this hotel for a vacation in Chicago, mostly to shop and eat on the Magnificent Mile. It was great; and it was only two blocks from Magnificent Mile. Somehow we ended up with a suite without asking for it or paying anything extra (probably because we got in so late). Parking was cheap ($25 compared to $46 at other hotels on the Mile), maybe because there was no direct parking garage access to the hotel and you had to walk out of the garage to get to the hotel. The breakfast was great and had everything you could think of. The rooms were very clean and mostly everything looked newish. The only reason I didn't give this place a five was that the comforters have not been updated to the duvet style like most other hotels. Also, because I was a Choice Privileges member (maybe Gold) I got check-out extended until 2:00.	
Mar 22 2008	Very unhelpful	I stayed there for a couple of years for a June trade show because of the price.The attitude of the front desk and the staff is poor.This is a hotel which is supposed to cater to business travelers, yet they don't serve breakfast untill 7:00 AM on week daysThe year before I mentioned this to the front desk and they said they would look into it.But I was infomed hautingly that I was making an unreasonable request the next year. Normally the set up has some things out at 6:30 and I tried to grab something. You would have thought I was commiting a crime by their reaction.	
Feb 25 2008 	Suite LIfe	I must say I was very impressed with the decor and the rooms. Definately not your normal comfort Inn &amp; Suites that you see off to the road on the interstate. The bathrooms are very clean and has an elegant feeling to the design. The view of the North End of the chicago skyline is wonderful and everything is in walking distance as far as resturants and bars. I definately loved the bed that had 8 pillows that were not too hard or too soft. I would definately stay there again!	
Feb 23 2008 	GREAT location GREAT hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in a suite. The room was very clean and well decorated. The hotel's location is an easy walking distance to ALL of the shops on Michigan Avenue. The hotel staff was helpful, however we didn't really need them too much. Go got a great rate through CRShotels.com. We would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 16 2008 	Nice 3 star Hotel	Me and my wife stayed at this hotel on our last days of our honeymoon in september 2007. Check in went smoothly. We had a nice standard room with a large bathroom. We paid 189 USD/night , which I thought was a great deal for this hotel.A complimentary breakfast buffet is served every morning. We loved it! When you stay here you will be in a fantastic location in downtown Chicago North side. Close to michgan ave and really close to clark street were a lot of nice blues clubs are situated.Right across from our hotel at State street you will find a place called Pops For Champagne. It was a really nice cozy place with Champagne bar and live jazz. Do check it out!! We love Chicago and will return again and again.. We will choose this hotel for our next visit.	
Jan 2 2008	Excellent Location and Experience	Clean, quiet, comfortable. Great staff. Only hotel I have booked on line that responded personally to my request for quiet room. Could not be happier with location. Walking distance to everything north of the river, and just 1 1/2 blocks from Red Line. Recommend to anyone who wants to stay near the Miracle Mile, loves pizza, and is looking for a &quot;personal' sized hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great location 	Awesome location... 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. and right next door to Uno's Pizza. Directly across the street is a Starbucks, PF Changs, and a mall to name a few. The room was extremely small, but if you are not planning on being in the room a lot, then it doesn't matter. Also, there was a continental breakfast, which hardly any other hotel had. The pice was about $120 a night plus $20 a day for parking... very reasonable. I'd stay again.	
Dec 20 2007 	Fantastic Location; Great Breakfast	I was in town for a conference and chose this hotel primarily because of easy access to the metro. It did not disappoint me at all and I am very pleased that my experience with the hotel is in line with all the good stuff I read about it from the web. First, the breakfast offered had a reasonable variety of breads, cereals and juices. LIke other reviewers, I too was bowled over by the hot waffles. The fact that all this was free really wowed me. Second, the hotel staff was SO helpful and polite when giving directions and assisting with requests. The metro was just 1.5 blocks away but I was hopeless with directions and one of the staff was kind enough to walk me there himself. In addition, they put me in a smoking floor the first night and I asked for a change of rooms. They gave me one the next day and helped me to move everything over. Later, I realized that I left my travel adaptor in the first room and they helped me to bring it back. I give a thumbs up to the service level in this hotel. Third, the location was just fantastic. I could get to everywhere very quickly either by metro or on foot. There was food nearby and a supermarket to meet my grocery needs. Finally, the condition of the rooms was good, everything was clean and the air smelt ok. All in all, I would definitely stay here again when I come to Chicago.	
Oct 28 2007 	Lovely comfortable place to stay	Lovely hotel, complimentary tea and coffee is served 24hours a day in a really trendy lounge. Very clean, lovely beds, plenty of room. The bubble bath and sauna are great after a day of shopping. Staff were very helpful. Not much of a view from the bedroom, but we didnt care about that.	
Oct 10 2007 	Does exactly what it says on the tin!	We have just returned from the 2007 Chicago Marathon and stayed at the Comfort Inn in Downtown Chicago. The hotel is really well situated for Michigan Ave, where all the &quot;nice&quot; shops are and (crucially) if you are coming from O'Hare airport, as we were, it has a train station situated right around the corner. For $2 you can travel 18 miles into the city centre! What more do you want? Even more satisfying is the fact that the track runs parallel for a good few miles with the Kennedy Expressway, which seems almost permanently gridlocked, so you can congratulate yourself on saving time AND money getting the train!We found the hotel more than met our needs and expectations. I simply cannot understand why people are griping about it. Our room number was 1204 and I will admit it was a little dark, as it faced an inner courtyard with little natural light, but being on the 12th floor and not facing the main street has distinct advantages when it comes to blocking out traffic noise, so we were more than happy. We had a very comfy bed, with loads of pillows, great air-conditioning and a really cool bathroom, with a heated light on a timer. The shower worked really well, we had complimentary newspapers and the coffee making facilities were easy to use (although biscuits might have been nice)! The biggest benefit to us as a couple was free wi-fi, which enabled us to hold video conversations with our kids in England over the webcam. Saved a fortune in mobile phone charges!Breakfast was great. Lots of choice and plenty of it. The only downside for me was that the breakfast area was extremely small and you struggled to get a table, as the hotel was full of marathon runners all wanting to eat at the same time! The staff had no problem with you removing food to your room if you chose to do so. They even arranged for the hours to be altered on marathon day to cater for those who had to eat by 6am. I hope the staff got a bonus for being up so early! The staff were friendly and professional. No complaints whatsoever about them. I do wonder if people choosing this hotel and rating it unfavourably are expecting the Cannes Carlton. This is not a particularly &quot;high end&quot; hotel, but it is worth the money and does exactly what it says it will. You will have a comfortable night in the Comfort Inn! Whilst the Chicago Hilton might be grander (and it was, because we attended a party there) the food was cold, poor value for money and the staff much less friendly. Give me the Comfort Inn anyday!	
Oct 3 2007 	Very basic and not what I expected	This hotel is well situted for downtown Chicago, but is really very basic, and not what I expected. The rooms (allocated to me and my group) were very small, dark, with little daylight, backing on to a multistory car park. There were no hotel facilities at all! Only vending machines. No bar, cafeteria, restaurante, business center, nothing. A disappointing continential breakfast was served on the first floor in a small area with only 7 or 8 tables, and a funny kind of sofa arrangement. There was not enough space for all the guests wanting to take breakfast to sit down, and many had to stand up. The plates, glasses and cutlery were all plastic.The second day we all went out for breakfast. I guess this place would be okay for low budget travellers with low expectations, but it is by no means a mid-class establishment.	
Oct 2 2007 	Horrible !! Why Do People Rate This So High - Certainly Don't Deserve 3 Diamond	I honestly don't &quot;get it.&quot; Why people give this hotel such a high rating, and why it has earned a 3-Diamond Rating? First of all, I am a Choice Hotels Rewards Member, so when I stayed, I had to use 20,000 points to stay here (normal Choice Hotels take 8,000 points). Everything about this hotel was bad, starting with parking... First of all, the way this hotel is set up, you have to park on the street with your &quot;flasher on&quot; and check-in and unload all your belongings. WHen I arrived, the 3 spaces (the only available unloading spaces) in front of the hotel were full. Then, after paying my 20,000 points (or your $300+ room fee) for your room, on top of that you have to pay an additional $25 per day for a parking permit. Keep in mind, that this allows you access to a nearby parking ramp, but this ramp is not even attached to the hotle, furthermore, the stairs and elevator exit to the ramp are no where close to the entrance to the hotel. Alright, so now that you understand how much of a hassle just simply parking / and checking-in are... I have to tell you about the elevators. The elevators smelled like vomit. Really bad vomit. The had sign in them saying &quot;Please pardon the smell, we are working on the grease dump...&quot; (whatever that means?) ANyways, here's another wierd thing, I was assigned to room 1408 - which in itself was kind of freaky, cause I had just seen that movie prior to my visit to chicago. When I got to my room, the first thing I noticed was a horrible view. I had a view of an old, dirty brick wall, that went straight down to a garbage pit. No city views, just this ugly wall, and a parking ramp. The internet connection did not work in my room. Two people stayed during this visit, and they were so &quot;cheap&quot; with the soap - so I went to the front desk to ask for more, and they acted like I was asking for thier first born son, they did not provide me with adequate amounts of soap / shampoo, even when I went to the desk. Even though my room was completey taken care of by my &quot;points&quot; they still placed (4) seperate &quot;holds&quot; against my credit card in these ammounts: $75, $75, $58, and $53. I went to the front desk to ask them why, and all they told me was tha it was to insure my card was valid, and that the hold would be romoved 5 days after check out. In reality, the only holds that should have been on there were 2 holds, each for $25 for parking (2 days). The room itself ( #1408) was old, and smelled like smoke, even though I was in a non-smoking room. The wall A/C - heater ran constantly, no mater what setting you put it on, it always ran, making that annoying &quot;fan&quot; noise. This place is horrible, no matter what you read. ANd it is very, very expensive for what you get. DOn't get me wrong, I absolutely love CHoice Hotels, and Comfort Inns, just NOT THIS ONE. If you are in Chicago, and you want to stay at a Very, very nice Comfort Inn - to me the best Comfort Inn, I have ever stayed at in my life, then you need to check out the Comfort Inn in MUNDELEIN, IL - you will not be sorry. As far as this Comfort Inn and SUites in Downtown Chicago - Please trust me, and stay elsewhere for your $300.00 - you may just regret your stay here.	
Sep 3 2007	great location	5 of us stayed at the comfort Inn and Suites over Laor Day Weekend and thought it was a great location, continental breakfast was good. The hotel is clean and everyone is very polite. Thanks to trip advisor forums for the comments, it helped in our decision. We would stay here again the next time we are in Chicago. Lots of bar's. dining and attractions within walking distance of hotel. Thanks Chicago fro a great weekend !!!!!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Comfortable and very convenient	A step above other outposts of this extensive chain, the Comfort Inn Downtown boasts an excellent location just minutes from the Magnificent Mile and 20 minutes by foot from Millenium Park. It is modest, but the rooms are surprisingly comfortable, a step above your average strip mall Comfort Inn. There's marble in the bathrooms, and some rooms are set up like a suite. Ours, 1202, was divided into a living area, with mini-fridge, microwave, kitchen sink, large desk and television, and a sleeping area, with its own TV and AC unit. We loved this set up, and it added a level of luxury we weren't expecting. But be forewarned: if you're not in a suite, the rooms can be quite small--still with some premium fixings--but small, and many of the rooms face an inner courtyard with only a large shaft of light. Considering the noise of the city, this might be an advantage. And given all there is to do in Chicago, you might not need a lot of space. But to guarantee the space you need, look into the possibility of a suite. Service was accommodating and polite; housekeeping was wonderfully quiet and respectful. There is no bar or restaurant in the hotel (Japanese place next door is good), so there's no scene. There's a Whole Foods Market on Huron, three blocks away, which is great for stocking that mini-fridge with healthy snacks. A solid, comfortable establishment in the midst of a classy urban environment.	
Aug 24 2007	Very pleased with Comfort Inn 	Recently stayed at the Comfort Inn &amp; Suites in the North River Chicago area on E. Ohio. The room was very clean, great towels and bedding and location was close enough to attractions (Navy Pier)) and transportation systems. Self-parking was available with in/out priviledges (which is a premium in downtown Chicago) and not too steep, and the in-house continental breakfast was good. Would definitely stay there again as it was very reasonable and suited our needs -- just don't bring a car if you can help it. Very easy to get around and save parking fees and aggravation.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Miracle Mile locartion	This hotel has a great location with very competitive pricing. The room was quite spacious and in great condition. Parking was $25 per day with in and out privileges. The garage is next door, but has no direct connection to the hotel. (But do you really need a car in downtown Chicago.)	
Aug 7 2007	Great Stay!	My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Comfort Inn and Suites in downtown Chicago and were very pleased with the experience. I booked it thru the website of the airline I used and got a great deal. Our room was on the 7th floor and faced the street, but was very quiet. We had a nice view of the city. The room was a little small, but very clean and the bathroom was especially nice. For a lower cost hotel, I thought the free breakfast buffet was wonderful - so much to choose from including hot waffles! We parked in the lot adjacent to the hotel ($25.00/night) but never needed to take the car out - we were convenient to everything. Navy Pier was an easy walk. Two years ago, we stayed at the Best Western River North, Chicago, and had planned to stay there again. Their prices had gone up, so I decided to try something else and I am glad I did. River North was fine and had free parking, but overall, I like the Comfort Inn better. The lobby was much nicer and they had someone there to help us book a city tour. If you prefer to spend more of your money on restaurants and attractions, but still want a comfortable night's sleep, I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 2 2007	Clean and new with a few problems	I was in town for a large conference at McCormick and made a reservation at the Comfort Inn at the last minute because of its low price and good reviews. The Good: As many of the other reviews point out, this hotel is clean and quiet. It appears as though everything was recently remodeled. The bathrooms have nice working features and clean floors. The room had nice new carpet and furnishings. With the exception of the neighboring ice machine closet, the hotel was very quiet. The hotel also has a good location. Plenty of restaurants around and transportation options. The Bad: I stayed 5 nights and the free in-room internet service was down for three of those nights. The front desk said it took three days just to come and look at the problem. The internet went out on Saturday, so I can understand that weekend technicians may be hard to come by, but I would expect a major hotel chain like Comfort Inn to have contracts with services available on the weekend. Other problems include the room phones and TV. The room had two phones, but the handset on the bedside phone did not work. The TV had many channels, but they were hard to enjoy due to poor reception and signal noise. My room had a view of a brick wall 10 feet away. And finally, the staff was questionable. Checkin went well, but checkout was poor. The desk attendant was clearly more interested in other things. No questions about my stay and very short with answers on how to get to the airport. Left a bad taste in my mouth as I left the hotel.I would recommend staying here in the near future, but fear that the quality will decrease with age. I doubt I will return.	
Jul 29 2007 	Good stay for visit to Chicago	We stayed here for a 5 day 4 night trip to Chicago and if we come back to the city, we'll definitely stay here again. This hotel is within walking distance to many main attractions---the magnificent mile, Navy Pier, many very good restaurants (Pizzeria Uno is basically next door), etc. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was small, as described in other reviews, however we used it just to sleep and shower so it was perfect for us. If you want a place with a balcony and lots of sitting area, this is not the hotel for you. The beds were not bad----nothing exceptional like pillow tops or anything, but were good enough for a restful nights sleep. I was particularly happy about the hot water for the shower---plenty of it and definitely hot. They offer a continental breakfast which was more than adequate----especially if you plan on eating all the other foods Chicago has to offer throughout the day. There are bagels, cereal, fruit (a little lacking there), Belgian waffles, pastries and hard boiled eggs. Only downfall is breakfast is over at 9am during the week. Weekends is at 11am. Check in was at 3pm and very easy. Check out is at noon, but for $5 we could stay til 2pm. Our only complaint overall was the Internet service. There was supposed to be service in our room, however there wasn't. I'm assuming it was just a freak thing----just bad timing for us that the rooms were unable to get access. Service was available if you took your laptop to the 2nd floor (lounge area) or 1st floor (lobby). It was a slight inconvenience for us---however we were only using the Internet to search for a few local things and our email. We weren't here on business so it wasn't imperative for us to have access. If you definitely need service in your room for work or whatever, you may want to confirm there really is access always and make sure the outage wasn't just during the days we were here. On a side note, good places to eat: Giordanos for deep dish pizza, Pizano's (Italian---portions are huge--alfredo really good), Quartinos, Jakes (bar nearby---good bar food), Ditka's restaurant next to the Tremont Hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Place	Hotel was great, walked all over Chicago from our hotel. Very close to &quot;el&quot;, restaurants and Michigan Ave. Walking distance to downtown business area and Navy Pier. Very clean. Room was a little small but more than adequate for a couple (you don't go to Chicago to stay in the room). Breakfast was adequate. We had a good view (Rm 801) but could see how the other side of hotel might not have such a great view (lots of buildings in way). Would stay again--got a good price for Chicago. Tip: Eat on the 96th floor of the Handcock Bldg.--make reservations for dinner or lunch (if you want a seat by window). Great view, relaxing, don't have to pay to go up to the observatory and can spend as much time as you want enjoying view and food.	
Jul 21 2007	Great Stay	Great location with easy access to all downtown attractions. Rooms are very clean and comfortable. Have stayed here several times and never disappointed. Staff always wonderful and willing to answer quesitons on how to get around town and where various attractions are located. Breakfast is always well stocked and delicious with a staff member on hand to keep things in order. This hotel is a MUST STAY!	
Jul 20 2007 	Good location. A Little Expensive. Otherwise Just OK.	Good Points:Great location near Red Line metro stopVery courteous staffClose by to Michigan Avenue shoppingClose to many good eating spotsFor those of you who like Pizzeria Uno, it is just steps awayClean, comfortable and quietNot So Good Points:Price-at $270 per night for a suite I did not get a good value.Breakfast-pedestrian selection of sweet rolls, tarts, etc.	
Jul 3 2007 	Disappointed	Very disappointed. Booked this hotel after reading reviews on tripadvisor.com. Staff was very unfriendly when checking in - did not even tell us our room number or point us in the direction of the elevators when handing us our room keys. Third floor is a designated smoking floor - the entire floor smells as soon as you get off the elevator - if you do not smoke, beware, it is very unpleasant if this is the only floor available.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Comfort Inn &amp; Suites for two nights on June 29 - 30, 2007. The location of this hotel is excellent and we were thrilled to be able to walk everywhere over the weekend. If you are going to be there within the next 8 days (week of July 4, 2007), be sure to check out the Taste of Chicago! (www.tasteofchicago.us) It was great fun! The lake and Michigan Avenue are only a few blocks to the right when you exit the hotel. The hotel itself is very nice. Our room was very small, but we didn't mind since we didn't spend a lot of time in it. The bathroom was very clean, as was the entire room. We had only one small window, which looked onto a nearby wall, but again, we just wanted a place to sleep. The breakfast buffet was fantastic for me because there was a waffle maker! My boyfriend was a little disappointed. They offered coffee, juices, several cereals, hard-boiled eggs, pastries, and bagels. And the waffle maker of course, yum! The eating area is a little awkward since it was pretty busy both mornings and set up like a living room with a few tables nearby, but overall not bad. Just a tip, there are only two small elevators and they're pretty slow. If you are checking out near checkout time, are on a lower floor, and have lots of luggage, it might take a while to get an elevator that can fit you in. I saw several people waiting and not able to get in because of this. We flew into O'Hare (on the top 5 list of worst airports nationwide - lots of delays) and took the train/blue line to the Clark stop. It's very easy and only costs $2 per person. If you don't want to walk to the hotel from there, the cab ride is only about $5-10.I hope that helps! I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 24 2007 	Excellent Stay	The staff at this hotel seemed to go out of their way to be courteous and helpful. The location is excellent, and our room was large, clean, and comfortable. We were really impressed and would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed here three nights with Choice Privilege Points which saved us close to $1100. The location is great, just a short walk to the bus stop on Michigan Avenue or the train on State Street. The folks at the front desk were very helpful and friendly. Continental breakfast was slightly above average. Hot Tub came in handy after walking museums all day.Room was very quiet with a fridge and microwave. Others have said the rooms are small, but ours was quite large. Plenty of room for two parents, two teenagers and an air mattress for one of the kids to sleep on.The only thing we didn't like was the double beds, but we couldn't find a hotel in the city with queen beds anyway. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 16 2007 	fantastic location!	Our trip was a &quot;family&quot; trip, but all adults. Myself (34) and my parents (66 and 67). We had never done Chicago before, so we just picked a random hotel with a good reputation and went with it! What a lucky random pick! The hotel is about 2 blocks from all the magnificent shopping on the Magnificent Mile, has a ton of restaurants within walking distance, and has the nicest staff I've ever had the fortune to meet! We arrived at O'Hare and took a cab to the property, which ran about $42. They offer shuttle service through continental, but it was only going to save us about $6, so we just did the cab thing. When we arrived I was very ill (motion sickness from a cab ride, a total first for me), and as soon as my dad mentioned it, the bellman actually offered to run to the pharmacy for me if I needed it, and the front desk clerk offered to get me a Sprite from the machine downstairs! All the staff were like that, super friendly and willing to go to any lengths to keep you happy!The rooms are sort of suites. They have a single bathroom in the middle, and to the left is the bedroom (2 double beds, a dresser and a TV) and to the right is a small sitting area with a wet bar, closet, TV, desk and sleeper sofa. My parents took the beds, and I slept on the sleeper sofa. Quite comfy, surprisingly! I closed the bed up every morning, and when I came back at night, the maid had pulled the bed out, changed and remade the bed. That takes some dedication! The room was always spotless when we returned.The continental breakfast is offered daily 'til 10 thru the week and 'til 11 on weekends. Had your standard pastries, muffins, fruit, yogurt, etc. Also had a &quot;make your own&quot; belgian waffle station and a chaffing dish full of boiled eggs. Several kinds of fruit juice, milk, water, hot tea, coffee. Small sitting area, but we were always able to have a table.Within walking distance are: Big Bowl (Thai, great homemade ginger ale), California Kitchens Pizza, Weber Grill restaurant, PF Chang.There is a grocery store just around the corner (Jewel Osco), Bloomingdales Home and Design within Reach are across the street. The Grand Train Station is just behind the hotel. The #65 bus comes to that station as well.The hotel is a restored 1920's building and the lobby and mezzanine are beautiful. All in all, the PERFECT place to stay in downtown.	
Jun 3 2007	concerns allayed great little spot	chicago is a convention city which means accommodation is expensive and limited when they are on - which was when we stayed. the comfort inn is in a great location - not far from the magnificent mile. we were a little concerned about booking this hotel but upon arrival our concerns were allayed. breakfast was included making it good value. the room was spacious but the bed was a little small.would definately stay here again when in chicago.	
May 9 2007 	Great Value for the Price	My wife and I stayed at the Comfort Inn for a few days in April 2007 and were very impressed with it. While it can't be understated how small our room was--I'd estimate it came in under 250 square feet--it was well appointed, comfortable and very clean. The staff was friendly, and the continental breakfast was excellent.The location was what really made the deal for us. The Comfort Inn is only a couple of blocks from the Mile, and the nearest Red Line stop is just around the corner. The price was very good as well: Our two-night weekend stay came in under $300, including parking.A tip about requesting rooms: There are only four street-facing rooms on each floor, so if you want any kind of a view, you may want to ask ahead. Two of those street-facing rooms (including the one we stayed in) are incredibly tiny. If you want space, you may have to sacrifice your view. (See the floor map photo I uploaded to get an idea as to the different room sizes.)We'd recommend the Comfort Inn, and would definitely stay there again.	
May 6 2007 	Decent mid-priced hotel	This is a good hotel if you decide you want a good location within walking distance to the magnificent mile and VERY close to the red line subway. The rooms are tiny...I mean REALLY tiny. Everything was very clean, though, and the staff was EXCELLENT, very friendly and concerned with making it a great stay. Appears to be recently renovated. Good workout facilities and large whirlpool in the basement. The free breakfast was a nice added touch too. Parking is somewhat of a pain (no valet and you have to walk around the block each time you want to enter the hotel), but you get unlimited in/out privelages. Overall I would recommend it.	
Apr 26 2007 	Nice stay for the money	I was pleasantly surprised with my stay at the Comfort Inn &amp; Suites. I was only there one night, but the front desk was SO friendly and helpful. They quickly checked me in and answered any questions I had. The room was very clean, though it was a little small. I was placed in a handicap accessible room so I was surprised there wasn't more room around the sides of the bed. The bathroom was very spacious, my only complaint was there was no medicine cabinet or place to put my toiletries. The sink had a big soap dish on one side of the faucet so very little room for even my toothpaste, let alone my other stuff on the other side.The room was extremely quiet and dark at night. The window didn't have a view (just 3 other walls of what appeared to be the rest of the building). The A/C unit was a little loud when it kicked on in the middle of the night. It woke me up scared half to death when it sounded like a jet taking off in my room. I got used to it, but it wasn't the best.I had trouble connecting to the internet (I got the required CAT-5 cable from the front desk) but I don't know if it was because I was using a Mac or what. I didn't feel like dealing with it because it was late and I was checking out in the morning, but I'm sure if I called the front desk, they would have helped me out. The continental breakfast in the morning was fantastic. Lots of options to choose from, cereal, bagels, pastries, fresh fruit, yogurt my personal favorite, belgian waffles, and more. Perfect way to start the morning.I wish I could have stayed longer to get more of my stay but I was only in town one day for business. The location of this hotel was really ideal. They are right next door to several great restaurants including Pizzeria Uno (the original, I think) and Pizzeria Due (the second one) as well as Weber Grill and ESPN Zone. It was really easy to get to from the airport in a cab (about $34, before tip, with no traffic).All in all, I thought it was a great hotel for a great price right in downtown Chicago. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 24 2007 	staff were not helpful!	we stayed that this hotel for one night, it's clean and updated. but the staff did did not help us, when we got a smoking room. we had asked for a non-smoking room. all other rooms were taken. oh, and the parking is $25 a day that suck! it's in the heart of the city which is a plus! warning you now, the rooms are 10 by 14. small as all hell.	
Apr 18 2007 	Best value in Chicago	Have stayed in many hotels in Chicago and this is best for price/quality.Not that quiet. Newly refurbished. Good location and amenities	
Mar 19 2007 	Really Good Stay	Stayed here in early March 2007. The location is fantastic, 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. The hotel is clean and quiet. Not the most spacios, but not the tightest either. No moldy shower, no warn out carpet, clean breakfast area. Parking is convenient in the garage directly behind hotel and It's $25 which isn't too bad by Chicago standards. The breakfast bar is decent - standard continental with a waffle maker, cereal, breads, rolls, etc... The view from our room was terrible - looking into a small, closed in courtyard of nastyness. If you need a view, request a room looking outside! The only other complain I had was the coffe at the brekfast area. It was literally undrinkable swill. Really, really bad. But hey, if that's the biggest complaint then it's not too bad! Plus there's a starbuck's right across the street, and a million more around Chicago. We'll stay there again for sure.	
Feb 23 2007	Clean stylish....very nice!	Good value for the location! Front desk and staff are very friendly. Everything was scrupulously clean, and appears to have been recently remodeled.Our first room was extremely small, but they moved us to a larger room when asked.The breakfast area and selection was also very nice and scrupulously clean.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great Hotel	What a GREAT hotel! We have stayed here once a month since Sept. 2006 for family business a total of five times. The staff is helpful and friendly.The parking garage located next to the hotel is very convienent ,with in and out privleges.Tons of restaurants and shopping all within walking distance.Very clean rooms a bit small but fine for the amount of time we are in the room.Plan on eating breakfast,they have a nice selection of quick foods(bagels, cereal ,fresh fruit etc). Good price for the location.	
Dec 29 2006 	Great Location Great Hotel	Did a last minute trip to Chicago before Christmas and stayed at the Choice Inn Downtown on Ohio St. This hotel exceeded my expectations. We had a 2 dbl bed suite.. very large, with the LR part separate from the beds. Nice view looking out on Ohio St. Beds were comfortable. Breakfast had normal items, and everything was fresh. Check in was quick and efficient.I think of Choice Inn as a mid-level hotel.. In general it seemed like we were staying at a much nicer hotel. I was very pleased with my stay and would stay again.	
Oct 25 2006	At this price what more could you want?	I stayed a few nights late October and was very happy with my stay (I chose it because of opinions on TripAdvisor)Why stay here?Location is great. Close to other hotels, lots of restaurants (including the original Pizzeria Uno). Bloomingdales across the street. Short walk to the M. Mile.Grocery store/drug store on the corner. Wine/ Liquor store in the building.Room was great with modern and clean with new fixtures. Bar fridge, microwave and bar sink in the room (great with a grocery store so close). FREE local calls (I appreciate this). Quiet . Small floors means not much noise from people in hallway.TV comes with lots of channels including HBO.View? Forget it, you probably won't get one.Continental Breakfast included. Decent selection and was a nice bonus.Staff - super. Helpful. Front desk staff were always happy to serve.Cleaning personnel were very polite.The management of this hotel appears to have built a staff with high morale and it shows in their attitude and performance. Highly recommended.Note: rooms at the ends of the hallways are quite a bit bigger than those in the middle - Try and get an end room.	
Oct 10 2006	Excellent hotel and staff	Very clean hotel in great location; with a wonderful breakfast. Thanks to Tim and staff for a wonderful stay; they were great! We would definitely plan to stay here again.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great location great hotel for the price	This hotel has such a great location - close to El stop on red line, numerous restaurants within a block or two, major shopping nearby. The staff was friendly and helpful, room was clean and quiet - there was no view, but when we wanted to see Chicago, we just went outside and walked around. We had a room with 2 beds, which was very spacious, and the small fridge and microwave came in handy. Oh yeah, the breakfast buffet was a nice surprise too, didn't know they had that, so we saved even more by being able to have fruit/juice, coffee, toasted bagels, etc. rather than going out for breakfast, then we had a nice lunch later at one of the area restaurants. I have stayed at several other hotels in Chicago, and this is hands-down the best in terms of location and amenities for the price. Speaking of price, I checked all the hotel booking sites and finally made my reservation through the Comfort Inns website and got their &quot;internet rate&quot; which was the lowest of all options.	
Sep 27 2006 	Good Hotel Great Location	This hotel has an unbeatable location and reasonable prices. There were three of us in our room, and it was nice size. We had a microwave and small refrigerator. There was plenty of room to stow our clothing. The hotel is right of State Street and only two blocks from the Magnificent Mile. There are dozens of good restaurants close by, and the hotel has a very good complimentary breakfast including waffles, cereal, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, etc. I'd definitely go there again on another trip to Chicago.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great Room Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from 8/17 through 8/19/06. The location of this hotel is great. Very close to downtown shopping, Navy Pier, Millenium Park. Our room was super clean and I expected it to be small as most downtown Chicago hotel rooms tend to be. Our room didn't have a view, just of a nasty-looking alley and the building next door. We got a great rate of $129/night directly from the hotel's website (click on &quot;internet specials&quot; on the rate type). Also, continental breakfast was included which was a great savings considering the restaurant prices downtown. The hotel staff was very helpful and even printed our Southwest Airlines boarding passes free of charge (we've been charged $5.00 each for these in Las Vegas).It was overall an excellent value and an excellent room.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great Stay	This was our first trip to Chicago, and I was worried about finding a good hotel at a reasonable price. I read all the reviews in the Trip Advisor before choosing this hotel. The location was perfect for the El, Michigan Ave and nice restaurants. We had a king size room and it was large; one of our group had the queen and he said it was small. The complimentary breakfast was adequate and saved us from having to find a place to eat each morning. The staff was very accommodating and pleasant. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great stay again!	This was our second time staying at this Comfort Inn. We were so impressed the first time we had to stay there again with our friend from Ireland. The location is perfect and the rooms are nice, clean, and the perfect size. We will definately stay there on our next trip to Chicago and our Irish friend is recommending it to his friends who will be visiting Chicago soon.	
Jul 25 2006	"Un-Chainlike" Chain Hotel	This was a very nice hotel - a great location with personality. I did not expect a Comfort Inn to be located so conveniently nor be as upscale is this one. It dispels any negative connotation of a &quot;chain&quot; -- rooms that felt anything but cookie-cutter, a wonderful continental breakfast, and very helpful staff. Sleeping rooms were very comfortable, surprisingly spacious and appointed with high-end finishes. Only negatives would views of the side and back walls of its neighbors and a small &quot;street presence&quot;. I have stayed in other &quot;value&quot; hotels in Mangificent Mile and would never go back to the others, having stayed here.	
Jul 10 2006	hidden gem	This hotel was a great find in downtown Chicago, a block away from the Grand Ave. redline stop and two blocks from Michigan Ave. The rooms aren't huge but comfortable with your own switch for the air conditioner/heater. The bed was extremely comfortable and the decor was nice and not the least bit run down. The bathroom was decent size with great water pressure. This is a well taken care of hotel. They serve a good complimentary continental breakfast each morning consisting of cold cereals, bagels/english muffins, and assortment of sweetrolls and muffins, criossants, fruits, hard boiled eggs, instant oatmeals, a variety of juices, and yogurt. It was served on the 2nd floor in a opened foyer area. During the work week, a USA Today paper was delivered to the room every morning.Choice Hotels offers a guaranteed lowest rate through their website or else they willl match, plus 10% off a lower priced website. I found the same $200 room for a $121 at Last Minute Travel,. I put in my claim, and got the room for $108 a night. The only glitch was that the hotel itself did not know it when I checked in but I had my paperwork with me, they accepted it and we spent a great 5 nights with them at half the cost. WARNING: If you find a lower rate, you have to compare it to their standard rates--you can't put in for any discounts, like AAA.  I would definitely stay here again. We were there six days and couldn't have had a more centrally located hotel.	
Jun 30 2006	Nice hotel great location	When I travel to Chicago I normally stay at the Best Western Hawthorne Terrace in Lakeview. Since that wonderful hotel was sold out (no surprise) I decieded to try this hotel since I got a great rate considering there was a large convention in town that weekend. Cons - 1: The towels in my room were just plain horrible, comparing them to sandpaper would be an understatement. If I ever stay here again, I'll bring my own. 2: Can't think of anything else! Pros - 1: Location - Red Line only one block away and the hotel sits right in the midst of everything Chicago is all about. 2: The staff was very pleasant. Easy/Quick check in. 3: The room was fantastic. (room 1103). Not sure if I somehow got upgraded, but I was expecting a small room with a queen bed. Instead we got a two room suite (two beds in one room w/ TV and another sitting room with sofa, TV, microwave and mini fridge). Nice contemporary decor and very clean.I'd definately stay here again if i was looking for a room downtown and the price was right.	
Jun 7 2006	Awesome location and hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights - our first visit to the city and what a fantastic location. Right amongst it all, close to shops, the miracle mile and so many eating choices. Enjoyed feeling safe walking around the streets surrounding the hotel - we arrived late at night and didn't feel unsafe at all. The hotel room was clean, modern, slightly small but it didn't matter as we were there to explore the city. Wasn't too noisy either as we were on the 13th floor.The daily breakfast was a great start to the day - good selection to please most people adn the staff were always helpful and friendly.	
Jun 7 2006	No probs at the Comf.Inn...give it a shot!	I feel obligated to ofer an opinion of the CI after reading about so many whining about such ridiculous things. If you want a large room, go to Las Vegas! Room was fine. Not super small. Had been remodeled, and the bath had been as well. I sen some even whine about the breakfast. You must be kidding. Most give you NOTHING. It was fine, with a good assortment of bagels, juices, etc etc. Yes it is a small area. So? We had NO view, unless you like a builing and alley. However the location is very convenient to THE mile, Hard Rock, ESPN, the Red line etc. We got a fairly decent rate (in comparison) on a site recommended to us, which was similar to price line. Bout $120 total I think. On a Sat. night too. I would recommend the place. Good luck.	
Jun 7 2006	Pleasant Stay With Minor Problems	This hotel deserves to be in the Top 20 for all hotels in Chicago. It is comfortable, with appropriate amenities (whirlpool, dry sauna, small workout room, free breakfast). I stay here about 5 times a year when visiting Chicago. The staff are helpful and friendly but not overly solicitious (which is good in my book), the hotel is nicely decorated in the deco style and the rooms are smallish but easy to maneuver around - bathrooms are perfectly adequate with stocked amenities. I have noticed more and more families are staying here, and the breakfast room is a freak show of children at certain hours of the morning with Cheerios and Bananas all over the place, but on the whole it is a pleasant stay and very nicely situated downtown. This used to be a nice hotel for business and European travelers, but word has gotten out, prices have gone up, and you see many more &quot;t-shirt and white socks&quot; tourists with small children. Be forewarned if you mean to check in at 3 pm as it is crawling with tourists needing lots of advice from staff about where to go, what to do, where is the bus, where is the Red Line El (hint: around the corner at State St. to your left past Weber Grill). But hey, its a Comfort Inn, so it is what it is. Still, a good place to stay. Rooms are quiet. Beds could have a better thread count for the sheets considering the price of the room (which are crawling higher even during the slow seasons). My only real complaint is that the front desk staff (during my stay at least) are clueless to their internet service. Above the 3rd floor, the hotel is not wireless, which I would HIGHLY recommend to this hotel. I plugged in my computer and know how to handle settings (disable wireless, use LAN connections, etc.) and the hotel staff kept telling me it was my computer when I knew the problem was their connection (or lack thereof).When I called tech support, they told me the hotel indeed needed to reset their internet server, which no one knew how to do at the hotel, so the &quot;free internet&quot; didn't count this last trip. I moved over to the Palmer House for another stay later that week and plugged right in (they are also not wireless and charge 9.95 per 24 hours) and was immediately on the net. But then that is comparing apples to oranges - the Palmer House has its own I.T. staff. So for what its worth, a good hotel which is changing over to a more touristy spot.	
May 8 2006	Fabulous!	Went for a &quot;girls' weekend&quot;; 7 of us stayed at the Comfort Inn. We had 3 rooms with 2 double beds, and one room with 1 queen bed. It was WONDERFUL. Everything was new, clean, contemporary. Our room had a fridge, coffee maker, microwave, wet bar, safe, hairdryer, two phones, CD player, and plenty of fluffy towels. Beds were comfy. Climate control worked great, and shower spray was nice and strong. Staff was excellent! Great customer service from everyone we encountered. Excellent continental breakfast (expanded) and coffee and tea available 24 hours a day. PERFECT location. Some of the complaints I read on Tripadvisor about rooms being too small ... our rooms with 2 double beds were quite large. The room with 1 queen bed was certainly smaller ... but I think you get what you pay for. There was some noise because our room was close to a parking structure (car alarms, etc.), but you gotta expect that when you're staying in a big city. Bring your foam earplugs and you'll sleep comfy and cozy like a baby. I travel extensively and this was an above-average hotel stay!	
Mar 21 2006 	Tiny and noisy	First the pros: in the city center with many dinner options around (Rush str., Weber's Grill, Starbucks just around the corner), the breakfast buffet was monotonous but ok. Several breads, donuts, coffee, milk, juices but everything on plastic plates. Very clean.Cons: tiny! And I say that being European. The rooms in this hotel are little cages. Suffocating atmosphere reinforced by the view from our window (see pix). The room hardly fitted me and my suitcase. Noisy! Terribly! The door of our room did not close well-and I mean the door giving to the corridor so we had to wake up the entire night (every night!) from the voices of other people coming in their rooms. Very unpleasant. The Internet did NOT work and noone cared. Basically the front desk staff couldn't care less about the guests. Unfriendliness behaviour which shocked me given how wonderful Chicagoeans are. So if you travel for business, you'd better forget about this hotel or be prepared to have a not working Internet and noone willing to fix the problem. Not sure if I will stay there again unless I cant find anything more decent at a similar prce in the city.	
Mar 14 2006	Almost Perfect Hotel	Fabulous hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Chicago - fantastic city - and the hotel contributed to our experience. Great room, good bed, perfect night's sleep (couldn't hear any noise, but then again, we were so tired from a full day's entertainment in the city), great service. Only caveat is the parking. They need to tell ALL guests that if they're driving, make sure to park in the loading zone in front of the hotel, pick up a transponder and park in the Nordstrom parking garage (connected to the hotel). Guests then need to exit the garage BEFORE checking out, park in the same loading zone in front, drop off transponder at the same time as check-out. This wasn't made clear when booking and would have saved some confusion. That said, it's a v. minor issue. I read the reviews here and figured it would be a little confusing, but wasn't sure how. Even if you drive to the garage without the transponder, you can still pick it up at the hotel at check in and just show it to the attendant on the way out, before checking out. Apart from this, fantastic stay. Would definitely come here again AND recommend to everyone I know, esp. considering extortionate prices of other Chicago hotels.	
Jan 24 2006	Nice place	I stayed here with my husband for the new year. Arrived on the 26.12.05 and stayed for 6 days. We booked a double room. We had 2 double beds, microwave, sink, tea and coffee making facilities in room which was great and a large bathroom. We made use of the in-room(payable)movies most nights. The hotel is in a good location - walking distance to all areas. We walked from the hotel to the aquarium but it is easier and quicker to take the metro. Walking took about 45 minutes but the metro took 15 mins. Metro is located just around the corner from this hotel. Breakfast is continental - bread, cereal, scones etc..but you can go down and grap what you want and bring it back to your room as the eating area is not very big - only about 5 table and chairs. There is a great food shop across the road, so you can pick up anything you need there, they have a great selection of sushi. On the other side of the road is the Red Lobester Restaurant and a great littel blues club - can't remember the name but it is tiny and they play good music. This hotel is by no means the fanciest hotel I have stayed in but it has everything you will need from a hotel and it is great value for the price!!	
Nov 30 2005	Clean hotel. Very helpful staff	I booked our room at the comfort Inn directly through their website. It was my first time in Chicago, and we were looking forward to hitting the Thanksgiving sales.After a long and boring flight from the UK, we arrived at the hotel early. However the staff at the front desk managed to find us a room that was ready.We had a slight mix up at check in over the price of the room, but Tim managed to sort it out straight away. We booked a magifecent double, and compared to UK hotels it was huge. It was lovely and clean, warm and welcoming. We had a coffee maker and microwave, (which came in very handy, as we arrived on Thanksgiving and all the restuarants were closed.There is also tea and coffee available at no extra cost 24 hours a day from the breakfast area on the 2nd floorThe hotel is the perfect base for entertainment and shopping.Starbucks one one corner, Bed bath and beyond and Jewel Osco on the opposite corner, Walgreens a couple of blocks away.Michigan ave and State street a few minutes walk.Just around the corner is the free Navy Pier trolley stop, and the CTA Red Line.I needed some bus and train information, because I had not taken my laptop I wasn't quite sure how to find the information I needed, the staff were more than happy to print me off some schedules from the PC'S at the front desk.All in all we had a lovely stay and would recommend the hotel to everyone. If I go back to Chicago again, this will be my number one choice	
Nov 20 2005	Clean but tiny!	I have stayed at many choice hotels in the past and I would have to say that I was disappointed in this one. The location is great! We only stayed one night as we were in Chicago to see a taping of the Oprah Winfrey Show. We got in about 10:30 at night and checked out at 6:40 the next morning so we spent very little time in the room. The room was one queen size bed and the room was not much wider than the bed. I have only seen rooms this tiny in Europe. I tried to book directly through the hotel but they would not take a reservation for only one night. I believe there was a convention or something. Therefore I booked through another website (ratestogo). It was the best deal I could find for the Magnicifient Mile in Chicago for that date. I believe the total came to $108 plus taxes. We parked in the recommended garage at $21 a night. However, you can only leave your car there until 12:00 noon the day of checkout. The guy working behind the counter let us leave our vehicle in the garage until 3 so we could shop a little after the taping and gave a different transponder to get the car out. You have to go outside the hotel to get to the garage. There was a tv in the room with cable but the picture was not even watchable. Since we were only there a few hours, it was not a big issue but was disappointing nonetheless. There is a continental breakfast served each morning starting at 7 am. Since we had to be at Harpo Studios by 7 a.m. (about $10 cab ride including tip from this hotel), I wasn't sure they would have anything set up. The gentleman in charge of breakfast had starting setting it up and my friend, myself and a business traveller were able to grab something to eat (muffins) but the beverages were not yet set out. I had previously stayed at the Raphael in March as it was cheaper but their parking (valet) is more expensive at $38. If I had it to do over again, I would stay at the Raphael, because the valet parking was worth it. The person I travelled with uses a motorized scooter and the valet parking would have been more convenient and the overall price would have been a couple of dollars cheaper. The Comfort Inn is in much better condition. than the Raphael as it has been recently remodeled and is very clean and also has a pool which I did not see. However, we had a much larger room and two double beds at the Raphael which made it more comfortable.	
Oct 22 2005	Highly recommended!	We stayed for the second time at the Comfort Inn in August 05. This time we upgraded to a king which was much more spacious than the queen room we had stayed in the previous time. As before, everything was clean, updated and contemporary. The room was very comfortable and quiet, and staff was helpful. The continental breakfast was a definite bonus since we could eat on our way out in the morning and not have to worry about eating that meal out. The location is terrific - between State St. and Michigan Ave. - and close to the subway stop too. I have no complaints whatsoever, and the price is great for downtown Chicago and the added amenities of a jacuzzi and breakfast. Terrific stay all around.	
Oct 2 2005	Great Location! Very nice but...	I can not say nothing negative about the hotel itself, very clean. It was in an excellent area - close to everything. We ate at the Weber Grill just around the corner, walking distance, and the food was excellent. However I was very upset about my request for no smoking rooms, we booked 2, one for us and one for my mother in law, and I was told that they only had one available when we checked in. I had taken the time to call the day before to confirm everything and I was very very upset that the staff didn't appear to understand that smoking rooms for asthmatics is a no no. I would stay there again but I'd call every day prior to my stay and write down names of who I talked to about my request of a no smoking room.	
Aug 30 2005	Affordable hotel/excellent location	Location and apparent thorough recent renvovation makes this an excellent choice. The rooms, while not large, are huge by Euro standards. Everything appears new and sparkling. Breakfast, which is included, is well above average. This hotel will definitely be one of my choices when staying in ChicagoLDF	
Aug 17 2005	Great value great location	This is a reasonably priced hotel with a great location. Its within 2 blocks of subway, great family restaurants and Michigan Avenue. Almost everything downtown is within walking distance. No need to rent a car if you are staying here. Good continental breakfast. Safes in room, fast elevators. Adequate hot tub, sauna and workout room. Friendly staff also.	
Aug 7 2005	Great Location!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in May, 2005 and we were immediately upgraded upon arrival. For a reasonable price, we had a very comfortable suite and the maid's service was exceptional. The reception staff were pleasant and helpful. From E. Ohio, you could just about walk to everything, including the California Pizza Kitchen. We bought a transport pass and used it occasionally on &quot;The EL' and buses. For its location and price, the deal was very attractive.	
Aug 3 2005	Real Convenient	In the middle of everything. Price is reasonable. Nice hotel, great room for a family of five (separate room with a pullout couch), with free breakfast. Really in need of getting more shelf room in the bathroom and a few stains on the carpets. Parking is not real convenient. Accomodating staff. Nicely refurbished building. Otherwise, a great value for the area and I would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2005	Very nice	Rooms were small, but clean and comfortable. The maid service was excellent, even folding clothes left hanging on the shower rod to dry. The breakfast nook was nice. Staff was friendly. Good Value.	
Jul 21 2005	Excellent Downtown Option	We stayed 4 nights July 16-20. 2 adults and 3 children ages 12-17. Very pleasant stay and very pleased with the entire experience. The high ratings are well deserved. I would stay here again.Location: Outstanding! Many great restaurants and attractions are within easy walking distance. We enjoyed Webers Grill, Pizzeria Uno, and Lawreys all within a block or two. Numerous other options available as well. Michigan Avenue and shopping very close. Close to transit service options. Hotel: Excellent. It was very clean, fresh art-deco styling. Parking garage $21/day with transponder to allow in/out access as desired. Room: Excellent. We stayed in a &quot;magnificent double&quot;. The room had a wet bar, microwave, refrigerator, internet access (not wireless though), safe, coffee maker, iron, nice radio/CD/alarm. It was spacious for a non-suite room. Room for a roll-away bed, which was quite comfortable, not the typical bar-in-the-back style. The double beds were of satisfactory Serta quality. They were generous with their pillows which I found refreshing. The room was very clean and nicely lit. Our room was in the back of the building, which afforded no view at all, but was very quiet and free of street noise and lights.Amenities: Very good. The complimentary continental breakfasts were very nice, food was fresh. Coffee/tea available all the time. Fitness center is onsite, but we did not have time to utilize this. Sauna and whirlpool. No pool.Staff: Excellent. All were very friendly and helpul. They all seemed to smile. Some went out of their way to be of assistance without expecting anything in return. The few times we needed something (roll-away, extra towels, Yellowbook), someone brought them to our room within moments, no wait at all, the fastest service I've seen at any hotel ever.Price: Excellent. It is one of the least expensive options downtown, yet provides accomodations and service that could rival the much more expensive options. Negatives: very few. The air conditioning was weak, but then again it was around 96F every day. No view (but very quiet). A little hard to see the hotel sign from a distance (hotel is on the right side of this one way street).This is not an extravagant hotel, which makes it a very cost effective option. Those desiring a fancy hotel with extensive amenities would be disappointed. The service rivaled even the most expensive hotels I've stayed in. Those like us, looking for reasonable accomodations and a base from which to explore the attractions available in Chicago should be very pleased.	
Jun 20 2005	Location Location Location!!	We had a wonderful stay at the Comfort Inn &amp; Suites on Ohio St. in May 2005 for 4 days.One block from the El, 1/2 block from the Weber Grill Restaurant, on the line for the Pier Shuttle.The breakfast was excellent and lots of options available.Front desk was very helpfulWe never needed a taxi and toured everything.A great city and a very accomodating hotel.	
Jun 5 2005	Excellent	Stayed here May 24th - 30th and what a very pleasent stay it was.As other people have said a lot of the sites were within walking distance.I brought a $20 transit card and did not use it!I loved the Navy Pier and if you are looking for an alternative way of getting down to soldier feild and the feild museums then go by water taxi from the pier, $12 round trip and some good photo's to be taken from the boat of the skyline of Chicago.The staff were very freindly and helpfullIf a light sleeper then maybe a higher floor and non street side might be better for you than my 5th floor street side (that did not bother me).Plenty of choice of what to eat from Mcdonalds to restaurants all within 5 -15 minute walk.I plan on going back to Chicago and will book here again.A very clean hotel in a superb location.	
Jun 1 2005	Location location location!	The hotel is situated smack in the heart of Chicago. I was within walking distance of nearly half of my itinerary. The number of first-rate restaurants nearby actually made choosing tough, and the wide variety of cuisine was as expected for this diverse city. And the shopping! Everything name-brand is right there!Inside the hotel, I found an eager staff running a tight ship. Checking in and out was seamless and professional, the breakfast offering had everything I looked for, and the accomidations were superb. All in all, a delightfully modern hotel!	
May 29 2005 	Excellent Location	Stayed at the Comfort Inn for a couple of nights in February. The location is absolutely great - close to everything, shopping, restaurants, etc. My room was very clean, hotel staff were very friendly! Complimentary breakfast offered many different varieties and was fresh. If I am ever back in Chicago, I will definetly stay there again.	
May 3 2005	pretty good	We stayed here April 29 and 30th. This hotel is in a great location. The rooms are small but very clean. The breakfast was nice. The girl working the front desk was rude when we checked in. For the price, I'd recommend staying here and I would go back.	
May 1 2005 	Nice clean Comfort Downtown	Just returned from an excellent 3 day stay at this hotel. A previous reservation to another downtown Suites establishment was cancelled after reading their reviews. Found a good rate here ($109) through the Chicago CVB (877chicago). Lobby and breakfast area are very small, but adequate; front desk staff appeared to be big-town-stuffy. Asked for a room with a view upon checkin, ended up on the 13th floor with 2 windows, but not much view. Room was exceptionally clean!! Very quiet place to be in the middle of a big city. Breakfast was above average. Location was prime with only 1/2 block to subway, 2 blocks to Michigan Avenue and several good restaurants within a block: Weber's Grill, ESPN Zone, California Pizza Kitchen, Big Bowl, Rock Bottom Brewery, etc. Also ventured 5 blocks west to find several more noteworthy restaurants, including Gino's East (excellent deep dish pizza). I'd recommend not driving here and paying the high parking rates downtown -- I traveled everywhere I wanted to go via the CTA (Wrigley Field, Sears Tower, US Cellular Field, and other Chicago destinations). 5 day unlimited pass was only $18. I'll come back to the Comfort.	
Apr 11 2005	Front desk service needs improvement	We just returned from a trip to Chicago and stayed 3 nights at this hotel. It was difficult to find the hotel at first because the sign was hidden by other much larger signs in the area.Overall, it was very nice, clean and it was within walking distance to Michigan Ave, the Art institute and a number of great restaurants. We had no problems with the size of the room or the breakfast. For the price, it was great.What left us with a sour note was the parking issues. The front desk gave us a transponder to use with in/out priveleges at a daily discount rate. I thought this was great until I tried getting in. The transponder didn't work so I grabbed a ticket and told the front desk of the problem. They said I wasn't using it properly and they weren't very helpful(ie. they weren't willing to change the transponder). The next time I tried, I couldn't get the car out but someone was there to help open the gate. I also had problems getting the car back in so I talked to the front desk again(same two people). Once again, they weren't willing to exchange the transponder with another one. After some frustrating moments, we left the car in the garage until we checked out. This time, the garage security pulled me aside(because the gate wouldn't open) and I had to wait until they checked their computer records. After about 5-10 minutes and explaining that I wasn't a &quot;negligent&quot; monthly holder but was a visitor, I was allowed to go.Anyhow, if you don't drive, you will not have a problem with your stay.	
Mar 18 2005	Friendly and Clean!	My husband and I stayed here March 10-13, 2005 and were very happy with this hotel. We were able to get the best price directly from the hotel's website. The hotel was such a great surprise for the price we paid. I think it's one of the few near Michigan Ave to offer a free continental breakfast. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The rooms were small but nice and clean. Sheets were soft and the queen bed had five pillows! Although I think some rooms look into a brick wall, our room had a street view, where we could see Bloomingdale's Home Store and one of many Starbucks. The hot tub was a nice break from a cold and snowy day. Make sure to catch the FREE Navy Pier Trolley in front of the Rock Bottom Brewery just a couple blocks away. We would definately stay here again!	
Mar 17 2005	Terrific Value Location and Atmosphere	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Downtown March '05. I decided to stay there after looking at numerous hotels in the loop and downtown area of Chicago because it seemed like a good price for a hotel in that area. This hotel definitely did not disappoint. The entire hotel was very nice, with up-to-date decor and furnishings throughout. Staff was professional and accomodating, and our room was clean and in great condition. Continental breakfast was adequate with bagels, danishes, muffins, oatmeal, cereal, french toast, fruit and drinks. For a hotel this well-kept in this area, the price is terrific too. My only complaint, if any, was that our room was smaller than anticipated and it looked over a parking garage. The hotel was located a block from the subway (red line) and perfectly situated in between Michigan Ave. and State St. I doubt there's a nicer hotel for a better price in the loop area. Also, we found the best price directly through the hotel's website rather than any of the travel sites.	
Mar 14 2005	What can I say -	We checked in February 11 at 1/3 of the price of another ritzy motel I had reserved but cancelled due to rudeness over the phone see review of hard rock -- we are choice priviledge members so we had complimentary suite upgrade. Heart of downtown we walked everywhere and everything seemed closeby. Clean, comfortable- for 4 solid days. When reserving your Chicago motel get a nice place to sleep for a very reasonable price - you won't spend any time in your motel! Helpful staff - Fridge/micro couple tv's 2 phones bdrm and sitting room nice bath comp breakfast european continental. Motel entry in exact middle of block. Each corner of your block sports outstanding food- Weber's Grill and Chicago's own Pizzaria Uno. I am telling you one can't do better than this motel for less money. Nice full size high power jaccuzzi tub at bsmt level with small equipped fitness center. Drug store/grocery 1/2 block walk from motel door. Oh yea - had another reservation for sunday-monday at the park hyatt for 3 times the money also and AGAIN cancelled res and did not move to the other motel for the last two days. Very nice I'm sure but we grew attached to this home away from home. So cancel your res at the pricey joint and give these guys a shot.	
Feb 14 2005	Clean Great Location Easy Parking - Would Stay Again	We just got back from Chicago this weekend (2/11-2/13 of 2005) and we chose to stay here. Got a rate of $103/night off of Orbitz. We had a queen room, kind of small - but well kept and clean. Free high speed internet was a bonus - just make sure to bring a cat 5 cable, as I thought it would be wireless - so had to rent one for $2 per day from the front desk - no big deal. Weber Grill breakfast buffet was so-so, (tried it after seeing it recommened in other reviews on tripadvisor) - it's better when you make them make stuff fresh from the grill - then it was worth it. Make sure to park in the lot just N of the hotel (big green Parking sign) - $16/night and then $10 after that. It was great - easy location to both the CTA buses and the L. Anyway - to sum it all up - I would stay here again, no doubt, and this was our first time to Chicago as well - so no jaded review here about it not being a 5 star hotel - just needed a good place to stay and this did it. 	
Nov 5 2004	Very Convenient Location	My boyfriend and I opted to stay here for a recent weekend trip to see the Chicago Bears. This hotel is Excellent. This is the kind of hotel you can stay at and park your car easilly in the parking garage right next door and then wander on foot towards Michigan Ave and bask in shops and sites readilly available. The location was the best part, we had our car when we needed it, plenty of walkable sights to get to, and plenty of taxis to catch right outside the lobby. The rooms themselves were very nice too. Although small, it was perfect, be aware there is not much of a view from this hotel, we were on the 15th floor and overlooked brick windows, but it didn't matter to us, we were there to enjoy the city. The bed was very comfortable, the room was quiet, the lighting and decor was contemporary and beautiful. One minor problem was the shower the first day had very little water pressure and little hot water, I thought we would just have to deal with it, but by the next day the water pressure was up and there was plenty of hot water. The breakfast was perfect too, extremely nice decor there and wide selection. We would definately stay here again. Price was good, location fabulous, friendly staff, and all in all a very wonderful hotel experience here. (The Big Bowl restaurant just across the street was very affordable and Excellent too.) A great chicago hotel experience.	
Oct 13 2004	Comfort Inn a great value	Highly recommend the Comfort Inn, Chicago..small, European style hotel with updated amenities and ample breakfast. Location being everything, you have the best here..Can walk to Lincoln Park or south to the Field Museum and east to Navy Pier. Discounted parking next door.	
Oct 6 2004	Great location	Stayed in the Comfort Inn in September 2004 for a few days. Hotel was in a great location, right by North Michigan Avenue (&quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; - tourist area with expensive designer shops, etc.) and within walking distance of the shops on State Street (more like proper Chicago with realistic shopping -Filene's Basement that sells end of season designer clothes at up to 50% discount is a must!!). The hotel and rooms were clean and tidy. The room was small but well appointed and clean with an ironing board, iron and a well kitted bathroom - fantastically comfortable bed with plenty of pillows!!!. No view from the window apart from the wall of the adjacent building!!Breakfast was a little disappointing with Bagles, soft cheese &amp; pastries and the restaurant area got quite busy at times with no place left to sit.	
Oct 5 2004	Enjoyed the Comfort Inn on Ohio	We are frequent visitors to Downtown Chicago and have most recently, Sept 29-Oct 1, stayed at the Comfort Inn. It was very comfortable, clean, and offered an excellent continental style breakfast that was kept well stocked. The staff was friendly and and quite helpful with our questions. Location is good for CTA and free trolleys during the season they run. Navy Pier free trolley runs year around.	
Oct 4 2004	Great choice!	This hotel has a great location - 1 block from the subway(Grand Ave. &amp; State) and two blocks from Michigan Ave. shopping. The room was compact but everything was new and clean. 'Would definately stay here again.	
Oct 4 2004	Great price and great location	Stayed here 10/1-3. Can't beat the price and the location. Right next to the Red Line CTA, few blocks from Magnificent Mile and restaurants etc. Room was small as to be expected in city hotel, but quiet, clean and everything was new. Bathroom was nice. Staff very helpful and good breakfast fare at the complimentary continental buffet. Free high speed internet is also a bonus.	
Sep 21 2004	Outstanding Value in Chicago	My wife &amp; I checked in Aug 29 for 5 nights Stayed in the queen bed room Brand new everything &amp; very clean Like it had just been refurbished yesterday Lots of amenities Wonderful continental breakfast Employees extremely courteous and helpful All for just over $75 plus tax/fees from Hotel.	
Sep 9 2004	Just What We Were Looking For	This hotel was great for the price! If cleanliness is a big deal to you, like us, this hotel is great. I was very pleased with the bathroom and the room. The room was a little small, if you dont mind that. I recommend a room with a veiw otherwise you get a nice view of a building wall with bird droppings on all the window sills with not much sunlight coming through. This hotel is in a great location, walking distance to everything, good restaurants, shopping, a local market... if your there to see the Bears or the Cubs transportation is just minutes away. We would definatly stay here again. The continental breakfast is great too!!!	
Sep 2 2004	Great Location 	Just returned from a four night stay at the Comfort Inn. It's one of the very best of the Choice Hotel chain. We had a one bedroom suite with a view, and were minutes away from the free trolleys and the transit system trains. Would we stay there again?? Yes!	
Sep 1 2004	Great room great location great price		
Aug 28 2004	Absolutely fabulous!		
Aug 3 2004	Yes stay here!		
Jul 13 2004	Loved this place - July 9 		
Jul 12 2004	Enjoyed the Comfort Inn		
Jun 30 2004 	Very nice stay. We will be back.		
May 12 2004	Nice Rooms Great Price Best Location!		
May 5 2004	Best Deal in Chicago		
Feb 18 2004	Great locale		
Oct 6 2003	we'll return		
Nov 5 2009 	Nicht noch einmal		
Oct 19 2009	Le calme absolu		
Oct 8 2009 	Ottima posizione e buon prezzo !		
Sep 24 2009 	Un hotel bien ubicado y muy confortable		
Sep 6 2009 	Tolle Lage tolles Hotel"		
Aug 23 2009 	Lo consiglio		
Aug 2 2009 	Hotel bien placé de bon confort		
Jul 27 2009 	Sweet home Chicago!		
Mar 27 2009	Gute Lage - fairer Preis...		
Mar 22 2009 	Excellente situation chambres très confortables petit dej super !		
Nov 3 2008 	Aceptable		
