	Hotel is going through hard times	I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about &quot;24 hour dining.&quot; That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in.I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.	
	Great Hotel!	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel- it was in a great location near Millennium Park. We were in walking distance to several wonderful restaurants, Navy Pier, the museums, and several other sites! The hotel was nice and roomy and had wonderful amenities. Also, the concierges were extremely helpful and provided us with some wonderful directions and suggestions for restaurants. I look forward to coming back to this hotel someday!	
Nov 12 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	Stayed 3 nights in early November for a girlfriend trip! Booked a suite and had incredible views. I don't think the beds are as comfortable as Westins..etc. Check in was fast and easy. I found ALL the staff to be super friendly! We were on the 21st floor...two bedded suite with a nice bathroom. Our room was quiet. I used the Fairmont Fit program and enjoyed that. I wouldn't recommend the Aveda kit....not worth the $10 they charge. DIning. We dined outside the hotel. We luved the Chicago Chop House. Huge portions and we brought our own wine from California...$20 corkage fee. Mike Ditka's had a great fall menu...very busy restaurant. Won't go back to Restaurant on the 95th at Sears Tower....not that great of food. LOVED the brunch at David Burke's. $35 and a 2 1/2 hour meal! Amazing and fun! We had a tour of the meat locker and that was interesting. Went to the Redhead piano bar. Go early to sit at piano. VERY busy after 8:30 PM. Saw a play down in the theater district. Had drinks at the Hard Rock Hotel....cucumber vodka drink....yummy! Took the Wendella river and lake cruise....$23. Very interesting and glad we did it. Next time will hit the Marshall Fields museum. Shopping is huge! BIggest hits were at Bloomies and Marshalls.	
Nov 9 2009 	Fairmont convenient location but nicklel-dimes you	Unrealistic that in this day and age you have to pay $14.95 a day for internet service in your room. (Also have to pay $10 a day to use the gym.) Restaurants in the hotel are really overpriced. Room was nice and the location is convenient, but for the price, they don't have to be so stingy!	
Nov 4 2009 	Exceeded my expectations!!!	I recently stayed at the Fairmont in Chicago. I got a great deal on Priceline so I was a little worried what the room would be like. It was beautiful and big. The hotel appears to have been recently renovated. I loved the shower which had one of those big rainfall shower heads. The neighborhood was also nice because it is near the Marshall Fields (now Macys?) and that shopping area. My room had an amazing view too.I would definitely go back.	
Nov 3 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great location, beautiful hotel, although desk staff not exactly the friendliest initially. 	
Nov 1 2009 	Not quite what I expect from a Fairmont	Finished a 3-nighter at the Chicago Fairmont about a week ago.Overall, the experience was okay. Unless I need the stay credit, I don't think I'll stay at this hotel next time I go to Chicago.Drive-up:Taxi pulled up to the hotel. No doorman in sight. It was 3 pm. Perhaps all occupied with other guests. Don't know. Good thing I only had the one carry-on.Check-in:Line-up was not very long, but it took a while. No check-in packet was prepared ahead of time with my info, etc. on it. First time I experienced this at a Fairmont. Person was pleasant enough, though.Room:Used an upgrade coupon and supposed got an upgraded view room. Well, the view was still primarily the building next door, though I did catch a glimpse of the park.Furnishing looked fresh and new. Maybe a bit too &quot;new,&quot; in the sense that it doesn't have the typical Fairmont flaire, but felt more like the normal upscale business hotel. Like perhaps a nicer version of a Westin.Pretty small room, though. Checked the floor map thing on the door, and it seemed to me that this FPC Plt was in one of the smaller rooms on the floor. Well, I was alone, so it's not that big a deal. But certainly the upgrade cert was wasted.Never was offered a further upgrade (not even for money), electronic or otherwise.Bathroom was good-sized. Surprisingly, not even mouthwash in the room. That's a first for me too.Housekeepers are friendly and nice.Coffeemaker is the Nespresso thing. Pretty cool. Large flat screen tv, probably too large, considering how small the room itself was.Closet was absolutely TINY.The Lobby Bar:Indifferent service. Very indifferent service.Breakfast at Aria's:Greeted with great apathy. But waiter was fine. Food was okay. Not great, but it's only pancakes and stuff. Never mind. I think I'd rather go to the Hyatt next door and pig out for the same price.Overall, not a bad experience. But really, there was a reason why I switched from a lot of business class hotel chains to Fairmont. The Chicago Fairmont would not justify such a switch in my mind. It's all about expectations, I suppose. Properties like San Francisco, Washington, heck, even the old Frontenacs and Chateau Lauriers, they have a certain character. This is greatly lacking in Chicago.	
Oct 28 2009 	Rice Paper Thin Walls-May be my last time at a Fairmont	We have a tradition of visiting an American city every year that we haven't been to before. Last year, it was Washington D.C., which was AMAZING. This year, we picked Chicago, and it was a bit of a letdown. It did have a little to do with staying at the Fairmont. My inner voice said Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton, but my little heart said give Fairmont another try since they have such a great loyalty program. The exterior of the hotel is very impressive, with it's tall buildings and amazing views of the lake and city. Location was a little inconvenient, so we did end up taking a lot of taxis, especially for dinner. About a 15 minute walk to Michigan Ave, where the shopping is truly to die for. Navy Pier about a 10 minute walk. Check-in was brusque, a bit too sterile. However, I'm glad to say that we were given a very high floor room (two floors from the top) with picturesque views and the elusive King bed. Toiletries were the Fairmont standard Miller Harris stuff, shampoo, conditioner, soap and lotion. Bathroom huge, marble, walk in shower and separate tub. Comfortable bed and linens, overall very clean. Did call and ask about a DVD player for the room, and the charge was $150 for 4 days? That didn't sound right. Breakfast at Aria was fantastic, didn't order the buffet but did order off the menu and selection was great, price was cheaper than I've experienced. Our waitress at breakfast was for sure one of the sweetest people I've met on my travels, her name was Loli or something like that. She really brightened up our day. Went to quite a few famous places for dinner, not impressed with this &quot;Foodie's City.&quot; Quite disliked Moto, dropped $600 and found the food to be different, even innovative but quality, presentation, taste was even downright hideous for some dishes, chef must have been heavy-handed with the salt this particular evening, anyway it just didn't live up to the hype. Ironic that Aria, the restaurant in the hotel, was even better for dinner. Service was good, food was excellent! Would recommend one dinner here early in your stay in case it should be repeated for lack of a better choice. One of my favorite things about staying at a Fairmont and if you are a President's Member, which is FREE by the way, is the complimentary use of the gym. Gyms at the Fairmont are typically huge, and connected to a spa. Which means you have access to a steam room, sauna, showers and great amenities. I spent most of my getting ready time here after a workout. Their gym is a little on the smaller side, with an aerobics/yoga room. Approximately 3 treadmills, 3 Precor machines, 4 bikes, a few weight lifting machines and a row of dumbbells. Not to worry, there was never more than 2-3 other people using at the same time as you throughout the day. The biggest complaint I have about this place are the room walls. There may as well not be any. Someone just shuffling above you, you can hear it. Toilet flushes in any room nearby, you hear it. The ice machine is down the hall, like all the way down the hall, and you hear it. Earplugs are a MUST if you stay here. However, those coveted earplugs would not have worked our last night at this Old Dame. Not 1, not 2, but THREE weddings on one night. Besides the obvious, what the heck? You would think they would put aside 1...maybe 2 floors for non-wedding guests. You know, so you can get a good night's rest. Regardless of everything, I would never come back to this hotel if I ever return to Chicago in this lifetime.	
Oct 17 2009 	Could hear noise in hallway	This hotel is absolutely gorgeous. The rooms are just beautiful - large &amp; modern with a fabulous bathroom. However, a few nights I got woken up by some early risers in the hallway. Also, I expected a little more friendliness from the staff - check-in seemed terse. Otherwise, the location was great; although I wish we were closer to the restaurants on the other side of the river. I'm not recommending this hotel because in a big city in Chicago there must be better 4 star hotels.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fantastic	Great Hotel, Good location. check in smooth, hotel lobby just right level of ambience. Rooms very large for Chicago, nice flat screen LG TV, shower and Bath. Great views of the Lake.	
Oct 10 2009 	Disappointing	We were disappointed with this hotel. The staff seems hurried and unhelpful. Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests. The blower in the hallway blew freezing air, but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it. The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit. The room and bed was comfortable, but the cream and and modern art work are not our style. The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer. Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	Great location - near Michigan right off Wacker.Concierge was AWESOME! Very helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel in great location	Love the Fairmont. Luxury without the pretensiousness. Great rooms, Great restaurant called Aria.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful but not for families with young children	We LOVED our room at The Fairmont. Staff members were wonderful, but it was not comfortable for a family with two young children. Lots of cream color furniture!	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent stay at the Fairmont	I spent a Saturday night at the Fairmont with 3 other friends (mid/late-20s), and all 4 of us thoroughly enjoyed the stay. We had paid very cheap internet-only rates for each of our two rooms (which made it all the more enjoyable), but I suspect we would still have been happy if we had paid full price.The front desk were courteous and were happy to place us in adjoining rooms - each of which was well furnished with a large HD tv, couch, and elegant bathroom. My only minor complaint was the charge to use the internet, which I think is ridiculous for a 4-5* hotel (but seemingly most other hotels do this too). The staff at the hotel's sushi bar (where we had drinks but not food) were incredibly nice, as was the concierge who got us into priority seating at Ginos East Pizza. I would thoroughly recommend the Fairmont	
Sep 19 2009 	Loved the hotel	We recently stayed here for one night, which was not enough time...The hotel parking was a little tricky for us to find, and we ended up at a self park next door which was a bit cheaper anyway.The decor has a sleek and more modern look. Every employee that we encountered was very friendly and helpful. Check in was fast, and they gave us a corner room on a high floor, which had really nice views: you could see a little bit of the river out one window, and the lake out the other side. The room was really very spacious for a downtown hotel. Good location, within walking distance to shopping, restaurants, HOB, the park. The only negative was that we could only get a room with 2 double beds, not a king. But, I was aware of that when I booked it, I was just hoping to get lucky when we checked in.I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend this hotel.We did not eat here this time, but I would like to come back and give Aria a try.	
Sep 12 2009 	Mod and Spacious - Great place to explore the city from	This hotel was beautiful -- I loved the shimmery mod reception and our room which had a king sized bed and was really spacious with a seating area. Also, it looks as if the place has been recently redone. The bathroom was immaculate with a separate tub from the shower that was big enough for 2. I thought the location was really great. Definitely within walking distance to lots of major attractions. The concierge staff here is great! They booked us in at a very posh and romantic Italian restaurant with a call 2 days before I arrived and were ready with excellent tips and booking help throughout our stay. Only downside to our stay was with 4 weddings at the hotel and the jazz fest that weekend, the hallways were a bit noisier than I would have liked in the wee hours. I booked though a Priceline name your own price and was very pleased with the outcome. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 4 2009 	Disappointed that this hotel failed to live up to brand expectations	Beautiful lobby. Bellmen never held doors or offered luggage assistance. Wireless internet doesn't work unless close to the elevator. Pool listed as an amenity is offsite so very inconvenient and additional charge despite premium nightly rates.Room quality varied greatly in size, layout and view. Large by NY standards but small for any other city I've visited. Paid a premium for quality that wasn't delivered. Not all rooms have fabulous views. Onsite menu options extremely limited for longer stays although exceptional quality. Some staff exceptionally accommodating while others were rude.Late checkout request accommodated and location walking distance to Millenium Park was a nice benefit.	
Aug 31 2009 	Lovely modern hotel...	I stayed here with my husband. While he was at a meeting, I checked in early and dropped off our bag. The lobby and the hotel rooms have a modern feel to them, bright interiors with a cool minimalist edge, unlike other Fairmont Hotels. Check in was fast and efficient. Our king room was on a high floor and was a nice size. The bathroom was large, very well designed with quality finishes.The hotel is very close Michigan Ave., the lake, Millennium Park, the Loop theaters and some great restaurants but is itself located on a very quiet street which is great for keeping noise levels down and does not have much traffic about especially at the weekend when local office building are closed.I left to meet my husband for dinner and we did not get back until quite late. We had a drink in the bar. The waitress was very pleasant, we hung out, enjoyed our drinks, listen to some good music and people watched... a few hipster types working overtime to look cool.... reminded us why we're so happy not to be in our twenties! We went to our room to find it turned down and chocolates on the pillow. The bed was very comfortable with down pillows, duvet, and very nice linens. We slept very well. Check out was a breeze	
Aug 30 2009 	Pleasant Stay Nice Room Poor Shower	My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for a 3-day wedding weekend trip. We had a deluxe room, which was only slightly nicer than the standard room our friends were in...nice view of Lake Michigan. We had recently signed up online (free) for FPC (Fairmont President's Club), which got us complimentary access to the fitness center / spa. The hotel and rooms are very nice, and the fitness center / locker rooms are gorgeous, but the biggest problem with the hotel are the showers, which to our understanding had been renovated in the last year. These are those rain shower head things that look pretty, and are probably pretty green friendly, but the pressure is just awful. I mean we are talking nearly impossible to get soap suds off of yourself. My solution in part was to use the fitness center showers, which were slightly better and had a handheld piece, but even these had mediocre pressure at best. Call me picky, but it is precisely the bathroom/shower that can differentiate a good hotel room from a not so good one.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fantastic stay...great location	My wife and I decided to get away for a night and we booked through Priceline. Great location convenient to Millennium Park and Navy Pier. I asked for a view of the park, and the friendly desk attendant advised that I would have to pay for an upgrade, but he'd see what he could do. He put us on the 31st floor with a lake view instead! Much better than my request indeed.The room was spotless, but with the minor irritation. The magnet that holds the shower door closed was missing, so the door was slightly ajar and a bit of water got on the floor.We will definitely stay again!	
Aug 23 2009 	Great view from our room but a few blocks from everything!	Nice room, warm welcome, nice bed, huge bathroom and shower area, clean, great view of Millenium Park down to Buckingham Fountain, Shedd Aquarium, etc.... (SOuth facing). Not overly spectacular. Good room service one night at about 11pm because no restaurants in the area were serving food that late. We were in Chicago for my partners birthday and I told the attendant on the phone who sent up a piece of cake with our room service. Very nice gesture.The hotel is a few blocks from Michigan Ave and the river although it felt like a miles away from any happening area. Seemed more business than tourist although if it wasn't as warm out as it was it would have been easily walkable to most places.Next trip will stay at N. Michigan Ave although not because the hotel is lacking in anything in particular but rather location, location, location.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good location helpful staff but a little shabby	Stayed here with my husband and baby for a large meeting &amp; conference. The conference facilities were good and that end of the trip was fine.We had a king room booked with a crib. On arrival we were given a double queen room, but they did change it for us when we pointed out the error. The hotel has had a recent refurbishment however there does seem to be quite a bit of wear and tear. This I think is due to not great housekeeping. The carpet in our room was dark brown with coloured stripes and it was not clean. It needed a good vacuuming. The bathroom was large with an over the bath shower but the bath itself had worn at the bottom and didn't look very clean. We managed to blow the circuit in the room a few times, by having the tv on while blowdrying our hair !! We had a nice view over the roof garden of the Aqua building and out to Lake Michigan beyond that. The concierge service was very good and we had dinner out twice in restaurants they recommended which were very good. The restaurant in the hotel &quot;Aria&quot; is grossly overpriced. Our meal for two with a glass of wine came to almost $200.It is mainly asian fusion style. Anyone in our very large group who ate there said the same. Apparently the restaurant that was there before the refurbishment of the hotel was much better according to the other delegates that I spoke with. There are better hotels in Chicago. I much preferred the Marriott on the mile and the four points by Sheraton.	
Aug 17 2009 	Beautiful hotel poor management	We booked 2 rooms, one deluxe double and one suite, traveling with 4 adults, 2 teenagers and 1 child. The hotel is clean and well situated. The issues we had were inconvenient and annoying, and should not be issues when staying in a hotel of this caliber. We payed 231.00 and 271.00 per night before taxes so it was not cheap.. The suite had 2 tv's and no remotes, the phones did not work and the coffee station that was in the room had not been cleaned from the last guest and there were dirty cups and used coffee pods laying around. I have to say the front desk did take care of the situation pretty quickly once we complained. We blew circuits in both rooms a number of times. You cannot blowdry your hair while watching tv is what we found out, even when we left all the other lights and appliances off. The suite had a sofa bed which was not outfitteed with linens so that was another phone call. &quot;They brought us a comforter which, although nicely wrapped, smelled like mold or they had wrapped it in plastic while it was still wet. We asked for another and same thing so we gave up. Basically the hotel is well kept but the housekeeping staff is poorly supervised. The smell of a certain kind of smoke which may have been coming from the housekeeping closet was quite noticeable a number of times on our floor and it wasnt cigarettes. The concierge was very helpful and recommended one of the best Italian restaurants I have been to, Viaggio, not touristy or overly expensive but a delightful staff and amazing food. All in all I would say with the amount of hotels to choose from in the city with comparable prices, I would probably not return to the Fairmont, which is a shame because the location is perfect and the rooms are quite generous in size and quality. I should say that the front desk did remove $100,00 from our bill for the inconveniences but the Fairmont should really try to do better than the Days Inn. I was really surprised and disappointed because most of the other reviews here are quite good and that made my decision to stay at the &quot;Fairmont. Management would be wise to read these posts.	
Aug 16 2009 	Impressive hotel at a reasonable price	Stayed during the Lollapalooza music festival in Grant park, for which it is well positioned. I was suprised to find that my room was available at 9:30am, which was extremely convenient. Still, the young man at reception was somewhat arrogant and lacking in manners. The room was very clean and tastefully fitted. The bed was perhaps the most comfortable I have encountered, and I had three excellent nights of sleep with no noise from other guests at all. The bathroom was also very nice and featured one of those large rainfall shower heads.The hotel is easy to find, being located right behind the AON centre (the huge white skyscraper which has a similar design to the old world trade centre in New York). So despite being called the 'Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park', the hotel does not directly border the park.	
Aug 16 2009	Great Hotel!!	Enjoyed our stay. Concierge was very helpful and gave us great recommendations.Really enjoyed our room and it had a large luxorious bathroom.Close to all amenities.	
Aug 12 2009 	Nowhere near as good as the Fairmont Lake Louise but still a nice stay	We had a 3-day special for a suite, with was good for us with 2 toddlers to run around in. I've never been to Chicago before but I'm not sure it's a 5-star hotel, more of a good 4-star. Nevertheless the room was comfortable, large (suite) and what you'd expect from a quality brand. The bed was very comfy, we had two LCD TV's, one in the bedroom one in the lounge. Breakfasts were good (not included in package) but not as good as the Omni in San Francisco! The restaurant was quiet for breakfast probably due to the hotel's mainly business clients, and the front desk staff are a bit humourless at times - don't blame them! The Bell staff were very helpful though with our 12 tonnes of kiddy luggage! Two negatives now:- first the tap in the bathroom went dry and then sludge came out on our last morning - the hotel claimed that this was due to external factors beyond there control, but then again didn't feel it necessary to warn people. Luckily we had a second tap in the lounge, but other guests from normal sized rooms complained a lot and got upgraded. The A/C also switched off unexpectedly on our last morning - again ok for us as we were leaving anyway but others were annoyed. Second complaint - as we were heading off to the airport we were advised that we couldn't book a large taxi for all our stuff (very odd claim I thought), and one could simply be flagged down. Of course when it came to it, it took much longer than expected and then there was confusing between us and other guests as to who's taxi was who's. As we had lots of luggage we didn't mind giving up the smaller ones and wait for a larger one - all in all a bit of a shambles.I would consider staying here again but would definitely check out other 4 and 5 star hotels as well. Under normal circumstances this would be a good bet for a stay in Chicago - great location a few minutes from Millenium Park, near the lakeshore. For families, there's a pharmacy opposite as well for any essentials. Note the hotel staff also claim that due to the economic circumstances no room service is provided after 10pm - although the night staff were helpful in getting milk to us for the kids in the morning.	
Aug 8 2009 	Terrible service nice room great location terrible service ..	slowest wifi on the planet. literally. terrible room service food. HORRIBLE RESTAURANT EXP.	
Aug 7 2009 	Luxurious	Nice location, easy walking distance to Michigan Avenue, Navy Pier, and short cab ride to most other places. You are greeted by name by Torrey presiding over the front door. Efficient check-in and beautiful views of the lake, parks, and fountains. The separate shower and tub bathroom was wonderful. Heavenly beds!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Great luxury hotel with superb staff and eatery	We got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in Chicago on 7/24/09. We went thru Priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only $69 (normal rate was around $200). The room was superb on the 29th floor with a nice king bed. Hotel is only about 1.5 blocks to Michigan Ave so the location is very convenient. Parking is very expensive at $50 a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just $30. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere. We ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict. They were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn't expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast. Glad we didn't pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better. I highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your Chicago visit.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great hotel in good location	As we had come from a small bedroom in a hotel in NY the size of the room on arrival was amazing! Lovely bathroom, comfy bed, wide screen telly and the major plus was an nespresso machine in the room! The location is excellent, right by millennium park and can walk to main shopping area in about 10 minutes.Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the quality of the food but the lobby and general ambiance of the hotel was very cool. Helpful bell boy and concierge and generally staff were lovely.Only small complaint was a rather condensing and rude waiter in the wine bar but you cant have everything.Overall great and would definitely recommend to a friend.	
Aug 3 2009 	Underwhelming --- but great location.	The Good: The location is perfect! Walking distance to Navy Pier, Millenium Park, shopping on State St. and Michigan Ave---we even walked from the Union Station Amtrak station---it takes about 30 minutes, but w/ little luggage and lots to look at it--the time flies.The concierge service was really great. They gave us good recommendations of things to do in the area and great restaurants to try. The hotel itself, as stated in the title is underwhelming and a little dull. The lobby is drab, and the lounge/restaurant bars are barely occupied by patrons. The wine lounge only stayed open until 9-10pm on a Saturday night---and the bar lounge closed at midnight. We were out on the town anyway--so it didn't matter too much--but we were disappointed upon returning from our night out that we couldn't finish the evening w/ a night cap.The rooms were alright---good bed and bathroom, great view and awesome flat screen tv. The bad: The a/c barely worked--and we both woke up hot and ornary in the middle of the night. Also--not sure if the people above us were just heavy on their feet---but we could here them stomping around up there.Overall---the hotel was nice. Functional. I am super pickey when it comes to hotels and like a good atmosphere---which I did not find here. But given the short stay, it did not bother me too much---as we had a great time and saved money on taxi fare w/ the location.	
Jul 27 2009 	Best Stay in Chicago I've Ever Had!	Got a great promo rate, so went for the Fairmont. Absolutely LOVED the hotel. Very courteous, unpretentious service. I wasn't prepared for how friendly all of the staff were. The room was exquisite and I'll let my photos speak for themselves. Location was fantastic: walkable to Michigan Ave. and to Navy Pier. We used our car to venture out to dinner in Lincoln Park and Lakeview , two adjacent neighborhoods we hadn't seen before. I would recommend the Fairmont without hesitation. Prepare to be pampered.	
Jul 22 2009 	Near perfection	I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles!	
Jul 10 2009 	Extraordinary Staff	My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend of shopping and sightseeing. The staff was absolutely delightful, they went out of their way to see our stay was pleasant and our special requests were met. This was in addition to the clean comfortable rooms and a wonderful location. I recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a Chicago getaway.	
Jul 6 2009 	FAB-U-LOUS!	From the moment I stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began! I enjoyed every minute @ the fairmont! The King room was spacious and the decor chic! The coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge! I really like the separate shower, tub, and separate door for the toilet. The desserts and cheese spread at ENO so yummy. Before the fairmont the W hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at.	
Jun 24 2009 	A Great Stay	This hotel is really a nice location - just off Mil. Park and Grank Park - a few blocks from Lake Michigan and the marina area and just blocks from the theatre district and Michigan Avenue - probably the best location I have ever stayed in Chicago... moreso - QUIET little streets surround the hotel and the views are nice.The hotel is contemporary and the rooms are luxurious and large in size.The staff was wonderful and courteous.The one fallback is that the fitness / gym area is privately owned and costs 25.00 a day extra to use. :(There is a spa in the hotel with great services for men and women. Extra costs there too obviously.But overall... nice property and I should mention - VERY CLEAN!Parking is 45.00 a night. Fitness Center 25.00 a day WIFI Internet 15.00 Restaurant and bar $$$$	
Jun 21 2009 	Not worth the extra Cheddar!	Up For a Cubs weekend --we usually stay wherever Priceline can put us for $75 or so. That usually means the Hyatt, Drake, Wyndham Chicago, Burnham, Palmer House or Hilton Chicago. Since it was our anniversary and I was able to get a deluxe-view king for about $50 more under Fairmont's Friends and Family promotion (you need an employee id code to get rate--widely available on web)and since Fairmont is generally considered to be a Premium brand a cut above those listed above, we went for it. Pros = Beautiful facility. Our room's view was a knockout, Milennium Park. a slice of the lake, Field Museum and Soldier Field! Bathroom was cool--separate marble shower with huge &quot;rain&quot; showerhead and one of those big round backlit magnifying mirrors that lets you see zits and blackheads at about 10x. Room was also very clean and quiet.Cons = Poor A/C --it was a hot humid weekend. Though the a/c was set on high cool and 64* -- the room never got below 73* I know that is a fine temperature for most--but I cannot sleep unless temp is below 70. I've come to believe that a lot of hotels have some sort of non publicized low end governor and they decide how cool your room will be allowed to get. I want it my way and at a Premium hotel--should be able to get it. I reported it the first morning after the first night and they promised to send an engineer up.--We were out all day so I've no idea if anyone looked at it as they weren't considerate enough to leave me a message. At any rate the second night was the same as the first---hot and humid! First night we went to see &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; (great, highlight of the trip!) and returned to our room at about 10:30 and decided to order up a snack (hotel directory advises 24hr in room dining) after studying extensive menu and making our selections we called to place our order only to be informed &quot;in room dining has closed for the night&quot; !! Here we are in Chicago at a supposed world class upscale hotel and we couldn't get any room service at 10:45 PM !!! I guarantee you I could have scared up a cheeseburger or club sandwich or something at the Holiday Inn in the little Indiana city I live in. Geeez. Location --most reviews call the location good. It is unquestionably in a good, but business oriented neighborhood--other than the CVS across the street, it is about 3 city blocks to any shopping/dining/entertainment venues- (dining choices are severely limited at the Fairmont) so for my purposes, the location is average to poor. Concierge service: I sought the advice of the concierge on two separate minor matters---but each time the concierge desk was overwhelmed and people were waiting 3-4 deep, not how I wanted to spend my time--so I did without their counsel.Was the extra $50 or so per night worth it for the view and the bathroom? IMHO hela no! Won't be back.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful experience would stay there again.	We stayed Thurs-Sat June 11-13 for Cubs game and sightseeing-we got a great rate since we booked early before the hotel was filled $167/night for a &quot;suite&quot; that had a bedroom with 2 double beds, a separate living room with dinette table, there also was a small vanity area and huge bathroom with separate tub/shower area. Valet parking at the hotel isn't cheap at $49 a night plus tip-so we self parked in the underground garage of the Aon building next door which meant a little walk but saved us $30 for the 2 nights and you can always drop off the family and suitcases at the front of the hotel then go park-(we do public transportation and didn't need in &amp; out privileges) the Aon building connects to the Fairmont so you don't even have to walk outside and has a Starbucks, Au Bon Pain and sandwich shop (the building is closed on weekends though but parking is still available-pay in the lobby)-ask workers where to go and they'll point you in the right direction. We loved the Fairmont-rooms were clean, attentive staff, swanky lobby-the doorman took our picture for us, hailed cabs easily and concierge made dinner reservations for us. There was a free coffeemaker in our room ($10 if you used the bottled Evian) but it was one of those fancy pod makers I couldn't figure out so I bought Starbucks one day. There is a CVS right across the street for anything you might need. It's not too far of a walk to Milennium Park, Macy's, the El station. Overall a wonderful experience-my favorite and we've stayed at a few downtown Chicago hotels with our kids, this was my favorite because of price, location and accomodations. (Did I mention the ceramic tiled shower with rainfall water head?). Very nice for families-(although we did NOT eat there, ordered in Lou Malnati's pizza and ate out.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location modern rooms nice experience	I got an incredibly good rate which made this reservation a no-brainer. One of my main requirements was a downtown Chicago hotel that had a spa in the hotel. The spa was clean and new with a good size workout facility, nice bathroom, steam room and relaxation lounge area for post workout or before getting a massage. The massage was very nice, good masseuse and new massage rooms. It is not the largest overall spa, but if going with a friend or two its a nice, modern facility and free to guests of the hotel. The rooms were big, with comfortable beds and a new, large LCD TV but an odd lack dresser space, we had zero space to unpack our clothes. Good shower and a new bathroom round out a solid room and a comfortable stay. We were upgraded to a &quot;lake view&quot; room, which provided a decent view, but it was not really a full-on lake view, instead there is a large building across the way. This might bother some, not a big deal to us though.I did not deal with the front desk much, but the concierge and people at the Spa were very friendly and helpful.Finally, the location is great, 10 minute walk to Grant Park and the attractions around there and a 10 minute walk in the other direction to get to Michigan avenue. There are MANY options in Chicago and certainly some luxury options that might be nicer, but especially if you can get a good rate, the Fairmont is a very fine option, providing modern, large rooms, helpful service, good location and a spa in the hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	spent overnight for bday - unbelievable	Well first I must say that talking to someone online about the trip started some amazing follow ups from the hotel. We paid for a regular room, but I had made plans for champaign upon arrival since my husband and I were going downtown Chicago for my 40th birthday celebration. Well upon checkin we found they automatically upgraded me to the suite on the top floor. The room had 3 views of the city from the North, East and west. The room was huge,. Then after we had a late lunch, come back to the room to find a birthday surprise. Timothy Samples made all these plans for me, and he really made my stay a memory of a lifetime.We went to Soldier field for a huge concert, the only drawback was having to walk almost half the way back before we were able to hail a cab - quite frustrating, but the bed upon getting back to the room made it all worthwhile. One of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The room service for breakfast in the morning allowed us to enjoy the room a little, and checking out and getting our vehicle from the valet - was perfect timing, no delays and they all from the valet, to the room service, to the concierge - they were all amazing,. I would go back there for any visit ever.......	
Jun 6 2009 	Could not have asked for better!	Fairmonts are some of my favourite hotels, but this hotel exceeded my expectations. A much newer decor and building than the beautiful Fairmonts in Canada, the lobby was modern and trendy with interesting restaurants and bars. The central area was a chocolate and cheese-tasting bar! The rooms were modern with large LCD televisions and free Internet (for Fairmont club members - it's free!). When our travel agent failed to relay our requested upgrade to a suite, the Fairmont gladly obliged and even gave us the discounted room rate. The newer building also meant the rooms (even the non-suite room) were much larger than Canadian Fairmonts. The fitness center was fantastic with televisions on every machine including plugs for your iPod/iPhone! I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel	Nothing to complain about at all. Gorgeous bathroom. Attentive service. Comfortable bed. Large room. Got a great deal on Priceline.	
May 28 2009 	Couldn't fault the Fairmont	I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent. I was given a very large room with great views of the city; the breakfast was extremely good; and the location was as central as I could have wished for. The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims. In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too. Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago.	
May 28 2009 	Wow - We received an unexpected suprise-early check-in at 8:00 A.M.	We booked our shopping trip via Priceline as a vacation package at the Fairmont. We received round trip air fare and two nights stay for $256 at THE FAIRMONT. EVERYTHING was excellent. When our neighbors came home each night at 3:20 a.m. and decided to party, the front desk was called, and literally within five minutes the situation was handled and all was quiet. Too wonderful. Would highly recommend!	
May 28 2009 	Fairmont is Nice with Great Views	Although my room seemed to be laid-out strangely (optimizing every square inch), it was a beautiful experience. The staff is excellent, everyone very friendly and willing to help. Maids are very efficient.	
May 20 2009 	Good hotel clean rooms nice bell hops great view...	We staying at the Fairmont Chicago from May 16-May 18 2009. We booked the Fairmont as part of a conference/show that we were there for.We booked a room that slept 4 and one room that slept 3. The room that slept 3 was clean, with 2 beds and had an amazing view on the 30th floor. The room that slept 4 was huge with 2 TV's, a tub and shower, and a huge bathroom. There was a bit of a misconception with that room because we were led to believe that there were 2 seperate rooms but it was one room with a King sized bed and then a pull out couch. It wasn't a big deal and they brought up and extra cot right away. This hotel is located about 3 blocks from the Magnificent Mile and is central to most of the shopping centers. It's about 15 minute walk to Navy Pier. On the day we checked out our bus wasn't picking us up until 2:25 so we decided to go shopping, and we left our bags at the front bell hop. There was no problem in picking them back up or leaving them there.The staff were friendly and tried to accomodate all of our needs. We asked for extra pillows and an extra blanket and they were brought up to us within 20 - 25 minutes. As part of the suite we booked, we received free breakfast in the restaurant however we changed that to in room dining which we were then charged for, but we then called the front desk and the charge was waived.The price we paid for the rooms was quite pricey but that's what you can expect for a high class hotel in downtown Chicago.	
May 18 2009 	Why you should stay elsewhere	I stayed at the Chicago Fairmont for four nights for a conference. My fiance' accompanied me. When we checked in, we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed. So instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined, we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like Ward and June Cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house!We discovered that the coffee maker wasn't working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it, and waited two and half hours. We had issues with the plumbing, including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took 45 minutes to fill. The toilet stopped working twice. We returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room, sitting on the bed, watching the tv and talking on her cell phone. They bellman were rude, and wouldn't let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment. There were errors on our bill. Last but not least, we saw a ROACH in the drawers. Alive. The restaurant downstairs was decent, and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the Hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better. I will never ever stay here again under any circumstances.	
May 6 2009 	Clean pleasant great location	My partner and I stayed over a week-end at the Fairmont. The room was clean and the bed was fluffy and comortable with nice quality linens. We asked for a room with a view, so they put us on the 22nd floor. The view was basically into another building facing us, but that's typical in a city of skyscrapers. The lobby was sleek, shiny and comfortable, and the public areas of the hotel are nicely appointed and and immaculate. We did not use the restaurant services--too expensive and there are so many great alternatives in the city. The sushi bar looked underpopulated by guests. We booked through price-line name your price and got the room for $110 a night, which by Chicago standards is great. We walked many places (very convenient to Millenium Park), but cabs were always available in a second or so out front. I was really disappointed that free coffee wasn't available. There was an honor bar for making coffee, but it was $10. Who's going to pay that???? I stayed recently at a Double Tree and not only was there complimentary coffee and tea with real cream, but turn down services with a great chocolate and fantasitic chocolate chip cookies! I would stay at the Fairmont again without a qualm if it came up on my Price Line search, but I'd rather stay at the Doubletree, Hyatt or Mariott. Their lobbies are just a lot more exciting, and decorating is less IKEA like.... The consierge was FANTASTIC! Very helpful. She recommended an Italian restaurant, (Volare Ristorante) that was reasonable and supurb (although not cozy and romantic), and a place for breakfast (Gage) that was also quite nice. There are spa services available, but again, we didn't use them. I didn't see any kids to speak of, so there are probably better places to stay with kids.	
May 5 2009 	Wonderful Experience and service	Room were fantastic. Services was excellent. The staff went out of their way to make sure our stay was memorable. The location is a little off the Magnificent Mile but right next to Millenium Park. Made our trip to Chicago a lasting memory!!!	
Apr 29 2009 	FAIRMONT CHICAGO - Great Location Friendly People	Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful, arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby.The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Modern hotel with spacious rooms in a great location	I'm in the hotel right now, and wanted to write this review before I get back home and don't have the time to do it anymore. I booked this hotel on priceline, and I got a really good deal ($70 per room with king size bed). The hotel is about 4 blocks from Millennium Park, in a quiet area. It's also two blocks away from the river front. Both these places are worth visiting! Also, across the river there is a high end grocery store 'fox and obel' where you can shop for delicious food for your room. There are also a number of Walgreen, CVS, etc nearby. Around here there are only skyscrapers for about 2 blocks...there isn't much traffic nor any rail roads (that can get loud) so again the place is quiet. The room doesn't have a great view but it's spacious and has a modern bathroom, spotless. It also has a very pleasant decor and a flat screen TV that rotates so you can view it from the armchairs/table. The hotel has a spa that is pretty expensive, but there is free wireless internet access. Overall I'm very satisfied with our stay here, it's truly comfortable!	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent service and beautiful renovation	We just finished our family &quot;staycation&quot; in Chicago and had a wonderful time at The Fairmont. The staff was extremely attentive -- from the time I made the reservation to our final breakfast at their lovely restaurant, Aria. There has been a recent renovation and the room was decorated in a clean, contemporary style. The view from our room was fantastic -- the lakefront, Navy Pier, and Millenium Park. We also used their spa facilities which were relaxing, provided everything you could want in a spa, and were spotless. I would highly recommend The Fairmont to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great hotel!!!	Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality.Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes.Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet.Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower.	
Mar 29 2009 	Good views modern decor excellent spa-- you get what you pay for	My husband and I planned a &quot;stay-cation&quot; to this hotel. The MySpa services were excellent and convenient. Our view was lovely (30th floor). The room itself was a little small. The bathtub was awkwardly small to take advantage of the &quot;bath sommelier&quot; service. Perhaps other suites are better suited. Overall, a nice escape. The decor feels a little Ikea, and almost cheap. The bed was fantastic.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Service - Simplistic Decor - Decent location	Just returned from a stay at the Fairmont with my kids over spring break. There was a great special on the Fairmont site of buy 2 nights, get the 3rd free. With that they gave $100 restaurant credit, $50 spa credit, and discounted parking of $25 per night (regularly $49). Arrival and check in no problem with excellent service from the time I originally made the reservation until we checked out.  Rooms were great size for a Chicago hotel. Decor very simplistic with a Euro style flair. I liked the shower stall with door as I always hate at hotels having water pool all over from shower curtains. Nice large bathrooms with Miller Harris toiletries (my daughter's hated the shampoo but I'm thinking it was the low flow from the waterfall showerhead). There was a closet with in room safe however drawers were almost non existent (our room had a padded bench with two pull out drawers and there was one nightstand drawer and that was it). I did like the padded window seat for catching a glimpse of the lake (blocked mostly by buildings though). Bedding was very crisp and comfy and I always love hotels where they have bathrobes.  We used our $100 credit for breakfast. It covered one breakfast for three adults and one child and with tip was $98 so certainly not the amount I normally spend on breakfast. The other two days we walked to the AON Center next door and there is a Starbucks, and Au Bon Pain, and another little cafe for breakfast. Didn't try out the bar but definately liked the vibe of it.  We pretty much did museums on our trip mixed with a little shopping. Had to take cabs most every place. We did decide the first day to walk to the Field Museum but.....probably wouldn't again. Didn't realize at first but it was about 2 1/2 miles to get there. Within walking distance we found a Giordano's for fantastic stuffed pizza and it's also walking distance to State Street shopping. First time I've stayed this far south and it was a good locale since we only needed one trip up the Mag Mile for shopping the first evening. Just wish I could have found more evening restaurants around the area which is what I felt was lacking.  If you sign up for President's Club (it's free) you get free internet service. Utilized it but had a heck of a time as the connection from the nearby Hyatt kept overtaking the signal from the Fairmont and I kept losing connection.  So in all, a very nice stay. For what I paid for the place it would be a five but if I paid over $200 per night I'd probably give it a 3. So I'll average it out. As mentioned, service was a 5. Decor just wasn't my personal preference and wish there was more within several blocks.	
Mar 17 2009 	Nice hotel but problems	Hotel room nicely decorated, but only one drawer to speak of, lived out of suitcase. Wide screen tv was not HD, only SD and would not maintain SD aspect ratio, kept resetting to stretch. Annoying shower head was rainshower type, too little water pressure, not adjustable, hot water took 15 minutes to arrive in the am. Given only one bar of soap for the week, maid never left any more. Bed very comfortable, ventilation good, reliable wakeup call, elevators fast. Restaurants and bar downstairs were very expensive. No buffet, but a full breakfast was over $35, dinner out of the question. Local brew Honkers Ale was $7/bottle, mixed drinks $12, dizzy bar waitress. Found other places to eat breakfast for $15 and drink, like Houdibras around the corner. Hotel staff very pleasant, doormen very helpful. Valet parking is steep, but then it is downtown Chicago.	
Mar 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Great Follow-Up	We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business, but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting.The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay, but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby, we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa, coffee table, desk, mini-bar with sink and coffee maker, and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room, but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room, and once again, possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious, and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs), are peppered throughout.We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant, Aria, couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely.Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit, but seriously, these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also, the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above, the front desk experience could be improved.Best feature: After our first stay, I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay, I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay, but still received a warm, friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously, and for that, they've won my loyalty.	
Mar 14 2009 	What an *AWESOME* hotel!!	My friend and I booked the Fairmont on bookingwiz.com and got the room for $112.00 tax included for 1 night. The lobby is beautiful. We had arrived at 10:00am and wanted to put our bags in the &quot;holding tank&quot; while we shopped BUT they checked us in to a room at that point. We were thrilled!! The room was INCREDIBLE!! The bathroom area was separate with a bar area, a walkin closet, and then as you enter the bathroom there were double sinks, a shower, and a bath and an enclosed toilet. The bedroom was a corner room with windows on 2 sides, 2 comfortable beds, a couch, a desk area, a bench and a HUGE flat screen T.V. The location is GREAT too. So close to the commuter train station and Millenium Park. We ate at Giordono's which is just around the corner. There is a wonderful grocery store, Bockwinkles, located on the backside of the hotel. After spending $15.00 per glass of wine at the hotel we decided to go buy 2 bottles for that price. The people at the hotel were very helpful and we never had a problem getting a cab either. hopefully this helps. HAPPY TRAVELS!!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Regular guest a little dissapointed this time...	I have been staying at the Chicago Fairmont for many years.This time, I found it totally redecorated in a style that, in my opinion, makes it look cheaper. Water preassure in the shower was very bad, some guy came in to fix it, he changed the shower but still, nothing even close to good enough. The room service mentioned a 25 minute time for delivery when I made my order, but it took one hour for them to come, and another hour for table pick up. The bathroom door was really in bad shape, humidity and badly painted. The lighting on the WC area was totally insuficient.Staff was ok, and the hotel is very well located. I like the idea of having Lakeshore Spa next door where you can spend hours working out or at the Spa... that is good.As for the redecoration, I guess changing the TVs and some other little details would have been enough, I guess millions of dollars were spent with a very doubtable result.	
Feb 11 2009 	What a dump!	Redecorated rooms with cheap furniture (a 3-legged coffee table that fell over when you brushed up against it), no water pressure in the shower, polyester pillows that were so old &amp; flat they were unusable (we're allergic to feather), overcharges on the bill ($138 for breakfast at the hotel restaurant, which we never visited)... The crowning blow was a buffet breakfast for 20 set up in the room next door on two consecutive mornings (at 7:00am!), which made sleeping in impossible. When we complained we were told &quot;that they weren't doing it tomorrow&quot;.	
Feb 1 2009 	Upgrade Yourself to the Fairmont	For the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated, and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive, and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49, so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked, and as others have noted, the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return, esp as this pricepoint.	
Jan 22 2009 	Nice Place; Nice Location	I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago from 1/12 thru 1/15 for a convention at McCormick. The convention rate was $159, and I used an President's Club upgrade certificate to upgrade to a park view 1 bedroom suite (room#2301). I took a cab from O'Hare...costs about $45 including tip and didn't have to hassle with parking, which is typically expensive for a downtown hotel in a large city. Cabs were plentiful everywhere we went, and were always available and hailed by the bellman quickly. The location is central and right across the river from Michigan Ave shops.The lobby is very nice and modern. In fact, this hotel is very &quot;un-fairmont&quot; like. Not old luxury, but rather very modern, with a scandinavian feel to the furniture, etc. The room was HUGE and well equipped. The spa and exercise area was beautiful. Bed was great, water pressure was not great though. I recommend joining the Fairmont's presidents club. You will get free local calls and free internet access, which alone is about $15 a day. And if you stay 5 nights or more in a calendar year you become a premiere member, which gives you some upgrades and dining certificates. All in all, a nice comfortable place to stay. But probably not worth the regular rack rate.	
Jan 4 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	My family of four (two daughters 14, 9) stayed at the Fairmont on December 22 for four nights. This is definitely not a family hotel, but considering we went on a leisure trip and had planned to visit Chicago's main attractions, surely there are plenty to keep you busy for two weeks and amenities like pool or fitness room inside the hotel are unnecessary. We reserved two (2) connecting corner rooms 2701 and 2702. We also had breakfast and dinner at their famous Aria restaurant. This hotel caters mainly to upper class seniors and honeymooners, and everything is top notch, I mean &quot;everything&quot;. Well maintained physical structure (inside and out), well appointed large rooms, well trained personnel (from doorman to housekeeping) and the food at the Aria is superb (second to none). Everybody is friendly and eager to help. My compliments to the hotel management and staff.	
Jan 1 2009 	High parking cost-$49.00	We spent New Years Eve in Chicago our overall trip was great.After paying over $200.00 for our stay they charged another $49.00 for parking. We wanted to park ourselves but we weretold they were suppose to park our vehicle .So the next morningwe received a charge of $49.00 to park our vehicle when itwas all said in done we spent over $275.00Unless you like to spend alot of money I wouldn't recommend it at all. When I said something the next morning I was told it cost money to park.	
Dec 2 2008 	Beautiful room in a good location	This property was a refreshing change from classic Fairmont hotels with its striking reception area that gives the pizzazz of a trendier hotel brand. The front desk service was exceptional during check-in and check-out. The representative checked me in for my flight and printed my boarding pass rather than just directing me to a business center as is the procedure at many hotels. This was a much-appreciated time-saver for us. We couldnt have asked for a better view from our 31st floor room, overlooking the park below and Lake Michigan beyond and the calm color palette contributed, along with the dcor, to a pleasantly serene room above the city below. The bed was very comfortable and I liked the large somewhat walk-in closet. A couple of concerns that you may want to inquire about  I went down to the work-out room around 7:30a and was told it doesnt open until 9:00a which doesnt make sense for a business hotel. Also, there isnt a pool in this hotel, but I was told for $25, you can use the athletic facility pool next door. I dont know if this is the pool mentioned in another review or not, but there isnt (according to the concierge) a pool at this property. For the excellent service, great location and comfortable rooms, Id stay here again, however for a longer period, I would probably choose a hotel with more recreational amenities.	
Nov 7 2008 	A little disappointing for the money	I stayed one night at the Fairmont at the end of Oct., 2008. For the price I found it to be a pretty average hotel experience. I booked a superior room and I did have a view of the lake. As it was an especially mild night and day for autumn in Chicago, I appreciated being able to crack open some windows for fresh air (although I had to climb over furniture to even get to the curtains). I was underwhelmed by the room decor. The room was relatively spacious, but seemed a little 1980s style and out of date. The bathroom was the room's best feature, but there was somewhat of a water pressure problem when I took my shower in the morning. Nice robe for guest use in the closet.The bed was comfortable and the room was pretty well lit for reading or working. There was a charge for internet use, which I didn't take advantage of since paying $15 for about 4 hours of connection seemed a waste to me.Check-in was quick but fairly perfunctory, although thank goodness he gave me specific detailed directions for finding the elevators or I would have been quite lost. Since I got in late, I ordered room service for dinner. Service was quick. My dinner was average though. Breakfast the next morning at Aria was much more satisfying. It isn't that I disliked this hotel. It was fine and under similar circumstances I'd probably stay there again. But for $414.00 midweek, it seemed overpriced to me for the quality. I realize that the downtown Chicago area location is pricey, but my $180 room at the Doubletree in Rosemont on my way back out of Chicago compared favorably to the Fairmont room that was more than twice the price.	
Nov 7 2008 	i would stay here again	the hotel was great. the room was great. the food was great. the pool was great. the service was great. you were near the michifgan ave. i would stay here again.	
Nov 6 2008 	High Marks all 'Round	A fine property with staff offering excellent hospitality. A kiss away from Michigan Avenue, in a peaceful location. Great city views, beautifully appointed, good choices of places on property to enjoy food and beverage. Especially loved Aria's eclectic menu (the Pacific cod was my favorite) and pampering service, and ate there two nights running. Fairmont Chicago proved a fine place to stay and I will put it at the top of my list for my next trip to Chicago.	
Nov 4 2008 	comfartable getaway	We traveled to Chicago on October 23 - 28, for a conference/vacation and were overwhelemed by the choices of hotels in the downtown area. After reading alot of reviews we selected the Fairmount and are really glad we did. It is in a great location for seeing Navy Pier, museums and other attractions. The rooms were spacious and comfortable and always kept clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful with dinner suggestions. Our trip wasa success in part due to the great time we had at the hotel. The only downside was loud slamming doors all night in the hallway but there's not much the hotel can do about that.	
Oct 6 2008 	Wonderful hotel wonderful stay	We loved the San Francisco Fairmont and now wealso love the Fairmont in Chicago! A big THANK YOU to the Chicago hotel for terrific service, lovely accommodations, and excellent location. From start to finish -- the stay was great.We had a very nice room on the 9th floor where it was quiet -- the floor plan places rooms in little podsof four, no long halls -- and the draperies really kept out all the light. Good big-screen TV (my SO gave it 4 stars). Close to everything -- museums, Michigan Avenue, the El -- either on foot or by cab. When we had a plumbing mishap and forgot to take the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign off the door knob, resulting in an unmade room, the staff beautifully took care of everything ASAP. Also, when I discovered I'd left an item behind, they sent it home without charge. Wonderful breakfast menu in Aria restaurant, too! You will love this hotel!!!	
Sep 23 2008 	An excellent choice	I stayed at the Fairmont during a professional conference. While I have to say that for a conference, some of the meeting rooms were too small, in terms of traveler's comfort the hotel is exceptional! I can't think of a single thing about my room that wasn't perfect. The accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many Chicago attractions.	
Sep 16 2008 	great stay	I would agree with all the positive recent reviews. We stayed here in July 08 and were very happy with the hotel. The room was well appointed, clean, spacious,and quiet. When traveling as a family, we are often staying in family hotels but decided to splurge a bit while in the city. However through joining the President's club, I was able to score a very nice price for this very nice hotel. To save on cash we parked in the Millenium underground facility half a block away. The location is only about one and a half blocks from the river and is half a block from the park. The area has a number of hotels and is within walkable distance to a number of downtown attractions, however at night it becomes somewhat deserted.	
Sep 11 2008	Nothing but the best	The concierge was so helpful. Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful. They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seatings. Loved the health club at the back of the hotel. By joining the presidents club, it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities. The rooms were large, updated and had views looking out in 3 directions. The coffee maker in the room was exceptional. Location is great for getting mostly anywhere. Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel.	
Sep 10 2008 	Really Liked It esp vs Chicago Intercontinental	I was in Chicago, staying at the Intercontinental on Michigan Avenue, and had to change hotels abruptly when the Intercon lost my reservation for the last night of a conference I was attending. My secretary got me a standard room, last minute, at the Fairmont. I was skeptical and in a bad mood anyway via Intercon experience, but was very pleasantly surprised!For $329 (corp rate), I received a 33rd floor suite with a view of Lake Michigan. The room was spotless and homey/cool - think West Elm decor. The lobby and reception area are cool and peaceful, with a wine bar right in the center. Even got a chance to try the hotel restaurant - Aria - which was excellent, except for clueless service bringing everything at once...what? But the food is quite good and left me wanting to try it again - warm nan-like bread with dipping sauces to start, gratis, a nice touch.Beds v comfortable (better that Heavenly Westin beds), well-stocked mini-bar and welcome basket full of goodies (extra charge) ... even the chamber service was friendly - my evening service person actually came in to do the turn-down and chatted with me for a couple of seconds unobtrusively, which I appreciated, traveling alone.I though the Fairmont would be a stodgy choice, but I am a fan and convert. Would definitely stay here again. Great service, calming/soothing atmosphere, everything's buttoned down - first class!	
Sep 4 2008 	Decent downtown digs	Having stayed at other Fairmont's recently I was curious to see how the Fairmont Chicago stacked up and it passed the test without breaking a sweat. Unlike many others in the Fairmont chain this hotel isn't a heritage or historic landmark and so has a more modern feel. The design is somewhat retro 70's chic and at times it tries a little too hard, such as the flashing white lights inbedded in the floor at the front desk. The location only a few short blocks to the Jay Pritzker Pavillion which is in Millennium Park makes for comfortable morning walks and should you feel up to it the celebrated Buckingham Fountain, Field Museum, Soldier Field and Adler Planetarium are all not much farther. The other direction will take you to the Chicago River and riverwalk with lots of restaurant choices. In terms of getting to the hotel, I rode the Blue line CTA train right to Clark &amp; Lake and then walked the approx 5 minutes to the Fairmont and at $2.00 one way the CTA in from O'Hare many times cheaper than the airport mini-van transfers at $27.00 one way. My room was a deluxe king room, #3104 with a decent view looking towards Millennium Park though it isn't an unobstructed view as other tall towers nearby limit the view to some degree. The retro look was carried over within this guest room as the wooden chaise lounge chair and green cusion had a 60's/70's Euro design feel but were comfortable enough. The large flat screen TV was a little modern appliance set amongst the retro design and wasn't enclosed in a cabinet as some hotels use. The large king bed was fairly standard for a luxury chain but the where the room really excelled was the bathroom which had separate large tub &amp; large walk in shower with a great rainfall shower head that made for a relaxing start to the day. I'd always wondered whether they were as good as all the hype I'd heard and for the most part would agree they are miles better than the regular shower head. Fairmont sells them on their shopping website but at $470 will pass and keep my old shower head. The one small annoyance during the 2 night stay was after relaxing in the big tub I turned the button but the recessed plug didn't pop up to let the water drain and without any fingernails couldn't get any grip to pull it up for after a few minutes gave up. I noticed housekeeping looked like they were equally as unsucessful as maintenance must've been in because there was a new and different plug installed when I returned to the room late in the day, though nobody had bothered to actually clean the tub in the process.When I made the booking months earlier I received an email saying Fairmont &amp; Aveda were working together to offer guests for a nominal fee a travel liquid pack and so I asked for one to be put in the room upon my arrival. After checking in I noticed it wasn't there and on my way out to dinner I mentioned it to the concierge in the lobby and it was in my room upon my return and never showed on the hotel bil at check out so it must've been made complimentary as goodwill gesture which was appreciated. The travel package was a gift for a niece and I hopes she likes it as I wouldn't have ordered it for myself as it really wasn't anything that would replace my more utilitarian travel liquids pack that doesn't have any facial cream or eyebrow lotion.I did have a pre-meal drink in the Aria lounge, which is again very retro in look and feel. Note the lounge in the middle of the round lobby is only a wine bar, not all cocktails. The only other service I used on site was the business center which offered the first 30 minute internet use for guests and so took advantage to do my airline online check in and print my boarding pass, saving loads of time at O'Hare on Labour Day long weekend. There were only four terminals so be prepared for them to be full at times.The staff I encountered were all fairly young but had good attitude with friendly but polite manners and I was more than happy in the quiet refined retro luxury surroundings. The Fairmont Chicago delivered everything I'd hope and a little more and so I would return again. Price is always a consideration and were this hotel to be on sale I'd easily stay here over others in the Magnificent Mile area as I liked the Fairmont's location more. Would I pay $400+ per night? Probably not but I've seen it on sale at times as low as $149-$179 and at that range think it a good value.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Hotel!	I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights Aug 1-4 with 3 friends. We went for Lollapalooza in Grant Park. This hotel was in a great location. It was clean and our room had a great view. We were on the 36th floor in a corner room. We asked for a mini fridge in our room and it was brought to us within 5 minutes.The I pod dock in the room was a nice touch.I did not hear any of the other guests talking in their rooms, it was pretty quiet. The hotel has a Complimentary Car that takes you places around the area. You can take advantage of that Mondays- Saturdays. There is a great breakfast place called West Egg...there usually is a 15-40 minute wait but it is worth it. The food is great and the prices aren't bad either. It was about a 10 minute walk, you can ask the concierge where West Egg is...or the hotel car will take you and drop you off. We put our names down on the list for waiting and they told us it would be 20 mins, we walked around the Magnificant Mile area for a bit and came back.This is a great hotel in an awesome city! Will definetly return to this hotel next year for the concert!	
Aug 19 2008 	Love the new look	Over the years I have stayed here several times and I must say the needed remodel has turned out great with a trendy fresh comforting atmosphere. I did find it unusual that the room had no chairs in it. Was told they are coming from China so that was rather strange and feel they could have easily told me before I took the room but I certainly didn't go to Chicago to sit in the room even with the beautiful lake view I had. It is really too bad the restaurant couldn't be located in the hotel where there are windows. Although Aria is good one might expect linens on the table for the price and the service certainly is not on a par with the rest of the wonderful staff. I impressed my guests with our evening ride in the Hotel car - a 2008 beautiful Bentley. One has to ask but if it is parked in front you will more often than not get a nice ride to your dining destination. I do miss the President's Club reception area to check-in that allowed not waiting in line when a convention is checking in. Over all it was again a wonderful experience that lived up to expectations. If you have time go to the Segway tour office two blocks East and take a Segway tour for a different and fun thing to do.	
Aug 16 2008 	Nice Chicago Hotel	Nice hotel property with good location in Chicago. Check-in was fast and pleasant. Room was average size with a great view of the City. The bathroom was great with separate bath and a very classy tiled shower stall. Bed was comfortable and bedding was high quality. A small clock/alarm with iPod port was provided on the nightstand. Flat screen TV was perfect in size for the room. The desk area adequate to do work with good lighting. The high speed internet line, however, was disconnected between the wall and the desk, and when I tried to log on, nothing happened. I pulled the desk out from the wall and sure enough, the line to the desk internet plug receptacle had been unplugged. I plugged it in and the internet began to work on my pc. Not sure why it was unplugged but someone less resourceful than me would have had to call the front desk and wait for someone to come fix the connection. Didn't order from room service nor ate at any of their restaurants. I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Avoid if possible	I am a frequent business traveller and am surprised this hotel gets away with the Fairmont name. The Fairmont in Quebec, Bermuda, Boston and especially Seattle are all excellent hotels.I stayed here in the past (before the renovation) and had a poor experience (dirty room, poor service, noise, etc) but decided to try it again since I knew it was recently renovated. First of all, this is the first hotel I have ever experienced where the the lobby and rooms were better before the renovation.The former rooms were classic Fairmont with an old-world comfortable feel. I don't know how to describe what they are today. Just basic, bare, drab, uncomfortable, unattractive rooms with little color and cheap carpeting. Hotel also offers little insulation. I could hear everything being said in the room next door and the guests were talking in a normal tone. I reacall this happening last time I stayed here as well.The lobby is now nothing but a big lounge. When you walk into the lobby all you can see is the lounge. There are no meeting/seating areas if you were planning on having an informal meeting in the lobby. Very odd and not your typical Fairmont at all.. They just want you to sit in the lounge so they get your $$.No doorman greeted my cab when I arrived and the front desk clerk barely acknowledeged me and looked up from her computer when I checked in. And this was after a long line at check in. One person at front desk at 12:00 noon - peak check-in/check-out timeThink it is mostly a result of poor management.So many great hotels in Chicago. Avoid this one if you can.	
Aug 13 2008 	First class all the way	This was my second time staying at the Fairmont. A couple of years had passed, and the rooms have been redone in a very modern, minimalist style. Very neat. This hotel remains a first class establishment in every way. From the professional, courteous staff, to the swank lobby, to the spacious and top notch rooms, and the luxurious marble bathroom. The new wine bar in the lobby is really a nice way to sample of flight of wines from around the world. And finally, the location can't be beat. Away from traffic in a residential area, its still only a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue and Millenium Park. A bike rental place is less than a block away with easy access to Chicago's stellar lakeshore bike path. A bargain, this place is not. Overnight parking alone is $50. But in downtown Chicago, you tend to get what you pay for. This was an anniversay splurge for me, and well worth it.	
Aug 7 2008 	Fantastic Stay	My friends and I stayed at the Fairmont for 2 nights while we were attending Lollapalooza in Grant Park. Having this being a tradition of our we are able to stay in different hotels every year. This hotel has been the best so far.We entered the hotel, the entrance is low key. It sits quietly on the corner. Once you go into the lobby you can see very modern detail, the wine bar in the center of the lobby is really cute. We checked in and got our room right away. We were on the 25th floor, we had city views and a partial lake view. The room itself was very large. There was plenty of room for all of us staying there and for people that came up after the concerts. The bathroom was also large and beautifully designed. The entire feel was cool and modern.We did not eat at the hotel or purchase anything from the gift shop, but I can tell you that it was expensive for the most part. The only thing that seemed reasonable to me was the sushi restaurant. Their prices seemed to be comparable to what we would pay anywhere else in the city.The service was great. Everyone we spoke with was nice. I have to admit I was surprised!	
Aug 3 2008 	Trendy Place	I stayed here for one evening. It was a very trendy hotel. The rooms where huge. The bed was very comfortable. Pillowtop mattresses, down comforters, soft pillows. Huge moveable flat screen tv on wall and where we were at, a nice view. Room service VERY expensive. For the most part, rooms were clean, small things left on floor like vacuum couldn't pick them up. Walking distant to lakeshore, shopping, food, Grant Park. Would stay here again!	
Aug 3 2008 	Not worth the $ - the best part of this hotel is MySpa.	The Fairmont was remodeling when we were there, and except for apologies, it was SO inconvenient to stay there during that time. The room was not worth the price; even with the gorgeous view of the Lake. Plus they were making way for the new chocolate/wine bar thing that to me, isn't worth it. This is a very expensive place to stay, folks, and we're used to paying for the luxury hotels (i.e., Ritz). Fairmont needs to provide better signage here because it's confusing, and do better in customer service for guests staying, especially for business. Parking is horrendous, and the best thing to do is suck it up and pay for valet, realizing that it's going to cost you. Aria's breakfast buffet had hot turned cold food every day, and there were problems in the kitchen with staffing on 1 day where the restaurant apologized and breakfast ala carte items were free. We're used to staying at the Renaissance, which has a better location, but without a view of the Lake. For the over $100 price difference, it wasn't worth the room. The accommodations at the website are not what you get unless you pay for THOSE exact rooms.However, if you want the best for spa treatments, go to their MySpa. Holy cow - it's wonderful. It's not just new; the whole atmosphere is relaxing and I enjoyed 2 treatments on 2 separate occasions.If traveling to Chicago again, I'd stay at the Renaissance and go to MySpa for massages. It's THAT great, and the staff at the Spa are very pleasant and accommodating.	
Jul 30 2008 	Spacious rooms excellent service	I stayed here on business during labor day 2007 and the hotel is excellent. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. The seperate bathroom is a incredible. The staff was very helpful. The location of this hotel is great for walking to the local parks and history venues.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Experience	The Fairmont Hotel is a fabulous hotel in the Millennium Park area of downtown Chicago. The location, amenities and quality make it an ideal choice for both business and vacation travelers. I was attending a conference that was in the hotel. The lobby of the hotel has a chic feel to it with a wine bar in the middle (Eno) and the front desk having a subtle, flashing light effect. The staff was friendly and helpful throughout the hotel. The rooms are spacious (especially for big city standards) with a comfortable bed, decent size bathroom (with marble, separate rain shower stall, separate commode area), nice work space (with iPod station and internet access), HD TV and a couch by the windows. From the 36th floor it was a great view of the city. Everything was clean. There are two bars including a swanky sushi bar as part of the Aria restaurant. Did not eat at the restaurant nor at Eno where they had some food choices.The meeting rooms were comfortable and efficient for the conference. Food was decent  about what you would expect at a business function. The hotel is a short walk to the Miracle Mile area but may need a cab for most restaurants as this property is a bit tucked away, a few blocks from most of the action.If you signup for their Presidents Club program (its free) you can free access to the internet and the workout facility (which was clean and had a fair number of exercise equipment. No complaints and you really cant do much better when visiting Chicago.	
Jul 16 2008	Very Nice	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont for 4 days. To be honest, the only reason we stayed there was due to the reduced rate offered by the hotel, as this was a business trip. It was a beautiful hotel, the lobby exuded a serene atmosphere. I felt the same way about our room. The shower was very nice as was the separate bathtub, sink area and vanity. The bellmen were pleasant and always welcomed their guests back. However, we both agreed that we would probably not return to a Fairmont given their usual high rates.	
Jul 8 2008 	Not what I expected	I was concerned about the $49 parking. There is a public lot right across the street. However, we were running late for dinner reservations with friends, and there was a line to get in, so we opted to drop the car at the $49 parking. Check-in was easy.We were in 2619, facing the lake, if you looked through the condos under construction, so a very limited view of the lake Not their fault, I realize. The room was slightly disappointing. Not sure whether our room had been renovated. It certainly didn't look like any of the photos on here. I expected a more oppulent look. It was just basic Marriott or Westin decor. Window treatments were boring gray panels with no cornice. I wish I had taken pictures to post! There was not a single picture on the walls. The ipod dock is on the desk lamp. I read other reviews of thin walls. The only time we found this true was in the late afternoon while trying to take a quick nap before dinner. I don't know where the music was coming from, but it and it's bass were so loud that it was disturbing. That same afternoon a plate of sugar cookies arrived. We signed up for President's Club before arrival, so not sure if everyone receives them. You must be present to get them. Couldn't find anywhere to stash our clothes except in the bedside tables. Upon packing to leave, realized there were drawers in the ottoman at the end of the bed. Did find the espresso machine while searching for drawers and that was a highlight of the trip! A wobbly, funky table and a floor lamp were in front of the window. The room seemed large, but it was because there were no occasional chairs there. The only chair was a desk chair. We couldn't decide if the bed was comfortable. On the first night it was not. It got better as we got more tired from exploring the city. The lobby, bar and other common areas were very pretty and the staff were all super nice and friendly.We booked the pre-paid rate on their web site for $160 a night over the July 4 weekend. It was a good deal for the price. But I probably will try out a different hotel next time.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great location will not disappoint....	Celebrated the 3rd of July fireworks with my family.....First of all-the best thing we ever did was sign up for the Presidents club. Their frequent user club is fantastic.We have stayed at many of thier hotels and they are always an experience. We were absolutely surprised at how nice this hotel was. We have been disappointed by the hotels south of Wacker in Chicago-preferring to stay at the Four seasons or Peninsula or for family events the Westin on Michigan.If you want to walk- which is the way to really &quot;feel&quot; the city- those hotels are simply too far. To enjoy the museums-Grant Park and all the concerts and festivals and Navy Pier we were hoping to find a hotel south of Wacker.It has the feel of the Four Seasons and could well compete with this gem. The lobby chocolate bar was fun for the kids. Room service was the best we've had in a while and on and on.....Enjoy...	
Jul 4 2008 	Mixed	We stayed at the Fairmont Chicago last nite, a place we have stayed at multiple times before. Our room had been re-done and not for the better. The Fairmont use to reflect the turn of the century French style of the original Fairmont in San Franciso and had a lovely soigne feel about it. The new room style is like Motel 6. The carpet is a tissue thin industrial type, the lovely furniture is now laminate over particle board. The desk was relocated away from the window and faces a wall. There are no pictures on the walls other than the vinyl thing over the bed, and NO CHAIRS other than the desk chair. When we called to front desk to ask about the missing chairs, they acknowledged that yes, that was a problem. The light fixtures are from Home Depot, etc, etc, It just wasn't a pleasant room to be in. It is still a good sized room and they left the limestone in the shower, but not a quality experience.The restaurant ARIA is good. Very imaginative dishes and a extremely friendly staff. Indeed all of the staff is cheerful and makes every effort to make you feel like a guest.Although the hotel was built to a excellent standard, the problem appears to be the new ownership skimping on expenses. I think we will look for alternatives in the East Side neighborhood.	
Jun 24 2008 	Amazing!	My first time in Chicago and my first time in a 'luxury' (at least compaired to what i'm used to) did not disappoint.From when we checked in until we checked out this hotel was amazing.To begin with, we booked through Hotels.com and got a decent price for St. Patrick's Day weekend. (Sub $1000 for Fri - Tues)Our room was upgraded to a Deluxe room for no extra charge, no complaints there!Room was spacious and comfortably decorated. The marble bathroom was very nice indeed. Seperate shower and bathtub with full marble vanity. Seperate water closet. Bathrobes included!Outside the bathroom, a full vanity with exceptional lighting (where my girlfriend spent plenty of time).A large TV with plenty of cable channels.Mini-bar was very nice (but not used) however, we did make use of the espresso machine included in our room.A spacious marble desk sat in front of the double window which overlooked the lake. (Although construction in the next block took a little away from the view, not the Hotel's fault)Room service though expensive, (to be expected) was more than adequite and the food was phenominal!All in all our stay at the Fairmont Chicago was an enjoyable experience for the right price.	
Jun 24 2008 	If you appreciate great service stay here	Just back from a three-night stay at the Fairmont. I was really happy with this hotel. The staff (from the check-in, concierge, wait staff, etc.) are on the ball and do not miss a beat. They seem to know EVERYTHING about Chicago. They were so helpful in booking restaurants, tours etc. The rooms are a very generous size and have all the amenities (including an espresso maker which was great). The location is very convenient and you can easily walk to the Wrigley Building, Millenium Park, Navy Pier, Magnificant Mile and the Art Institute. You cannot go wrong with a stay here.	
Jun 20 2008 	Absolute luxury	I went there for a 4 day conference and loved it. I travel 50% of the time in my job, usually 3-4 star hotels. The location is great, there is a wonderful sushi bar in the lobby, the bartenders were friendly. I would definitely go there again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Fairmont Refurbished is Fabulous!	We recently spent 4 nights at The Fairmont and were most impressed with the excellent customer service - the staff were all extremely friendly and most helpful. Our room was recently refurbished and spotless, the bed was really comfortable. Our nightly rate included breakfast which was so well worth it. I definitely would recommend this hotel!	
Jun 1 2008 	Quiet Hotel Near Everything	This was my second stay at the Fairmont. The first visit was during the week for a business event at this hotel, and the second visit was over a weekend for a pleasure trip. The conference facilities and catering were top notch. The lobby was under renovation at the time of my second visit. I did not have a newly renovated room, but I still thought it was nice. All staff from the greeter/valet, front desk, bellman, concierge were so nice and helpful. I went to the Aria Bar, which had a good atmosphere and service. The recently opened spa was very nice, except the waiting area was small with not many seats and the steam shower was out of service. My deep tissue massage was fabulous. I liked the fitness center equipment, and it was stocked with chilled bottled water and wet towels. The hotel is quiet during the weekend  more of a weekday business hotel. Its far enough from Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River to be quiet, yet a very short walk to everything. Cabs are also very readily available. The weekend rate was slightly lower than other hotels even of lesser quality on Michigan Avenue or in River North. I would return again.	
May 31 2008	Great location	This was a great hotel. Full service for a reasonable price ($249/night for me).The room was very nice. I had a 42&quot; LCD in the room which also had a dock/speakers for my iPod. They also had a nice little box that you could use to hook other components to the television if you had brought them.Be sure to sign up for the Fairmont President's Club before you go, even if you don't stay at a Fairmont often. It's free to sign up, but it will allow you to make local and toll-free calls from your room for free (there is normally a charge) and use the internet for free, which is normally around $16 for a 24-hour period.The only thing I had an issue with was that they did not have an airport shuttle, and should you drive your own car, parking is $49/night.Otherwise, I really liked the place, and it was convenient to most everything that downtown Chicago had to offer. Millennium Park is directly across the street, as is a place to rent bicycles and Segways. Navy Pier is a short walk, as well as the Sears Tower.Depending on the side of the building and floor you may even be able to see Lake Michigan. I was on the 30th floor on the east side of the building and could.If you are on the North or West side of the building, you may be able to see the Navy Pier fireworks from your room, which are every Wednesday and Saturday evenings (I believe, maybe Sunday) between Memorial Day and Labor Day.	
May 27 2008 	Excellent Choice in Chicago	The Chicago Fairmont was an excellent location for 5 days. It was walking distance to a number of great attractions -- including Millenium Park, the Art Institute of Chicago, and is right next to a great city park for young kids. I liked the spa -- I can recommend the Thai Massage that was a cross between a Swedish message and physiotherapy. The hotel coffee/muffin station on the main level is a bit limited, but the hotel is connected via one of the lower levels to an office block that has a small shopping concourse with some excellent breakfast, snack and light lunch choices.	
May 11 2008 	Good example of 'If it ain't broke don't fix it'	I stayed here last summer and thought the Fairmont was excellent in every way - from the decor to service to the rooms, etc. I knew I'd be back and I was a walking advertisement for this hotel.Since then, they've renovated and still are in the process. Along with that comes problems - and I respect that - but my opinion is that I preferred the hotel before, when it had that 'classic hotel' look and the staff was seasoned and experienced and totally accommodating to the guest. The check-in was ardious, the room I had reserved months before, and even confirmed the night before I arrived, was not available. A guaranteed smoking room was now a 'we cannot guarantee all requests' - which puts the Fairmont in the same long list of hotels that claim the same thing. In fact, most everything now ranks them as just as good as the hotel down the street. It's a shame - they stood out and ranked higher prior to the changes.Pros: Location is superb. Housekeeping, doormen, bellhops - all the service is 100%.Cons: Problematic wireless internet access. I never was able to connect inside the hotel, even on my iPhone. The front desk repeatedly referred me to tech help, which repeatedly referred me back to the front desk. The layout of the room I stayed in was ill-conceived, with the brand new plasma tv unable to face the bed. Absolutely stupid design. So here are the two things you want in a hotel room after your long day - the internet and television - and neither were right. Room service was prompt, the food was below average.When you have a great experience at a hotel, you can only hope the next time is the same if not better. In my case, I was dissappointed in the changes all around and would opt for another hotel in the future.	
May 10 2008 	Paper-thin walls!	hotel rooms were reasonable. Very nice bathrooms with rainshowers. The room was recently painted and the smell was a bit strong. Two important flaws: Paper thin walls - I could literally hear the snoring next door; and hallways were in sad condition. The carpet has seen better days - loose in some spots, multiple paint marks etc.	
May 9 2008	Wonderful Stay in Chicago	My husband had business in Chicago and I tagged along for a 5 night stay at the Fairmont. This was my first visit to Chicago. Upon check in the staff was friendly and attentive. We had a deluxe room on the 10th floor which had views of Millineum Park, observatory and the lake - beautiful! Our room was updated, contemporary, and of decent size with a couch, desk with internet hookup/phone, and a 42&quot;flat screen TV. There was a mini-bar along with snack cabinet. I loved the Nespresso machine provided and made good use of it. It was thoughtfully replenished daily. We slept wonderfully in the King bed that had 4 goosedown pillows and a goosedown comforter. We appreciated the 3 sheet bed.The bathroom had a separate rain shower (a huge plus) in addition to a tub. Plenty of thick white towels. Separate toilet w/door as well. 2 robes, blowdryer, wine glasses, coffee mugs, glasses and ice bucket. Every thing provided was first rate. Soaps and shampoos were high quality also.We had 1 lunch and 1 dinner at Aria as well as 2 evenings at the Aria bar. The food and service was excellent. The hotel proximity was great for the sights we wanted to see. We will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great stay at Fairmont	Had a lovely stay at the Fairmont 4/11-15/08. We are Platinum with Fairmont President's Club and used a suite upgrade certificate to get a large (700 sf) and lovely suite for $429 with views south to Millenium Park, Art Institute and Field Museum. Room well-appointed, clean. Two large flat screen TV's. Had our 13 year old son with us. I had not requested rollaway, but on check-in clerk recommended one. Was not charged for it.Ate dinner at Aria restaurant - each of us was quite pleased with our meal. Service was friendly and efficient; indeed, that was the case throughout the hotel. Concierges (particularly Tim) very helpful with great advice on restaurants, directions, etc.Hotel very conveniently located - walked to several sites and restaurants, took car only when longer journey.Did not have room service as quite pricey, but picked up pastries in lobby bar a couple of mornings. Hotel unveiled new lobby and bar the evening we arrived.	
Apr 15 2008 	Realy Great Hotel	I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant, to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated, with large flat-screen TV's, beautiful linens, and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel.Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave  as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago), however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park, the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse), and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall, Id stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop, or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks.	
Apr 15 2008 	Terrible for business travelers	If you're a business traveler, stay away from this hotel. Their internet connectivity is provided by a company called Superclick. It tracks every website you go to. What this translates to is slow speeds, random redirects and, most devastatingly, difficulty accessing my secure work email via webmail. Vista noted the snooping, as did my remote email site, which blocked me out half the time. Work that should have been straightforward and easy took three times as long. Otherwise the hotel was nice enough and convenient, but what I'll remember about this stay was the hassle in trying to get my work done.See more about Superclick in &quot;Superclick is Evil&quot;:[--]	
Apr 13 2008 	Lived up to expectations	I was nervous about this hotel after reading some bad reviews, but it was fine. The check-in was a bit confusing, as I had booked through a conference site and they had got the dates wrong, but the Fairmont staff sorted it out. There was construction at the entrance site but aside from that, the hotel was very nice. The staff were all friendly and helpful, not one rude person.The room, which was a basic one, was spacious for a big-city hotel room. The clock radio was on when I got there and didn't turn off. Within 5 minutes a housekeeping staff member came to check and, when he realized it was broken, replaced it immediately.The bathroom was very nice with a separate shower and good-quality toiletries, No mold, everything worked well. The room and hotel itself were clean. No excess noise from other rooms or hall.The view from the 17th floor was great, able to see the water. However, views of construction would have been beyond the control of the hotel itself so I just considered a good view a bonus.Didn't try the restaurant or room service, but prices and selection seemed reasonable. It's easy to walk to stores, restaurants or delis from the hotel.Overall this was a pleasant hotel experience and I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Mar 20 2008 	Loved the Fairmont	WOW - What a wonderful surprise!! Our stay at the Fairmont was a wonderful experience. The room was spacious, newly renovated and beautiful. Beds were comfortable, Huge flat screen TV was awesome, coffee /expresso machine was a real treat. My friend and I hightly recommend this hotel. We fell in love with the huge bathroom . We also enjoyed wearing the comfy White Fairmont Robes!! The location is close to Michigan Ave. The staff was very nice - Checked us in upon our arrival at 10:00 AM. The really AWESOME Surprise was the ride in the house car , a BENTLEY back to Union Station. Dean our driver was extremely nice.This is a 5 star property - Nicest hotel We've stayed in.And Yes, the price was right - Only 89.00 for the night.We will definitely be back!!FAIRMONT ROCKS!! We highly recommend!!	
Mar 18 2008 	A Delightful Long Weekend	We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated, our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that, and by bedtime on the first night, we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming, but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks, we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels, this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great Hotel	I stay here frequently when in Chicago since my company has a price deal there. This is not a sacrifice, the hotel is great and I would take my family there. Clean and well equipped rooms, great staff. It is a bit of a walk from the heart of &quot;Michigan Avenue action&quot;. But the cab ride is cheap or in nice weather the walk is fine.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great place if in chicago	We found this hotel for less than 100.00, what a steal. These rooms and the service are amazing. There is excellent mini bar and in house coffee maker, as well as a spacious room. This is by far the best place I have stayed at in chicago for less than 125.00. This clean and comfortable facility made a romatic getaway more memorable.	
Feb 19 2008 	Worst hotel experience in my life	The room I prepaid two weeks in advance was still not available to us 3 hours after check-in. We were told they had no idea when we would have a room. We missed our dinner reservations with friends for my 30th birthday, which was the only reason for staying downtown in the first place. The staff was extremely rude. When I was told there was no room I asked for a refund so that I could find a room somewhere else. I was then told &quot;I don't know what to tell you&quot; and then the man at the desk walked away leaving us to stand there upset and stranded. We finally got in a room that was not the King we had book and PAID for in advance. It was filthy. Our city view was a construction view. Between the blowing of the tarps outside our window and the noise of the elevator right outside our door, I was kept up all night. When I got up I decided to take a bath, but the tub was broken. I went to check out and listened as the asked everyone around us how their stay was....no one asked us (wonder why?!?!) I told them about the tub and filthy room and was told &quot;thanks for letting me know&quot; with a snotty attitude. I have never in my life seen such poor customer service anywhere. The elevator is broken so you have to go to the lower level then carry your bags up to the lobby. I then paid for my parking (almost double what I had been originally quoted). I have stayed at this hotel once before and it was okay, but after this experience I would never stay again and advise everyone else to go elsewhere.	
Feb 17 2008 	Not as grand	My boyfriend and I stayed here on 2/15...valentine's weekend, hoping to have a nice, romantic night in the city (we live in the suburbs). We had high expectations, having known many people who had stayed there before, as well as the hotel's fine reputation, but we were severely disappointed.First, there was the room. We booked a room with a king. They confirmed this at check-in, yet put us in a room with two doubles. We called them to correct the mistake, and they were not all that nice. They sent someone up twenty minutes later (we were tired, had dinner reservations, and were looking to relax right away). He gave us new keys to another room, again, without so much as a lame apology. We go to the next room, which was far less nice than the previous one. It had older carpet, a so/so view of the city, and old, peeling plastic on the desk tops. Again, not what I expected for the Fairmont.Then, there was the pool. We love swimming when we stay at hotels, and so I asked them specifically about the pool when we booked the room. They said we could use the one next door at the health club. After dinner, we walk the ten minutes (indoors) between the hotel and the health club, only to learn it was an addition $25 to use the pool, something they certainly hadn't told us. At this point, we complained. They acted interested, but weren't too quick to actually help out. An hour later, they called saying they could comp us the price of the health club. This was 20 min before the pool closed, so we politely refused. They then offered to send a free breakfast, which come 11:30 the next morning, never came. Finally, at checkout we mentioned the mishap. They did give a free lunch at the hotel restaurant (Aria), which was delicious. But quite honestly we really would have preferred that we get treated a bit nicer throughout the whole experience, and correct the actual problem.If this were a lower class hotel, I would have been fine with the stay... I don't expect too much from ordinary places. But from the Fairmont in Chicago, I expected to be treated really well. That wasn't the case. They're also undergoing renovations, so there was drlling at 8 am, and of course, we got an old room in need of updating. I guess it's hit or miss right now there. I won't stay there again. Next time we plan a special weekend downtown, we will certainly find another hotel that will give us the special experience we expected.	
Jan 21 2008 	Abort!! Rude Outdated!	Not what you would expect from a Fairmont. The staff was rude and not helpful. We had to carry our own bags and wait for a valet attendant to take the car. We were given a room with a view of a crane doing construction outside. The bathroom had mold around the edges. There was not a mat or rug for the floor in the shower area. Unless you want to slip and fall on the tile, best to use a towel on the floor.Room service was comparison to a late night Denny's visit. The food was cold and took an hour to get.We were originally looking for a weekend get-a-way for my birthday and planned to relax in the hotel and use the spa. We found ourselves looking for a reason to get out of the hotel and do something else.Would recommend the many other choices in the area that offer true 4 and 5 star accommodations.	
Jan 17 2008 	Outdated . . . Over-Rated	This hotel has a great location, and very friendly staff. However, the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition. I use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for 15 years. Rooms have not been well maintained (old carpets frayed at doors), wall paper peeling off of the walls, TV's from the 80's. There is currently construction going on in the lobby area, making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door.	
Jan 6 2008	Great Location	Great Location; about 2 blocks to Michigan Ave shopping. Rooms are nice size and the staff is very friendly. The Concierge is great with good suggestions. A Big plus, I will stay here again.	
Dec 31 2007 	Can we move in?	My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet, it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey, it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again.	
Dec 31 2007 	Five Star? No way!	Outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay. This hotel's five-star rating needs a downgrade!When I visited this hotel 14 years ago, The Fairmont was among the classiest brands. No more. My 29th floor room was expansive, but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working. The upholstery was frayed, the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water, and the room's door didn't close unless you pulled on it in a certain way. Worse, the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you, with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser. It was like sleeping in an old vending machine, but when I looked for a pen to take a phone message, there was none to be found.Other reviewers remarked that this hotel &quot;needs updating,&quot; but I think some of the original design choices are also to blame. For instance, someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations. I couldn't sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn't accommodate my legs. (I am not unusually tall.)There are so many great hotels in Chicago that deserve five stars, that the Fairmont shouldn't be able to compete. See my profile for better ideas.Niftyc	
Dec 29 2007	Great Stay!	We stayed at the Fairmont for a romantic getaway. The view from the 33rd level was spectacular. We liked the breakfast buffet a lot (ca $30). Parking in the nearby Millenium Garage was not problem - its less than 3 minutes walk and quite cheap. We stayed during the christmas time and enjoyed the long night in the zoo - we really recommend doing this. Overall, the hotel was in good shape and we got a high value for a low price, at about $150 per night. This was ways cheaper than any other hotel in this category in a comparable location.	
Dec 28 2007 	Awesome hotel	We got a great deal on this hotel, just $91 found through travelzoo. We only stayed one night, but were very impressed.The sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property. The hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate.Our room, while not enormous was perfect. We had a great view of the city and lake. The bed was extremely comfortable. We never heard any noise outside of our room.The bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel, two could get ready very comfortably. Location was perfect, just off Michigan Ave and steps away from Millenium Park.We would definetly stay here again, especially if we could get this great deal!	
Dec 3 2007 	Fabulous Thanksgiving Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont on Thanksgiving night for a short little get away. We had a great time!First of all, because of it being Thanksgiving, we got a fantastic deal using the Fairmont's website ($129/night excluding taxes). Check-in could not have been more quick or efficient. I even commented to my husband in the elevator up to our room that I have never checked-in to a hotel so quickly! When making the reservation on-line I wrote in the &quot;special request&quot; box that we would love a fantastic view for our quick romantic get away, not knowing if anybody ever reads them or if it makes any difference. Well, they read them, and the woman who checked us in read it back to me (which sort of embarrassed me) and then gave us a free up-grade to the 30th floor with a wonderful view of Lake Michigan. The room was beautiful, as you can see from our pictures. It looked brand new and was spotless. The room was spacious, had a large flat screen TV, and was just overall lovely. The bed and pillows were comfortable as was the temperature in the room. Our bathrobes were cozy, the water pressure great. Anything you can think of was just what you would expect from a five star. The only thing that was not perfect was the coffee maker. It was some sort of fancy espresso deal and we think it was broken. We had very bad cups of coffee. But that wasn't enough to ruin our good time.Location is perfect! It is just north of Millenium Park. That means that you can park in the Millenium Park Parking Garage for $20.00 a day (instead of the outlandish prices charged at hotels) and walk just under two blocks to the hotel. The hotel is just a few blocks from Macy's (formerly Marshall Fields) and is a short walk to the river. We went out Thanksgiving evening and had a fabulous walk north of the river to see the Christmas lights and then found a little pub to enjoy a few drinks in. Wonderful time. The next day we walked to the Christkindlmarkt (which is lots of fun...you should go if you're in town around Christmas) and saw the Macy's window displays. Chicago is just so great anyway, but we had a fantastic getaway! And the Fairmont was icing on the cake and was a nice home base for our activities.Check out was smooth...but we were charged $20 for items that we never took out of the mini-bar. I found this when we returned home. No big deal. A quick phone call and the charges were promptly removed. We were really lucky to get such a bargain for our room. It made it that much grander. But, I would definitely recommend this hotel to any vacationers or weekenders.	
Nov 15 2007 	Needs an upgrade	2 Bedroom Suite was spacious but the room needs upgrading, shower and TV's are from the 80's. Room was not ready till after 3pm. Bed was very comfortable and sushi restaurant downstiars had a good vibe.	
Nov 15 2007 	Hotel Pretty Okay Location can't be beat	Recently enjoyed a three night stay here. The hotel overall is nice with typical signs of aging. Our room was spacious and very accommodating, but probably could use a good deep cleaning as evidenced by the dust on the furnishings. Bed was very comfortable. Slept like a baby. Somehow my photo of the entire room didn't download properly so can't show you the size of room, but it was definitely one of the largest non-suites I've stayed in. The view was off the charts. Bathroom was nice and large with separate water closet, shower, and tub, all tiled in pretty marble. The concierge club was nicely decorated (a lot more updated than rest of hotel) with awesome views, great continental breakfast, and chic snacks in the evening and two computers with easy Internet access but not worth the extra expense, in my opinion. I think it's a romantic property based on location and cozy, traditional furnishings. It's a block or two east of Michigan Avenue in a quiet little area so it was nice to return afer experiencing the hustle and bustle of the city. The best description is &quot;nice.&quot; I wasn't blown away but when my husband is in town for business he enjoys it for the location, which is less than a 5 minute walk to the office, and the room service. Try the halibut.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great but beware of the 'spa/gym facilities'	Lovely hotel, great service and helpful staff! We got an early check-in, a late check-out and upgraded to a lake view room. The concierge staff was wonderful and very helpful. Apparently, the new spa will be opening in Jan but the gym/pool/jacuzzi facilities are not really inside the hotel, rather within an adjoining health club. They charge $20 pp to use the jacuzzi (unless you're a member of the president's club) and I don't recommend walking in your robes. . . past the business center, by a sushi restaurant and through the health club!! Also, use of the jacuzzi is not available after 6pm! Just not what we were expecting. That being said however, we'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 5 2007 	Lovely and friendly hotel	We stayed at the Fairmont two nights for the SOFA art fair at the Navy Pier. I was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly, which is quite unusual. Everyone smiled and welcomed us.The lobby looks clean and friendly, not ultramodern, but not at all tired or worn. Our room, also clean and comfortably furnished, was larger than we expected, with a clean, modern bath and a lovely view of the Navy Pier and the lake. We did not eat at the restaurant, but it looked attractive.Our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows, upon reserving the room, upon checking in, and calling housekeeping. After waiting an hour, we went to bed. The next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned, all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials. The hotel is convenient to Millenium Park and Michigan Ave. We would stay there again, assuming we could get good rates.	
Nov 1 2007	Great except for the beds	This is luxury hotel in a location that is walkable to many if not most Chicago tourist sights; Millenium Park, State Street shopping, the Art Institute, Archicenter, Oriental Theater and great River 21 cinema, plus it's just a bit of a hike to the Water Tower area. Catch the #10 or #6 bus south to the Museum of Science and Industry ($2 exact change fare) to see one of the world's greatest museums. Chicago style pizza is about a block away at Giordano's. We also ate at Sopprafina's, a nice lunch place (with some al fresco tables) in the Aon complex next store (ground level). That area also offers a full service post office and Starbucks. Also nearby is the new Tavern at the Park restaurant. We couldn't get in there because we didn't have reservations so plan ahead if you want to go. ( It's supposed to have a great view of Millenium Park.) The Fairmont offers a swanky bar, highly rated restaurant (Aria), elegant furnishings, bathrobes, etc. Having stayed at many hotels in the Loop and Chicago, this one was the quietest of all. Super quiet, both in terms of exterior noise and room to room noise. The only reason we would not come back here is the beds. They were very uncomfortable. The room had two full-sized beds (not queen) and they just did not support two average-sized adults. A restless night and morning backache just aren't acceptable. However, for the single traveler this place would be great. 4 stars for the Fairmont but if we are traveling with the kids, we will probably opt for the Doubletree or Westin.	
Oct 28 2007 	Bland and expensive	The hotel is in a really good location, but I found it bland and not particularly good value. The room was a reasonable size, with all the mod cons, but there was something about the atmosphere that made me think guests were a bit of an interruption to the running of the hotel. They tend to charge you extra for just about everything (wireless internet? why?) though the business centre downstairs sent my postcards for free. The gym is a great experience, worth the 20US just to see the place. I had a great swim, and the atmosphere was excellent. They will also lend you an umbrella if it starts to rain.	
Oct 22 2007 	Enjoyed My Stay	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from October 19, 2007 to October 21, 2007 in room 1705. Overall we were very pleased with the hotel, its staff, and the room itself. My wifes employer paid for the room so it would be really obnoxious for me to complain about anything. However, for the integrity of this review I will pretend I paid the going rate when evaluating my hotel stay.The room was above average in terms of space and the bathroom area was exceptional. The bed was very comfortable and the quality of the pillows and sheets was very good. The room came with a minibar we did not use. It had separate shower and tub parts as well as a separate area for the toilet. The tub was very large as well. The bathroom had two vanity areas, one with a makeup mirror. We particularly liked the quality of the complimentary shampoos and lotions. There were complimentary bathrobes as well. The television had a large selection of channels to choose from. Our room had a nice view of Millennium Park. Other rooms had nice views of the Navy Pier. The lobby area was spacious. There were 7 elevators and they were very quick.The staff of the hotel was its greatest asset. Everyone was very friendly and constantly offering to help. While we were walking through the front doors my wife commented to me how thirsty she was. The doorman overheard her comment and immediately got her a free bottle of water. There were also free water bottles when we were waiting to be checked in. The hotel is located in a very good section of Chicago close to the river. It is just a short walk from Michigan Avenue a.k.a. The Magnificent Mile. There was a Walgreens 5 minutes away where we loaded up on snacks and drinks. We recommend Bobs Bike Hike located a short walk up Michigan Avenue. They provided a nice guided tour of Northern Chicago.Our stay was not perfect though. Probably the most disappointing aspect of the hotel is the reduced fee use of the athletic facility next door. The hotel itself does not have a pool or gym, but they have an arrangement with a top quality athletic club next to the hotel. However, to use the facility costs $20.00 a day! If the Fairmont wishes to call itself a five-star hotel and charge guests $200+ a night, guests should not be charged to use a gym or swim in a pool. Even lesser quality Best Westerns or Holiday Inns will often have free use of a gym, pool, or hot tub. Also, although we were offered free bottles of water by the staff, in the room there was a bottle of water next to the minibar. To drink that water would result in a $10.00 charge to your hotel bill, yes, $10.00! That is simply insulting.Although we usually avoid staying in fancy hotels to save money, this hotel definitely stood out and met almost all of our expectations. We would stay here again.Marc T. Hardekopf	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Weekend Stay	Found a &quot;bed &amp; breakfast&quot; weekend rate on the Fairmont website. It allowed ordering from the menu in the resto (Aria) or room-service breakfast in bed. Since our breakfasts came to more than $40 for two, this package was a deal. Room was fairly large, with well-worn marble bathroom. Linens (duvet) and bathrobe were excellent, and the pillow-top mattresses comfy. Makeup mirror a plus.The hotel is one block north of Millenium Park. Based on advice from a &quot;Local Expert&quot; in the TA forums, we parked in the East Monroe garage under Millenium Park ($18/day compared to the $45 dailey rate for valet.) That was great advice. The hotel is a bit of a walk from the river North resto's we like, which is not a problem in good weather (might not have been pleasant in biting cold.) The hotel is very quiet since it is not on a busy street.Join the Fairmont's President's Club to get free internet (not wireless) and free use of the adjacent health club, which includes use of free Adidas workout clothes.	
Sep 24 2007	Loved the Fairmont	Great stay! The staff could not be friendlier, the facilities are nice and it really was a great value $169 per night. Close to the river, few blocks to subway. Highly recommend	
Sep 23 2007 	Wonderful views staff gym and linens	Best views! Most terrific gym. Not sure how anyone could say it has limited number of machines. The linens are superb. High parking rates but what tourist drives a car here. Will stay here again for sure.	
Sep 18 2007	Great hotel - Not great location	The hotel itself was great- clean rooms, good ammenities, nice staff, etc. The location, however, was a bit removed from the mix. When you walk out of the hotel there is not much around- you must walk a few blocks to reach any action- resturants, the park, stores, etc. We still walked all over Chicago and had a great time but would have prefered a better location. Last year I stayed at Hotel 71 and that hotel/location was great!	
Sep 17 2007	Wonderful Hotel.	We have just returned from the Fairmont Chicago for a weekend retreat. My husband and I enjoyed every minute of our mini trip. We often take these weekend getaways and prefer to stay at 5 star hotels. We loved the location, it's quiet and not to far from anything. The concierge were fantastic, and always efficient with their services. We loved the Nine steak house, and the ghost bar. We also went to the Rockit bar and grille which was a great atmosphere with classic rock music, and a great burger. chicago has fantastic shopping along Michigan ave, and side streets. We loved the Neiman Marcus store and Saks across the way. Chicago is a great city!!	
Sep 16 2007 	Theft	Clothes and jewlry stolen from room. Fairmont security not very responsive. I filed a police report with Chicago PD. As a women whio frequently travel on business, I didn't feel safe staying in this hotel. The hotel even charged me $30.00 to call the police department.	
Sep 9 2007 	nice hotel with discounted rooms	We stayed three nights at the Fairmont in August. This hotel heavily discounts its room rates, which makes it an attractive place to stay for the traveler that is looking for a convenient downtown location and nothing particularly special. The complimentary continental breakfast was ho-hum, comparable to a comfort inn. I did use the free fitness room, which had a limited number of cardio machines. The hotel was clean and quiet.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Location Excellent Service	In town for a conference and got a great rate. Hotel location was excellent, right next to Millenium Park. Walk to Michigan Ave, Lake, North Pier and Navy Pier. Close to restaurants, Art Institute, Cultural Center and architectural boat tours. Hotel staff outstanding! The hotel has a first come/first serve complimentary Bentley! Lucky enough to ride in it on a Saturday night - we felt very cool! The hotel asked what we wanted and we got it - local paper in the morning rather than NY paper, regular coffee maker instead of a capp. maker, etc. Restaurant food delicious and service super friendly.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Hotel	It was a great hotel with large and bright rooms. The location was also great, walking distance from major attractions.	
Aug 24 2007 	Can't Go Wrong with the Fairmont	We just returned from a four-night stay at the Fairmont Chicago. This is a wonderful hotel. Our room was always immaculate. One funny thing was that the staff inconsistently set up the room. We were given mouthwash on the first day only. On the first two days, there was no coffee maker. Magically, one appeared on the third day (it was a fancy espresso machine). None of these quirks matter to me, but I know some travelers on these boards blow a gasket over this stuff, so I wanted to point it out. One incredible thing was that even though there was construction outside, our room was always quiet. Service at the hotel was fantastic. Our bags were delivered to our room very quickly, and the bellhop was great about setting up our suitcases. When we called downstairs to let the management know our TV didn't work right, they immediately sent up a maintenance worker who fixed the problem.Transportation from the hotel was very easy - whenever we wanted a cab, there was always one idling outside. We never used the Bentley, since we never went anywhere glamorous enough that we wouldn't feel flashy showing up in it.The hotel gives guests free passes to the ENORMOUS adjoining Lakeshore Athletic Club. Given the amount of cheese and bacon we ate on this trip, it was great to have such a nice gym. My wife purchased a session with a personal trainer who was very up-to-date on the latest exercise machines and techniques and charged a reasonable fee.Others have commented on the speed of the elevators. They really are amazing - we never had to wait more than 15 seconds for service (yes, I timed it). We live in NYC and spend a good deal of our lives waiting for elevators, so this was a nice treat.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Location and Great Service at the Fairmont Chicago	I booked a regular room, but asked for a room on an upper level and not near the elevators. Our room, on the 17th floor had a view of the lake. The hotel service is great. The restaurant Aria is very nice if a bit pricey, but eat in the lounge where they offer a bar menu. The hotel is located near Michigan Ave and Wacker. The Fairmont is a short walk to the fantastic Millenium Park and Arti Institute of Chicago. The rooms are large enough so you aren't running into your mate. There is a mirrored vanity dressing area so that you can fix your hair and do your make-up, etc. and free up the bathroom. It seems to me all the staff were very helpful and friendly as was the rest of downtown Chicago.	
Aug 20 2007 	Very nice	We stayed at the Fairmont for the Chicago Air and Water Show. We arrived early and we were able to check in right away. The service was great!!!! We were upgraded to a Lake View room. We were in room 2003 on the 20th floor. The room was nice. The view was incredible, we had a south view of the city, millenium park, grant park, and the musuem campus. We were able to see Buckingham Fountain it was a very nice view. We liked the fact that the windows opened, it was great to get fresh air in the room. The decor was ok, it reminded me of something my grandmother would find as &quot;fancy&quot; not as modern as I like but very nice. The bedding was comfortable, there were marble tops on the dressers and bed stands. The room was very large. The bathroom was great....seperate tub and shower, robes provided on the back door. They supplied enough towels (so many hotels are stingy with towels) the bath supplies were nice, and the toliet was in an enclosed area with a sliding door. There were marble tops and floors in the bathroom but once again it seemed a little worn. There was a vanity with lights outside the bathroom...it was very 80's but a nice touch if updated. We had no use for the closet since we were there just one night but it was huge.Room service was very good, very quick and polite. We ordered 2 sandwiches one with fries, one with salad. We also ordered chicken fingers from the kids menu with fruit salad. It was great!!!! Very efficient, the gentleman who brought our food set up a table in the room and we rather enjoyed the dinner and experience. It cost about $50 which in the Chicago Michigan Avenue area at this is a good price for in-room dining for three. The fruit salad was out of this world not 3 pieces of melon thrown on the plate it had blueberries, rasberries, blackberries, cantalope and honeydew. The salad was also good not just a few pieces of iceburg....it had a european blend with carrots, tomatoes and cucumbers. The breakfast buffet was adequate. Not worth the $25 per person. Our daughter was free, but the buffet was not replenished and consisted of 2 types of eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit, yogurt and pastries...there was also some lox, capers, tomatoes and onions. If you need to eat in the hotel it is ok but if you can venture out to Michigan Ave. there was some places for much less money and better quality. I am suprised since other Fairmont's I have stayed at (Banff) have the most incredible breakfast buffets. The staff in the restaurant were very sweet. Georgia in the restaurant was especially nice. The coffee was great!!!!The lobby is beautiful with nice places to sit, even thought it is all marble and grand...it is very warm and inviting. The location is great for Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. and Millenium Park. We self parked at AON Center to save money, Valet is over $40. Over all we loved this place...it was nice, friendly, the room was large and the location was great!!!	
Aug 12 2007	Average for the level	We stayed at the Fairmont Chicago the first weekend of August 2007. The check-in person was very nice, and took our luggage tags promising to get our stuff delivered to our room. 1.5 hours and numerous calls later we still hadnt received our luggage in our room. I finally had to go downstairs and track down our luggage with the bell man.Our room was on the sixth floor with a lakeview (supposedly), but could only see a small sliver of the lake with numerous other buildings blocking our view. There is another building planned to come up right in front of it in around 2-3 years and that should block all the remaining view plus provide lots of construction disturbance in the meantime.The room itself was fine and clean and spacious. But given the star level and how much I paid for this room, I expected a whole lot more. I found the Swissotel across the street much nicer compared to this.	
Aug 11 2007 	Overall good experience	I was in Chicago the week of Independence Day for vacation. I was very pleased with the Fairmont Chicago. The room I stayed in was very clean and in good order. I dined at the hotel each night of my stay. I was pleased with the vegetarian choices since I am mostly vegetarian. The room service was quick and friendly.The Fairmont Chicago is in an ideal location. I walked to the Art Institute and the Archictectural River Cruise. And it was a short hop by public transit to the Museum of Contemporary Art and The Historical Society.I am a runner and I was glad to use the indoor track in the adjacent health club. I told them that I was a Fairmont President's Club member and was able to use the facility free.I recommend this hotel to others and plan to return again in the future.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great location great stay	Made last minute reservations to stay overnight for the nearby Taste of Chicago and the fireworks. Just a great hotel thoughout.Highly recommended.	
Aug 7 2007 	One night stay	Very elegant with excellent service. Great location near the South Shore railroad station and the Metra as well as one block from Michigan Avenue. Very clean and well maintained.	
Jul 29 2007 	Good Property Great Staff	Stayed here for a 4 day business trip. The rooms in this hotel are very nice. The beds are very comfortable, business set up is more than adequate with very good internet service. Rooms are spacious and clean, with the bathroom set away from the main area of the room. Guests have the choice of either a shower stall or sit-in bath. Save yourself some money and join their President's Club and you receive free telephone and internet usage. This savings can be substantial. The one thing that stood out here was the staff. My name was always used and you felt the guest's experience was very important. Doormen taking the time to check cabs for left items when each guest departed a cab. When I pointed this out to one of the doormen his answer was &quot;This is your home while your in Chicago. I wouldn't want your time here to be ruined by a lost phone.&quot; I appreciate that, since it has happend before. This hotel also has a great lobby lounge, which is the perfect meeting place for socializing. The staff here is also quick and polite. Although I did not eat at the restaurant I have heard that it is very good too.The only drawback is the valet parking charge of $45 per day. I understand that parking is at a premium in Chicago, but $45 seems high. So, my two tips, invest in the cab ride from the airport and join their President's Club.Enjoy your stay!	
Jul 24 2007 	First rate Fairmont	I have stayed at the Fairmont a couple of times now, for business. The rooms are very comfortable, especially the beds - important to business travelers! There is a nice desk with internet connection, did not have any problems getting on line. The bathroom is separated from the room, which just creates a little nicer &quot;living&quot; space. I recommend a higher floor, have heard there are sometimes noise issues at night -- i did not experience this as i stayed on higher floor. There is a nice bar in the front of the lobby, as well as a restaurant. Plus there is a decent sized convenience store, these amenities are nice since it is not located on Michigan Ave like some of its competitors are.The fitness club is not owned by Fairmont, but they do comp you a pass at the gym next door, which is huge and very nice - and just a short underground walk. Overall I would call the Fairmont a solid choice.	
Jul 22 2007 	Join the President's Club before booking	To keep from paying additional fees for phones and Internet use, join the President's Club before you book your stay. I stayed four nights, Sunday through Thursday, and would have been charged for Internet use and phone use each day. They are free with membership in the President's Club. There was a huge line for checking in. The President's Club only line got me through check-in quickly. The rooms are very comfortable and the staff were friendly and always willing to help. I was there for a large conference and the serving staff for meals provided as part of the conference were excellent. The food was also prepared well and tasted great. I never used the restaurant, but others were describing the experience as superb.The Taste of Chicago was ending the day I arrived. I walked to the park from the Fremont and had a wonderful time getting the sample sizes from several vendors.The Navy Pier is a little far to walk, but with good shoes and company, I recommend the visit. Be sure to visit the Stained Glass Museum there.I will stay here again if I visit Chicago in the future.	
Jul 21 2007 	Loved my stay in Chicago!	I stayed at the Fairmont on July 6 &amp; 7. While this isn't the most physically appealing hotel, the staff from the bellhops, front desk, concierges to housekeeping were well trained in customer service. They were all a delight! My meals and room at the hotel were great. The food is a little high but the quality was good. My room had a beautiful view of the city. My concerns were the poor condition of the entry you have to walk over to get to the front entrance. I wear heels and I was always having to dodge the big holes and cracks in the brick. Not a good thing. There is a nice deli/store very close to the Fairmont called Bockwinkles. Great place to stock up on soda, snacks and inexpensive freshly made sandwiches. I loved Chicago and plan to go back. I would consider the Fairmont if the price were right but there are alot of hotels in Chicago.	
Jul 19 2007 	NOT a Five Star Hotel	My co-worker and I stayed here for four nights while in town for a conference. After my experience, I decided to write a review because, when vacationing, I NEVER stay anywhere without reading the Trip Advisor reviews. I have stayed at plenty of three, four and five star hotels. When I got back from my business trip and looked up Fairmont Chicago on Trip Advisor, I was shocked to see it had a five star rating. Let me assure you . . .it is not five star!! It's an okay hotel, just not five star. Too bad if the hotel has that rating just because of the name . . .The lobby was decent and we had no problems with the front desk staff and the concierge. Our interactions and experiences at those counters went very smooth. They were cordial and helpful. Where this hotel fell very, very short was the condition of the rooms and housekeeping. I got to see three rooms (two regular rooms and one suite) so my reference is not just the room I stayed in. The rooms are nothing special. The furniture and the rooms need a real face lift to reach that five star category. Our furniture was old and worn and the both corners of the marble desk top that wern't against the wall were completely broken off. The first thing I noticed was how filthy the carpets were. No, not dirty, filthy. As I was contemplating wearing socks whenever I was in the room, my co-worker pointed out a piece of popcorn under the nightstand table and then we noticed that her bed frame was broken and it stuck way out. She didn't dare try putting any pressure on the mattress, she thought it might collapse. We called to get a different room but, the only other room with two beds that was availaable was closer to the jackhammering that was going on. We asked about that also and were told that the Spa was being remodeled. My first thought was, why not the rooms? I went to the restroom and looked down at the floor. I saw hair so I grabbed a handful of TP and swiped around the floor. I came out of the bathroom and showed my roommate. It looked like I just emptied my hair brush onto the TP. Oh, and I forgot to mention that as I sat down on the toiled, my bottom got all wet. The cleaning solution had been sprayed on the toilet but the toilet was not cleaned or wiped off. Now this is disgusting but, I must say it because it is true, there was also dried blood on the front of the toilet that hadn't been cleaned. Our houskeeper clearly had her eyes closed while cleaning the room. If her eyes were open and she were trained well, she would have reported the broken bed frame instead of making the bed around it, she would have seen the popcorn on the floor, the dried blood on the toilet and the disgustingly filthy carpets. Funny thing, after we had called to get the room changed and told them why, they came and cleaned our carpets while we were out at dinner that night. When we got back, they were WAY cleaner. Yes, maintenance and housekeeping responded to our long list of itmes (including the horribly squeaky bathroom door and the dirt and grime all over the front of the bathroom vanity) but what gets me is that why, if I am staying at a FIVE STAR hotel, am I doing the quality assurance on the room, and not the hotel staff. Reactive grade: B- (my room mate might give a lower grade), proactive grade: F. Oh yeah, they also forgot to clean our room one day. After getting back from the conference for the day, our room was in the condition we left it. I had to run around our floor looking for towels. I saw no hosekeeping cart in sight anywhere on our floor (surprise, surprise). I saw a door and pushed in open. Jackpot, the service elevators and houskeeping area. I saw a (not so organized) pile of towels heaped on top of a cart. As I walked over to grab a couple, I could here the crew (behind the wall) laughing and having a good old time. Chicago was a great city to visit, just don't stay at Fairmont Chicage if you like clean hotel rooms.	
Jul 18 2007	I love this hotel!!	My partner and I have stayed at many hotels in Chicago and have to say that this is, by far, the best experience we've had in the windy city.We usually have someone house sit while we are away but this time they were not available so we had to bring along our dog.I was very concerned about which hotels would accept dogs and also where we would walk her. Staying in the heart of Michigan Ave. really didn't seem like an option, since this area is mostly cement. I found that the Fairmont is the answer... 1.5 blocks to Millenium Park and Grant Park, 3-4 blocks to the theatre district (WICKED is a must see), 1.5 blocks to S. Michigan Ave., 2-3 blocks to Lake Michigan. The room was very spacious, clean and quiet and we had an exceptional view of the city AND the lake (Room # 1106). The staff is extremely courteous and Aria restaraunt is fabulous. Don't miss it. We ventured down to Aria during our last night for a drink and were very disappointed that we didn't check it out earlier; Loved the ambiance, staff, and the drinks.Everything is within walking distance but make sure you have some good walking shoes. We had sandals and after walking down to Water Tower Place we were developing blisters so had to stop and get some tennis shoes. I cannot compliment the Fairmont enough. EVERYTHING was perfect and we will definately be staying here whenever we go to Chicago, which is about twice a year.P.S. My dog really loved this hotel too and the attention she got from everyone.	
Jul 16 2007 	Overrated 	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Fairmont for 3 nights. The staff(except the front desk &amp; weekend manager) were nice, especially the concierge &amp; bell-hops. Our room was a little worn down &amp; the a/c would not keep the room cool. The hallways were dirty &amp; stained on our floor(33rd). We enjoyed ourselves anyway, not letting the accommodations dictate whether we had a good time or not. Things went downhill upon checkout.We booked a rate that included a $50.00 dollar room credit for any charges used in the bar, restaurant or mini-bar for each night staying there. We even made a special effort to visit the front desk to make sure we followed their rules the first night. They conveniently &quot;forgot&quot; to credit any of the room charges per THEIR promotion upon auto checkout. I went to the front desk &amp; I had to explain the promotion to them. I had printed out the info from the Fairmont website before hand. The front desk clerk &amp; then weekend manager at first said that you had to spend exactly $50.00 dollars for it to be applied. After I explained to her how absurd that would be she then proceed to rudely tell me it only applied per night, i.e. from check in to midnight was one night. Which made it impossible to have breakfast &amp; dinner on the same day or breakfast on the day of checkout. It took 20 minutes to get it even partly right. They seemed to be perturbed that we would question their billing.The worst part of the ordeal was the attitude of the Manager on duty that at first refused to even credit any charges and then still left over $60.00 that should have been credited back. It was not the money that made us mad(we had 2 dinners elsewhere that each cost $250.00+ that weekend), it was the rudeness &amp; ineptness of the manager that made me dig my heels in. I feel it was fraud to offer the promotion &amp; not follow thru. For some reason the manager tried to set up her own rules &amp; not follow the corporate policies. I will have a hard time staying at another Fairmont ever again. The hotel is a 2 1/2 star(maybe) but the front desk &amp; manager turned it into a one star. They should sell their Bentley and invest in customer relations classes	
Jul 5 2007 	Fabulous Hotel with Amazing Restaurant	I spent 7 nights at this hotel for a business trip and just loved it. The room was gorgeous and it had the biggest, nicest bathroom I've seen in a hotel, and I've been in a lot of hotels. The restaurant just blew me away. I ate 3 meals (b,l,d) there and they were all incredible. In fact I still think one of the best meals I've ever had (and I eat out plenty on the company) was at Aria. If you like Asian Fusion and don't mind spending some money, don't miss it!	
Jul 2 2007 	More than described/expected	This was luck of the draw as we attempted to book a quality hotel during the first weekend of &quot;Taste&quot;. The rooms were larger than expected and quite comfortable. More importantly was both the location and the use of the house car to get to local downtown attractions/restaurants with ease. You could not have asked for a better/more imformative staff. We would definately stay here again	
Jun 15 2007 	Not what we booked	Stayed here in June 2007.Our travel agent had booked for us a deluxe room with club lounge access. We prepaid for all this, and had documentation showing it when we checked in. But the desk clerk gave us a standard room, and we had to spend quite a long time arguing for the club access, which we only got after she had gone away and made a phone call. She quite obviously didn't care about giving us what we had booked and paid for at all. When the invoice came on the last day, we were charged again for the prepaid room. This did get sorted out, but we have not yet received a refund for the difference in the cost of the room that we had, and the one that we booked and paid for.The room was nice enough, not a bad size and we liked the fact that the bathroom had a separate bathtub and shower.The staff in the club lounge were helpful, as was the concierge. The staff in the business centre mailed our postcards for us at no charge when the concierge did not have any stamps at the right rate for Europe. The service in the bar was good.NB - there is construction work happening in front of the hotel. It looked to us as if this would greatly reduce the already limited lake view.	
Jun 12 2007 	Okay but there are hotels in better location for the same price.	The Fairmont is a nice hotel and for the most part we were happy with the room. However, for the same price one can stay on Michigan Ave. -- like at the Intercontinental and be close to shopping, restaurants, etc. If I had it to do over, I would book a different hotel. The service was substandard. We were never given fresh glasses once we used the first set that was in the room when we arrived. Additionally, the few requests that we made -- pillows, microwave and fresh glasses took HOURS to get to us and in the case of the glasses we NEVER got fresh ones. The microwave took 4 hours and when it arrived it was a huge 1980's model that wouldn't even fit on any surface in the room! The front dest was helpful or tried to be but once the info. left the front desk things fell apart. I would stay at another property for the same money ... more centrally located to Michigan Ave. -- it was nice and the beds were comfy,.	
Jun 12 2007 	Generally Good But Not Perfect	I stayed here for two nights in late May 2007 for a conference. The hotel location is very central, just one block south of the river and a couple of blocks east of Michigan Ave. The first thing that struck me was the very high level of service from everyone with whom I had contact (reception, concierge, doorman, porter, etc), therefore I was a little surprised when some things weren't quite right. When we arrived at the room (32nd floor) there was a used fold-up cot in the room that hadn't been taken away by housekeeping. This was quickly (and very apologetically) taken care of. Also, on the last day housekeeping came by very early (8am) to see if we were ready to check-out - not sure why, and it seemed like they were trying to rush us. The room itself was a decent size and was fairly well appointed, but not luxurious. One minor note - considering we were on the 32nd floor we never had to wait long for an elevator. Overrall, the hotel is obviously very proud of its high level of service, however little things prevent me from giving it a very high rating. We paid the conference rate of $230 - higher than I'm used to paying for a hotel room, therefore I'm probably holding it to a higher standard than usual.	
Jun 5 2007 	Very Good Stay	My wife and just returned from a weekend stay at the Fairmont. Overall, we had a very good stay. Though we booked a standard room, they gave us a room with a view of the lake on a high floor. We heard a bit too much noise from the halls (mostly our neighbor's door slamming, which woke me up early Sat. morning) so the very accommodating front desk manager moved us to a better and more expensive room for the same price. It was a great room with an even better view. It was worth asking the manager since the young inexperienced front desk staff weren't inclined to do as much for us. It's a very nice hotel, with a very comfortable bed and chairs, nice room amenities, big bathroom with separate shower and bath, very clean, pretty tasty breakfast and room service (at prices generally reasonable for these sort of hotels). Also, it's an excellent location--within walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and very close to Millenium and Grant Parks and the Lake. The only downsides: the concierge folks generally didn't know much about the area or Chicago (perhaps they were students, like some of the young front desk staff seemed to me); and the room shower needed updating. I definitely recommend.	
Jun 3 2007 	Had a great time... excellent hotel for the price	Had a great stay at this four-star hotel. As a member of the Fairmont President's Club, I was upgraded to a suite with a lake view. The hotel is situated a few blocks from Lakeshore Drive and a few condo towers block some of the view, but I loved looking out at the lake nonetheless. The lobby is very plush... if you squint, it looks like a Four Seasons. My suite was extremely well-maintained with new carpeting and wallpaper, but the style was a little like an early 90s Ritz-Carlton and somewhat underfurnished. The bed was not bad, not amazing. No plasma TVs here. The bathroom was large and mostly marble, but the shower stall was covered in cheap yellow bathroom tile... a weird choice but since the hotel dates back to the late 80s, probably original to the room. Another great thing... for a hotel of this size (almost 700 rooms), I never had to wait for an elevator. It does make a difference when you stay several days.On the weekend when I arrived, the hotel was full of families staying at the great weekend rate ($199). Alas, the one next door woke me at 6:15 AM with their screaming toddlers, who apparently were encouraged to be as loud and obnoxious as they could be by their parents for the next three hours. Finally had to call the front desk to complain. After the rude family checked out, however, the suite was very quiet. As the week progressed, the hotel filled up with a very nice, well-dressed international convention crowd. It made for a much nicer stay. Free internet access can be had in the business center for 30 minutes... a nice touch, considering the last Westin I stayed at charged me a dollar a minute to go online. Valet parking is $45 a night, with in and out privileges. You can probably do a little better in the numerous garages nearby, but not that much better.Had one breakfast in the hotel's very nice restaurant Aria... excellent service by a female server named Michael. The rest of the time, walked over to a little Italian place next to the Hotel 71 on the river (ask the concierge). It has a fantastic location, if they let you dine outside. If not, there's a Corner Bakery next door with outdoor dining. Weather permitting, I found it's a great city to dine outdoors in.The Fairmont is located on the south side of the river adjacent to the large Lakeshore East development of tall condo towers. There are very few restaurants nearby, and even fewer shops... but the setting is far less touristy than anything on Michigan Avenue, which is a relatively short walk away. The good news is you can easily walk to the amazing Art Institute and new Millennium Park a few blocks south. The latter features a stunning outdoor mirrored sculpture that was a highlight of my trip.They just started building (this week) a 900 foot high condo/hotel tower across the street called Aqua (which will apparently house another Fairmont Hotel) which may block the already partially obscured lake view. Also, the Blue Cross building across the street is also adding 24 stories to its height... so there may be some noise issues soon while staying at the Fairmont. But Chicago is in the middle of a building boom, so what can you do?All in all, the Fairmont was an excellent place to stay in a surprisingly great city. I had a wonderful time, in no small part to my spacious suite in the very well run hotel. Fairmonts (in my experience) aren't quite at the level of a Four Seasons or Ritz-Carlton, but when you can get one for a great price, they are a really tempting alternative.A few Chicago tips from my stay... the burger place at the Sheraton a few blocks away has really tasty burgers and a riverfront location with tables outside. There's also a tavern/restaurant called (I believe) Lizzie O'Neil's next door where they have a sidewalk dining under the trees and next to the river as well. I recommend the tuna sandwich.If you want to see the night scene on Rush Street (at the north end of Michican Avenue), the Tavern on Rush has pretty good food and the best sidewalk dining in the area. If you're lucky (or unlucky, in my opinion), you may even get to see a solo Jerry Springer walk by your table checking out the loud, happy people drinking and eating there.There's a charming outdoor dining area at the Art Institute with good food, really friendly service (which I didn't always find in Chicago) and amazing ambience under the leafy trees and adjacent to the large fountain.Definitely take the architectural river tour of Chicago's skyscrapers. Go to chicagoline.com for details (there are several of these tours, but this company does a smart, classy job with extremely well-informed guides and even gives you free lemonade and cookies).Good pizza can be found two blocks from the hotel at Giordano's (a chain in Chicago). Really good prices, surprisingly good food.One last thought: I have NEVER been to a city (and this includes New York and Beijing) where I have encountered ruder drivers. The cabbies will actively try to run you down (not kidding) if you enter a crosswalk in front of them, and local drivers are almost as aggressive. It's an unpleasant local trait that the city really needs to work on. It made me appreciate the courtesy L.A. drivers will give you, and that's saying something.	
May 29 2007 	Terrific anniversary on Mem Day weekend	My wife and I spent 3 nights at The Fairmont and had a terrific time. We arrived early (10 AM) and a room was available. I had mentioned to the person I booked with by phone that this was an anniversary trip and this info had been transmitted to the desk. We got a lakeview room and as described by others , the room is large and well decorated. The bathroom is excellent but could use a minor update. We were sent chocolate strawberries the first night and were given vouchers for a full breakfast as well as a drink in the hotel lobby. The recommendations for restaurants were excellent. I should add we got a great rate by phone, ie $119 a night. Perhaps, this had something to do with it being Memorial Day weekend. In any event, The Fairmont helped provide for a great weekend and the entire staff seemed to go the extra step to help.	
May 24 2007 	loved it	Great location and quality place to stay.Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great.Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars.Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality.The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guestsMany thanks to all it was a great place to stay.	
May 22 2007 	Merits Another Stay	We were guests of the Fairmont from April 27 to May 3 while attending the International Trademarks Association annual meeting. The hotel was an official one and we paid a rate of $239.00 per night. We are members of the Presidents Club, so we had complimentary internet service and access to the Athletic Club. The latter is a membership facility not exclusive to hotel guests. It connects to the hotel but is off-site. We took a look at the gym but found the distance and more public nature of the facility off-putting. The hotel is well located to the Magnificent Mile, the Art Institute, and many fine restaurants. Our room did not have the vistas that some posters have reported: we looked at other high rises, not the park or lake. It was, however, quite spacious and featured some welcome touches, like a valet stand and shoe polisher. The bathroom had both a separate shower and bathtub. There was also an ante-room with vanity, mirror, and closet that I particularly enjoyed. Fittings are typical, but the bedding, including linen, was very comfortable. Two bathrobes were provided and towels were thick and plentiful. The only deficiency in terms of amenities -- no coffee maker. An a la carte breakfast, however, is served featuring pastries, yogurt, fresh fruit, and coffee in the hotels beautiful lobby each morning and the price point is reasonable. A more formal breakfast is served in the hotels restaurant, Aria. (Our review of that is posted).Concierge service was excellent. Gail and Hailey suggested many lovely restaurant choices and secured reservations on limited notice. All staff were extremely friendly and gracious.The hotel offers a refresh service of the room in the evening that requires that one call. Two bottles of water, turn down, fresh towels, and a general cleaning of the room are provided. This service was spotty. We also had some problems with regular housekeeping service. Our view of hotels is that there will typically be problems: the litmus test is how a hotel handles these problems. We ultimately felt heard and the hotel rectified all issues. Moreover, they provided us with the use of the hotels Bentley one evening, complimentary certificates for breakfast, and sent a fruit plate as compensation gestures. To sum up, we enjoyed the hotel and would most definitely stay there again	
May 14 2007 	I love the Fairmont	I never stayed at a Fairmont before my one night stay and did not know what to expect. I thought it would be stuffy and have steered clear of the chain in the past. I have been wrong. The hotel was reasonably priced compared to other hotels with the same rating. My room had a view of the shore line and was three blocks from Michigan Ave. The bathroom amenities were very nice and the soap smelled of lemons. The casual brunch offering on Sunday was nice and uncomplicated. You could help yourself to toast, fruit, coffee, and cereal (for a price of course). The best thing in the room was the automatic shoe cleaner, the thick bath robe, and comfy bed with down pillows.	
May 14 2007 	Great hotel	Stayed at the Fairmont this month for business/fun and it was a great hotel. The room was comfortable and the hotel had that neat old world style that makes you feel like a princess. The staff was able to get us last minute reservations on a saturday night at a nice restaurant for a large group and they were happy to provide directions to whereever we were travelling. I will mention that they didn't seem to be able to make suggestions for anything beyond the loop area but their suggestions were all good. The staff was great and we enjoyed the staff.	
May 4 2007 	Great Stay at the Fairmont!	Stayed here for one night last November (2006) &amp; wished I had been here for entire visit (was at the CP Silversmith for 3 nts). Moved to Fairmont last night to take advantage of their &quot;stay late&quot; feature; for an extra $20 &amp; you can have room until 5 pm! Great deal if you are catching evening flight home.Room was actually a corner, 1 bedroom suite. Huge &amp; really nice with great lake &amp; park views. Very comfortable bed, lux bathroom with seperate shower &amp; full marble bath.Service was excellent all-around &amp; Aria, the hotel restaurant was very good. Personally, I liked the location &amp; found it very convenient to sightseeing. Internet access in-room was free, as was access to gym as I am President's Club member (this is free to anyone &amp; really can save you money at every Fairmont stay).I'm going back later this month &amp; hope it's as nice as I remember.Pro: large, lovely rooms, comfy beds, free internet access, great staffCon: no coffee/tea maker in room	
Apr 30 2007 	Great service complimentary ride in their bently great stay all round	after being really let down on the day we arrived in chicago after an 8hr flight by the hyatt regency we looked elsewhere for a room for 5 days. The fairmont offered a great rate over the phone and could not have been more accomodating at what was very short notice. The room was spacious spotless with a great view 3609. Concerige were really helpful with sorting out our restaurant and sport booking and the front desk were polite and efficient. Room service was expensive especially the bottled water. Beds were extremely comfortable. The bentley ride really finished off the trip, we'd asked for a cab and out of nowhere the bell suggested we took the hotel car, felt like lord and lady for the 15 min journey. Really really great experience at the fairmont, would definately make it my favored hotel in chicago again	
Apr 27 2007 	Exorbitant Luxury	I was very excited to be staying at the Fairmont, until I got there. After having dealt with Fairmont Royal York in Toronto for years, I was sure I wouldn't regret my choice.The room was very luxurious with a king size bed, and wonderful sheets and pillows. Exactly as described in the website. The temperature in the room was just right, and the view of the city was great! But that's all you got for your money. None of the standard items were included. If you wanted your morning coffee, you had to call in-room dining, and be charged $6USD a person for the delivery plus the cost of the coffee. The water in the room was $6USD as well, so if you're thirsty, it's the tap water from the bathroom. YUCK!I had pre-arranged for a crib for my 10 week old son, and was advised upon checking in the crib was already in the room. Except when we got there, it wasn't there. When called, a hospitality staff brought an assembled Graco Pack N Play, and dropped it unceromoniously in the room. If I had known that was what my son would be sleeping in, I would've brought my own from home!I do have to complement the chef on the dinner we had the first night. We had in-room dining, and it was fantastic. The couscous was perfectly spiced, and the steak was just right! If only the proper steak knife had been provided! It was an adventure trying to cut the steak with what I could only call a pointy butter knife!Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the Fairmont. Instead of feeling pumpered as I expected, I felt gouged. I wouldn't be staying at the Fairmont again.	
Apr 17 2007 	Tasteless Money Grubbing	The nickeling and diming happens in units of Five and Ten dollars! First they charge a premium rate and then include practically nothing! The rooms are basically average and small and nothing special. Over-all, this is an experience in tastelessness. The Fairmont name may be a legacy from the mining culture of San Francisco, but there was more to that world than just digging for every dime you could get. How sad.	
Apr 15 2007 	Not a classic but close	We stayed here in the middle of the summer during a heat wave. Our air conditioning broke, as did two fans, leaving us in a stifling triple-digit heat in our house. We would have settled for something much cheaper, but everything in the city was booked on such short notice (as in, &quot;Do you have any rooms available in the next half hour?&quot; kinda short notice, at 2am).All I can say is wow. We took three days off and just enjoyed ourselves, even though the A/C was fixed after the first day. There was a time when the type of luxury at the Fairmont was something special, like the TV you can watch while soaking in the tub, or the telephone you can answer without leaving the toilet.The only knock on this Fairmont is that it is not exactly unique, especially compared to some of their other properties, or to some of the special properties in Chicago. But this property did make me a big fan of the Fairmont.	
Apr 7 2007 	Best Hotel in Chicago	Having stayed in 10-11 different hotels in Chicago over the past two years, I would say that the Fairmont is the best choice for the money. Very clean and quiet, offering everything a traveler could need. Unlike most large hotels, it is not a play ground for kids. The staff is great and actually care about you. Great spot for business travel.	
Mar 20 2007 	Should be called nickle and dime hotel	The hotel staff was nice, the room was as described, and the lake view was beautiful (got a free upgrade to Deluxe room). The two major problems are: the pool / health club, although described as being on site, are &quot;adjacent&quot; to the hotel as the Lake Shore Athletic Club, with a per person / day fee of $25 and the continentalbreakfast is charged by item (example $1.50 for a piece of fruit, $3.00 for a single bagel, etc).	
Mar 11 2007 	Classic elegance for everyone	Entering the lobby felt like slipping into &quot;bluesy&quot; Chicago in all its splendour. This hotel was fantastic on all accounts, and well located between Millenium Park and The Magnificent Mile, each within a 5 minute walking distance. Staying at the hotel comes at an expense, but is well-priced considering what you get in return. I would definitely go back again.The hotel's service was faultness. The hotel staff were exceptional and everyone made the extra effort to make me feel welcome and at home. There was a sense of personal pride and genuine interest that seemed to motivate service excellence.My room was spacious, with great views of Navy Pier in the distance, and provided all the comforts including a great mini bar, an unbelievably comfortable bed and luxurious bathroom with dressing area. I thought the layout was superb. My only qualm was that I would have expected a more glamorous bath to go with the rest of the room, but then perhaps I'm being overly fussy (given that everything else was so good, why shouldn't I be). I loved the added perks in the room - shoe buffer and valet stand.The hotel has a brilliant restaurant - the sushi was first-class. Room service was great too - well recommended. The park across the way seemed to attract a local crowd - walking their dogs or playing sport. This place will be hard to forget, for all the right reasons. This is what hotels should be like.	
Mar 9 2007	a very pleasant place	I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return, the doorman then asked about my walk, etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent, plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect, considering the conference rate was $99 per night!	
Feb 28 2007	A pleasant well priced stay	We booked The Fairmont for a one night stay after a black tie event downtown. Going directly through [--] we received a rate of $189.00 plus tax--a very good rate for a luxury hotel in Chicago. And I do consider the Fairmont a luxury hotel, even if it is not quite as pretty and glam as the Four Seasons or the Peninsula. The decor is elegant but bland (or soothing, depending on your taste). Our bargain rate room had a pretty view over Millenium Park, and a partial lake view (we could see the Shedd Aquarium and Plantarium). Service was excellent,: friendly and prompt. Because we joined the President's Club online before our stay, we had free access to the super duper fitness center next door to the hotel (adjacent via underground passage). However, we did get stuck with the $45.00 parking fee (yes, that's per day!). At least for that rate we got in and out privileges, and when we called for the car it always arrived promptly. We ate lunch at Aria and found it to be very good, but not outstanding by Chicago restaurant standards (which are very high indeed). The service, in particular, was slow and a little casual. We had to cancel our dessert order because it was taking so long to arrive, and we had matinee tickets.	
Feb 14 2007 	Almost Perfect	My girlfriend and I just spent a night at the Fairmont last weekend for a pre Valentine's Day getaway. We were impressed with just about every part of our stay. Check-in was a breeze and very quick. The room was a city view king and had ok views, although I wasn't expecting much since I booked a city view. The bed was very nice - one of the best I've slept in. The room could use a new t.v. My girlfriend really liked the huge vanity located just outside the bathroom. The bathroom has a separate bathtub and shower. The shower was probably the least impressive aspect of the whole room. It was very institutional and could use an upgrade.We had drinks and dinner at Aria and I can't recommend it enough. The specialty drinks we tried were all good and quite strong so be careful. The dinner was fantastic, from the bread and appetizers through dessert. Don't miss it.The location isn't bad if you want to spend some time in Millenium Park, but it's quite a distance from a lot of the Mag Mile stuff so popular to tourists. We didn't leave the hotel once we checked in, so we didn't care. The valet price is outrageous and there always seemed to be a crowd waiting for their cars. I would make other arrangements.	
Dec 5 2006 	great place	good location. the room is big and the bed is very confortable, breakfast very expensive. concierge gave good suggestions of restaurants. The city is very nice, we enjoyed so much. I recomend.	
Dec 4 2006 	Terribly disappointed	Obviously I wasn't expecting much in the way of character from a hotel as large as this (37 floors, with goodness knows how many rooms on each), but after one night here, the cold sterility was starting to suck the very life out of me. The rooms, while, of course, extremely comfortable, spotlessly clean and tidy, and all the other things that you would expect from a hotel of this quality, were desperately bland and characterless. The furniture in the lounge of my suite was in a uniform grey cloth, while the bathroom and bedroom were an early '90s-style symphony in beige. And this, I think, is the key problem here - what looked modern and stylish ten or fifteen years ago now looks like &quot;posh Holiday Inn&quot;, and is sorely in need of an update, but Chicago's well publicised shortage of hotel rooms means that management have no incentive to spend money on refurbishing. The characterlessness was only enhanced by the icy efficiency of the desk staff, who did little to make me feel welcome, or alleviate my rather shaky state of mind after a long, trans-atlantic flight. Like the room, they were impeccably presented and faultlessly efficient, but simply lacking in any charm. And so it goes on: the restaurant too, whilst serving perfectly good food, is utterly lacking in any soul.Perhaps it was simply my expectations that were out of line (I still have very happy memories of the Fairmont in Banff, where I spent 10 days of my honeymoon), as I'm sure that, by its own standards, the hotel is doing nothing wrong. However, it didn't work for me, and I much prefer the city's various Kimpton hotels.	
Nov 27 2006 	Spacious rooms good restaurant great location	Fantastic location - directly south of the Chicago River, just a couple of blocks from the lake, a block from Millenium Park, walkable to pretty much all of the tourist attractions and much of the business district.The rooms are spacious and clean; service is good; overall a very pleasant stay.One thing I really liked was the huge lobby with comfortable seating, where people can hang out if they don't want to stay in their room, plus the restaurant downstairs (Aria's) which has a fun bar, a nice sit-down restaurant, and a sushi bar.Great hotel for tourists and for business travelers.	
Oct 26 2006	Fabulous Deal	I actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price! It was a lovely hotel, beautifully appointed, walking distance from the places we wanted to go. We would highly recommend the Fairmont.	
Oct 23 2006 	Nice Hotel nice people	Great Hotel, I booked it because it rated well on trip advisor, but also because it was one of the very few hotels with rooms available because of the chicago marathon.The rooms were nice and spacious, and they had the room ready for us at 10.00am as we arrived from the airport, and let us have a 3pm checkout, which was really appreciatted, and at no cost.The location was OK, there were other hotels more central, but this was made up by the general approach of the staff and facilities.Would stay there again, but avoid the marathon next time!	
Oct 23 2006 	Best choice in town!	We have booked the Fairmont based on the very positive comments over here and we are absolutely satisfied with our choice.Early check-in was not a problem, neither was it late check-out. The city-view-room was fabulous with a great view on lake and city. All recommendations of the concierge for a city tour and a jazz club were reliable and excellent.Valet parking is a bit pricey for a 45$, better leave your car round the corner in an underground parking lot for some 16$.Restaurant Aria was a great choice as well, one of the best restaurants in town with a very obliging and warm service.	
Oct 2 2006 	Loved the Fairmont	Wonderful place to stay - classy, clean, great linens and service was outstanding. From bellmen to the servers at Aria (restaurant w/in hotel) everyone catered to and anticipated our every need. Location was great for our night - seeing Wicked at the Oriental Theatre and sightseeing the next morning. Aria was delish.	
Sep 30 2006 	Classy but pricy	Stayed at the Fairmont for a conference. It is beautiful and only a few blocks from the Miracle Mile. The corner room had a view of Lake Michigan between other buildings and the bed was excellent. However, I did miss a refrigerator/microwave for snacking in the room. Because my employer paid I was able to experience what others pay up to $400/night. However I was not even tempted to touch the minibar or room service because of the expensive prices. The room had a shoe buffing machine, but no coffee maker. Room service coffee will end up costing about $8.00 for two cups.Myself and coworkers went out for meals because the hotel restaurant was just too expensive. Great location, clean rooms, beautiful public spaces, attentive staff. But they get you on the little things. Free New York Times every morning though.	
Sep 21 2006 	Great Location	Got a last minute rate of $299 a night through Hotels.com. Requested a room with two double beds and wasn't disappointed. Staff was very professional. Food at Aria was delicious. Located right off of Michigan Avenue with prime shopping less than a block away. Cabs always available in front of hotel for longer excursions.To Park, enter off of Columbus Drive and let valet take care of it for you. All in all, an excellent choice.	
Sep 5 2006 	Wonderful Stay!	I went to Chicago for a quick weekend getaway and decided to stay at the Fairmont and was completely satisified. ALL the staff was pleasant and helpful. The room was wonderful and I felt like I was living a life of luxury. The bathroom was great with a seperate shower and tub. I wish I had more time because I would have ordered the in room service they offer to draw a bath with goodies. Bathrobes are in the room and there is a seperate vanity area. They have a nice office center with internet access and allow for free printing of boarding passes. The concierge desk was also very helpful. Overall it was a great experience. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Sep 5 2006 	Amazingly comfortable	The room was more comfortable then we could have imagined...especially the bed! The room was very clean, comfortable, and big! It was larger than I expected, including the washroom. Loads of space to lounge around.And of course, as per Fairmont standards, the service was excellent.The location is great -- close to so many attractions and great shopping. We had a room with a city view, which was lovely.We got an excellent rate, so it really made the stay worthwhile.	
Sep 5 2006 	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont for Labor Day weekend for our first visit to Chicago. We got a ridulously affordable rate including breakfast every day, the only catch it was non refundable. I would suggest joining the Fairmont's presidents club, which is what we did and got free use of the gym, free internet daily and free late 3pm check out. The rooms were large, the beds comfortable. The only complaint we had was the shower, terrible water pressure. The hotel was clean, the staff helpful. Great location, a bit off Michigan Avenue so its quiet. When we go visit chicago again I would not stay anywhere else. Ask for the presidents club rate including breakfast and join the presidents club, its free!	
Aug 23 2006	Up there with the best ... almost.	My sons and I stayed at the Fairmont for 3 nights Aug 19,20 and 21. The Hotel is located only a block south of the Chicago River and two blocks off Michagan Avenue in a quiet area with just another hotel and some office building with some residential tower towards the lake. A peaceful spot but a brisk 5-7 minute walk to Michigan Avenue. We went to two games at Wrigley Field and the Red Line is only a 10-12 minute walk.The Fairmont is a very attractive hotel that is just starting to show some wear around the edges, but you have to look for it. Our rooms wer large and comfortable with great bathroom. Beds were very comfortable. The only drawback is the walls are a bit thin and so noise from the hall and from the next room were more easily heard than you would like. Having said that, apart from a couple having a lot of fun in the room next to me for a couple of hours one evening , this did not detract from the stay. The lobby has a very nice , large , comfortable area in the middle for drinks, reading and relaxing with wirless internet. There is coffee, bagels, juice, croissants, muffins available on a self serve basis each morning and it works very well. Only drawback is it was to be available until noon on Sunday but by 11 a.m. there was only coffee and a couple of muffins left and no attempt was made to supplement the supply.The staff was efficient and very friendly, particularly the front door staff. There was no turndown service at night but I didn't miss it.We didn't eat in the Hotel restaurant although it looked very nice .The overall atmosphere of the Fairmont was very calm, relaxing and comfortable. I have stayed at many Chicago hotels, including the Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton , Sheraton and others and I would rank this hotel just slightly below the Four Seasons and the Ritz Carlton on amenities but far ahead of the Drake and Sheraton.	
Aug 21 2006 	Exhorbitant rate for few amenities and indifferent service	My friends and I travel together quite a lot. We had booked more than a month in advance and had requested two doubles, but despite the fact that we arrived at 11 in the morning, we were told that they were out of doubles, so we had to take a king (lumpy mattress) and a fiendishly uncomfortable rollaway (the good news: they didn't charge us for the rollaway). The room was so small that the rollaway barely fit, so that we had to crawl over the person in it to get to the bathroom in the middle of the night. The toilet leaked -- they fixed it fairly promptly, but after that, it flushed only with great difficulty. Also, the shower dripped loudly all night, and nothing we did could make it stop. There was no coffeemaker in the room (we were told, after the fact, that we could have &quot;requested&quot; one, but I'm sure they would have charged us for it), but you could buy coffee in the lobby during breakfast for $2.50 a cup! Needless to say, the breakfast wasn't free; there was a minibar in the room, but none of us were interested in paying the ridiculous prices for that. Our advice: get up early and go to Houlihan's a few blocks away for the $10 breakfast buffet.Internet access was $14.95 per computer per day, the highest price we've ever paid anywhere, and the only time we've had to pay for internet access anywhere in more than two years. There was one dataport in the room; all three of us had laptops and needed to get some work done, so this was very inconvenient. The only wireless access was in the lobby and apparently, there was a charge for that, too.The staff was nice but fairly indifferent, and I have to say we've been treated better at the cheapest chain hotel off the interstate than we were here, and at less than a third of the price. We were embarrassed to have recommended this place to our friends.No, we wouldn't stay here again.	
Aug 20 2006 	Great City Great Hotel	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Fairmont from Aug. 11-13th while we saw some family and attended some concerts at the Chicago Theatre. We booked through the Fairmont website.The hotel staff was very nice and accommodated every request. We arrived at 1pm, and were given our choice of rooms that were available for check-in. Mini-Bar &amp; Room Service were pricey, but it's an expensive hotel, so we expected it. Room Service Breakfast was fantastic.There were at least two weddings going on that day in the hotel and they managed them just fine, to our eyes anyway.Hotel is in an excellent location. Walking distance to the Theatre, Giordano's Pizza, all train lines, Grant Park, the big fountain, and probably alot more.We will stay at the Fairmont in future visits.	
Aug 15 2006	Fairmont Chicago not accomodating	My family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August. We were promised a room with two double beds. When we arrived (earlier than most) we were told they were 45 double beds short. We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed. We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away. Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed. The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel. The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night. The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating. We were so disappointed in this hotel. Also, they do not have a pool here. If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $20 a day to use it. $80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous. Do yourself a favor, if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise, go elsewhere. Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one.I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they don't care, even when I told them I'd write a review on this website.Chicago is an awesome city though. We loved it!	
Aug 15 2006	Great stay terrific service	This is a wonderful hotel with an attitude for service and class. The hotel is well appointed - all public areas as well as the rooms - and the staff succeeds in attending to your well-being. This was evidenced by the cold bottle of water and hand towel that greeted me upon my return to the hotel each day after a morning run. The rooms are very lovely and most all of the views - given the hotel's excellent hilltop location - are wonderful. Let's talk about the location - you are NOT in the heart of the Loop or on a major street with constantly honking horns. But you ARE within 3-5 blocks of the best, most vibrant parts of downtown Chicago. The Fairmont is like an oasis or retreat in the middle of a bustling city. I will admit that my exceptional rate ($148 prepay non-refundable, found by chance on the Internet and not to be seen again) made me very grateful for the value I received. If I'd been paying twice that - their standard rate - I may have held them to even higher standards. The beds were a little hard and the pillows were the kind that swallow up your head but that's almost not worth mentioning. This is a wonderful facility with an accommodating staff who know how to serve a demanding clientelle.	
Aug 1 2006	Loved the Fairmont	Stayed 4 nights end of July. 1st class all the way. Great sushi / trendy bar (Aria) that is relatively new - I believe. Sign up for their President's Club (free) and get access to the 5 level Northshore Fitness Center next door. Walking distance to Navy Pier. One of the best hotel experiences I have had in a while.	
Jul 27 2006 	Good Experience	I stayed at the Fairmont for a work conference. The lobby is nice, the help at the reservation, bell and concierge desks is all very good - very polite, always someone to smile and ask how your day was. Room was nice - a little dated but still in pretty good shape. The carpet could have used a cleaning and the vanity chair was really awful (nothing a steam cleaner couldn't fix...) but overall it was clean and comfortable accomodations. If I went back again for personal time I would check out another hotel that might be a bit nicer within a similar price range. Location is very good - just a very short walk to Michigan Avenue and the Magnificent Mile and lots of other places. Cab rides are generally short and inexpensive from this hotel. Navy Pier and all of the downtown fun is within walking distance (but not if you're wearing uncomfortable shoes!)Food at the hotel is good but very expensive. A continetal breakfast is $19, which is outrageous. There are other places nearby (Hooligans is just around the corner) with better prices and good food.	
Jul 24 2006 	The benchmark for bad experiences	We had booked the Fairmont for two nights during the Taste of Chicago. Knowing the general location, I had spoken with the hotel directly and was assured that we had a room with a view of Grant Park and the fireworks show over the lake. That was, in fact, one of the primary reasons why we selected this hotel over the multitude of other options. Unfortunately, they neglected to tell me that an enormous building completely blocked the view that I had requested.When we checked in, we had a bottle of wine in a bag that was taken up with our luggage. The bellman broke that bottle, which also saturated and/or stained the entire contents of the bag. Although he brought this to our attention, he offered to do nothing else about it.The room was well worn, with decor that transported us back to 1970. When we walked into the bathroom, we discovered that it was covered with hair. No kidding--hair on the floor, hair on the counter, hair in the shower. It was disgusting. Even after doing our best to tidy it up, we realized it was a bigger job than we were prepared to face, so we called for maid service. Someone arrived in about an hour and did a good job of cleaning it better. But we were on &quot;hair alert&quot; by then and still spotted a few random stragglers, which grossed us out enough that we would not even journey into the bathroom without stepping onto a towel that we had placed on the floor for protection.Then my wife stepped onto BROKEN GLASS that was left on the carpet and cut the bottom of her foot. The wound was severe enough that it hurt to walk for several days, which substantially limited our ability to walk around and enjoy The Taste, the lakefront, and the downtown--all the reasons for making the trip in the first place! At this point, it was too late to search for another hotel for the night, so we called the front desk to cancel our next night's stay. Shockingly, management still offered to do NOTHING for us to compensate for practically ruining our entire trip, although they said they would refund the money for the room (but not parking) when I demanded it. We checked out early the next morning.When our credit card bill arrived, we had been charged for the night that was supposedly refunded AND the night we had cancelled. I was able to straighten everything out and clear the charges, but that was still additional hassle, stress, (and anger) piled onto everything else. For my wife and I, this experience set the standard for bad hotels. On the few occasions since then that we have experienced something unpleasant at another hotel, one of us always refers back to this stay, which puts into perspective how much worse it could be.	
Jul 17 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location	We spent two nights at The Fairmont Chicago this summer and enjoyed our stay tremendously. The room was comfortable, clean and very well appointed. The staff was professional and friendly. Location is great and within walking distance to many Chicago attractions, shops and restaurants. We'll definitely reserve a room at The Fairmont on future trips to Chicago!	
Jul 10 2006	Great weekend get-away in Chicago	The Fairmont Hotel in Chicago has the best value for a weekend in Chicago. It is a great location. Just south of the Mag mile, and just north of Millenium Park. I took my wife for her birthday and we arrive mid-Friday afternoon. We were very courteously greeted by the doorman, escorted by the bell hop to the front desk. He waited while we checked in and then delivered our bags to our room while we retreated directly to the bar for a relaxing &quot;happy hour&quot;. They had some very nice light snacks on the menu there. The hotel is not the most up to date, but the room was very nice and clean, with a very comfortable bed. We walked north for dinner in the evening. In the morning they had an excellent selection of pastries and fruit in the atrium for reasonable prices, plus fresh OJ and coffee. I liked that much better than the room service option because you could pick out exactly what you wanted. After a late checkout we took a nice walk through Millenium Park and the Art Intitute before heading home. This was our 2nd stay the the Chicago Fairmont and we it will continue to be our choice for downtown Chicago. We have also stayed at other Fairmonts and found them to be excellent as well.	
Jun 28 2006	Fairmont was very fine	My wife accompanied me on a business trip for a 4 night stay. We had a spacious deluxe king with a corner view of the lake. Service was outstanding including excellent room service breakfasts. We had a wonderful dinner in the restaurant Aria, that our business clients raved about the next day.	
May 1 2006	loved it	I loved this hotel. My room was big with a nice view to a lake, close to the Millenium park and Mag mile. Usually i've got troulbe sleeping in new places, but here i had no worries- bed was comfortable:) And what i liked most- check out time- i was able to sleep a little bit longer:) Everyone was very helpfull in the hotel, nice restaurant- i'd say a little bit overpriced, but nonetheless next time i'll go to the Fairmont Chicago with no doubts:)	
Apr 26 2006 	Best Bed 	I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals. I checked in late (almost 10pm) due to flight cancellations from my home airport  Atlanta. I took the shuttle to the airport (best option in lieu of the over priced taxis), and it was my first time staying at the hotel. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the entrance, which appeared very welcoming and warm to me. I checked in with no problems  and the desk person even asked if Id prefer a king or double (reconfirming my reservation preference). I always take the king when I can, and the bed was fantastic! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down &amp; feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory  I checked the tags, since I plan to buy some! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria, which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel  and YES, it does stand out all on its own. The food is Asian fusion, and truly wonderful  as a gourmand and life-long foodie, I appreciate great food when I taste it! The hotel service was good as well. Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant  seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely. They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet, which tasted a bit metallic. But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet. I would highly recommend this hotel  it has atmosphere and a great view (if you can get a room with one), fabulous dinner  just pass on the breakfast buffet.	
Apr 23 2006	Fairest fairmont	My sister and I took our first trip to Chicago in March of this year (2006). I agonised over which hotel to choose and whether I had chosen wisely.....but I worried needlesley.The hotel lived up to our expectaions.Although there were a few aspects of the service that lacked attention to detail (i.e we had to ask that a cofee tray with a jug of cream, that had been left in the room for over three days, be moved) - when we did ask, this was done with speed and no fuss.The hotel restaurant is well worth a visit (but a little overpriced).the hotel is well situated for trips down the Mag mile and Millenium Park.The concierge services are excellent.For those who want to have use of a fitness centre, this hotel is adjacent to one of the best in the Ciy - however, beware that there is a daily charge of $20 to use the facitilities, which certainly adds significantly to the overall cost of a city break, if like me, you're a frequent Gym attender. We both loved the City and our stay at the Fairmount and will definitley re-visit.	
Apr 21 2006	Nice and clean	Paid about $700 incl. 2 night stay + United direct flights for two to Chicago this Easter on site59. Hotel room was very clean, but ac wasn't cooling great(forgot to tell them about it). Service was quite good. Very close to Millenium Park and other activities. This was our best trip to Chicago and the weather cooperated.	
Apr 3 2006	Not Quite There	I'm generally a fan of the Fairmont hotel chain, but the Chicago location was a bit hit-or-miss, especially considering the price and the supercharged competition across the river (two Four Seasons, two Ws, a Park Hyatt, a Peninsula, etc. etc.)The entire property needed some cosmetic updating, and our room, while it was generously sized and complete with the essential conveniences, was only a few notches above shabby - fine for a Best Western, but definitely not for a four-star Fairmont. The bathroom was kind of dingy, and the lighting and fabrics had seen better days.The location also leaves something to be desired - it's a good 10-15 minutes walk away from the action north of the river (and it's a cold walk in February!). The views of Lake Michigan were quite nice, but there was also quite a bit of ongoing construction to look at in the same direction. On the upside, we had a terrific dinner at the (then brand-new) restaurant, Aria, which featured a fine selection of food and wine and above-average service.With so many other hotels to choose from in the area, I don't think I'd go back to the Fairmont at current prices, at least until it undergoes a major reno. I would go back to Aria for dinner, however, as it was really very memorable and a lot of fun.	
Jan 31 2006	Overpriced	Nice hotel, but overpriced...they'll nail you for each and every extra they can. Room was a little shabby (peeling wallpaper, noisy air circulation system.) Also a bit of a hike to the Miracle Mile...it wasn't a terrible experience, but given the $$$ involved, you can do better for less!	
Dec 11 2005	Fantastic!	What a class way to run a hotel! The staff understatedly put the customer first in every instance. From the sumptuous room, to the courteous doormen to the in-room dining experience...way beyond my expectations at a much less than expected expense. When our toilet chose to blow a valve diaphram at 3 in the morning (read &quot;Old Faithful&quot;), engineering had the parts replaced with the bath operational and clean, in just 5 minutes from the call downstairs....fantastic!!! The room amenities were first class, however, this was the first hotel stay in many years where a coffee-maker was not provided...really missed that wake-up Java. Perfectly located betwen the Loop and the Mag Mile, and near the Lake, don't hesitate booking this beauty. We didn't eat at Aria, but the room looked awesome....next visit for sure. Thanks Fairmont!	
Dec 4 2005 	Great location	If you are looking for a hotel close to Navy Pier, State St, and the Mag Mile, this is it. Great lobby, you can sit and relax and have a drink or light fare. Rooms are spacious (corner king) with separate dressing area which is hard to find downtown. Yeah, the carpet is old in the rooms, wear slippers, not a big deal. Bed and pillows were amazingly comfortable!Aria restaurant had amiable servers. My pancakes were somewhat cold by the time they arrived, I received a new order and she comped our beverages. THat was a deal considering 2 coffees and 2 o.j's were $18! Pricey place, but nice if you want the experience.Fairmont's overnight/24hr parking is a bit much, $41. Highest we ever paid downtown. Pool is next door at an athletic club and separate price as well, we did not utilize.All in all, we had a great feel for this hotel. Some reviews claim the property needs updating, maybe, but it still feels classy.	
Nov 28 2005	Nice Hotel	I enjoyed the Fairmont Chicago. Excellent location, friendly staff, fast elevators. On the downside, the valet parking is extremely expensive, as is the restaurant. The buffet was $25pp. We ordered off the menu and our meal for 2 with coffee, juice, omelettes, potato, toast and tip was $60. Kind of pricey for breakfast. I would choose this hotel again if the rate was right.	
Nov 16 2005	Wonderful weekend	Have just returned from 3 nights at the Fairmont. Beautiful room, spacious with large bathroom and changing area. Food and staff at the Aria restaurant excellent. Great location vis the Loop, Michigan Avenue and the Navy Pier. A walk down by the lake is highly recommended, as is this fabulous hotel.	
Nov 13 2005	Worn out carpeting and poor attention to detail	My wife and I stayed here in a king room with a &quot;view of the lake&quot;. We had requested a crib for our son which we ended up requesting 3 times prior to getting it. Our rooms thermastat was broke and had to be replaced after we arrived. After shopping we came back and found our keys didn't work and had to get them replaced. During the night we were awakened 3-4 times by a fire alarm going off. The carpeting was stained and worn out, and the room was quite small for the $309 rate. Our view of the lake turned out to be through several high rises. On the upside when I complained about getting awakened 3 times during the night by a fire alarm they refunded me $100 off my room rate.	
Nov 6 2005	Tremendous hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont during a weekend trip to Chicago to see Wicked. I had read reviews of the hotel referring to how dated and worn out it looked, but our experience was nothing short of fabulous. Our corner room was large, with great views of the Lake and Millenium Park. Our bathroom was quite large, clean and well maintained. We had thought there was a soaking tub, but in acuality it was only an oversized tub. Nevertheless, it was a great room, and I would gladly stay at the Fairmont again. The hotel staff was very helpful, especially the concierge staff.	
Oct 21 2005	Worn out	I stayed at the Fairmont during my recent 3 week stay in the US. The Fairmont's carpet and furnishings are pretty knocked around, and the shower cubicle in particular was revolting - ancient tiles which were starting to come loose. The room also wasn't particularly clean. The foyer area is looking pretty dated. The whole hotel needs major reburbishment. I certainly wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 1 2005	OKAYNot Amazing!	We stayed at the Fairmont Chicago from Sept. 24-28/05 in a 1-bedroom city view suite. First impressions:1. A bit off the Mag. Mile. A $4-5.00 cab ride put you at the centre.2. Lobby impressive but small.3. Most of the staff very cheerful and helpful.Pros:1. Aria restaurant is in the hotel. Good fusion, not amazing . adequate service.2. Suite was large and well laid out.3. Hallways and common spaces were up-to-date and well kept.Cons:1. Rooms are terribly outdated, even the suites. We're talking major  facelift required to bring it to 5-star level.2. No coffee makers in rooms or suites. This is apparently due to the (possibly outdated) wiring system within the property.3. No in room safes!!!4. Exercise facilites are next door in a Chicago Health Club.5. Wireless internet did not work in suite even after phone consultation.Summary:Staff was great. Room decor lacking. Location OKAY.Next visit to Chicago, I would consider the Four Seasons or the Park Hyatt, purely for the location. P.S. Tru restaurant.......amazing. Food and service outstanding...bring your platinum or black cards..... to dine at this Conclusion	
Sep 14 2005	Very good value for money	The reviews we read were a bit mixed, but I thought it was excellent. I've stayed in The Splendido, Villa D'Este and others and it doesn't compare, but nor should it. It doesn't claim to be in that space. I expected it to be a notch off the Four Seasons and so it proved. A only a small notch too!. Lovely clean and bright room. Superb views, very quiet, comfy bed etc. Excellent service all round and nice staff. For the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed. Couldn't really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the Four Seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience. We will go there again when in Chicago. Great location too.	
Sep 8 2005	Great Location	We had a beautiful room on the 21 st floor, overlooking Navy Pier. The location was great, very quite and we could walk everywhereThe consignee was extremely helpful regarding restaurants and places of interest.	
Aug 30 2005	Great Hotel but location may be an issue	Hotel is fabulous - great for business types and those spending lots of time in the theatre district. It is a good split between state street mall and the mag mile - but far away from the trendier nightspots and happenin' places. Cabs in Chicago are plentiful - so no big concern. Mostly caters to business travelers in the loop, but the restaurant there, Aria, is fabulous.	
Aug 22 2005	Nice hotel but the bed was hard	Very nice hotel, but the bed was pretty hard. Large bathroom, big room, huge closet and okey location.. Shopping on Michigan Avenue was walkable. I was there Aug, 19-21, 2005 and the weather was pleasant enough to walk the magnificent mile. The carpeting on the 21st floor could use some cleaning though. Weekend breakfast buffet was $25. I ended up having a croissant and coffee in the lobby which was excellent and only $6. Ordered room service the day I arrived and the pizza was awful. Since I was starving and the cost was $18, I ate it anyway. Staff was very friendly. When I did go to the gift shop, it was closed and the sign said the employee would return in 30 minutes..I never went back. Overall, this was an okey hotel. I do admit though, it did not meet the expectations of what I have frequently read about Fairmont hotels.	
Aug 16 2005	Five Star That Should Be 3 Star	I stayed at the Fairmont from the 12ththrough 16 August. The hotel is in a five star location. All of downtown Chicago is accessible by walking from the hotel. The Hotel cost $249 per night including breakfast. The hotel location and its Aria Restaurant are five star. The quality of the remaining hotel amenities and especially the services are in my opinion closer to what I have experienced in hotels of 3 star quality. The hotel is substantially overpriced for the services and its amentities. It is clean, but old. I had several problems with the housekeeping services and while everyone is very polite the problems were never resolved without calling the hotel's management. Fairmont in other places specifically San Francisco and Quebec are also old properties but they are operated in five star fashion.	
Aug 16 2005 	Beautiful Property Overall--but Room Furniture Refurbishment Long Overdue	But for the poor condition of the carpet and some pieces of furniture, I would have given this property an &quot;above-average&quot; rating.This hotel is in a great location. Right next to Millenium park. Pefect distance to walk. The common areas are beautiful and live up to the high standards one would expect from a Fairmont. The service was likewise exceptional with a very courteous staff. Again, what you would expect at a property such as this.The guest rooms are a great size and the views are spectacular. I stayed in a one bedroom suite (2101) and the room's configuration is exactly what would would and should expect from a Fairmont property. First class. Bedroom furnishings were nice although some pieces (like a bedroom table) outdated and a little worn. The bed was very comfortable.The living room furnishings are a completely different story. No less than 4 stains in the carpet which looks at least 3 years old itself. Not horrible stains or ones which would want to make you always wear shoes or slippers but bad enough to make you wonder how a Fairmont property could allow this to happen. The sofa was worn, stained and sun-bleached. The arms on the two chairs (part of the living room grouping) were tattered and disgustingly dirty. These were dirty enough to make you want to avoid them.While it would certainly be costly for the Fairmont to refurbish its guest room furniture, you would think that it would simply consider such a project as the cost of doing business--particularly when numerous Trip Advisor consumers have reported the same complaints for an extended period of time. Many people put the Fairmont in the same category as a Ritz-Carlton or a Four Seasons hotel. NEITHER of those two chains would EVER, EVER permit this type of wear and tear. At the very least, they would remove the soiled furniture until they had the resources to replace it. Wake up Fairmont! You're losing your core audience!	
Jul 30 2005	Hard Night Stay	I stayed at the Fairmont downtown chicago. I was told that the cots was not available at the moment. I never received a cot or a phone call to inform me that they had no cots. I finally called myself at 10 at night. I then asked for an extra blanket and sheets. I had to wait an hour and forty minutes and three phone calls.	
Jul 27 2005	Nice hotel OK value rooms need work	Overall a good experience, but for a 5 star property (and a 5 star price), could have been significantly better, particularly in the rooms. Details:ROOM: Stayed in a lake view king room on a high floor. Great views. Nice furniture, lots of handy features in room. Bed was comfy but sagged badly in the middle. Large stain on carpet. A/C turned off in middle of night for no reason, since it was still warm. Bathroom was large but not in great shape.STAFF: Very friendly, efficient, helpful. Excellent staff. In this area, the hotel was definitely up to par for a 5 star hotel.FOOD: Ate breakfast at Aria. Very good, but very pricey. Room service was pricey (as expected), but good food, wide menu.LOCATION: Right at north end of Millenium Park. Great spot for getting to anything downtown or Mag Mile, so probably an ideal spot for tourists.SPA: Did some spa treatments at the Wave Spa in the adjoining Lake Shore Athletic Club, with my wife. Great staff there too. Good treatments. Prices are reasonable, comparitively.VALUE: For the price, the rooms should be in much better shape. Otherwise, up to par.	
Jul 7 2005	Very nice!	We had very nice 2-night stay over the 4th of July weekend. Our room was lovely--spacious and luxuriously decorated. The bathroom is one of those large marble types with separate sections for the shower, toilet and tub. Everything was clean and they let us check in early, which was very much appreciated. The Fairmont is in a great location for enjoying much of what Chicago has to offer. My only gripe with the hotel is that they don't have a pool or gym in the building--you have to use the Lake Shore Athletic Club, which is in the building next door. And you have to pay $20 per person if you want to do this! We didn't end up doing this--we were too busy anyway--but I think that if you're staying in this kind of a hotel, the gym should be more convenient &amp; free!	
Jun 28 2005	Pleasantly Surpised	We really enjoyed our stay at the Fairmont. Pefect location for us as we went up for the Taste of Chicago (Grant Park one block away). They lost our internet reservation, but immediately gave us the same rate and upgraded our room. We ended up with a king size bed overlooking Navy Pier from the 33rd floor. Everyone we encountered from the hotel was absolutely delightful. Room was nice, but a little dated. Nice bathroom with seperate bath and tub. Cheap taxi ride to most places in the city. Only one major complaint. There were no coffepots in the rooms or complimentary coffee or breakfast in the morning. As coffee addicts, we had to go to the gift shop to get a frapucino instead of paying the 12 dollars for in room coffee delivery or the 2.5 dollars for a small cup in the lobby. It would have been perfect if we had complimentary coffee in the mornings. I would have to highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Chicago.	
May 8 2005	Outstanding	I was not able to find a single flaw during my recent stay at the Fairmont. Check-in (Leonard - exceptionally pleasant) was a breeze. The lobby and public areas were beautiful. The bell staff almost fell over themselves wanting to be helpful, but not in the way that makes you want to shoo them away. My room was enormous, larger than some 1-bedroom flats I've been in. Plush with every amenity I could want. Bathroom was luxurious with both tub and large walk-in shower. I splurged on room service, which came in only 15 minutes. Delicious, large portions, presented with live orchids. I made some special requests and everything came exactly as requested. It was on the expensive side, but it was top quality.The bed, linens, and acres of pillows were wonderful.I was offered take away coffee and bottled water while waiting all of about 3 minutes for the airport shuttle.What an excellent hotel.	
May 3 2005 	Great Stay	What A Hotel!!!!!I arrived about 6pm and when i entered the lobby I was stunned by the pale marbles and decoration which gave it an air of elegance. Upon check in I was greeted with a smile and service was impecable. I was given a huge room on the 28th floo with magnificent views of lake Michigan and the lake area. Room was immaculate with a king size bed, parlor area and a huge bathroom. Not new but GORGEOUS. Turn down was heavenly with water in the nightstand and a tray on the bed with controls, room service menus and all you may need. The helath claub next to the hotel in accessible via the lobby and has a great pool, sauna and other areas. Overall, a great stay with excellent service. I will definitely return.	
Mar 27 2005	Disappointing Stay	A recent stay at The Farimont was most disappointing. It started at check-in with a room with stains on the carpet and waste baskets that had not been emptied when the room was cleaned. Then I noticed an open window that I could not close. Even maintenance had trouble getting it closed to 95%. After a couple of hours in the room, I understood why the window was open in the first place as the heat control in the room did not work. Even with the system &quot;off&quot; the thermostat registered a temp in the room of 78 degrees! Then no hot water for my shower in the morning. (No apologies from Guest Services.) On the second morning, a non-functioning toilet! In spite of 3 conversations with Guest Services, no one ever came to repair the toilet. Good thing I was checking out that day. Service in the lobby bar was very slow and drinks exorbitant in comparison with other Chciago hotels. With so many wonderful options for excellent hotels in Chicago I was most disappointed in what I had heard was one of the &quot;best&quot; hotels in the city. I wrote a letter to management about the &quot;deficiences&quot; and have not had the courtesy of a reply. On the positive side, it is a convenient location.	
Feb 8 2005	What a Wonderful place	My wife and myself stayed four days at the Fairmont Chicago and had a wonderful experience. The staff was very friendly and always helpful. The meal we enjoyed in the Aria dining room was well worth the price. The room that we had was on the 11th floor and overlooked the lake. This room was very well appointed, spacious and clean. We are already planning a trip back to Chicago this fall and will be staying at the Fairmont.	
Dec 19 2004	Good job	The Fairmont did a good job. Clean room, good linens, good service. We would go back.	
Nov 21 2004	Fairmont should be embarassed	Have stayed in many Fairmonts in Canada, and have always been 'WOWED', so I was expecting the same of the Fairmont Chicago. Unfortunately, Fairmont Hotels in the U.S. seem to have much lower standards.We were put in a smoking room - and it REEKED of smoke - even though we had a confirmed reservation for a non-smoking room. Our room was definetly showing it's age - freyed carpets, worn furniture, dirty and dimly lit. It is apparent that Fairmont hasn't spent a dime on the guest rooms since this hotel opened. Housekeeping forgot to empty a waste bin two days in a row - and we had to leave a note to request a missing light bulb be replaced!Expensive ($36.00) and slow (20 minute wait) valet parking.Come on Fairmont! you can do much better than this!	
Nov 5 2004	Charming!!	I loved this hotel- I stayed here for a wedding and was so pleased with everything. Our room was big and comfy. The bathroom was so nice and spacious. I loved the loungey cute bar in the hotel where we stopped to have a couple drinks one night. This hotel is in such a great location-especially when there is great weather outside-it's right next to Millenium Park and steps away from Michigan Ave. What more could you ask for! The concierge downstairs were very helpful. I definitely want to stay here again! Between all the hotels I have stayed at downtown-this is just one of my favorites now.	
Oct 25 2004	Wonderful!	We stayed at the Fairmont on Oct 23. The location is very convenient, most of the staff is very friendly. The interiors are attractive, and our room was nicely decorated with very comfortable furniture and spacious bathroom. I really appreciated how quiet our room was and we slept well. They put us in a smoking room even though we requested a non smoking room. I had to ask 3 times before we were moved to a nonsmoking room, but we were moved to a beautiful room on the 30th floor with great lake views. That night we got to watch the fireworks over the Navy Pier which was a nice treat. Overall, we would definitely stay here again. Some things the Fairmont could improve on are:1. More efficient valet service. At $36/night, it took way too long to get our car, etc.2. Eliminate the nickel and diming charges for using the phone to make calling card calls. This was not disclosed to us in any way until check out.3. Avoid putting nonsmoking guests in smoking guest rooms. Despite these minor drawbacks, this is a very convenient and relaxing place to stay, very pleasant.	
Sep 21 2004	Beautiful	Everything was beautiful. Excellent service, prompt, wonderful food, excellent view, spacious. Slept like a baby.	
Sep 11 2004	Quit after 1st night. Total disappointed.	Booked a sea view suite for 7 Nights in January.Good: Nice Lobby, room was really! largePoor: - Rude and very unfriendly staff. We had the feeling that we were not welcome. Never experienced such unfriendly and arrogant hotel staff before. - Old and used interior. Looks like it has not been renovated since opening (no kidding).- Chattels were worn.- Bathroom not clean, black sediments between tiles. Trashbox dented.- Carpets worn with distinctiv &quot;streets&quot;.- Entrance to room very poor (worn, scratches, dirt, etc.).- Location a little to far away from city life. No restaurants, bars or shopping &quot;next door&quot;-&gt; Best days of this hotel are definitely over.We left hotel after first night and moved for the next 6 nights to the Interconti. This one is outstanding and a clear recommendation !	
Sep 9 2004	Disappointed	I was disappointed with my stay at the Fairmont. Most of the travel books recommend this hotel and I am not exactly sure of why. To begin with, I have stayed at other hotels in Chicago that are in a much better location. This hotel is hidden back in a corner. Secondly, the room we stayed in was larger than some of the other hotels in Chicago and it did have a large bathroom with a somewhat better than average bathtub, but the furniture and carpet needed updating. The furniture had scratches on it and the carpet had stains. The view from the room was average; because the hotel is not in a great location I cant see how any of the rooms have but such great views. Even some of the rooms facing the lake have construction distracting from the view. Lastly, its the little things that make me feel happy at a hotel and one of my pet peeves is I like to have coffee in the morning. I feel like if I pay more to stay at a particular hotel than I should be given a few extra things like complimentary coffee. Don't expect anything to be complimentary at the Fairmont. If you want coffee you will pay $2.50 for it. Most of the 4 star hotels in Chicago will gladly provide you with fresh complimentary coffee in the morning. I would not stay here again there are too many better choices in Chicago.	
Sep 8 2004	Great view poor maintenance	Although I liked the Sofitel better, this had an amazing view, and it has quite a grand lobby. However, it was poorly maintained - tub didn't work, no minibar key in room, scuff marks on walls, peeling finish in bathrooms. It also felt a bit isolated compared to the Sofitel or even the Hard Rock.Would not stay there again.	
Sep 1 2004	Great Hotel for the Price	We got a good air and hotel package thru Expedia for August ($522 for 2 from NYC for 5 nights). The room and bathroom were spacious and clean except for some mildew in the shower tiles. The shower was separate from the bathtub as was the toilet. Within a few minutes of getting to our room, I got a call from the hotel welcoming us and asking us if we had any problems or questions. Only thing I found strange though was for a big hotel, they did not have rooms with 2 double beds, only 2 twin beds. When I asked the Front Desk, he said it's because it's a business hotel (?). Although not in the center of the Magnificent Mile, it is not too far from the El train and is very close to the Millenium Park, so it's in a very quiet area.	
Aug 26 2004	Fairmont: European Dream	Well, if you're at all familiar with the Fairmont, Chicago... you'd understand that the hotel has a very European boutique flavor. There are no king size beds, I believe, just qeen. And if you book a double room, you get two twin beds. The decor is very beautiful, with a very classical antique flavor. Our party was in the Moulin Rouge room. The food was fabulous, the service was outstanding. I personally worked on planning this party with the staff and they were a joy to work with.The rooms were beautiful with great views, comfortable beds, and impecable cleanliness throughout.The restaurant and lobby bar were also great. The only down side was that during the party, I walked by an antique iron table that ripped my pants. I was very upset because they were brand new for the party.When I complained, they handed me cash for what I paid for them. Their only request was that I give them the pants. I thought that this was extremely odd, and suggested that a photo be taken instead. After their insistance, I ultimately gave in since I new I would never wear them again.All in all, I really loved the Fairmont Chicago	
Aug 25 2004	Very good value	This hotel currently offers great package deals in connection with United flights into Chicago thru Expedia. We ended up paying just over 100 bucks a night. We were given a free upgrade to lake view without flinching. However, the first negative impression was that the room was still occupied by someone...oops! They then gave us a smoking-room with lake view, which was still great after airing it out for a while.The service, including the concierge, was impeccable from then on.However, the standard of the room furnishings and bathroom aplliances is not up to the standard of the Fairmont in Boston, not by a long shot.The fact that the location is not right on Michigan Ave, which is were most complainers want to be for whatever reason, is really absurd, it wouldnt hurt most people to take the nice walk along the river to get where they need to be. Besides, its hard to get such a nice view elsewhere...	
Jul 25 2004	Average at Best.	We have stayed in hotels all over the world and have had great luck and great experiences. This hotel was not one of them. We were given a room with 1 Queen bed in it and a city view, but we booked a room with 2 beds (there were 3 of us), and a lake view and we booked it WELL in advance. There wasn't anything they could do about it, so they threw in breakfast. We had plans across town for breakfast so they didn't do a thing for us. (And one of us had to sleep on the rusty, old roll away.) So what IS the point of reservations at this place? The decor is very worn and dated so don't expect &quot;beautiful&quot; once you pass the lobby. The furniture is probably 25 years old and downright hideous is quality and aesthetics. The carpet was torn, the switchplates and outlet covers were rusty and the paint was scuffed and stained. The mini-bar was so moldy, no one wanted any of the contents. Do they even have a maintenance crew? I won't return. On a scale from 1-10, I would give it a 5. Sorry, Fairmont!	
Jul 2 2004	my first choice in Chicago	The Fairmont is just north of Grant Park (where the Art Institute and the new Frank Gehry band shell are) and a block or so in toward the lake from Michigan Ave. My brother and his family live in a condo building nearby, one of several on E. Randolph closer to the lake, and this is basically a nice mixed residential and office area on the edge of the park. Given the location, the Fairmont (and the Swissotel right around the corner) have always been preferred choices for my visits in Chicago, and we routinely put our elderly parents (my dad is 90) in these hotels. With a recent stay last weekend, probably my fourth or fifth in the Fairmont, I'd have to say it's become my number 1 choice in Chicago. It's a top quality hotel (on par with the InterContinental, Wyndham, or a Sheraton), and you can count on things being well handled, well done, and well whatever-else-you-can-think-of. The rooms have a quiet warmth that feels right--a little more like home than some hotels of this class--and the &quot;quiet&quot; is not just an emotional metaphor, as the rooms are very sound resistant. (I have never had my sleep disturbed at this hotel, and noise is something I'm kind of picky about in a hotel). They also have terrific coffee for room service--some of the best I've ever had--so the $15 charge for a large pot (including tax and room service fee) is almost worth it. Also, the Fairmont has one of the best valet parking deals in Chicago--check the website because these things seem to fluctuate at many hotels--but I've typically paid only about $25 for parking with in and out privileges there (the Fairmont has a large garage below it). To a midwestern non-big-city person like me this at first seems like a rip off, but then you see that many hotels (like the Wyndam) charge $38 a night (yikes!). My only complaint about the Fairmont would be the $1.50 charge for local phone and the $10-12 fee for internet use, but these are also typical of almost any downtown Chicago hotel.Last but not least you can often get a decent deal at the Fairmont--I paid $120 for my last stay--although this varies. Check Expedia to get the general prices and compare with other hotels, then book the room at the actual Fairmont website (you will get a much better cancellation policy this way). If I can't get a deal at the Fairmont, I always check the Swissotel, the InterContinental, the Wyndham, and the Fairfield Inn downtown. If you're reserving a couple weeks in advance, you can usually get something reasonable (around $120/night) at one of these hotels and they are all safe, pleasant, and quiet places that do things right. Of these, the Fairfield Inn isn't really the same class of hotel--it's a notch or two down from the others (think Courtyard by Marriott or a nice Holiday Inn Express) but it's very new, well run and pleasant. The Swissotel has great lake views and probably the friendliest staff. The InterContinental is the snazziest of the four and is right on Michigan Ave. (so not as quiet). The Wyndham is a little below the InterContinental or Swiss in my book (e.g., the room service coffee is just ok, the doors are less heavy and let in a little more noise, that sort of thing) but is still a good hotel with a great location. If you want to do Michigan Ave shopping, the Swiss and Fairmont are a little off center for you (4 blocks to edge of shopping area) whereas the others are 2 blocks to the center of the shopping area, but unless it's dead winter, the 5-10 minute walk is pleasant.Enjoy Chicago!	
Jun 14 2004	A wonderful choice	We stayed here for our honeymoon and received first-class service. The suite was luxurious, and the view magnificent. We especially appreciated the oversized tub and bath sommelier the hotel offered. The hotel also gave us several services free when they learned it was our honeymoon. And the Fairmont is more reasonably priced than other hotels of comparable quality. We look forward to another stay.	
Jun 3 2004	Great Choice!!!	We stayed here for our 10th anniversary. I had read the other reviews and they were right!! Service was excellent, I could not have been more pleased. We reserved a lake view room after reading other reviews. Definitely a wise choice. Just for info, the luxury bathtubs are only in the suites. However the bathrooms in the remaining rooms are still nice, but have standard tubs. Worth the money (we received an excellent price for the quality and location.) The Aria is good but the menu is limited. We used the athletic Club which had everything you need. The spa was nice but I have been to better. I would recommend and will definitely return. The concierge Roberta is the best!!!! 	
Mar 31 2004	Wonderful Hotel	This hotel is the best in the city for the money. If you stay here, pay the extra and stay in the lake view rooms. If you are here in the summertime, you can watch the navy pier fireworks right from your window. Very, Very professional staff. Great concierge. Quick elevators. Did not eat at Aria, so I cannot comment on that.	
Nov 30 2003	Our First Choice for a Chicago Hotel	The Fairmont was suggested by a friend who stayed there recently. We could not have been more pleased. From an exceptional welcome when we arrived to a beautiful spacious room overlooking the lake it was all just perfect. Dinner in Aria was something we just did not expect. It was a culinary adventure around the world. In a word EXCEPTIONAL.We will be back!	
Nov 23 2003	Don't miss the restaurant	Just a few blocks away from the famed &quot;Miracle Mile,&quot; this hotel represents a virtual bargain when compared to what you could pay for nearby 5-star hotels. Our lakeview room on the 35th floor was bigger than some suites we've been in, and had a spectacular view of Navy Pier at night. The Aria Restaurant serves unique dishes with style.	
Oct 30 2003	Fantastic Fourth		
Sep 16 2003	Shocking experience!		
Sep 6 2003	Wonderful getaway at the Fairmont		
Sep 5 2003	Could be Better		
Sep 4 2003	Great Stay		
Sep 1 2003	Our 20th Wedding Anniversary		
Aug 17 2003	Sucked!		
Jul 3 2003	Should have bee better!		
Jun 23 2003	Disappointed		
Jan 8 2003	Fairytale at the Fairmont		
Oct 28 2008 	????????????		
May 11 2007 	Bon rapport qualit / prix		
