	Great Time Beautiful Location	My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We wanted a comfortable luxury hotel that was close to the Mag. Mile. We were able to get a Corner King on the 21st floor. It was a great view. The pluses-Amazing bed-The shower was very lavish-Hotel staff were very helpful-Breakfast (free if you make your reservations online) was delicious and very filling-Location (near Mag Mile with a Whole Foods around the corner for easy snacks)-MP3 docking station was a nice add on-The gym was sufficient for a quick workout-The Spa was helpful and my massage felt wonderful after alot of walking around Chicago and my wife enjoyed her manicure and facial. Minuses -The second floor entrance was a slight problem but nothing that you can't handle-The ceilings were much to look at-The Spa prices were higher than we were used to but seemed to be inline with downtown Chicago. So as you can see I don't have alot of negative things to say about Dana. The service was great, the view was wonderful and the amenities were lavish. I would recommend this hotel to young couples or hip familes visiting Chicago for leisure	
	Very Nice	The Dana was an excellent hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. Ultra modern styling with a personalized and friendly staff.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great deal	We booked through travelocity and paid $130 a night including breakfast. The rooms are small and modern. Bed very comfortable. Close to everything. Bar on top floor, restaurant in lobby, both good. Staff very friendly.	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect place to relax in the middle of the city!	We were in Chicago for the marathon so wanted a hotel that we could have a comfortable sleep at the night before the race, and then a nice central place to enjoy after the marathon for a few days of sightseeing in the wonderful city of Chicago...the Dana fit the bill. Service was outstanding from the moment we arrived..the front desk staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. The room (cozy king) was TINY- but...we expected that for the rate we paid. It had everything we needed. Was worried about not having a tub to soak my weary muscles after the run- but the water pressure in the shower was amazing! Really decent prices in the minibar....which never makes sense to me when a hotel quadruples the regular price for a bottle of water or beer. I'll just get it elsewhere! Breakfast was excellent. Very busy on the Monday morning of Columbus Day...but fine after that. Only downside was that the rooms could have better soundproofing- or any for that matter. I sleep through anything so no problem- but my husband was up half one night due to a party next door. Security did come up- but it started up again. Overall- highly recommend the Dana. Location is amazing- bars/food all around you- Whole foods/Trader Joe's both within blocks (treat for us- no TJ's in Canada) for snacks/liquor, right between 2 subway stops on red line- walking (or hobbling if you ran a marathon) distance to most of the sights....a great stay-thanks Dana!	
Oct 20 2009 	Fantastic Experience and First Class Staff	After checking Trip Advisor and seeing the pictures of the Dana Hotel, we booked a room knowing it would be close to the Magnificent Mile and friends who were also visting Chicago. You could not have asked for a better experience! The rate was great and it included a wonderful breakfast. The location was ideal to everything we wanted to do. The spacious and hip room was on the 18th floor with a terrific view. The see-through shower into the bedroom and for all the world to see was a cool addition and a good talker with our friends who visited us. (We amde sure to take pictures but they can't be posted here.) The bed and plllows were extremely comfortable and simply the best we've ever had in a hotel. The room was also very quiet which provided for a great night's sleep.We went up to the Vertigo Bar and Club on the top floor and that was fun. It's one of the hottest night spots in town. The entire hotel is very contemporary and very pleasing to the eye. Very well designed and it added to our whole experience in Chicago. And that brings us to the staff. They couldn't have been more helpful. Jeff, Romeo and Lindsey offered us some of the best suggestions on places to eat and visit. Our first night, we wanted romance and Jeff made reservations for us at nearby &quot;Devon.&quot; We arrived to a posh restaurant and were given a private room overlooking the rest of the restaurant and tables. The food and service was incredible and it didn't take a huge chuck out of my wallet. All the other helpful suggestions from the Dana staff were right on. On our last night we wanted to hear some jazz.. Jeff recommended the Green Mill, an old nightclub that Al Capone used to frequent. To my surprise, one of my favorite jazz artists was performing that night. We went to see Patricia Barber and had the table right in front of her piano. Talk about an incredible last night in Chicago. There are many hotels in Chicago to choose from and experience. But our time at the Dana was so much fun, when we go back to Chicago, we're staying there again. Highly recommended.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great hotel Excellent location 	We stayed at the Dana in Sept, on our way home to NZ after 5 weeks of travelling around Canada. It was the perfect place to unwind for 3 days. Very helpful staff, lots of good restaurants nearby and within walking distance of the magnificent mile.We were on the 19th floor with a balcony with great views over the city. The room was a good size with a fantastic shower, and very clean. Even the ongoing noise from the police, fire engines and ambulances drifting up from the street was'nt too bad.Also very impressed with Quartino, a Italian restaurant, one block away, recommended by the concierge. She also gave us some discount coupons to use there. Very good food.The breakfast downstains was also very good.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice Rooms Great Views...and Good Food - comes slowley	The hotel is centrally located. That's been said. And yes, there is some street noise, although I didn't get much hallway noise. But I haven't been to a hotel yet, in a big city, that didn't have some noise. That said; check-in was efficient and easy. The bags were taken to our room while we went into the bar to pay for a very overpriced drink. I mean, we ordered an Irish coffee and got charged $5.00 for the cup of coffee and then $6.00 for the shot...anyway...it is a hotel bar. Up to the room, nicely appointed. The bathroom is large with a beautiful shower (we were in a double queen room - our shower had only one head, our friends were in a Comfort King room - they had like water coming from every direction) - nice comfy robes to wear too. The hair-dryer was feeble...but eventually did the job. The biggest problem with the hotel is the inconsistency. The first night the maid turned down the beds and pulled the shades, but neglected to pull the blackout shades; an important feature when you are in an east facing room...and we didn't know to do it ourselves. The second night, they were pulled, but the maid threw the pillows on the chair next to them so there was a nice crack for that sun to peek through, right into my friends eyes. A nice touch is that they give you coupons for a made to order breakfast in their downstairs restaurant - valued at $15.00. So in the morning we went downstairs for breakfast...it was busy...we waited...once we sat...we waited...and waited...can someone PLEASE bring us some coffee???? Oh, sure...we waited...and waited...can we say, the service was slow? Yes, yes we can. The food was mostly good; again a couple of missteps and inconstancies; I assume the kitchen makes their poached eggs in advance, using the method of putting the egg into an ice bath to hold it until service and then putting it into hot water to warm and finish cooking; it's an important step, that putting it back into hot water; when it's not done, the egg is a cold as ice. As was the eggs on my friend's Eggs Benedict. However, the poached eggs on my other friends plate were hot. The second morning was no better than the first on service...it was slow, and worse, it's like they are ignoring you. They don't even make eye contact. That morning I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy...let me say this...clearly...DON'T...it's not Biscuits and Gravy, it's a biscuit in some white stuff with some slices of sausage and mushrooms...that's just not right. I do want to give a shout out to TJ and the guy with the Tats, (sorry can't remember your name) you guys were great!LindySez: It's a nice place to stay, central to many sites, comfortable, and the food is good...just don't expect it any time soon.	
Oct 15 2009 	Home away from home - fantastic!	I was in Chicago to run the marathon and needed a place that offered a peaceful, relaxing room to help calm my marathon nerves and the Dana was perfect. I had a corner room with two walls of floor to ceiling windows and often times I would get lost just looking out into the city. Other times, I melted into the oh-so-comfy bed and let the stress flow away from me. The modern, urban decor of the hotel actally allowed me to forget I was in hotel and it was more like a home away from home. I'm not such a great writer so all the postiive things other reviewers have said....I'll just ditto those comments. The staff was great. My check-in took all of 90 seconds. My check-out less. The concierge was quick with restaurant suggestions that were perfect. The hotel was even kind enough to have coffee, bottled water, bananas, bagels, etc. for guest marathoners on race morning. What a nice, unexpected, very thoughtful treat. Suffice to say, I'll be back at the Dana anytime I return to Chicago - and that's as often as I can. Great city. Fantastic hotel. Couldn't have asked for better.	
Oct 12 2009 	The Dana experience was worth it!!	My wife and I came into Chicago on a late Thursday evening for the Chicago marathon. The staff was very friendly and helpful in getting us settled. The location of the hotel in Chicago left us only several blocks off Michigan Ave. and the shopping district which we truly enjoyed. The front desk staff. waiters, and doormen were very cordial and helpful with any of our questions. The room was clean, and comfortable. It was nice to come in from a day out in Chicago to a turned down bed and a quiet room. This hotels location to the Navy Pier, the lake shore park, numerous restaurants, and shopping made our visit a great one.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect -- they did everything right	Attended a small conference at the hotel and stayed there for three nights (extended for long weekend of sightseeing after the conference). My colleague and I were in total agreement that this was a stellar hotel experience -- on the flight home we tried as hard as we could to find something to criticize and couldn't come up with a single thing! The modern design of the building was wonderful (new construction) and the interior design very contemporary but classy -- just the style we both like. My room was a huge suite with great decor, a huge bathroom with gigantic walk-in double shower and two balconies. The make or break with any hotel room really is the bed and this one was fantastically comfortable with beautiful fine linens. You know, so many hotels have a trendy design aesthetic and decent beds, but what really made this experience supreme was the staff -- they were all young but on their game. Everyone from the clerks at check-in to the room service attendee, to the waiters in the restaurant, to the concierge, to the doormen, to the manicurist, they all just had that special something: a friendly quiet confidence in their manner that made you feel comfortable and taken care of. Bravo to them and the manager who knows how to hire for keepers. Bravo to all! I would stay here again without a moment of hesitation.	
Oct 11 2009 	Argh elevators of doom!	Pros:Great location - very central.Our corner room had 2 walls of floor to ceiling windows and an unpainted concrete ceiling. We really loved the modern decor and it felt very spacious, but maybe that was because of the corner location.We were very happy with the amenities in the room - fantastically comfortable bed, wonderful (huge) shower, coffee maker, safe.The inclusion of a Zeppelin mp3 player is impressive, even if we didn't use it. Our deal included $15 breakfast vouchers. We enjoyed the breakfasts, but without those vouchers, we probably would have taken breakfast elsewhere, as it's a bit pricey.The check-in machines located in the lobby enabled us to print out our boarding passes for the flight home. Awesome. Very impressed with these!Cons:The elevators. I know this sounds ridiculous, but they are the single worst thing about this hotel. The elevators shot past our floor on a regular basis, as we weren't fast enough on the trigger with our key cards. What's the point of every guest having to insert their card to select their floor when, if they were really intent on causing mayhem on a floor where they don't belong, they could just walk up or down the stair shaft to another floor anyway?! Hotel management seriously need to ditch the card system - it's infuriating. We met a disabled guest with a walking aid, riding up and down the elevator for ages, trying in vain to reach his floor. Finding a way to enter the rooftop bar was rather a quest, as you cannot go there directly from the guest elevators. You have to go via security, even to be allowed in to the special elevator up to the bar. In any other hotel with a rooftop bar, I'd have been up there several times, maybe even in the daytime, checking out the view. Not a chance with this one. When we did finally make it up there, all the areas near the windows were sectioned off for private parties anyway. It felt like they're actively trying to discourage guests from drinking in the rooftop bar.There was no information in the room re. the location of the spa. All of this creates a general feeling of &quot;We're too cool to tell you where anything is&quot;, which is a bit tiresome.	
Oct 11 2009 	There is no better than the Dana Hotel	My partner and I had the pleasure of staying at the Dana Hotel and Spa for five nights from October 1st to October 6th. It is quite possibly the best hotel stay I have ever had in the entire world (and we have traveled extensively). The check in could not have gone easier. We were even allowed to check in a bit early... which is a no-no at many hotels. The room itself is absolutey gorgeous. We stayed in a king room. Most rooms face State Street except for the ones with a balcony. The room is absolutely gorgeous! The floors were beautiful. The bed was extremely comfortable. We absolutely loved the decor. We actually liked the exposed unfinished concrete ceilings. The bathroom is a work of art in itself. The mirror's border lit up from the inside. The shower's glass wall faced the room (of course there was a curtain). The rain showerhead in the bathroom was a beautiful touch. The mini-bar's prices were reasonable. We absolutely loved the iPod docking station and the free WI-FI and ethernet connection in the room. I liked the extra touch of turn down service in the evening. Overall, the Dana is a hotel that I am looking forward to visiting again when we return to Chicago. I would also like to send a special &quot;thank you&quot; to Tim Anderson, the concierge manager who delivered a bottle of champagne to my room because he knew that I was there celebrating my 40th birthday.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel	My husband and I traveled to Chicago for the first time. There are so many hotels to choose from, so I didnt know where to begin. I looked at the W Hotel, but the rates were very high. I saw the Dana Hotel and decided to give it a try. I was very pleased with this hotel. It is very trendy and modern. The location is very good--short walking distance to Michigan Avenue. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I think this is a great hotel. The rates seemed to be very reasonable for a hotel in Chicago in a great location. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009	Had a great weekend there with my sister!	LOVE the setup of the room. The shower is pretty cool as well. The ipod doc with speakers was AMAZING! And the TV, and bed were FABULOUS!The crappy thing is that they didn't have a pool/ hot tub and the club upstairs ONLY played Alternative music- NO pop or hip-hop and R&amp;B- which really sucked :(Anywho, it was a fun labor day weekend with my sister :) Hotel staff was REALLY NICE!Parking was expensive- the lot across the street was cheaper but still expensive at 29.00 per night.	
Oct 8 2009 	Trendy comfortable hotel with good food and rooftop bar.	I stayed here for my brother's wedding weekend in August and was very pleased with the accomodations. The price was great for the Loop and the room was really nice - very comfortable beds and great shower. Note: the shower is visible from the bedroom, though there is a curtain to block the view. Just kind of weird. The restaurant had good food, though the service was really slow. And the rooftop bar had friendly staff and a great band. Would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 4 2009 	My new favorite hotel in Chicago	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dana for 3 nights in late September. From the moment we got there, the service was fantastic. Doormen were welcoming and friendly, and Tim the concierge manager was amazing. We had a Corner King room and even though it wasn't huge, it was extremely comfortable and stylish. Breakfast was included in our room rate and instead of the usual, lame continental breakfast, it was a $15pp credit at the restaurant. Needless to say, each day started off with a fantastic breakfast. The rooftop lounge was pretty cool, not too busy when we were there and ideal for late afternoon drinks. We just loved this hotel because of location, service and everything else. This was my fourth time in Chicago, each time at a different hotel, and this was definitely my favorite. Will be staying there from now on.	
Oct 1 2009 	Loved the Dana!	I stayed for 3 nights at the Dana with my friend and we absolutely loved it.Location - Close to the subway/transit but easy enough to walk pretty much anywhere if you have the time and energy to do it. We purchased 72 hour transit passes for $14 and they were well worth it.Rooms - We had a Comfy King, so it was a bit small, but this did not in any way negatively impact our stay. We had a small balcony overlooking State Street , which was great and the entire balcony consisted of huge windows. The decor was ultra-modern, which is very much our style. If you don't like modern you won't like this room. The room had a large flat screen TV, a great sound system and a single serve coffee maker which made great coffee. There was a well stocked honour bar which I thought was quite reasonably priced. Bedding and linens were top-notch. The glass walled shower (which can be visible to the sleeping area if you want - we always had the curtain drawn) and vanity area were beautiful. Turn down service was provided and on 2 of the three nights, chocolate covered fortune cookies were left on the bed. Thick robes and slippers are provided for your use. Staff - Staff were wonderful - particularly the doormen who were always ready to help out. When you check in your luggage is taken and delivered to your room as the actual check in desk is on the second floor. The bellman offered some great tips on Chicago . All the staff were extremely helpful and courteous.Dining - We only ate breakfast at the hotel. $15 vouchers are provided for each morning of your stay, for each person. I found the prices to be very reasonable and between the 2 of us, we never exceeded the $30. Free coffee was available at the lobby bar so that helped lessen the breakfast bill. I usually had a coffee (or 2) in my room as soon as I woke up. As one other poster mentioned, the pancakes are too large, but they made for a great picture. I had the grilled PB&amp;J, which was very nice, and a fresh fruit smoothie and toast. I always found it to be more than enough food. My friend usually had some type of egg dish and was always happy with her meal.Facilities - We didn't use the spa, but checked out the gym. It is on the small side, but had several cardio machines and free weights.I would definitely stay here again. And I also noticed there were several young families staying at the hotel. I also wouldn't hesitate to bring the rest of my family here. I found the best price booking directly with the hotel.	
Sep 30 2009 	Awesome Place!!	I came to Chicago for a girls weekend, and was pleasantly surprised by the Dana. From the moment we walked up to the hotel all of the staff was more than helpfull! The rooms are kinda of small but the atmosphere more than makes up for it. If you have any problems finding your way around Chicago, or just want an opinion on where to eat, ask TJ he is one of the doorman there. He may have been the friendliest and most helpful one of them all. I will not stay at another hotel in Chicago from now on!!! The beds were AMAZING!	
Sep 26 2009 	Hotel staff amazing 	It was our 20th anniversary treat and first visit to Chicago. I phoned for direct reservation and Laura made sure we were treated well from the start. We had a great rate due to a promotion. The staff all knew us by name and were most attentive, from the doormen to the front desk and particularly the concierge - Tim! He went the extra mile in whatever queries we had. Tiffany and Romeo were also top notch! I agree with the already mentioned positive comments of other reviewers.The only dispute I have with one of the reviews is that their restaurant's breakfast portions were NOT too large at all. Sadly the service could be vastly improved, the waitresses over the four days were consistently inattentive and forgetful with our requests. Such a contrast from the amazing hotel staff. That would be my only negative comment. Inspite of that, I would definitely make Dana my preferred hotel to return to. Definitely a young crowd but vitality is infectious! Even old married couples are welcomed!	
Sep 24 2009 	Fantastic Location	The Dana Hotel is a very trendy, well located hotel. Located only a few blocks away from the mag mile and only 2 blocks from the train!The front entrance is very plain and you need to take an elevator up to the very small lobby. The staff was fantastic! They were very polite and very accomodating. The doormen were awesome and very friendly!There were a few issues - when we booked our hotel it said it included a free continental breakfast. The first morning we asked about breakfast and were directed to the Aja restaurant. We were given a regular menu and paid for our breakfast. The next morning we asked again about the continental breakfast and were told that they had &quot;discontinued&quot; the continental breakfast but should have been given vouchers at the front desk for those who had booked with the free breakfast option. She gave us a voucher for breakfast that morning and compted us for the breakfast we had paid for the day before. All in all, huge points for excellent customer service.The breakfast at the hotel was okay. I found it quite heavy and greasy- and don't order the pancakes - they are the size of the table - as we noticed some other hotel guests had ordered and could barely eat half of it.The rooms were small but well appointed. there were robes and slippers - nice touch. And they have a real hairdryer that is not attached to the wall - huge bonus! Our room did not have a window but rather a small balcony. Cute. The noise from the hallway can be heard into the bedroom so we ended up stuffing a towel under the door every night.The Vertigo Lounge on the rooftop was nice. Busy on the Saturday night -had some pretty nice views of the city.Overall, it was a great experience!	
Sep 24 2009 	Welcome back	I've stayed at this hotel approximately 4 times for a combination of business and personal and had a very positive experience from my very first stay which is why I chose to return whenever I am in Chicago. I am a diamond member at Hyatt and equivalent levels at other chain hotels. I travel approximately 2-3 months a year on business. I used to stay at the Hyatt Regency exclusively whenever in town but their treatment of frequent guests is spotty at best. Reason I bring this up is that the Dana treats me better than the other guys and they do take care of their returning guests. Ijust wish more of my business travels brings me back to my home city.Yes, my home city! For those of you who like sweeping city views and want an experience of city living at least for a short while, this is the place for you. I just happen to like a balcony over looking the bustling city streets and people watch while having a glass of wine to think about the day's events but that's just my preference. The technology in the room is great and the location is perfect just off of Mag Mile, tucked away amongst the many high rise condos which adds visual interest.The rooms are definitely interesting but if you like the plain and mundane and like the roudy convention crowds of large chain hotels, this is not the place for you. I can't comment on the restaurant or in room dining because I've never dined in the hotel (I hit my old haunts) but the mini bar is actually quite reasonable but heck, there's a 7-eleven aross th street.Ok, the rooms admittedly are a bit smallish. If you're traveling with someone or need a work space, definitely get the suite. But I've also traveled there by myself and stayed in a cozy king and like the namesake, it is quite cozy, just not quite big enough for two people but nevertheless I've enjoyed my stay in that room type. Bed and linens and linens...amazing. What keeps me coming back is that they remember their returning guests and the last two times the doorman greeting me by name getting out of the cab from the airport. It is a chic hotel, but it doesn't mean you have to be a snob to stay there. Say hello to the people who work there, they are human afterall. I find them to be a friendly bunch.Like we teach our children, treat others as you want to be treated and if that doesn't work, then definitely bring it up with management. I acknowledge that people do have bad experiences in hotels but in reading the reviews on this site, I think that just needs to be said.Just reporting my experience and opinion at this hotel. I just wish that the corporation that runs this hotel had more places in the areas I travel frequently to. They make me feel like I've come home.	
Sep 22 2009 	Needs Improvement	We picked the Dana Hotel for an overnight Sunday stay because we wanted to be closer to the shopping areas, and support a boutique hotel. We foresake our typical choice of staying at the Stellar Burnham Hotel, for Dana. We found our stay disappointing. Perhaps it's the economy or the staff was too tired from the weekend revellers and didn't give much attention to those staying there on a Sunday night. We're not fussy travellers and don't need much apart from courteous, competent service. We didn't have that experience at the Dana. I'll highlight some of the good and bad points we experienced.-- Positives:Awesome bed.Comfortable room: we have an asian inspired, cotemporary waterfront condo and were pleased with the decor.--Negatives:Check-in staff seemed like they were trying to replicate a cool, youthful, aloof urban energy. It came off as apathetic. One got the feeling that they were doing this job until they went to their &quot;real jobs&quot; later on.Does this place really have a spa? Every time I have ever checked into a hotel that has a spa ... they at least tell you a little about it. This is true whether I have stayed at destination spa locations, or hotels where the spa is an amenity for a predominantly business clientele.-- Aja Steak: was pleased with the subbtle Hawaiian flair in the menu. Fish was good quality. I think we got left-over rice on our maki, because it was terrible. Service was lower than average. Perhaps we got the Sunday, C level staff. They were poorly trained ....and I almost felt like piping up &quot; ummmm ...are there any adults running this place?&quot;We have travelled internationally and stayed at numerous hotels. My basic rule is that if a place has an expensive, diverse selection of sakis and wines with limited descriptors; they should have someone on staff to discuss the selections. They didn't that night. Worse still, we had a flaky waitress who did not even seem to understand the qualitative distinctions between the food &amp; drink selections on the menu. In an effort to be friendly/knowledgeable she tried to pipe in how did not know much about sakes ... but she loved the junmai daiginjo sakes. Her comment would have been acceptable if she knew what she was talking about (we are avid sake drinkers); but it's like someone who knows nothing about the varied construction &amp; mechanisms in watches saying how they love the quality and mastery of how Cartier watches are built.Next time, we'll stick to the Burnham Hotel. Kimpton just gets how to do boutique hotels, and they have shown that prowess nationally and internationally. Besides, they are in the same price range as the Dana.	
Aug 25 2009 	Loved the experience.. few things to improve on.	I stayed at the Dana Hotel while on a business trip and was pleased with the stay. Hotel décor is very modern. Some may like it, some won’t. I loved it. My room (23rd FL Serene King) was very comfortable, clean and I truly felt at home. What I liked: Detail, details, details. They definitely get kudos for keeping the needs of a traveler in mind. The bed, bedding, pillows and sheets were very soft and relaxing. I loved the hardwood floor. The bathroom shower has a glass wall that looks out to the room and has a rainfall showerhead. They have a real hair dryer in the bathroom, not the cheap ones attached to the wall of many hotels. (Ladies, you know what I mean.) Very nice spa quality toiletries, cotton balls, Q-tips, bath robes, slippers and extra towels. Mini bar is stocked very nicely along with a good selection of condiments: dried fruits, snacks, etc. My room also had an MP3 connection so I listened to my ipod in the room. Flat screen TV, coffee maker and a large desk allowing me much needed work space.I had dinner at the hotel restaurant ajasteak and was very pleased with the quality of food and service. Their prime beef carpaccio is one of the best I’ve had and the maki roll portions are very generous. After dinner, when I went back to my room, they had provided a turn-down service and left a couple of their chocolate dipped fortune cookies on the bed. Yum. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to check out vertigo sky lounge, but heard it was great .Areas needing improvements:For all the right they did, there were two things that I found very frustrating. First is the temperature of the room. I had the thermostat set to 60 in hopes of keeping the room cool! (I generally like the room temp in the low 70’s.) Despite lowering it, the room still got very warm at times. It almost felt like the AC had a mind of its own and worked great at times then stop working all together. Second, I was very excited to see the self check-in machines by the front desk thinking I can check-in with my airline and print the boarding pass early. Well, it recognized my flight itineraries but wouldn’t print the boarding pass. Oh well.Overall, a great hotel with friendly staff. I would recommend this hotel and will stay here again in the future.	
Aug 24 2009 	great place to stay	Excellent hotel. Good location. Very good rooms and friendly staff. Breakfast was great too.	
Aug 19 2009 	Magnificient hotel with breathtaking views on the City	I stayed in the Dana Hotel for 5 nights in June 2009, and really enjoyed it. I really enjoyed the contemporary architecture and was really pleased with the comfort of my room.It was well equipped : large bed, large TV, large bathroom and a wonderful sound system for my Ipod (Zeppelin from Bower &amp; Wilkins).Breakfast was a bit disappointing, but the restaurant was fabulous...anyway, due to a central location in the Loop, it 's not difficult to find a good restaurant in the neighborhood...To conclude, I spent an excellent stay in this hotel and feel sure to return there ASAP...	
Aug 17 2009 	Eye candy sexy night for a couple	The interior design from the lobby to the room is really classy and modern. Front Desk staff was very friendly. Room was super clean and if you're looking for a sexy place to stay with your significant other, this is it. The bathroom shower shared a common wall with the bedroom...except it was glass, not a wall. There's a curtain you can pull if you want to but, who wants to? I wouldn't necessarily say that the view outside was too appetizing, as you can see straight across into the condos, so no good view of the city really.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent hotel 	Stayed in the Dana for five nights to explore Chicago. Got upgraded from a Serene King to a Corner King. This means, I had two of the four walls with windows from floor to ceiling. Location is excellent as I could walk everywhere (approx. 25 minutes to Millenium Park, 10 min. to John Hancock Building - all along Michigan Avenue). Facilities of the hotel are excellent, the room is fully equipped with all mod-cons. The best was the view from the room - all around to the street below and the neighbouring buildings. Service was conscientious and always very friendly. There was no complimentary continental breakfast anymore, but I got USD 15.-- vouchers for breakfast - so I could chose what I liked. Wheater permitting, I could sit outside. There is some traffic noise from the streets below, which is normal in the midst of a big city. I can recommend the hotel if you want to stay in an unstuffy, friendly, modern and well-serviced place.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great value but far from perfect	Enjoyed three nights at Dana from August 1 - 4. The hotel is very modern, perfectly located, clean and well priced. We managed to get it at $105 Cdn per night. Problems we encountered: The room was very small and dark. We were on the backside of the hotel and the window was only a patio door. Made the room depressing, but we did not spend much time in the room during the day. Room was also not well positioned. The TV was facing the side of the bed, rather than at the foot. As there was no sitting area, watching TV was difficult. Finally, the Dana advertised that a continental breakfast was included in the price. They cancelled the breakfast starting August 3rd but failed to tell anyone. Very misleading.The good part: The staff is very friendly. The concierge (Aleksandra) was extremely helpful and spot on with her restaurant recommendations. She even tried to make up for the cancelled breakfast by offering a complimentary bottle of wine from the room. By the way, the bar fridge selection in the room is good and well priced. Excellent Ipod speakers in the room. At this price, I would stay again, but get a room in the front of the building.	
Aug 5 2009 	Anniversary trip in Chicago	My husband and I stayed at the Dana Hotel for our anniversary weekend. It is a very hip hotel. It is set up for a younger crowd. I would not recommend staying here if you are older and have children. The location is perfect. It is close to Michigan Avenue but just enough away from it too. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. We stayed on the 25th floor which I would not recommend if you want to sleep. The club on the 26th floor plays loud music until early in the morning and you can hear it. My husband and I used the spa too. The massage therapists were wonderful! Recommend the couples harmony massages. The relaxation room needs more tranquility and comfortable chairs. The locker rooms were very nice with all the amenties that you need. The elevators were my only real complaint. They are slow and you have to use your room card to get it to work, which does not work most of the time.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice place trying a little too hard?	We stayed for the weekend for purposes of doing a running race in Grant Park on Sunday, but wanted to also enjoy the city for dining, etc. as we typically do once a year. The location is great (though the construction on the opposite corner very early on Monday morning would have been maddening, had we not been awake on Eastern time) and central to walk to many restaurants and shops. Check-in was fine, and they obliged us with late check-out, as well. Overall hotel service was good, but the waitstaff working the complimentary continental breakfast was incompetent and rude. Valet parking was $38/night (cha-ching), and we were glad upon leaving that we didn't have to take the car in and out over the weekend, as we waited for almost 15 minutes for our car and were the only people standing there.Our room was one of the corner rooms with floor to ceiling windows, and generally decorated in good (modern) taste. We did not have a safe in the room, which we did not discover until having unpacked, and the front desk's only suggestion was to move us to another room. ugh. We didn't really get the whole &quot;zen&quot; thing they market. I had a spa treatment after the race on Sunday, and thoroughly enjoyed the massage--the therapist was great--but it was overpriced and the rest of the spa staff was fairly inept. They put me in a relaxation room to wait for my therapist, did not offer refreshments, and just didn't seem to know how to handle themselves. Some of the finishes seemed a bit shoddy or too quickly done. My biggest gripe was really that the whole placing was trying too hard to be hip and ultra-trendy, possibly at the expense of what could have been elegant and chic (house music constantly playing in the common areas of the hotel, a staff with purposefully wild hair-do's, etc etc etc). We were pleasantly surprised at the &quot;honor bar&quot; prices and really enjoyed our 1/2 bottle of Veuve for only $32 as a nice way to start the weekend. We only paid $125/night on a promo on a non-hotel affiliated website, and so were fine with the value we received, but would likely not return.	
Jul 31 2009 	Generally nice but lacks good service	Small, overcrowded reception area, snappy hostess upon reception telling us to go upstairs to check in (as if we were stupid not to know that), two separate very busy elevators needed to get to room, luggage was very late finding its way to the room (2 calls needed to hunt it down), internet that didn't work for 1 1/2 of our 3 days there, but worst of all was the very, very bad service at the restaurant: we got the feeling we were putting them out (way out!) by showing up and asking for our continental breakfast. For that alone, I won't be back.	
Jul 29 2009 	Awesome Weekend	My wife and I stayed at the Dana for our honeymoon, and it was, in her words &quot;urban decadence&quot;. We loved the hotel itself, the food was incredible and the location is great for anyone visiting Chicago. We only wish we had more time there.	
Jul 27 2009 	Outstanding! Had our annual client meeting here....terrific!	We had 50 of our clients attend a two day meeting at the Dana Hotel. Most were from out of town so they booked a room. We had 100% positive client feedback! The meeting room was perfect, the food was wonderful and the service was impecable! We will book all client meetings at the Dana.	
Jul 23 2009 	Stay here at your own risk...	Do NOT choose the Dana Hotel if you value honest staff! I recently visited here for a business event. Since parking in downtown Chicago is always a pricey hassle, I was happy to learn guests of the event would have free valet parking for their one night stay (as advertised by event organizers and promised by hotel staff upon our arrival.) At the hotel, I double-checked about complimentary parking to ensure I wouldn't have any surprise charges popping up. I was assured by the hotel bellman &quot;Yes, parking is complimentary,&quot; so we decided to go valet. But, sure enough at the end of my stay, I was smacked with valet parking fees! What?! The hotel manager only offered me (and the couple dozen other hotel guests who were also promised free parking) a deficient &quot;Sorry, you'll have to pay for parking.&quot; Needless to say I was furious, not because I had to pay for parking, but because we were LIED TO by hotel staff and dismissed by a manager who would not step up to right a glaring &quot;wrong.&quot; I would not visit the Dana again or recommend this hotel to anyone - friend or foe.	
Jul 16 2009 	Modern straight forward boutique	Some people may find the rooms austere. I liked it - concrete ceilings, all glass exterior wall, dark furniture... The hotel offered a great list of features, iPod dock, large flatscreen, free internet, great office chairs, rain shower with another handheld wand, free continental breakfast for two (which was great because my colleague was staying at another hotel and the Dana let him join me for breakfast everyday).This is my new hotel of choice for a quick trip to Chi-town.	
Jul 10 2009 	Dana is DANG good...	If you like whole foods, friendly people, attentive staff, and comfy beds then this hotel is for you...First off, as a Naturalist I loved that Whole Foods, and Trader Joes are right around the corner from this place. I loved that it took all of 3 minutes to walk to the magnificent mile. I loved that so many great restaurants (including the Tempo Cafe and the West Egg) were right close and so yummy.Second, the rooms are so rad! The beds are so comfy here. The glass shower open to the room (if you want it to be) was so sensual and fun. My husband and I came on a trip to Chicago to visit the taste of Chicago and this hotel was the perfect stay for it. FYI - there are very few hotels downtown that offer FREE wi-fi in your room AND continental breakfast. Try to find it, you'll be hard-pressed. This hotel is only a couple years old and very well build. The rooms are small but comfy and ours had a little balcony which my husband proceeded to enjoy spitting off of. The ipod dock was sick! It had such good bass and really came in handy for us. The shower was heavenly and it made you linger in it along time. The only complaint we had was that our rooms air was not working properly but when we called maintenance they were there in a flash and fixed it right away and even offered us a free breakfast (besides the continental) for our trouble! The bed envelopes you and carries you off into sleepy town...that is of course if you don't have a room by the elevator which I would recommend not having since you can hear it alot. But it was great anyway, we slept well, especially with soothing music playing on my ipod through the dock station while we slept. I loved the bamboo toiletries and the Kuirig Coffee Maker (oh my gosh) I have to have one!!!!! The hotel must have known I was coming too, because they had Green Mountain Organic Fair Trade Coffee too!!! My Favorite! As you can see they won me over, and they will you too! A few tips:Make sure and sit down in the lobby if you expect the continental breakfast, otherwise there is just yogurt for you to take to the room. They will offer you a roll or a danish if you sit down. Also, try the fitness center, it is great! I love the free-motion equipment. And ask for a room away from elevators and visit they concierge for lots of coupons for surrounding activities and restaurants. Don't be afraid to ask for anything - this hotel is very accomodating!	
Jul 10 2009 	Absolutely fantastic!	loved the super soft bed. The view was spectacular, the staff was great. They have a complimentary continental breakfast that is a bowl of fresh fruit, youghurt, and croissants or scones, coffee in big saucer cups and juices. Free high speed wifi was an added bonus!	
Jul 6 2009 	Could've been great ... too bad it wasn't.	My wife, who just so happens to be named Dana, spent our first weekend alone since our first child was born eight weeks ago. I researched downtown Chicago hotels for weeks and finally decided on The Dana after reading so many wonderful reviews.I called the hotel about a week ahead of our arrival and asked them for three small requests.1. We wanted a king bed. This certainly didn’t seem like much to ask. It was just my wife and I, so that makes plenty of sense anyway.2. We need a room with a refrigerator. Since my wife is breast feeding, she needed to keep the milk chilled for the weekend.3. If possible, an upper level room with a view.Upon arriving at the Dana, we were greeted very pleasantly by the door staff and escorted to the front desk on the second floor. After a very short wait, we were quickly given our room card and headed up to our room. The room was the complete opposite of what we requested: Two double beds, no refrigerator and a 12th floor view of the side of a building. I immediately went back down to the desk and let them know we needed a new room and their response was basically “We’re booked, too bad”. When we explained we needed a refrigerator and we were already told by phone it wouldn’t be a problem, their response was again “Your room doesn’t come with a refrigerator, too bad.” I’ve never experienced a front desk that was so unhelpful. It wasn’t exactly the way I wanted to start our weekend.Fortunately, the check-in was the lowlight of the trip. Despite the fact my wife and I slept in separate beds, had to make God knows how many trips to the ice machine (which is hidden in a closet on the fifth floor) and gazed out of our window into an office building, I slowly warmed up to The Dana and eventually left the hotel with a feeling that I might, just maybe, stay there once again.POSITIVES1. Location. You can’t beat staying right in the heart of downtown Chicago within walking distance of everything that makes this city so wonderful. Dining, shopping, beach, nightlife … You are right in the middle of all of it.2. Vertigo. The hotel has one of the best rooftop lounges in Chicago. It was packed both nights we were there and the views from 27 stories above were fantastic. The drinks were great. The staff was helpful. Good crowd. Great place.3. Shower. It’s a one-of-a-kind with a rain head spout from the ceiling and glass on both sides separating the bedroom and the bathroom. It’s about as nice of a hotel bathroom as you’re going to find.4. Complimentary breakfast. It was so nice to be able to walk downstairs and sit down and be served a perfectly, light meal. They brought a really good fruit bowl with the choice of pastry and quality coffee and juices. It was very simple and very good.5. Door staff. The guys at the front door go out of their way to make you feel special. Any request was quickly answered and, unlike the front desk staff, they were very pleasant and genuine.NEGATIVES1. Front desk. I’ve already covered it all with them. You would think a hotel would employ its most helpful workers for this position, not the opposite. The front desk staff was a joke. Completely clueless and just flat out insulting.2. Elevator. This might sound like I’m being picky, but I can’t tell you how many times I was in the elevator and another person was mumbling expletives as they battled with the elevator. In order to push the button of your floor, you have to very quickly insert your room card and then make your choice. This is much easier said than done because every single person on the elevator has to do it in order to select your floor. It’s almost like trying to feed a crumbled dollar bill into a vending machine under pressure. It’s incredibly annoying and if you don’t do it quickly, you miss your floor and have to ride the elevator down to the lobby again. I appreciate the security, but I truly believe this is the hotel’s way of trying to be hip and in turn just pissing a lot of people off.3. Thin walls. I had the stereo playing at low volume and within minutes the hotel security was knocking. If you need to sleep, this isn’t the hotel for you.4. Trying too hard. This hotel desperately wants to be young and hip. It’s not young by any means and it’s not really all that hip. This place is loaded with middle-agers (40-50 crowd) and all of their attempts at being cool kind of fall short. Example: To get into the rooftop club, you have to briefly stand behind a velvet rope even if the damn place is empty. I could probably give you 10 examples of stuff like that. The ceilings in the room are unfinished cement. Trendy or an eye sore? I definitely thought the latter.5. Ice machine. Call and ask guest services where the ice machine is located. They will tell you it’s on the fifth floor. If you can find it in less than 10 minutes, I’ll be impressed. There are a lot of things at this hotel where you just scratch your head and think, what the @#$% were they thinking?	
Jun 25 2009 	An oasis in the heart of the city	It was a very nice hotel, the beds were great, and I loved the chocolate dipped fortune cookies that came with the turn-down service. Service staff was professional and courteous without being ingratiating. The continental breakfast was very good.	
Jun 15 2009 	Cool hotel I'd stay there again	Didn't know much about this place until we got there, nice bar in the lobby and another on the rooftop, swanky atmosphere all around, but comfortable. Rooftop bar got packed at night with a nice looking crowd, there was a model show while we were there, lucky timing on our part. Staff was excellent and extremely helpful with a couple reservation hiccups, I booked through a third party name your price site and it got a little screwy, but since I had my confirmation numbers everything was sorted out quickly. Definitely more of a place for couples but we were there for a bachelor party and no one seemed to mind either way. Good location, and price, I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 12 2009 	Clean trendy Hotel in a great location....	My wife and I wanted to get into Chicago for 1 night, since the kids school year just came to a halt. 24 hours to do whatever we wanted and not worry about the clock or deadlines. The hotel is in a very cool neighborhood in the city with lots of shopping, cool restaurants and Lake Michigan and the Chicago River within walking distance. The rooms were soooo cool with a see through shower, wood floors, cool artwork, comfortable bedding, clean, clean, clean....and awesome views out our windows. THey also have a rooftop club called Vertigo which was awesome with views of the city, a firepit , trendy music and good drinks. THe restaurant is awesome and they give give compliemtary continental breakfast in the a.,m......fresh fruit , cinnamon rolls, homemade OJ , and grapefruit juice....We went to a theater a few blocks away, went to dinner at the restaurant and the nite club. It's a hotel for couples....not for kids....but there is nothing wrong with that !!	
Jun 8 2009 	New fresh and good location	very modern with reasonable pricing! PLUS, you get a cont. breakfast with Julius Meinl coffee, free wireless,...all very nice. The gym is small but nice..the locker rooms have steam showers which are clean.Front desk and concierge were friendly! All in all, great experience.. rooms are not huge (but the tv was!)...so, good for couples or singles unless you upgrade to a suite...FYI - the see through shower is cool, but I would NOT stay in a room with just a friend or my parent..there is a curtain that you can pull, but it is a bit odd.VERY nice bath, though	
Jun 5 2009 	Trendy upscale and new. Great downtown location	The hotel seems to be very new, probably opened in 2008. The design of the hotel, the rooms, and the attached restuarant and bar is very reminiscent of the W Hotels. Quite trendy, but very nice. The rooms featured partial hardwood floors and very nice furniture/fixtures/TV, etc. Floor to cieling windows with black-out shades. Would highly recommend. Free computers with internet access were very usefull.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very nice	I stayed here with my husband and children at the end of May for a weekend sightseeing trip. The location is pretty good, just a couple of blocks from the Mag Mile. We walked to the Sears Tower and Navy Pier and Millennium Park, but it was a pretty long walk.We had a Tranquil Suite which was very nice. Housekeeping was excellent and everything was very clean. Checking in was a breeze. The continental breakfast was very high quality and service was very good.Overall, I could find no faults with this hotel other than it may be a little farther walk to sightseeing destinations than others. It was a nice place and I would stay here again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Cool modern hotel	Had a great long weekend stay here. The rooms are modern and spacious, complete with hardwood floors—a nice alternative to grungy hotel carpet. But beware, they’re a bit slippery! And I wish they’d done the entire room in hardwoods; there’s carpet surrounding the bed. Speaking of the bed, it’s quite possibly the most comfortable that I’ve ever slept in. There’s also FREE wi-fi in the room, which is a big plus in my book. Didn’t partake of the mini-bar but was pleasantly surprised to see how reasonable the prices were.Noise was a bit of an issue; our room was on the 8th floor, corner of Erie and State, and we heard quite a bit of street noise especially at night (or the occasional 3:30 a.m. brawl…). The only other complaint is the annoying elevator security system which was slightly tempermental. Our stay included a free continental breakfast which was pretty typical – bagels, croissants, scones, cereal, fruit and yogurt. Loads of Starbucks nearby, too.Checked out the Vertigo Sky Lounge on the Friday night that we were there, before heading elsewhere. The view is great – perfect for a nice spring/summer night. It’s a bit to “scene-y” for my taste, especially with the silly velvet rope at the entrance. Don’t think that’s necessary although there was a line to get in around 11 p.m. Drinks are pretty reasonably-priced, though, in my opinion.Location really can’t be beat for checking out the city.	
May 22 2009 	Beautiful hotel with vapid inattentive staff	Beautiful hotel coupled with unprofessional and inattentive staff equals pretty vacant experience. We stayed in the standard room which still afforded ceiling to floor glass windows, beautiful glass showers, and city views in this newer high rise hotel in downtown Chicago. Really the only negative was the unprofessional staff. Several times during the stay there was no hot water. Apparently they were having a hot water problem and the engineering staff had no clue what they were doing. He came into the room, tested out the shower and said, &quot;you're right there is no hot water and I have no idea why but it should be fixed in a few hours.&quot; The manager who sounded like he was in his 20s, very inarticulate and unhelpful promised a discount for a future stay which never came into fruition. A frustrating experience not having hot water, not being able to shower at your convenience, showering in different hotel rooms and empty promises from unprofessional, incompetent, juvenile staff put a damper on what could have been a perfect experience. Additionally, skip the mediocre over-priced food in their restaurant and room service.	
May 20 2009 	Interesting but not for everyone	Dana Hotel and Spa is very new and is oriented to tech-savvy people who like industrial chic design. The service is great. A good continental breakfast of fresh food is provided. As for the room, the flat screen TV, iPod dock, showerhead on the ceiling and especially the floor-to-ceiling windows are fun. The bed was a bit soft and I didn't like the exposed concrete walls and minimal lighting but these are matters of taste. Also there was traffic noise (on the 17th floor) and from the elevator which our room was near. A glass wall with just a curtain separates the bathroom/shower and the room. The staff leaves the curtain open and also raises the window shades when they make up the room so you have to remember to pull it closed when you return and use the bathroom. We stayed 4 days and I never figured out the TV menu or the elevator security system. Also, oddly, the free wireless internet had some problem with Yahoo - I was never able to check my email although most other websites worked fine. The location was great, I like the rooftop bar, and the 4th night free deal made it a good value since we were staying 4 nights. But I probably will choose more conventional lodging if I'm back in Chicago.	
May 19 2009 	Great Value off the Mag Mile!	The location is right off the mag mile where there are lots of restaurants and bars for night life. The valet met us as the cab pulled up. The staff was all friendly-particularly the bellhops. We had a corner room and it rocked!! Very clean and the housekeeping was easily accessible for extra towels, etc. The consierge desk was extra helpful as we were trying to find a bar to play the Brewers/Cardinals game (not hard in Cubs town!). The only downfall was slow service at the bar. Breakfast service was prompt and friendly and it was nice to have a complimentary breakfast included in the stay. We didn't get room service but used the in room fridge and it was more than reasonable compared to other hotels in Chicago. We booked the 3 nights so we saved 25%. We have stayed at the Drake and Hard Rock (worst hotel stay in the city I've had) in the past, and while the view of the Drake over Lake Michigan was spectacular, the room at the Dana was much cleaner and newer and the valet staff had much more urgency at the Dana. This is an ideal hotel also if you are using public transportation around the city. Only 2 blocks from the redline which gets you all over the main stops in the city-or to jump onto other lines to get into the neighborhoods. We will for sure visit the Dana again soon.	
May 13 2009 	Modern and stylish hotel in a great location but perhaps too modern for some.	We stayed at the Dana Hotel and Spa for 4 nights and had a great time. It's location is perfect for travel from the airport via the subway/El, and we walked to shopping, restaurants, bars, and tourist spots from there. The rooms are very modern and stylish, with a few design issues that might make some people uncomfortable. Our room had great ceiling to floor windows with sun shade panels and blackout panels behind those. Because each shade is a panel, you do have some space between each one, which allowed light to come through. If you need a completely dark room to sleep, you might have an issue. We heard some noise on Saturday night, and our room was right in front of the elevators, so we sometimes heard people getting on and off, but nothing was too disturbing. As far as the &quot;famous&quot; glass shower window, there is plenty of privacy with the curtain drawn. However, if someone uses the bathroom in the middle of the night, the light illuminates the rest of the bedroom. Perhaps a blackout shade there would be more appropriate. The shower enclosure only has small a glass wall, and the bathroom floor can get a bit wet as a result. The bed was very comfy. We really enjoyed the mini-bar selections and wine selections, and all had reasonable prices.We went up to the Vertigo Lounge for a little bit, and while we aren't clubby people, it had a good vibe and was very busy. The view is awesome, and there is a nice outdoor area.We enjoyed our stay and would certainly return to this hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Fun Hotel in a Perfect Location	A friend and I just finished a stay at the Dana and loved it! The location on State Street was ideal --- easy walk to Michigan Avenue, Lincoln Park, Gold Coast area, etc. Tons of restaurants, shopping, and bars within minutes on foot. Decor is sleek and contemporary, loved the fun shower that looks into the room (with a curtain), beds were incredibly comfortable with great sheets, wireless internet was reliable, and everything was pretty tasteful. The hotel's club has fantastic views, even if the staff's outfits were pretty trashy, and overall service was great. I'd say the staff is relatively young and inexperienced by Four Seasons standards, but they were efficient and helpful when needed. We didn't eat at the restaurant, but it was gorgeous.The only downsides for us were the poor sound insulation between rooms and the hallway, room a/c that never seemed to get cold enough, and having to take the elevator + stairs or 2 separate elevators each time you go from the room to street level (lobby is on the second floor).Overall I thought it was a fun, stylish, well-located property and an excellent value. We'd stay again without hesitation.	
Apr 28 2009 	The Dana Hotel and Spa should be your ONLY choice!	We just finished a 2 night stay at the Dana in their Corner King room. From the second we walked in to the time we left, this hotel exceeded all of our expectations. The staff is fantastic and friendly, the hotel is swanky yet comfortable, and the location is second to none. We can't say enough good things about this hotel and our experience here during our 1st Wedding Anniversary. We even called within the first few hours and recommended it to our friends who are planning their trip to Chicago. The choice to stay at the Dana was somewhat by luck, but the next time it will be due to the experience.	
Apr 27 2009 	Amazing...perfect Chicago hotel!!!	This place is breathtaking. We paid $119 plus tax a night and stayed for 5 nights, and it was a great experience. Our room was gorgeous and spacy. We stayed on the 19th floor and had a no balcony king. The layout was so unique and modern. The bathroom and shower was AMAZING, I could have stayed in there for hours!Customer service was 10/10. They helped with directions, we had leftover pizza and room service heated it up for u (ofcourse we tipped them). Rooms were clean and beautiful. There was a wierd celing design which makes it look dingy, but we realized this was the plan. This is THE MOST comfortable bed I have slept in in my LIFE! The only one minor complaint I had was that the AC only cooled so much and it could get a tad warm after showering.. We are people who like the room freezing cold, but it was still comfortable. Breakfast was decent. No eggs, waffles, but they had these delicious scones! The location is as good as it gets! Right near great restaruants, subway, the mag mile, and the Amtrak station.I would give this hotel a 10+/10. LOVED IT and hoped we get to come back real soon. if the rates are decent, this is the only hotel we would ever stay at in Chicago from now oN!	
Apr 20 2009 	Loved it.	I stayed at the Dana as a part of a group. One of the best chic hotels I have stayed at in a long time. The room was a little small but the layout makes up for it. Being a business traveller, I like having desk space and a sitting area and this room had both. the bed was very comfortable and I loved the linens. Made for a good nights sleep. The sirens outside and traffic noise doesn't normally bother me but having walked the downtown areas of Chicago, this would be a problem no matter where you stay. Folks.... check out the shower. I will return just for that. No regular hotel showers here. The pressure was perfect and the rainfall effect was amazing. The bathroom was big and made getting ready in the morning that much easier. The IPOD docking station was great. I have an Ipod touch and I could actually watch my videos on the TV. Easy to use and made my stay even better. Staff were good although some of my group complained that they were a little rude. I didn't experience that at all. The bar on the roof was a little upscale. the servers acted as if you were bothering them but it seemed like this was the atmosphere they want up there. If I go back to Chicago on business, I will go back, that's for sure	
Apr 16 2009 	Fabulous boutique hotel-perfect location	Stayed at the Dana for the second time this past weekend and again had a wonderful time. The floor to ceiling windows are amazing overlooking the city. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. Had an initial problem with the wireless but they moved me a different (and better!) room and it was fine. Room service is great as are the beds and amenities. Highly recommend if you're planning a trip to the windy city!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great stay at the Dana Hotel and Spa	Last week, I stayed at the Dana Hotel for 5 nights and was absolutely delighted by the hotel, staff and surroundings.Let’s start with the location which is 2-3 blocks from Michigan Ave and the heart of major shopping. On the other side of the spectrum, the hotel also has a Trader Joe’s, Whole Foods and Walgreens within one block of the hotel which is great for snacks, meals on the go and anything else you may have left behind. My room was extremely spacious and had a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was huge with great amenities (larger than usual shampoo, conditioner etc.). Big fluffy towels too. It took me a couple of days to realize that my room was handicapped accessible – which explained why there was no dividing ledge between the bathroom and shower, and a pull down bar next to the toilet. It also explained why the closet armoire was very low to the ground. However the room still appeared cozy and chic which is different from many handicap accessible rooms where I’ve stayed in the past. The hotel offered nightly turndown service with chocolate covered fortune cookies. The service included pulling down the shades and room darkeners which is key because there is a apartment building directly across with a direct view into your room. Be careful getting dressed because I could see everything that the apartment dwellers were doing, so I’m guessing that they could see me as well. My only complaint with the hotel is that the walls were extremely thin. I had a toddler and baby in the room next to me for my entire stay and believe me when I say that I heard every cry. Overall, it was a great stay and I would definitely return for a return visit. Free wireless internet and continental breakfast rocked! The staff went out of its way to please. Special kudos to TJ, at the bell desk, who always had a great attitude, even when it was freezing outside.	
Apr 10 2009 	Perfect Boutique Hotel. When Can We Go Back?!	My husband and I had an amazing weekend stay in Chicago (my first time visiting) thanks in generous part to the Dana Hotel. After booking online, I called a couple of days before our arrival date to confirm the reservation. For some reason they had us booked into a wheelchair-accessible room (I neither needed one or requested one), but that was easily changed with my phone call. We stayed in a Serene King on the upper floor I had requested. Great view--the room had a wall of nothing but floor-to-ceiling windows--and super clean. The chocolate minibar items available were unique and delicious, though expectedly pricey ($4 bag of double chocolate coated malted milk balls, for example). And if you are really into hotel bathrooms like I am, believe me, the Dana Hotel's shower MUST be experienced. The entire staff--from the valet guys to the front desk personnel to the housekeeping ladies to the servers in the exceptional Ajasteak restaurant downstairs--was polite and accommodating, but a special shout-out must go to the concierge staff--Tim and Aleksandra. Both of them took the time to ask us questions and discover our tastes before making recommendations on what to do and where to eat. Thanks to them I felt like we were experiencing a local's Chicago rather than a tourist's Chicago. Very much appreciated. I can't wait to go back to Chicago and stay at the Dana again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Early problems resolved	This was my second visit to the Dana having booked a room in the first few months of its opening. Any new hotel needs a few months to iron out early problems and they seem to have worked hard to achieve this. My room was immaculate, clean and well designed. Service was much better as was the food. The sky bar is very much the 'in' place. This was the first time I have stayed in the same Chicago Hotel and I am glad I did. Would be more than happy to stay there again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Super Cool Boutique	My wife and I stayed here for one night and also used the spa services.I got a deep tissue massage which was awesome, my wife got a facial. The place was very clean and the staff was pleasant and accommodating.The hotel itself is very hip, it has a real club feel. The first floor bar and second floor lobby have a good layout, great decoration and in the evening they are comfortably crowded with a nice atmosphere.The rooms are unique but very comfortable. Great view out the floor to ceiling window and you can tell that everything is new. Quick note on the shower – it shares a wall/glass window with the room. The glass is covered with a curtain, but if you want to you can open the curtain from the room to have a full view of the shower in use….pretty fun.Overall, this place is awesome and a great place for Chicago.	
Apr 3 2009 	A Diamond in a sea of coal....	Stayed at Dana on the recommendation of a Chicago native and totally enjoyed the location, the staff and the hotel. I travel to Chicago several times a year and been trying to find a place this is not a huge faceless chain but not so small to miss good amenities in the area I need to be. In short, the Dana is the place. The staff is very attentive and pleasant and the modern décor is nice to look at without sacrificing the needs of the business traveler. I had great views from the 18th floor with the balcony. A previous reviewer mentioned the small size of the balcony but I thought it was great place to just step outside, get some fresh air, enjoy the view and listen to the sounds of the church bells/song a few blocks away. The wine chiller/mini bar is great! The selection was good and the rates were reasonable for a full bottle of wine in your room. It was nice to be able to open and drink half and save the other half for the next night. As for the shower with the full glass into the bed area, it was a bit unnerving at first but I got over it when I realized there was both a hand-held shower head AND a rain shower above. The effective use of space and dual use of the bathroom/closet door was a great design element. Not to mention the great B&amp;W stereo with the iPod/Phone dock. I did not realize until the second day you can get the television to play through the cool stereo for better sound. I was out of the hotel too early most days to enjoy the breakfast but my travel mate said it was very good and a bit above the usual “continental” breakfast fare. The only issue I had was rude and inconsiderate neighbors across the hall. The doors are solid but with a big gap at the bottom of the door that allowed the screaming/laughing/crying of the women across the hall to filter into the room. Understand, they felt the need to shout at each other when one was standing in their doorway on several occasions. I ended up stuffing the big fluffy bath mat into the gap and all was well. Not sure what their deal was but thankfully they left after a day or so and the rest of my stay was quiet. In the area there are plenty of big chain boring assembly line hotels to stay at greater cost than the Dana. If you want to be one of a thousand, by all means stay there. If you want a personal experience that is about more than just your big chain hotel points, then check out the Dana!All in all, the Dana was a great place to stay with décor, staff and amenities I would expect at much pricier places without half the style of this great find. I will definitely be making the Dana my new place to stay in Chicago!HINT: The doors to rooms ending in &quot;-08&quot; and &quot;-10&quot; are directly across from the elevators. If absolute quiet is essential to you, might want to request not being right across from elevators.	
Apr 2 2009 	A great Chicago Choice-Different and Fun	Just finished 5 days at the Dana Hotel and Spa. It is has the current pseudo-Asian feel that is still popular. Rooms are excellent; lights of view and light with a unique design. The beds were a big rave among everyone; you did not want to get up. The room decor has some fun quirks that make it interesting. Work space and internet were outstanding. Great for business or a romantic city visit.Service was outstanding in many ways. Housekeeping was strong. Maintenace was prompt and friendly and corrected a problem in minutes (Scott?). Extra service from the management was appreciated (James). Concierge was fun and informative and passionate about Chicago (Alexandra). Would work on the brunch and food/beverage service; they looked fantastic but service ws cold and slowish. Not a big problem; there are lots of great restaurants walking distance. It was wierd to stand with my luggage and have the front desk chilling in chairs, but hey.....different is good, too. Wierd reception concept; time will tell.Overall, it was a truly great comfortable experience. I appreciate the risk they are taking in changing set concepts. If you look at the other reviews, it is paying off. Thank you for a good time.	
Mar 26 2009 	It's My New Favorite Spot - You will Love the Dana	My friend and I frequent Chicago often and we have stayed all over downtown for work and play. I love the Dana Hotel! The view was amazing from my room (2102). We had floor to ceiling windows from the doorway to the bed. We witnessed the most amazing sunrise from bed. (We pulled the blinds the first night.) We went to the Vertigo Sky Lounge for drinks Saturday night. It was a awesome for dancing and cuddling by the fire pit. The staff wanted to make us happy, feel welcome, and exceed our expectations of a quality stay. I must say that I will be making reservations at the Dana from now on.	
Mar 20 2009 	Better than the Chicago megahotels!	Slightly pretentious, not all reception staff were friendly and outgoing; as I checked out the guy on reception was fingering his finger ring all nonchalant like and uninterested.Our room was very clean, however the heating/ cooling was noisy and sensitive. Set to 21c it was constantly turning on and off nosily through the night. Just a niggle, enough to annoy but not enough to push anyone into one of the older hotels in town!Breakfast a great touch, again some staff were friendly, others looked down their nose at their customers. &quot;Free internet&quot; throughout the hotel shouldn't be exceptional but in Chicago it is and the Dana is to be complimented on this too.Never used the Spa, couldn't be bothered - it's prohibitively expensive compared to other hotel spa facilities and some really good day spas in town.If I had to go back to Chicago I'd stay there but only because I already know how mundane the alternative is...	
Mar 12 2009 	Good location very modern design but I had a dark room with a small balcony	Stayed for two nights for business. I usually stay at a starwood hotel but all the hotels like the westin and the sheraton were booked. As well, this hotel was recommended by a friend in Chicago. The rate was incredible. It was half the cost of a comparable hotel.The good:Location was good as it was near many major restaurant. Off Michigan Ave, but close enough for a short walk.Rooms were comfortable and modern. Bed and bedding was comfortable. I recall free internet, and large LCD TV with sound system. Large modern washroom, but the wall between the shower and room is clear glass. Did not bother me.Service was friendly, and the general crowd was young and hip.The Bad:The room I was given had a small glass patio door. That was the only window so the room felt dark. The rooom was pretty small, but it was the darkness that was a bit of a problem. The floors are concrete, so you have to have slippers, which they provide.If I was given a better room, I would recommend. But that dark room turned me off. I would recommend if you got a different room.Had dinner one night at hotel. Restaurant was quite good. They also had a free continental breakfast which was decent.The rate was incredible. I think I paid less than $100 per night. Which is a steal for Chicago when I was there. I think it was a promotional rate.Anyhow, I have mixed feelings about the hotel. But would probably recommend if you like a trendy, modern hotel.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fabulous place especially for the cost!	I've stayed here twice now, and it has become my favorite Chicago hotel over The W and even The Peninsula. Now, if you're looking for true 5-star accomodations like The Peninsula or The Ritz, then don't stay here; it's not that kind of place. It's totally unpretentious, hip, minimalist, modern and definitely a 4-star establishment. The Staff are equally unpretentious and friendly. For Chicago, the room rates, spa prices, and the room's &quot;mini-bar/wines/snacks&quot; prices cannot be beat! If you want the best experience, get a corner room; do not get a Cozy King or any standard room with the balcony.	
Mar 2 2009 	Sheek romantic boutique hotel with breathtaking loft rooms	The best part of this hotel is the room. You walk in and you are immediately met with floor to ceiling window's for all exterior walls - looking out over the city. The room itself is all dark hardwood floors, the shower is fantastic, and the flatscreens are nice too. The rest of the hotel is nice and not too pretentious... there is a steakhouse/sushi-bar in the main level and a club at the top floor with a rooftop deck. My wife loved the spa too.	
Feb 28 2009 	Different Hotel	My friend and I stayed at this hotel prior to seeing an Oprah taping. We arrived at the lobby and was ushered up to the check out desk. Uneventful checking in.We get to our room and were a little taken back. This is a very unique hotel. Ceiling to wall windows overlooking State Street was cool.However if i have one minor complaint it would be the bathroom. The set up is rather odd- the shower overlooks the room. Yes, overlooks the room. It's like they didn't want to build a solid wall, but a glass. For what purpose? So people across the street in glass buildings can watch you take a shower if you have your ceiling to floor windows opened? It was rather odd. The ceiling appeard unfinished- just a block of concrete. I was told this was on purpose for the design.The floors are hardwood, except where the bed is located. If you use their slippers caution- mighty slippery on the hardwood floors.The breakfast in the morning was good- fresh fruit, yogurt, coffee, pastries. Excellent breakfast.The door man the next morning hailed a taxi for us. When we him where we were going he was very excited for us.Valet parking was nice. Due to our show taping later in the day, we checked out early, and they kept our luggage without question. Would I return- possibly. Just need to think outside the box of this hotel.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location But Minor Flaws....	My wife and I stayed here for 4 days and enjoyed the hotel very much. We had a corner suite which was absolutely awesome. The room had 2 balconies which were small but it was 17 degrees so that didn't bother us much. The bathroom was amazing with a large walk in shower with two rain style shower heads. The bed was also extremely comfortable. The rooms were spotless and room service was spot on. The hotel is in a prime location. It's near everything. All the shopping is in walking distance as well as some great restaurants. The Chicago Art Institute (fantastic) is an $8 cab ride away as well. The Field Museum is also in the same area but we didn't care for it. The one issue with the hotel is the services provided. I don't blame the Dana necessarily as it this problem is fairly common with boutique style hotels. The gym is small however the hotel was fairly empty at the time so this wasn't an issue. Room service is severely limited. Two nights we came back to the hotel late after a few pints and its slim pickins on the menu. After 11 the only options are chips and dip and edaname. We called to see if they could make a burger or something but they couldn't. Not a total loss but a little inconvenient. My wife got a message and I told her to book before we left because of some reviews I read of people not being able to get an appointment. Well she called 3 days prior to the weekend and was only able to get something at 7pm on a Sunday and therapies were limited because the guy who was performing the message wasn't able to do what she wanted. Again...nature of the beast with a boutique hotel.Overall...it's a great hotel and would definitely recommend. These types of hotels are not for everyone though. It's a bit trendy and young.	
Feb 19 2009 	Amazing view service and lounge!!!! Read below for realistic hotel review	The arrival was a bit tricky, its VALET service, and you just need to park in front of the Hotel. BUT both the Bell Man and Concierge came out to greet us. They took our bags and immediately asked both of our names and how long we would be with them. It was very personal and comforting. The Concierge proceeded to take us to the check out on the second floor, which we were again greeted with a warm smile and friendly attitude.As we were leaving the Concierge asked where we were having dinner, and called to be sure we got &quot;primium seating&quot; as we were standing there. He then asked about lunch and again, called and made sure we received first service and premium seating. The room was AMAZING!!!! We had a corner room so that the 2 walls exposed to the City were ALL Glass WINDOWS ! Amazing view of State Street and the wonderful Church, I could even hears the bells ring that evening. As the night fell the views became more breathtaking. The bathroom was fun, and creative. Floors of the room were wood and remarkably warm for a Chicago February. The Lounge on the top floor is something you will never forget, and would have a hard time walking away from after a couple cocktails. The outside patio with exposed air to the City and again, Glass walls was something I have never experienced in Chicago.Breakfast the next morning was either Continental or we could order off a menu. I had an omlet that was to die for! I have stayed all over Chicago; The Drake, The W, The Congress (old Chicago Charm), BUT not ONE of those places could stand next to the Dana Hotel and Spa. I will stay here every single time I go to Chicago. It was amazing!!!	
Feb 18 2009 	Pay close attention to your bill!	My sister and I were celebrating our 10th wedding anniversaries. We found the dana hotel. I thought it was a bit pricey, but my sister thought that to stay in a great downtown location we might have to pay to play. So she booked two rooms online, one for her and her hubby and one for my hubby and I. Our stay was on a Friday through Sunday. We also, booked a couples massage. After making the reservation, my sister called the next day to make sure the hotel got the resevation and to see about the spa accomadations. Well, to our surprise, the spa did not have any openings for our stay. Although the computer excepted our reservations for spa services. We asked the staff to try to fix that situation. We told the concierge that we were all celebrating our anniversary and we would like to know if the hotel did anything special for special occasions. The hotel assured us that they would do something special. Well, to make a long story short. The hotel did nothing special. We had to remind the front desk on Saturday evening that whatever the hotel was planning, that our check out was the next day. My sister told the front desk clerk that she did not drink champange and if the hotel was going to give that out, do not send that. An hour later, my sister called me in my room and told me that room service just sent them champagne and strawberries and wanted to know if we got any. Well, we did not. I called the concierge desk, and no one answered. I left a message. In the morning there was a letter along with our bill. In short the hotel appolgized that they forgot about our anniversary and gave us free breakfast in bed. They also comp one nights stay. Wow, was my reaction. I was pretty happy about that. Well, the story is not over. The next day, while I was at work my husband called me and asked what was going on with our money. He wanted me to check our bank account. I checked it and to my surprise, not only was the monies taken out for our stay but an additional $600.00 dollars was taken out. Because of that, it caused my account to be overdrawn. I of course was in shock. I called the hotel and asked to explain the charges. They could not. They said they do not have charges taken out for the $600. Over and over the Dana claimed that there could not be any such charges. I made a copy of my account and faxed it to the hotel. I had to call my bank on Monday and had them to cancel the charges. My bank did, fortunately. However,the Dana still did not own the costly mistake. When I called to talk to managment, no one was hardly ever available to talk to me about what had happened. Moreover, the bed was wonderful, the view was spectacular but the only breakfast they offered was roomservice or continental. The dinner was overpriced and not that great. The housekeeping was also a bit lousy.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Hotel - Highly recommend to all couples!!!	We thought it was strange that no one we asked knew the name of the Dana Hotel and Spa-must be b/c it's new but we'd like to start spreading the word about how great it is. It was a fabulous hotel-very romantic and the staff was great &amp; very friendly! We enjoyed every second of our 3 night hotel stay last weekend and highly recommend it to all 30 something couples. It is very modern and trendy. The price, location and views were incredible. We'd recommend staying in the floor to ceiling rooms and ditching the balcony room b/c the panoramic view is breathtaking. The king bed and sheets were extremely comfy along with the nice large open shower. I highly recommend this hotel and will be staying again in the future.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great times and Great rates!	If you are looking for a trendy hotel that's clean and has a great location this is your place. The staff was great, the gym was workable and the lobby was fun.Great deal!	
Feb 16 2009 	Not Worth The Hype	We came here for my birthday, and the room was tiny, with no window (just a tiny balcony off to the side) and no amenities or extras to brag about. I know they're going for minimalist design, but the room was depressing and the basics were missing. For example, we called down for aspirin when we had a headache and they &quot;didn't have any&quot;. To me that's just unacceptable- I would expect that a Motel 6 would have some aspirin for us! Some of the staff were nice, but some were a little surly. This place is not worth the price.	
Feb 15 2009	Great location. Oh so many problems.	First my wife and I booked this room through Expedia for Valentines Day and it will be the last time we use Expedia for future vacation plans. We requested a king bed but apparently our reservation could not be guaranteed and upon arrival found that the only availability were two doubles.The hotel arrangement overall is poorly executed and the elevator situation is awful. The hotel could use another 4-5 elevators. We waited on average of 3 minutes for an elevator and at one point had a 10 minute wait before deciding to take the stairs. And to use the elevator (even going down to the lobby from your room) you had to swipe your key card before pressing the button. I'm all about hotel security, but this is just overkill.At night when the hotel restaurant is in full force there is an unpleasant fish odor throughout the hotel lobby and ground level areas.As for the rooms, they are small even for Chicago standards. The bathrooms offer little in the way of privacy. I will admit having glass walls in the showers provides opportunities for &quot;fun&quot; times, but the sliding door (that never stays closed) and exterior shower curtain don't provide the proper privacy for actually USING the bathroom.To whomever designed the rooms, exposed concrete ceilings and pillars are not attractive especially when there are water/rust stains. Overall I don't recommend this hotel unless you are on a business trip alone and don't plan on staying in your room for very much time. The location is great, the hotel staff is extremely friendly, but the room quality is sub-par.	
Feb 9 2009 	Good Potential Poor Execution	We choose to stay at the Dana Hotel because of its fantastic location and my wife wanted to try their spa.First, the Spa was average to slightly above average, however pricing was higher than average. Very friendly staff, however they did not have the appropriate equipment (for example, massage for my wife was pre natal, however they did not have a pre natal table, no massage chair for pedi, etc.) If you are expecting a Canyon Ranch experience, keep looking. Second, the hotel room was OK. Nice furniture (comfortable couch and desk), and good amenities (nice bedding, reasonable wine and snacks). Housekeeping left a lot to be desired (dried toothpaste on vanity top, green mystery substance on mirror, and hair on floor and walls in bathroom). Also, you can hear every step (or other... &quot;movements&quot;) your upstairs neighbor takes. A major point of annoyance was the fact that housekeeping came at 9:05 am on the day we were checking out. We were not even awake yet! After almost falling back to sleep, there was another knock at the door, this time to restock the mini bar. Check out time is at noon! We just wanted to sleep in a bit, but it seems that the hotel staff had no intention of granting us this guilty pleasure.With so many other outstanding hotels in Chicago at this price point, we probably would not make Dana our choice again.	
Feb 7 2009 	New Chicago Find!	Great new Boutique Hotel. Even with a couple startup bumps- everything was address in the approrpriate manner and overall experience far exceeded expectations!This was the perfect trip to end all business trips after a full month of traveling; am already planning a pleasure trip back. Location is excellent- great restaurants in walking distance and the concierge is outstanding and exceptionally knowledgable. Room amentities to bring the grumpiest of travelers a very big smile; room was consistently cleaned each and every day! Greeted with and welcomed back with the warmest of welcomes even on the coldest of days!! An absolute pleasure!	
Jan 29 2009 	Good Potential but not there yet...	The hotel had very nice ammenities with modern styling but was suffering startup pains. I checked in on Sunday night to find the room temperature at 46F, the thermostat was set at 72F so I called down for assistance. An engineer came up quite fast and told me that the hotel has only been open 6 months and that they have been having so many problems with the heat pumps that they don't want to fix them anymore and want the manufacturer to replace them. While he worked on the furnace I turned on the TV - the picture was un-watchable there was so much static - the engineer called the IT guy who came up quite quickly and fixed it at about the same time the engineer got the heater working. Great, minor mishap, understandable for a new hotel.I woke up at 4:30am, the room was 55F. I put on a hat and kept sleeping then got up, got ready for my conference (a conference on heating and ventilation - the irony) and called down to the front desk to request a new room as this furnace was not going to get fixed; they sent up an engineer. The engineer told me it was a building problem but I insisted that I want a new room so I packed my bags, waited for the bellhop and then moved to a higher floor room directly above the one I was in; this room was 55F too! I left for my conference and told the front desk that the second room was cold too and the heat was not working. The response was that there was a problem with the building heating and that they were working on it - ok.I came back at 6:30pm and the room was still 55F. I called down and they sent an engineer (the same guy from before). This guy was helpfull, appologized and said &quot;lets get you a different room, on the other side of the building&quot;. I packed my bags again and moved to the new room. This final room was great, the heat worked fine. I checked out the next day expecting an apology and possibly even a rebate for spending a night in a room with no heat during a bitter Chicago winter and then having to pack my bags two times to move rooms (I like my shirts crisp and re-ironed them each time I folded them up into my bag). I didn't even get asked how my stay was.Will I stay here again? Maybe in summer if the rate is low or if they can give me a money back guarantee that the HVAC will operate otherwise no.	
Jan 5 2009 	One of Chicago's best!	I recently stayed at the Dana on a business trip for a week. I was impressed with the entire experience. The general manager sent me a courtesy email after my stay . Here's exactly what I wrote back to her, which probably makes a good review:****************************Lisa-I don't often return feedback. But, your staff and the hotel was exceptional last week, far exceeding my expectations for a great experience and value.Especially good were your concierge staff. I really wish I could remember their names, but the gentleman on the AM shift and young woman on the evening shift could not have been better hosts. I've already emphatically recommended your hotel to many colleagues, and I'm looking forward to your hospitality in the future.*****************The manager sent a wonderful reply (and reminded me that the concierge staff names were Tim and Cameron!). This correspondence is indicative of the personalized service I received and I would recommend this hotel emphatically.	
Jan 1 2009 	Fabulous in every way!	We celebrated New Year's Eve at the Dana this year and it was fabulous! The suites are well appointed and the floor to ceiling windows have a fabulous view of the city. Each and every detail of the rooms is fantastic, including the shower and bath fixtures, hardwood flooring in the room, and the iPod stereo in each room.Vertigo's party in the evening had a great crowd and the shots of vodka that flowed from the &quot;V&quot; shaped ice sculptures on the heated patio overlooking the city were wonderful.Each and every staff member we came into contact with was friendly and helpful and everyone said hello to us and made us feel welcome. The location of the hotel is within walking distance of many amenities, including shopping, bars and much more.The Dana is highly recommended!	
Dec 31 2008 	Hotel exceeded expectations spa not so much!	From the beginning of our stay, the hotel staff was very accomodating. We arrived in the pouring, cold rain and they were quick to help us unload and valet. Most staff would greet us by name when we were leaving/returning to the hotel. We were treated as though we were the only guests at the hotel. The room was very modern and hip and we had a tremendous view from our room (a panoramic view of state street). The bathroom was spa-like and the shower was wonderful (a bit of water did flow out onto the floor, but we just laid out towels). My complaint about the room: I did not find the bed/pillows to be as comfortable as other reviews had claimed. Also, we found it to be a challenge to find a comfortable temperature for the room- because of the floor to ceiling windows, there was a bit of a chill in the room, but when the heat was turned on, it instantly became HOT and very dry. (note- we did not address this with the staff, but we did notice this to be a theme among other reviews). The continental breakfast was average, very typical, which was fine with us. My biggest complaint was with the spa- which I found to be small and not as 'posh' as I had expected. Luckily, my husband and I received massages at another spa (which was terrific- exhale spa on state st). I did have a pedicure at the dana spa-- a $70 pedicure!! The woman doing my pedicure asked if I'd like additional services without telling me that there would be an extra fee, so I did not know that I was being charged an extra $30 until I went to pay. And, the pedicure was mediocre to say the least. I sat on a bench instead of a spa chair, did not receive a leg or foot massage, they do not have a foot spa, etc.We found the hotel location to be very nice- an easy walk to the mag mile and down to the state st/rush st. area.	
Dec 31 2008 	We can't wait to go back	We had the absolute pleasure of staying at the Dana Hotel on our way through Chicago. We had actually chosen this hotel based on the reviews and comments on Trip Advisor. We were impressed with every aspect of the hotel, from the booking, through to the conclusion. I had called in a few times with questions before we arrived and the people were most helpful and pleasant.When we arrived, we found it easy to get to the check in floor. The staff were excellent, very accomodating and obviously proud of the hotel. They were friendly and helpful.The room itself was just gorgeous. We have stayed in many four and five star hotels. This ranked up there as one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at. The bed was amazing. The bathroom made us want to redecorate ours. The shower was just fabulous. I think I took two showers the first night just to have showers! The amenties were very well thought out. It was a bit disconcerting to have the floor to ceiling windows at first. We certainly got used to it. I found the view amazing. We could see the &quot;Chicago&quot;sign out the window. I have to mention the food from Aja Steak. Oh My God. The best steak I have ever had! We had room service the first night and just wanted to chill out. The food was just to die for.The continenal breakfast the next morning was very nice. Lots of fresh fruit, bagels or muffins. It was more than just a &quot;throw in&quot; breakfast.I have to mention Tim the main conceierge. He was just so wonderful. So helpful with suggestions. Part of the way through the day after buying out most of Hawkshop (and seeing Bill Murray there) we had too many bags to carry around with us. I called Tim and asked about delivery service. He came over in a cab and collected our bags and took them back to the hotel. As well, unfortunately my 10 year old son lost his camera in the back of a cab. Tim and the front desk staff helped us in trying to locate it. Tim was just fantastic. He was able to get our camera back to us in Canada. The best conceierge we have ever seen.We were just so sad to leave. We cant wait to go back. There is no other place we would consider staying in Chicago.	
Dec 25 2008 	extremely noisie room heater	The design of this hotel is very modern with huge windows replacing all the walls. Unfortunately, those huge glass windows are not good for installation . The room equipped with individual heater that is extremely noise which kept me awake through the entire night. It may be good to stay in this hotel when weather is nice but not for the winter time!	
Dec 14 2008 	Great little hotel	I have been to Chicago a few times and new the area i wanted to stay it. I cam across the Dana Hotel on tripadvisor - checked it on a number of other sites and got a GREAT price on in - so i decided to try it.What a fantastic find.the location is fantastic, the staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was great. I had a balcony room - because i am a smoker. It wasnt a large but more than sufficient. The stand out is the shower.the bar on the top floor is great fro late 20's/early 30's.breakfast is continental - which is a bit thin, and i did have some food from the restaurant, which was very goodoverall - a really great place - definitely somewhere i will return to	
Dec 9 2008 	Not quite 100% yet	A new hotel, billing itself as &quot;cool, small boutique&quot; which about sums it up. Maybe too cool in terms of the visitors who come for the restaurant and bar, but the staff were incredibly friendly. I was in a corner room - with floor to celing windows on two sides the room tended to be cold (the concrete, noncarpted floor excruciatingly so) and it took some time to close all of the blinds in order to change (to be fair, the staff will do this as part of turn down service at night). Very comfortable bed, reasonable workout facility (1 eliptical, 1 bike, 1 treadmill and one lateral motion trainer) as well as some free weights and a new-ish Italian machine designed for core strength building. Small, but perfectly adequate and not well used when I was there. Plus, having a tv on each piece of cardio is always a nice plus. When i was there, they had not yet sorted out cable service to the rooms - so there were no movies on demand and only a handful of channels. I'm sure by now that's sorted. Nice enough amenities and a full suite of them. Steam room available in the fitness/spa floor locker rooms. Nice complimentary breakfast - more than the usual US contintental scheme. Overall tends to be quite a good value and in a very practical part of town for business as well as vacationing.	
Dec 7 2008 	Modern Luxury at the Dana	My boyfriend and I stayed here on a Friday night. We requested an upper level room and were promptly placed in a corner room on the 20th floor. Our room had two walls of windows and a spectacular view. The view alone justifies the price. In addition to the view, however, the Dana room contained the single most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in--imported linens, king-sized bed, fluffy down comforter, a mountain of pillows. It is strange entering the hotel through the bottom floor restaurant, but a friendly host quickly directed us upstairs to the lobby. We also checked out Vertigo, the lounge on the top floor, but it was packed at 11:30 on a Friday night, so we opted for the quiet of our room instead. The shower is big enough for several adults and the water pressure is great. The set-up is a little strange--with just one night there, we weren't able to master showering without soaking the rest of the bathroom, as the shower does not have a door that closes, but it's still quite nice. There is only a curtain over a glass wall blocking the view of the shower/bathroom from the rest of the room, but it wasn't an issue for us. The continental breakfast Saturday morning was impressive, as far as continental breakfasts go. There was a large room service menu available at all times of day, but we did not try it. We took breakfast back to our room and made mimosas. Overall, the staff was friendly and competent, the ambiance was great, the furnishings were modern but comfortable, and all of that, in such a prime location, close to so much activity downtown, simply can't be beat.	
Dec 1 2008 	Nice Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Dana for a Friday and Saturday night in November. We traveled to Chicago for a long weekend get away, and were looking forward to relaxation. We'll start by saying that we enjoyed many aspects of the hotel, though had a few minor issues. We checked in on Friday and requested an upper level room, hoping for nice views. We were placed on the 24th (of 26) floor, in a nicely appointed room. The bed was quite comfortable, had a plush down comforter and down pillows. The i-pod speaker system was very convenient, and definitely was a nice addition. The shower was big enough for two adults, and the bathroom as a whole was very nice. Friday night, both my husband and I were quite tired after a long work week, and wanted to rest and go to bed early. At approximately 9 pm, we began hearing rather loud, thumping bass music. We waited several hours, attempting to determine where the sound was coming from?! At 11 pm, the bass continued to be quite loud and slightly disrupting when attempting to fall asleep. My husband called down to the front desk reporting the noise and was advised they would further investigate. At 11:30, the same music continued, and we called down to the front desk again. Finally, at 12:15, my husband went in search of where the sound was coming from. At that point, he realized there was a night club on the 26th (top) floor, with music that could be heard several floors down. He requested a room transfer, and we moved (at 1 am) to the 12th floor, where it was thankfully quiet. The hotel did give us a complimentary bottle of wine, which was a nice compensation. Saturday night, many night club patrons were also in the hotel elevators, and the music was again noted to be loud on the upper floors. So, a suggestion may be to avoid the upper level rooms if you are a light sleeper, or want a quiet room atmosphere. Overall, we enjoyed the room, but personally felt like old-fogeys (we are in our early 30's?), in the trendy, chic atmosphere of the hotel.	
Nov 16 2008 	Lovely Boutique hotel	The hotel is quietly tucked on a corner in a great location. Cab drivers had a hard time finding it, you won't find a lit marquee or a porte-cochere but a doorman will happily hold the door for you and make sure your bags get to your room. the restaurant is on the ground floor and depending on how you go up one floor you may be a litte confused. The reception desk is just a desk wih a couple of monitors and phones on it. It is different but it works.  We had a corner room, 2 walls were floor to ceiling windows, there were black out shades and sheer shades available. In the bathroom, the level of privacy is entirely up to the person left in the room....the shower stall has a glass wall that looks into the bedroom and on to the toilet....there is a curtain but it is on the room side. Enough said.The room had a large plasma tv and speaker system for the ipod as well as free internet. the bedding was very comfortable, down pillows overall very nice.The continental breakfast offered bagels, cereal, coffee, juice and fresh fruit. Only drawback were the sirens, there is a firehouse or hospital nearby and they were very active through the night when we were there. I do believe we would go back again.	
Nov 9 2008 	A great experience	I had a wonderful stay at the Dana Hotel. I can't speak to the size of the standard rooms because I received a complimentary upgrade to a suite upon our arrival. However, I think I would have enjoyed the hotel (almost) as much if I hadn't. The location of the hotel was excellent. Additionally, as a wine lover, the selections offered in the mini bar were the best that I have ever experienced. The staff was very nice and friendly and the complementary breakfast was a great extra.	
Nov 6 2008 	Loved the Dana!	We stayed at the Dana for 3 nights Oct. 24th - 27th and found it to be an excellent location as well as a fun and friendly place to stay. We booked the Fall Dining Package for 1 night and it was a great deal. Dinner in AjaSteak was very good and we enjoyed the atmosphere. It also included &quot;breakfast in bed&quot; which was very enjoyable. We also had the opportunity to see 3 different rooms and must admit - they were all great. The corner room with 2 &quot;walls&quot; of ceiling to floor windows was amazing although we did not stay in it. We had a suite with one of the best showers (for 2) that we have seen in a hotel in this price range. The room was very comfortable and we loved it. The other nice advantage is that the wines (full bottles) and snacks in the room are very reasonably priced which is a nice switch from other hotels. We also loved the contemporary look of the hotel while still having a warm and inviting feel. We had drinks upstairs at Vertigo the rooftop bar. Our experience on a Sat. night was that they had a seperate entrance outside for non-guests and people were lined up to get in but they did not come inside the hotel to get there. When we returned to the hotel in the evening there was someone standing by the elevators checking to make sure we were hotel guests before we could go in so we did not have any issues going back to our room.All the employees were very pleasant and we have already recommended this hotel to others.	
Nov 3 2008 	What a pleasant surprise...	I was looking for a place to do interviews in downtown Chicago and stumbled upon the Dana on the internet. I booked it because of the price, location, and thought that it might be more interesting than the major chains where I usually stay. I was right. My avg. per night price was approx. $210.It's a boutique hotel, very hip, with a friendly staff who was there to help but was not intrusive or overly cheery. My room was on the 22nd floor on the corner, with a great view down State St. and the Chicago theater. The living room part had two walls of floor to ceiling windows, a flat screen tv in the corner, and a fully stocked wine/beverage fridge. As a lover of wine I really appreciated this! They also had teas, coffees and some terrific little snacks, all at reasonable prices.The bedroom was separated from the living space by sliding Japanese type doors. The bed was really comfortable, and the bathroom was wonderful. One wall of the shower is glass so if you are there with your honey you could have some fun :-). The rain shower head was amazing after a long flight to the city, and the toiletries were top notch.If you can, try the restaurant. I had the lettuce wedge salad and sea bass entree. Both were great. And the bistro across the street is handy and has terrific ambiance and food.All in all would recommend to anyone except those turned off by ultra-modern decor. I'll definitely stay again when in the area!	
Oct 30 2008	Good concept that does not work	Fist let me say what is great about the Dana Hotel-its location. It is a block from Starbucks, Trader Joes, Dues Pizza, movie theaters, and just about everything else. The neighborhood is called Northbridge and it is jumping! One great place a block away is a Champaign Bar which is the epitome of chic!! I wanted to go there because I like Champaign but it was always packed. One night I spotted an empty seat at the bar and landed it. They have a large selection of Champaign by the glass ranging in price from $18-$22. I had two glasses and it was great. I highly recommend this place. There is also an upscale frozen yogurt place directly across the street from the hotel selling avant-garde frozen yogurt where a large one will cost you $10. This place is open until 2am on weekends. And immediately across the street from the Dana is an upscale restaurant which serves dinner until 4am. I tested this out and it is true- I went in at 3 am and got a great fillet minion dinner and the place was packed. People were still coming in at 3:30 am!Now the downside of the hotel. It is a new hotel and they advertise that the rooms have one wall which is literally floor to ceiling glass and great views of the city. Well my room (which was rather small) had the wall of glass directly across a narrow street from a building of condominiums. So the view I had from my glass wall was directly into the living quarters of about 20 people, and vice versa. It was so bad that at night I would walk around my room with the lights off in my “nighties” and when someone across the street turned on their kitchen light it would light up my room and I would have to grab a sheet and cover myself up. For any privacy you practically have to put the shades down when you are in the room and that makes it just another very small dark room. Another problem I found with the Dana is that they have a bar on the roof and the access to it is through the same elevators that go to the rooms. I came home one evening and the hotel had a hawker on the street in front of hotel promoting the bar and drawing crowds from the street the hotel. It became quite crowded on the first floor and I had to wait in line to get to the elevator and then went up it with people pulled off the street. It was not a pleasant experience. When looking for a hotel in Chicago the Dana was the lowest priced 4 star hotel at $172 while competing hotels were in the $300 range. I would say that for the price the Dana is a deal and worth choosing. At a higher price I would think twice about staying there.	
Oct 28 2008 	Perfect Hotel in Chicago!	What a great property. It's my new favorite hotel in Chicago. Very hip and modern without being pretencious. The staff is just plain nice - and not robot nice - really nice. When we arrived the doorman welcomed us, asked the name of the reservation, and when we arrived at the &quot;front desk&quot; about 2 minutes later we were welcomed by name!!!My fomer favorite was the Sofitel just a couple of blocks away - . This is just as nice, staff even nicer and much less expensive. There is a very cool &quot;lobby&quot; bar with a huge fireplace - great for a chilly Chicago night. Great location on N. State Street in the Gold Coast neighborhood. As a Chicgao native - this hotel represents the real Chicago - young, hip. nice, and affordable!	
Oct 28 2008 	I will return to the DANA HOTEL and SPA!	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Dana Hotel. It was recommended to me by a colleague's friend who lives in Chicago and it was my first time to Chicago. From the moment we arrived, to the moment we left we were treated as if we were the only guests staying there. It's obvious they pride themselves in customer service and anything we needed (like toothpaste!!) was taken care of quickly. The door men, bell hops, and even the hotess for the restaurant downstairs would hold conversations with us opon entering and exiting the building. They were very knowledgeable of the area and recommended great places to eat, sight see, and go out at night. The hotel is located very close to Mag Mile... We walked there and back, I think it's only 4 blocks? It's also located in a great area near alot of restaurants and places to go out. We stayed in a &quot;Serene King&quot; and it was amazing. We had a corner room with floor to ceiling windows and the view was great. We never felt like we were staying in a hotel, but rather a really nice upscale condo. Everything in the room was modern including the shower which you can view from the bed or pull the curtain for privacy. My favorite part was the shower head that was literally above my head... very relaxing! The bed was very comfortable with an overstuffed comforter. The room was very romantic without trying too hard.  Both nights we stayed at the Dana we went to their &quot;Vertigo Lounge&quot; either before we went out or to close out the evening. The music was very chill and relaxing, but put you in the dancing mood and the seating was pretty comfortable. More like you were sitting in a nice living room with a great view, and very dim lights. We didn't go out onto the &quot;outside patio&quot; because it was just a little too cold outside. We walked down and checked out the Spa... it looks really nice. We didn't have anything done, but we promised that when we return we definitely will! They also had a nice workout area with equipment I've never seen lol! We also didn't get a chance to eat at their restaurant, but both nights they seemed pretty busy. All and all, my boyfriend and I LOVED the Dana Hotel and enjoyed our stay. We recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. We plan on returning early 2009. I hope this helps your future traveling to Chicago! :)	
Oct 21 2008 	Best hotel in town	Excellent hidden hotel especially for couples, best comfortable bedding with lots ofpillows, very modern room, the best shower in the whole world.Very clean room and bathroom	
Oct 15 2008 	Quirky Hotel	The Dana was very quirky. Mostly in a good way, but in some bad. Some background: my friend and I are college-aged and stayed there for some interviews. We never really felt like the staff recognized us as guests--nobody was ever opening the front door for us and one night they almost didn't let us upstairs (a weekend night) because we both didn't have room keys.Upon arrival, you have to take an elevator to the lobby from the ground floor. It got to be a bit annoying walking up/down the stairs every time, but that's just me and nothing worth complaining about, but something of note. The check-in was pretty seamless, and we got our room (a cozy king), which was the perfect size for us. The room was very nice--nice bed, nice tv, beautiful bathroom, balcony. It was smaller than most 4-star rooms, but didn't have an exorbitant price to match, and had a perfect location nearby the magnificent mile and trains (though nearby food left something to be desired). Be careful though--the wood floors can be slippery! Turn down service was chocolate covered fortune cookies--very nice!All in all, I would stay at this hotel again. It seems bizarre that this is a pretty hip hotel that didn't really cater to that crowd, but more to the businessman/retired couple category.	
Oct 9 2008 	First-time Boutique Hotel stay	We were in Chicago for a friend's 60th birthday and had selected the Dana for its location (it also was part of the air/hotel package through Expedia). Have to say that we had never stayed at a &quot;Boutique Hotel&quot; before and found the whole experience wonderful! The staff was excellent and very attentive in a sincere way. When we got to our room, the Heating/Cooling register did not work properly. A quick phone call downstairs and the register was adjusted from a remote location. The hotel is located on the Red line of the CTA. It is two blocks from the Mag Mile. We loved the location. We did not eat at the restaurant (AjaSteak) but had a very nice continental breakfast one of our mornings there (included fresh fruit, cereals, coffee, fruit juices, oatmeal, yogurt, bagels and pastry) all for free.The staff remembered our names and would great us personally in the lobby when we saw them. Overall an excellent experience.	
Sep 24 2008 	2 Thumbs up from a seasoned (and cynical) traveller!	I stayed at the Dana on business, Sept. 17 through 19. I travel quite a lot for business (1-2 trips per month) - and have become resigned to having low expectations - no bed bugs and no mold seem like 4 star luxury.But I have to say that I was so blown away by the service, the room, the comfort at the Dana. Sure, it is a new hotel, and they are still working on the kinks...I had my &quot;new&quot; bedside tables delivered after my first night. But, that all is trivial. The bed was so comfortable, the room was fantastic. I also have to add, that I got a courtesy upgrade to a nirvana suite - what a pleasant surprise and a beautiful room. But for me, the staff and comfort made my stay. And the continental breakfast in the lounge was a pleasant (and tasty) surprise. Very european - not what you usually find in the US.I'm surprised by the reviews that list the staff as rude or unfriendly. That certainly was not my experience at all....all were very pleasant, kind and attentive to me - from check-in, room service, concierge, housekeeping and doorman. I interacted with them all and they all made me feel welcome and at home.The Dana is now the only place I'll stay in Chicago. And that's a first for me. Usually, I'll take the cheapest good enough thing I can find on priceline. But the Dana - it will be worth the extra costs, as I'm sure when this gem gets discovered, it will get pricier!So - If you are a traveller that knows how to travel (be polite, have reasonable expectations) - then you will adore this place. Remember -it just opened, so expect some kinks.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great hotel Great Locationl	My overall experience was great! The staff was more than helpful. We stayed in a Serene King room. The rooms were average size for a king hotel room. The beds were excellent. The bathroom was on the small size but the shower was larger than a hotel shower and very unique. The bathroom was open to the bedroom but there was a nice curtain to cover the window. The view was of an office building but there were large floor to celing windows that I really liked. We only had a drink in the bar-on the first floor (kinda weird you walk into the restarurant) it was OK. The Dana is in walking distance from many great bars and resturants. I booked online and got a &quot;weekend package&quot; which included parking which is usually $40+ a night and a $50 dollar fuel card, which paid for all of my gas to get to chicago and back. The room only came out to being $303. If I could get a deal like this again I will be back! It was a great experience	
Sep 19 2008 	completely ridiculous!	Stayed in a serenity suite this time around at a lower price due to a poor experience previously at the Dana. I wanted to give them one last shot before I wrote them off completely. Can I just say, putting someone in a handicap accessible suite when the guests are so obviously not handicapped is ridiculous. Secondly, the pictures are 800% doctored on their website to look more glorious than the rooms actually look. The website shows stone seating in the shower area. Our bathroom did not include this luxury. The website also shows a privacy curtain up on the window dividing bedroom and living area. The room did not have this curtain. What our room DID have was a lot of broken lighting fixtures, PAINTERS TAPE EVERYWHERE, yes we're talking bright blue tape on various walls throughout the room. Also included at no cost was the abandoned LUNCH COOLER on our balcony outside. This room would normally cost upward of $500 a night. Do you not AT LEAST do a run thru before putting guests in the room? Professional this place is not. When we called down to the front desk to discuss the issues, we were greeted with blatant rudeness. &quot;Well, I see you had a problem with your stay last time, what is it THIS time?.. If you would like we can downgrade you into a normal room.&quot;My friend and I have never been talked to SO condescendingly. Surely we will not be coming back. Ever. I'm sure the Trump would provide a higher level of service without the obvious snobbery and carelessness. On a positive note, there is a complimentary breakfast downstairs on the main floor and it was a pretty nice spread. Delicious granola, fruit, bagels, etc. But I didn't pay hundreds of dollars for bagels, did I?	
Sep 15 2008 	Blah Blah DANA	Far from the best. Ok here's our feel the room layout was poor leaving the rooms with a corporate feel. The unpainted ceilings didn't fit. The showers are nice unless you've already got a nice one at home. The there is the poor lighting in the entire room. Sheets and bedding far from a W type quality end all we won't be back and urge you to head down the street elswhere.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great stay at the Dana	My wife &amp; I recently stayed at the Dana Hotel &amp; Spa on 9-12 thru 9-14 and had a fantastic experience. I was in Chicago for a convention and it was also our anniversary. We were able to check in early on Friday so I could go to the convention and my wife could go shopping. We were upgraded to a Serenity suite and it was fantastic. Corner room with a balcony off the living room and off the bedroom. Beautiful wood floors, 2 37&quot; flat panels t.v's and the biggest 2 person shower I have ever seen. Bed was very comfortable with glass wall separating living room from bedroom. Sleek &amp; modern, but very cozy. Wine cooler, snacks, robes, slippers, etc. Had drinks and sushi at AJASteak.Very cool. Tried other restaurants in Chicago for dinner. Complimentary continental breakfast each morning. Service was impeccable!! Very genuine and caring without &quot;having there palm out&quot; all the time. Can't wait to go back and try the spa and Vertigo lounge when it opens. We have traveled all over the country and it definetly makes our top 5. Go to the Dana.	
Sep 2 2008 	Super Chic	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel over Labor Day weekend for 3 nights and had a absolutely wonderful stay. We stayed in one of the serene king rooms with all the windows and lucked out by getting a corner room! We had two full walls of windows with a fabulous view of downtown and Trump Tower. The bed and linens were super comfortable and we definitely were a little sluggish to get out of bed in the morning. There was complimentary breakfast downstairs in the morning, which from my research on Chicago hotels was a rareity. I really can't say enough good things. I wish the rooftop bar had been open, but it was still under construction and won't open for another 2 weeks.We had dinner at Aja one night which was not inexpensive but definitely delicious. Our server was fabulous, like every other staff person at the hotel. We just took our time while we sat on the patio and enjoyed the ambiance. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I am sure we will be staying there again on our next trip!	
Aug 30 2008 	Shhh! It's still a secret	Be sure that small and ultra modern is your taste. If it is, go directly here. We stayed in room 1015 which is a called a &quot;cozy king&quot;. This was a corner room. It had both windows and a tiny balcony, king bed, desk area, two low stools and a table, mini bar, closet and bath. Yes, the drapes to the waterfall shower are controlled on the room side...didn't bother me. Nice TV, phones and sound system. Very clean and tranquil. No noise at all when we stayed. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. The Dana it is located in a nice and convenient area. I booked directly with the hotel because they had the best deals about 6 days before our stay. I would absolutely stay here again and recommend it to anyone visiting Chicago. We didn't have our kids (8 and 9) with us, but they would have been comfortable here in a larger room.One of the few criticisms I have is that you must walk into the restaurant on the ground floor to get to your room. Though there is an elevator behind the restaurant reception area and stairs directly inside from the street entrace, there should be a separate entrance to the second floor hotel lobby. I really liked this hotel and wish I could have stayed longer than two days.	
Aug 29 2008 	wonderful hotel!!	My husband and I stayed here after reading some positive reivews online and we were not disappointed. The staff without exception was fabulous--friendly and helpful. The room from the bedding to the view to the beverages and snacks offered were unusally good. Wonderful comfy robes were in the room with slippers and the bottles of wine offered in the room (for a reasonable price!) were really good--and we are fairly fussy too. The room was quiet and decorated like the W Hotel and our view was great. It did remind me of the W Hotel, but more of a smaller boutique hotel. The location can't be beat either. we will definitely go back!	
Aug 19 2008 	loved the dana	o.k, where do i start?? This hotel is grand. I am a world traveller-mostly for work. and i have to say, that this hotel surpasses my expectation. i had a great stay. The staff was amaaaziiing.You have to see for yourself.You have to ask to meet Kennedy. The most profesional and charming guy, i have ever met. The dana definitely made the best choice hiring that guy.His just simply 5 star. did i also mention, his style! My family cant stop talking about their experience there. Try the spa.its luxury. I promised my family we could stay there every year. Great Job guys.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great stay at the Dana	My husband and I stayed at the Dana for four nights. We loved our time in Chicago and most of the things about our stay at the Dana.The location is AWESOME. You are 3 blocks from the Mag Mile, 3 blocks from the North River gallery district, 20 minute walk to Milennium Park and the Art Institute, 10 minutes from the Merchandise Mart, 1 minute from Whole Foods, lots of public transit options.The rooms are modern and nicely furnished, though on the small side. The beds are fantastic - large and comfortable with great linens. The shower is also amazing with great showerheads (i want to get one for my house!) but it is also VERY close to the bed, with a glass wall and a curtain controlled by the person outside of the bathroom. I found this strange, particulary since you can see the whole bathroom through that wall. (I dont know about you, but I like to do my business in private)The staff is very friendly, and if we needed anything they were very accomodating. However, I like to go in and out kinda quietly and I found their inquires a tad much - I think we got asked how our stay was going at least 7 times the first day. Which isnt a bad thing necessarily, just depends on your preference.One last complaint - the hotel was noisy. I dont mind the city noise or the traffic, but the noise inside the hotel was grating. Perhaps it was poor luck that we stayed next to a couple of yahoos who loved to play their loud bass music at 1am and go in and out of their rooms 18 times an hour, but something about the hotel doesnt seem to cushion the noise well. You can hear a door closing from down the hall (those doors are [--] loud!).I dont want to end on a bad note because I really did have a good time. They leave you cookies each night. The bathrobes and slippers are very nice. The coffee (Green Mountain) is free and good quality and is ready in about 3 minutes. It's a good place to stay, but I wouldnt spend $300 a night to stay there. (Here is a tip: I found a good rate on travelocity but then called the hotel and they gave me their best rate guarantee discount of 10%, so we ended up staying for $170 a night which was well worth it).	
Jul 31 2008 	A Terrific Experience	Our stay at the Dana was wonderful. We spent the night to celebrate our anniversary this summer. Living in the Chicago, suburbs, we are familiar with downtown and watched the progress of the Dana this spring. The service was excellent ... friendly, professional, accomodating. The room was gorgeous ... very modern with cement ceilings and great furnishings and linens. The location is perfect (in our opinion) ... a few blocks away from the chaos of shopping on the Magnificent Mile, but close enough to walk over any time that we wanted; close to excellent resaurants and bars. We've stayed at all of the four/five star properties in the city and would recommend this hotel with those ... at a fraction of the price. We will definitely book this property again. (Note: I wish that they had pictures of the rooms on the website. They are worth seeing.)	
Jul 25 2008 	5 stars for the Dana Hotel 	I spent last weekend at the Dana Hotel &amp; Spa with my mom and sisters for a glorious birthday weekend. The rooms were immaculate and the staff was impeccable. Being that it was a new hotel, I wasn't sure if they would have everything in tip top shape but I have to say, I was incredibly impressed. We used many amenities at the hotel including the work out room, spa and restaurant. The spa was a last minute decision because it was raining out and we opted to stay in. We had facials and massages and all were absolutely luxurious. We felt like we were staying at a five star hotel. If you stay there, make sure to try the Mr. Kites candy that they keep in the room in case you are hungry. MMMMM delicious and NOT overpriced for minibar food! Oh and the pillows were so soft and fluffy!! Look out, you may not want to leave your bed!! We can't wait to come back for birthday weekend again next year!	
Jul 21 2008 	New Chicago Hot Spot	We live in Chicago, but wanted to stay downtown for our 5-year anniversary. My wife found this hotel while searching online. I walked over at lunch and received a full tour of the rooms and spa from the Sales Manager. This is a brand new hotel that opened a month ago, and is still in the midst of being finished. It is very modern and has some neat amenities in the room. It is a great location for the out of towners who are looking to shop and do the touristy activities.From the moment we arrived through the time we left, we were treated like king and queen. Patrick the bellhop took care of us the second we walked out of the car. We needed to leave the car downstairs as we checked in (no problem). We were give a corner room, number 812 that had a balcony facing north and ceiling to floor windows. The rooms have a modern feel and from what I understand our built form recycled material, including wood floors etc... There is a shower that get this, actually has great water pressure and a window that allows you to watch TV :). The bed was super comfy and the blackout shades allowed us to sleep in!We did not have a chance to visit the bar or restaurant as we had other plans, but it was hopping when we came back at midnight. My guess is that the locals are going to start making this a hot spot. We also did not go to the spa, although it looked pretty nice when I toured it (a lot of tile and things made form recycled materials).For $250, the value was supreme and the service was impeccable. I would highly recommend this to anyone coming to town, even for business!	
Jul 19 2008 	Great rooms - but paint fumes a dealbreaker	3.0 rating reflects very mixed experience - some aspects qualify for a 5.0, but paint fumes in fact made it a 1.0.Pros: Great location; extremely helpful and friendly staff; free wi-fi; rooms beautifully appointed with exciting design details and amazing picture window views (some with balconies); good coffee maker in room with complimentary coffee and tea; great bath products.Cons: Some of the exciting design details tried too hard and didn't work that well in practice; poor sound-proofing both to hallway and street. Biggest problem at the time of our visit was that the hotel is so spanking new (about 1 month old) that the chemical fumes from paint, carpets, furniture etc. were overwhelming and caused us to check out prematurely after just the first night. Expect the fumes problem will be solved in time, although with A/C as only source of air circulation, it may take a while. Once the air clears, this hotel should be a great choice if you're looking for modern, chic cool.	
Nov 22 2009 	Realmente un espacio para relajarse		
Nov 13 2009 	très bon rapport qualité prix		
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent hotel		
Sep 16 2009 	Hôtel idéal		
Sep 10 2009 	Originale e con Notevole Vista		
Nov 14 2008 	ottima esperienza		
