	Location is what you pay for	We stayed here for Thanksgiving, at a reduced rate, but would be disappointed to pay full price. The first impression upon walking in the lobby is that there is so much potpurri, that they must be hiding a bad smell. The room(a jr. suite) was roomy, but gloomy. There was obviously a water problem from above as all of the paint/wallpaper was chipping or peeling, and there were large swatches of patching on the ceiling. the bathroom was so small there was no where to put a used towel or a bath kit. We were next to the ice machine that made a pounding noise day and night. &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was available upon request, for a rich price plus 18% and tax. No room service. The location is excellent, 2 blocks from the mag mile and 2 blocks from the lake. The doorman was attentive, but we could not even reach the front desk when we called. This room is available for sale for the nominal price of $450,000, for what is basically an efficiency. The 25 million dollar renovation they brag about appears to have gone into the purchase of flat screens, 2 per room and not the decor.	
	Will stay somewhere else next time	Not a very warm feeling when walking into the lobby. Woman behind the small desk didn't smile and seemed put out a bit. Stayed for two nights. We upgraded to a Deluxe King Suite. Rooms were nice and clean. Sofa was very hard and uncomfortable to sit on. Bed was comfortable, BUT the bathroom was the size of a postage stamp. No room for TWO people to put anything. In fact, the toilet was so close to the wall that when I would sit down the toilet paper rubbed my leg (I'm petite size 6). When taking a shower my husband splashed water all over the wall outside the small shower. No tub! We did call down to reception after checking in to see if there was a room with a larger bathroom but was told there were none, that the only ones with larger bathrooms were a big upgrade and those weren't available. Definitely not enough room to have two people in it at the same time!We live outside of Milwaukee and travel to Chicago quite often and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown. We chose the Raffaello because of the big renovation. It is a very old hotel and they did upgrade the rooms quite a bit. We had stayed there back in the mid-80's and there was a lot of improvement since then. It is convenient to the Magnificient Mile but the $400 for two nights was a little much for what we got. Also ate at there new restaurant with a &quot;Michelin star and James Beard Award&quot; chef. Neither of us were impressed by the decor or the meal. It was okay but nothing to write home about. Be aware that the bar (only six seats) is right by the door and everytime it was opened, the cold air swirled in - brrrrr.	
Nov 9 2009 	wooo hoooo!	We loved this hotel. It was so clean and nice. Comfortable beds! The staff was very friendly and helpful and we felt welcomed at all times. It was so easy to get dressed with three girls in the room. The vanity was a huge plus!!! From the shoe shiner to the mini bar everything was top of the line!	
Nov 9 2009 	Very Nice!	I just returned from a quick get away to meet family in Chicago and stayed at the Raffaello because the rates were fantastic and the location couldn't be beat. The rooms are quite large. Included with the room that I stayed in were two double beds. Also there was a coffee maker, refrigerator, and microwave. Although I didn't use any of them it's good knowing they are there for leftovers or storing drinks bought from the Walgreens that's close by.The bed slept very well. They weren't too soft nor to hard. The bedding was more than acceptable. The one drawback that I can also consider a plus is the shower. There is only a partial glass partition that doesn't do a good job of keeping the water from soaking the rest of the bathroom floor. The floor mat is pretty soaked halfway through by the time one person has used the shower. You may want to ask the front desk for extra towels the night before so that you'll have them first thing in the morning. Having said that the shower experience it self was wonderful. I'm very inclined to switch my shower head out for the rainfall style that was in my hotel room. It's a great way to unwind from a long day of shopping or being at a conference.There are a couple tips that I'd like to leave. At the time of this review the internet access for a 24 hour time period via wireless (nice and fast) was $9.95. The business center charges $5.95 for 15 minutes of access. I needed to use the center in order to print an important document. The elevators are quite small and there are only two. Patience is a virtue when waiting for one. The gym is free and located on the second floor along with the business center and full service spa. The site says the hotel features L'Occitane products. When I was there they provided me with Gilchrist &amp; Soames products which are just as nice. Parking is quite expensive at $47 a night. I didn't need to park a car since I arrived by train. Overall I would stay here again since the location is great, the rate for the room that I received was very competitive, it has a boutique feel and is rated appropriately.	
Nov 5 2009 	loved this place!	I went to Chicago for a conference at McCormick Place and stayed at the Raffaello with two classmates. We enjoyed our stay here. The room was large, very clean, and relaxing. The doormen would walk down the street in search of a cab for us if there were none close by. We were greeted every time we returned to the hotel with a &quot;Welcome back!&quot; The location is great and is within walking distance of many restaurants and shopping, one block off the Magnificent Mile, next door to the John Hancock building, and a nice walk to the Navy Pier. The staff was very friendly and very helpful, from recomending restaurants to quickly delivering anything requested from housekeeping. Great place to stay!	
Nov 5 2009 	The BEST hotel in Chicago!!!! SERIOUSLY!	My classmates and I were absolutely amazed at how beautiful, modern, clean, and AWESOME The Raffaello was from the moment we walked in the front doors!! We loved it!!! The doormen were so hospitable and friendly. The people at the front desk were so nice &amp; always smiling &amp; helpful. I felt important while I was there. This hotel is nothing like your normal chain hotels--it's so much better. It looks like it would cost a fortune to stay there, but it is VERY AFFORDABLE!! I cannot wait to plan my next trip to Chicago, and the only place I ever want to stay in Chicago is The Raffaello!! The location is PERFECT: 1-1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave, and 1 block from Lake Michigan! I absolutely LOVE the Raffaello Hotel!!! Thank you, Raffaello Hotel, for making my stay in Chicago the very best it could be! I couldn't ask for anything better!	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice European Style Hotel	Clean and well located. Staff was friendly. Fitness room was excellent for a smallish hotel. I recommend it for business and couples travel. Well priced.	
Oct 23 2009 	Loved it	This is a great hotel. Loved the location. The rooms were a great size (not like some places downtown you feel your sleeping in a closet). They were clean and very comfortable. I thought the price was very reasonable and would stay there again next time were downtown.	
Oct 13 2009 	2'nd year in a Row	This was our 2'nd stay at the Raffaello. The location is amazing. Two blocks from Michigan Ave (and the Cheesecake Factory) Maybe four from the American Girl Doll store. Can walk anywhere. Also taxi's are always driving by. I travelled with my husband and two children (ages 8 and 11) We had a large suite which had two rooms separated by a door. It had a king size bed, a pull our couch and also had a parsons bed which was a bonus for the kids. Two flat screen TV's, a mini bar, microwave, and lots of drawers for storage. As the weather was cold we had to use the heat. In the kids room the first night it wouldn't turn on. We called the front desk the next morning and immediately it was fixed. The door men were very very friendly and helpful. Front desk was great as well. I like this hotel because it is a smaller place - very clean, nice modern decor, large rooms. Also, it feels European. One drawback is the bathroom. The shower is set up so that it doesn't close. Only half a pane of glass. Therefore its virtually impossible to contain the water in the shower space. Had to mop up the bathroom floors often. Called down for towels once (as my daughter used too many) housekeeping showed up in less than a minute with a pile of them. Last year the highlight of our visit for me was the soaps and shampoos the hotel privided. L'Occitane. I was in heaven. Too bad they changed that. Nice soaps but can't compare. I would book this place again. Hopefully next year.Oh Almost forgot - the beds were amazing. Sooo comfortable and cosy.	
Oct 7 2009 	Can I Have A Spoon?	Stayed at the Raffaelo for two nights in October. We arrived at 10 a.m. which was too early to check-in so we gave the hostess our phone # and went to a Cubs game. They lost. Surprise. The doormen were very helpful and the hostess was efficient. We even got upgraded to a suite on the 17th floor. The view was of other buildings, but at least the windows opened somewhat. The shower was funky as there wasn't a door, only a half pane of glass. Needless to say I got water all over the bathroom floor. The bed was very comfy! The living area included a mini-fridge, microwave, sink, coffee table, work table and another sitting table area. The mini-fridge has an honor bar with overpriced items. The flat screen TV was way too far away from the couch for nominal viewing. The location was fantastic. You can get to Macy's and H&amp;M within 5 minutes walking. The Navy Pier is also walkable, but plan on a 20 minute stroll along the shore of Lake Michigan. It's a nice, quiet hotel and a great value. One night I stumbled in a little tipsy with my wife with a container of ice cream and realized we forgot spoons. We entered the restaurant after closing and the manager hooked us up with two spoons! Happy night.	
Oct 6 2009 	tres chic (almost)	Overall the hotel was very nice. Recently renovated, it has a modern feel. I thought it was a bit overpriced because the accomodations and service were not over the top, however, it was in a great location (right next to the John Hancock Tower). We had a king bed suite. Downers: Slow elevator, and the shower did not drain well (which was a problem because it was a step in). Plus: relatively close to the El and areas of interest in the city	
Oct 1 2009 	Pleasant surprise.	What a great little hotel and excellent location. We had a suite on the 16th. floor and it was quite spacious and comfortable. The bed was heavenly as were the fluffy pillows. I didn't want to get out of bed every morning! Nice flat screen TV's and workable windows that you can open, which made it nice at night. I'd give it a 5 but there were a few flaws. The front desk staff were a bit stuffy and stiff. Only one robe in our room and no pens or writing paper that we could find. The carpet had burn spots just inside the front door and the bath toiletries were on the tiny size. The soap kept falling through the holder. Overall a nice place. We will stay there again in the future.	
Sep 26 2009 	What a find!!	We spent 4 nights at the Raffaello with another couple and had a wonderful time. The price was amazingly reasonable and the contemporary decor was exquisite. The amenities in our room were amazing. The small refrigerator had a few beverages, but there was plenty of room for us to stash our cheese and wine. Also a small coffee pot/coffee and microwave. Everything was a clean as a whistle and the service was perfect. An added pleasure was the rooftop terrace where we enjoyed the view of the city with our nightly wine and cheese. The location - right across the street from the John Hancock Building - was right in the heart of things. It was convenient to public transportation, and the parking ($23 per day) is about 1/2 of the other hotels.It was our favorite find so far.	
Sep 22 2009 	Not as nice as the website suggests	The website showed an upscale hotel with very nice rooms. Our room was very very small. We had to lift our suitcase over the bed because there wasn't enough room to wheel it to a space large enough to open. Sitting on the end of the bed my knees almost hit the dresser. The furniture was chipped as were the picture frames and paint on the bathroom door. The grout in the shower needed repair. The room was clean but the walls are paper thin. We could hear everything! I like the location and the discount on parking but would not stay here again.	
Sep 21 2009 	We were not disappointed	When reading reviews of the hotel in deciding whether to book or not, I was concerned by a couple of the less favorable reviews. However, we went ahead because of the location and the good rate we received. We were not disappointed! We were fortunate to receive an upgrade to a suite which was spacious with all the amenities as advertised. Large bed with comfortable comforter. The heating/cooling system was very quiet. Windows could be opened.Our room was kept immaculately clean for the two nights we were at the hotel. All staff members were friendly and helpful. We parked out car at the parking garage across the street for $23 per night which is a real bargain in Chicago. We had in and out privileges and being billed to the hotel was a nice convenience.Only one negative; being charged for internet.A new first class restaurant is now on the premises. Great breakfast!This was our first time at the Raffaello. This will be the hotel for us in our future trips to Chicago.	
Sep 16 2009 	Amazing location outstanding service very comfortable exquisite dining experience and a good value.	I have stayed with a friend at this hotel several times and each time I am more pleased than the last. Other than my own home, this is where I sleep best. This particular visit led us to try the new restaurant on the premises which we named &quot;OH MY GOD&quot; because everything tasted amazing and those were the only words to describe the dining experience. The staff was so attentive. We were treated as if we were guests in their home. The food was beautifully presented and our portions were adequate for lunch. Because we were not rushed, it gave us time to share and savor our courses and look forward to again having the waiter with the generous basket of home-baked rolls and fresh breads stop by our table just one more time. Chef was very helpful and presented our table with appetizer and dessert samplings. It was simply a lovely meal served by exceptionally trained staff and prepared by an outstanding chef in a beautifully appointed, nicely decorated, spotless dining room that had great art provided by a friend of the owners. Lunch was such a memorable experience that we ate breakfast in the dining room the next morning and, of course, we were not disappointed. One may think the prices may be high for breakfast, but let me assure you, that the service, quality, freshness, presentation, and amazing coffee will more than make up for a few dollars you may save somewhere else. Try it. You will love it.	
Aug 5 2009 	The Raffeallo was a bit disappointing	We just returned from a stay at the Raffeallo. The room itself was a very nice size. We did sleep well. The beds were very comfortable, and I think this may be the quietest hotel in which we've stayed. We were disappointed in two areas. First, the front desk staff was not very helpful. We tried to call multiple times and no one ever answered at the concierge desk, nor was anyone ever seated at the desk. We also tried to call the front desk, and the call went to voicemail. Also, when we were standing in line to check out, two employees were behind the desk. However, the second employee just turned and walked away, while the first employee was trying to help the lady in front of us with reservations for later this year. (We had two families waiting behind us.) The second complaint was the size of the bathrooms. This was our once-a-year getaway, and the bathrooms were very small for the price of the room. (We booked the largest room offered.) The showers were very nice, but there was one small sink and standing-room only. By the way, the restaraunt was closed for remodeling, which was not mentioned on the hotel website. I will say the best thing by far about the Raffeallo was Ferron---the extremely helpful and cheerful bellman!	
Jul 21 2009	Great location	Raffaello Chicago is a mall hotel located one block from the la ke and two blocks from michigan Avenue. Clean and beautiful rooms.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great location	Great location next to John Hancock building and a block away from great shopping. Good sized room, with microwave, large flat screen tv, dvd player. Small but great fitness center. No free wifi but able to print boarding pass for free in business center.	
Jul 14 2009 	great service if you like bouitque hotels- otherwise don't bother	Let me 1st say that the customer service was excellent from the manager to the maids and doormen. We had room problems. Traveling with 2 teenage boys- 6'tall, we called several times to be sure the room had queen beds not doubles. got different stories and finally assured the website was wrong and they were indeed Queens. 2- 6' tall boys sharing a full bed- tight- particularly the night before a race and sleep needed. So, manager changed us to a &quot;Grand Suite&quot; with murphy bed, sofa bed and king bed. What a night! The mattress was so thin on the sofa bed, that my son put it on the floor to sleep, since the rods on the bed were digging into his back. The murphy bed was basically in it's own &quot;alcove&quot; and was a small twin bed. Like sleeping in a box in a box. My son reacted to something inside of it, dragged his mattress to the floor and was wheezing and coughing all night ( not an ashtmatic). He had some type of alergic reaction to something in there. The 1 bathroom was at the foot of our king bed, with full length a frosted glass door panel, the toilet faced our bed and everytime it was used during the night, the light turned on was like a spot light suddently aimed at us in bed, coming through the glass, startling us awake and the person on the toilet- well not the most comfortable situation at the foot of our bed. The bathrooms are like a telephone booth- tiny with tiny designer round sink and shower- no door- a half glass enclosure- but not long enough and the floor would get flooded. The toilet was a bizarre size, to fit in that tiny room. Had to climb over the end of the bed to get into one side. So, the next day, knowing that one son would be staying with his team and not with us, we opted to go back to a double room. There are no Queen beds and 2 rooms was very costly, as was this one. Note that we never share rooms with our kids when traveling, always have 2 bedrooms or 3, so that all can get a good nights sleep,but took a chance this time. The managers were very apologetic, sending us personal notes and one day sent us a bottle of wine with a written apology and will track down who told us they were queen beds. We had given up a long standing reservation elsewhere when we found out they were double beds at an elegant boutique hotel that would have given us 1 night free. Ended up with the same and paying more. This room was very nice,very attractive, spacious but again tiny bathroom- same setup but noraml toilet. At least this was in the entry way away from the beds! Nice rainfall showers and toiletries. Nice well stocked bar ( had pints of alcohol on counter, which we don't drink) and plenty of snack foods, refrigerator. If you don;t like feather pillows you can request synthetic. Elevator very tiny, hold 4 comfortably but no big deal. Restaurant was being renovated, to open soon so no meals there. Nice equipment in gym and a spa which we didn;t use. Terrace on roof top. Beds comfortable enough but not a heavenly bed, for sure.If you like boutique hotels, this is probably a great choice. No lobby to speak of, just a small 2 person check in desk, concierge ( who was of no help at all when asked advice) and a few chairs. Business center on another floor. Excellent location and staff- very accomodating. This is the 2nd time we stayed in a boutique hotel in 25 yrs. of marriage and it will be our last. Just not for us. Would rather stay in a Westin, DoubleTree or even a Marriott with heavenly beds spacious bathrooms and such. No need for the extra attention for us. Oh- we parked the car across the street at the garage for $26/day and left it there for 4 days. Walked everywhere and also took taxis when going far. Great little sandwich/gelato/bakery restaurant around the corner downstairs outside of water tower place. Cheesecake factory is there too. Can sit outside on the steps or inside to eat. I would recommend this hotel only if you like bouitques.	
Jul 12 2009 	Just Ok.....	First, I want to echo other reviewers in saying the location was great. But for the money - I will not stay here again. I travel often and usually stay in 4 - 5 stars properties. The Raffaell is a boutique hotel with very few things to offer other than the location. No restaurant or bar on site. In room coffee maker was tiny. If it weren't for the restaurant across the street there were no dining options - especially breakfast - close to the property . We stayed in a suite which was well decorated. However, the bathroom was extremely small with little room for the placement of toiletries. We killed 2 roaches in the bathroom as well! The only bright spot with the Raffaello was the housekeeping staff and Jason the consir. Other than that........find another property !!	
Jul 3 2009 	Excelent location large room	Excellent location, right next to the Handcock Observatory and a few meters from the Magnificent Mile, the Raffaello Hotel was a very nice surprise. We have to mention the excellent cafe at the ritz carlton across the street where we had very good dinners and breakfast.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great location	Spend the weekend at the Rafaello. We had a suite for $207/night. Nice, but nothing exceptional. Rooms were clean and well furnished. You can park in the garage 1 block east of the hotel for $26/night.Who still charges for the internet?Extremely small elevators.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great value and location	They really did a nice job with this hotel, and for the money, a super boutique value. I would not hesitate booking again with my colleagues. Some colleagues did complain about the smaller king rooms. I booked a suite. The rate wasn't much higher than the regular king, but the room is fantastic!One concern was the front desk service. When I arrived, I was expecting a package. But the desk help was unable to locate it, and it had very important work documents. It was later found, but too late. That said, my experience was quite good overall and I plan on booking again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Hotel Service Could Be Better	I stayed here from Jun 7-9 2009. Booked through Expedia and got a rate of $119 per night for a standard room. But they upgraded me to a suite with a seperate living room and bedroom. Pros:1) Rooms were new and luxurious with all the amenities (microwave, HDTV, electronic safe, iron, ironing board, rainforest showerhead, hairdryer etc.) 2) The location of the hotel is perfect. Just right beside the John Hancock Observatory on the Magnificent Mile. Other hotels on the Mile would probably be charging a lot higher for their prime location. Budget hotels in the main Chicago district were charging $85 per night so the price and location offered by this hotel was just unbeatable. 3) Valet, doorman and bellman were extremely friendly and helpful.4) The hotel had a business centre with internet, printing, copy, fax and telephone conferencing service, well- equiped gym and spa. Cons:1) The Front Desk staff were not friendly and very unprofessional. The manager on duty did not smile the entire time he was helping me make bookings for my transportation and at check out. He even seemed reluctant to help me. At check in, the Front Desk staff were chatting nonstop about unrelated work stuff in front of me and complaining about the hotel being overbooked. Being in this business myself, you definitely do not want your guests to be hearing such stuff. 2) The housekeeping service. They came in only at 430pm to do the AM service when I was just back for a short rest and I did not recieve any turndown service which was supposed to be provided on my two nights. 3) Not too many facilities though. No restaurants, room service, pool etc. 4) They charged for internet! Which hotel in this age still charges for internet? It's $9.95 for 24 hours. Wanted to check my email at the business centre thinking it was complimentary but it was even more outrageous; $5.95 for 15 mins! The only complimentary internet service you could get was for printing out your boarding pass. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel despite the service and facilities. The rooms are superb and comfortable. The best point would definitely for its location and value for money. If you're looking at a comfortable and luxurious stay without paying too much and not needing to use the facilities of a hotel too often, this hotel is definitely the one for you.	
Jun 8 2009 	Charming hotel.......friendly staff	Girls trip...3 sisters with daughters in their 20's. We had 2 rooms...very spacious and comfy. Bathroom could have been a bit bigger...especially the sink. Great location. Bar and restaurant under renovation...which we knew, but we did miss not having one. In all, great hotel/location for the price. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Surprisingly Upscale a great value!	I needed a nice place to stay for just one nigh, quick in-and-out trip to Chicago, and this was perfect for that. When I checked in they told me they had a suite available for me so they'd upgrade me at no cost. The room was HUGE. It actually consisted of about three rooms with a large sitting room, stocked mini bar with great options, two large flat-screen TVs, a great office/desk area, and the bedroom was large but sectioned off with French doors. The bed had great linens, and I slept perfectly - didn't want to get up in the a.m.The bathroom had nice marble and a huge shower, very well designed and comfortable. There were more than enough towels and closet space for everything. I could have planned a 3-5 day stay in this hotel room. Very upscale look and feel. Well done! Also, the location is fabulous - one block from Water Tower place - the mall of downtown Chicago and one block from the beach and Shedd Aquarium. Convenient cab rides everywhere I needed to go. You can do anything you want to do in Chicago and stay at this hotel - in the heart of it all!	
Jun 4 2009 	Really nice Motel 6 or Holiday Inn	The title may be harsh, but: no restaurant, no bar, no pool, no breakfast opportunity, no parking facility, no thermostat, no room service...The street noise seemed as loud as if the windows were open. Poorly thought out window purchase for noise abatement.The rooms are nicely sized (suite) and furnished. An arm chair in the living room was badly stained with salt (I hope!) and should be changed out and cleaned. There is no way that housekeeping can miss the nasty condition.When checking out, I called for my car to be brought over from the Westin parking ramp, but when I got to the lobby I learned that they hadn't bothered to get it. We waited outside on the sidewalk for the car to be brought over since the lobby is tiny. The wide angle lens used for taking the photos makes it look large. It's conveniently located to the Lake shore and Michigan Avenue and priced about right for what you get.	
May 23 2009 	Good location spacious room.	I made a last-minute reservation at the Raffaello and was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. The hotel does not have its own parking lot, but parking is available directly across the street for $22/day, which is totally reasonable by Chicago standards.My room was pretty large and the bathroom was outstanding, although it did not have a bathtub. The hotel does not have a restaurant, hence no room service. You CAN tuck food in the fridge without setting of the 'fridge alarm&quot; and incurring a charge for moving the hotel's food. Also, the front desk was kind enough to bring me silverware late at night. The good news is there are plenty of restaurants in the area.The hotel's greatest feature is its proximity to Michigan Ave.	
May 14 2009 	NOT WHAT I PAID FOR	Booked this Hotel through Traveleocity. for myself and a colleague for a two night stay in Chicago. Paid around $225 a night. I booked the hotel after reviewing all hotels in downtown Chicago in the same price range and with similar amenities. I wish I had booked one of the other hotels. Upon arrival at this hotel, we were greeted by a hotel desk clerk that was non-verbal to say the least. I had paid in advance for 2 double double rooms. When we got to the rooms neither of the rooms was a double double. They were however the smallest kings in the hotel-(you could tell by the floor maps on the door). So, they had generously given us the worst rooms in the hotel. But we did not complain. It was getting late so we decided to stay in and order something to eat. When we called downstairs we were told they did not have a restaurant and did not have room service. OK, we went out to eat. The next morning my colleague and I were awoken by houskeeping in the hallway steam cleaning the floor--the only way to describe the odor was &quot;sewage&quot;. The whole floor stunk. And lastly, tthe business center was unmanned and charged for everything, from looking at email, to any copies. We paid $7 for per 15 minute session and $4 for 8 pages printed.I never write reviews of hotels, but felt that I should for this one. I have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels. This hotel, due to the treatment of a pre-paid travelocity customer, and the extreme lack of services and amenities is realistically a 3 star or lower. The hotel website is very attractive, but deceiving.Bill	
May 12 2009 	luxurious and well located	I had a Saturday night stay here. I work for a travel agency so I was given an industry rate and an upgrade to the spacious deluxe suite. It was bigger than my NYC apartment and had a fantastic bed and shower, two flat screen TV's and a fabulous minibar. From the 16th floor I had a nice view of the John Handcock Tower and also Lake Michigan. The location served as a nice stepping off point for shopping along the Magnificent Mile. Only downside was that they did not have an iPod dock in the room and internet was not included in the room rate. Otherwise it was everything I could have wanted! Would definitely return here on a future visit to Chicago.	
May 4 2009	Fabulous Hotel Just Loved It!!!	Myself and my Mam just returned from a shopping trip in Chicago and stayed in the Raffaello Hotel. Fantastic location, its around the corner from the John Hancock Tower, which is also beside the Water Tower Place(huge shopping centre). It was so central for shopping as its at the top of Michigan Avenue (the Magnificent Mile). There are also little kiosks where you can buy the sight seeing bus tour tickets on Michigan Ave. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the doormen were very quick at getting us taxi's. The room was huge, two big, comfy double beds. The room had a big plasma tv, a microwave and mini-bar/fridge. The mini-bar was expensive but no different then any other hotel?The bathroom was a bit small, but it had a big shower. The room is so bright and very modern.I couldn't fault this hotel in any way. Great hotel for a great city.	
Apr 19 2009 	Beautiful Room w/ Friendly Staff. Great Location!	Everything about this hotel is great. I have a pleasant experience every time I visit the Raffaello. I tend to stay only in the winter months because the rates shoot up in the spring and summer. I love the location and the decor in the room is great. I always stay in the same suite which is larger than others I've seen on the floorplan so I can't really compare the room sizes. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location and room for mom and daughter shopping trip	The Raffaello is in a great location for spending a few days in Chicago shopping and sightseeing. We self-parked our car at the garage across the street for $23 per day and left it there the entire time. Great shopping and restaurants all within walking distance. The hotel itself is in a fairly quiet location. We had a double room which was pretty spacious for a downtown hotel. The beds were very comfortable and the room and bathroom were very clean. The front desk staff was not very friendly, but the bell captains were always polite and helpful. We booked a 3-night special through the hotel website for $99 per night which I would say was a great value for this convenient, updated hotel.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good location good rates not the best	Staff was just correct. The standard room was big compared to other hotels I've been. It's a very well located hotel and if you are lucky, you will have a nice view of the John Hancock building. My room was in front of the elevator and it was kind of noisy. Only one block away is Michigan Avenue with all its shopping and nightlife. I would recommend this hotel if you find a good deal for it. Wi-fi acces was 9.95$ and you may want to have this service for free!!!	
Apr 10 2009 	Great For Tourists Not for Couples	This hotel is in a perfect location if you want to be right off Michigan Avenue in the thick of things. My boyfriend and I are Chicago natives who live in the suburbs and wanted a relaxing, romantic evening in the city. I've stayed in some amazing hotels around the world, so I guess when I heard &quot;four star boutique hotel off Michigan Ave.&quot; my expectations were high. While there was really nothing wrong with the hotel it did not impress me. The lobby is beautiful, the rooms are nicely decorated, the bathrooms are fine, the service was good. It was nice, but it was not Wow. I do have one pretty major gripe with this place: the walls/doors are paper thin. You can hear EVERYTHING. We were sleeping in the morning and heard every door on our floor slam and every person in the hallway talking like they were standing in our room. It kind of made us a little sour on the place. This hotel is good for tourists looking for a good location at a reasonable price, but not if you're looking for any kind of privacy whatsoever.	
Mar 25 2009 	Fabulous hotel for a girls' weekend in downtown Chicago	Stayed here with five of my girlfriends on a Saturday night. The location was perfect for shopping on Michigan Avenue. The rooms were beautiful and spacious; very comfy beds; and provided the perfect atmosphere for relaxing and catching up with friends.	
Mar 17 2009 	Best small luxury hotel with professional and friendly staff	We've just returned from a week's stay at the Raffaello where service is excellent, our suite was clean, it's quiet and well kept. It's a small hotel, but beautifully furnished. We got the upgrade because the keys were not programmed correctly for the rooms they'd booked for us. Three of us stayed very comfortably in a suite. The heating wasn't working properly, but we &quot;lived&quot; with it. It's well situated, in the middle of the hub of Chicago; we walked everywhere. I'd stay there again in a Chicago minute!	
Mar 10 2009 	Blocks from Navy Pier	The Raffaello was a surprisingly wonderful hotel. In an understated location, but central to all the attractions that I love. Within walking distance of the Navy Pier, Lake Michigan, Michigan Avenue, Shopping, Restaurants and Bookstores. Service in the hotel was excellent!	
Mar 7 2009 	Large and Comfortable Rooms Amazing Value	I recently spent one night at the Raffaello Hotel on March 1. The hotel is a fairly small boutique hotel, and it sure seemed that there were no more than 10 guests staying that night. The check in was very speedy, and the staff met my request by placing me on the top floor, floor 17. I booked the night the day of my trip for $99 through the hotel, and the standard room was great. It was very spacious and newly renovated. Make sure you request a room with a view of the John Hancock, as many of the other rooms overlook a very ugly, old, and worn-out apartment building. For my purposes, this hotel was perfect. It had amazing value, and the close proximity to Michigan Avenue and many restaurants and shops was great.	
Mar 3 2009 	Excellent - highly recommend. Staff location everything - great!!	The location is perfect - directily behind the John Hancock Bldg. The staff is wonderful and go out of the way to be accommodating. My suite was perfect - I couldn't have asked for more. There was a comfortably modern feel. The appliances, the bathroom, etc. were very up-to-date and modern as was the decor. However, it was extremely cozy and comfortable.There is a hidden delight - the 18th Floor has a wonderful roof-top deck.And the price was overwhelmingly reasonable. Only stayed 5 days, wish I could have stayed longer...	
Feb 10 2009 	Perfect Chicago location	We loved the Raffaello! Its location is truly in the best place in Chicago possible and we had perfect access to everything we wanted to do in Chicago. The room is perfect, but stay on your toes because everything they offer is expensive, including a disappointing breakfast for which they wanted to charge $10 per person. Don't bother, you're close enough to a great breakfast in a hundred other places outside the hotel.	
Feb 7 2009 	Our kind of town-and hotel!	We stayed at the Raffaello for ten days on our first visit to Chicago. Rooms are a reasonable size, clean and modern. No baths, but a lovely shower and the most comfortable bed we've ever slept in-hotel or otherwise! Nice L’Occitane toiletries. Well-stocked mini bar; expensive, but they always are, aren’t they? Good-sized flat-screen TV, though we never had the time or inclination to watch it. We paid the equivalent of £160 per night for our room, but cheaper deals are available if you shop around in good time-we were very last minute with our booking.Rooms seem to vary from the reviews I’ve read on here. If you get a room on the inside, i.e. with a drab view, it's worth checking with front desk staff to see if one with a better view is about to come free. We swapped rooms after two nights without any fuss and were rewarded with a much more interesting view of the John Hancock building, surrounding streets and skyline. This room was slightly bigger and included a vanity area- a small touch, but makes all the difference when two people are rushing to get ready for dinner.There were quite a few business guests at the Hotel, but it didn’t have an overtly business feel, which was great. Several of our fellow American guests commented on the smallness of the two lifts: perhaps standard ones in the USA are bigger, they seemed a reasonable size to us. We didn’t have to wait long for a lift down and on entering the lobby there was always a lift there waiting on the ground, i.e. first floor.Excellent location; a short walk to the Rush St area with its variety of shops &amp; restaurants, the Lake (Oak St beach), Museum of Contemporary Art and of course the Magnificent Mile. The location incorporates the best of both worlds: the street is quiet &amp; safe, yet there are always taxis if one wants to travel further afield. We didn’t try the hotel breakfast, but expect it would’ve been good. There are plenty of places for good breakfast nearby- Tempa, the Pancake House, Cheesecake Factory, and Gibson’s. Make sure you book a restaurant table if you want to eat out on a Saturday night: everywhere is very busy &amp; we waited over an hour to get a table at a standard pizza-chain restaurant.All the staff–cleaners, front desk and doormen-were lovely, really helpful and friendly. A couple of our light bulbs blew and were changed as soon as we reported it. Someone on here mentioned housekeeping waking him or her up each day. We used the Do not Disturb notices as required and they were always respected.A surreal aspect of our holiday included bumping into some friends from back home. Amazingly they were staying at the Raffaello too. They loved it and the city just as much as we did.	
Feb 1 2009 	Go for the price stay for the nice	Location: About a block away from Michigan Ave, Water Tower Place and right behind the John Hancock tower. If your not from Chicago, this means it is in the heart of the city. It's a safe neighborhood.Parking: Option one - $47/night hotel valetOption two - $22/night self-park right across the street (not truely a self park, because the garage attendant takes your keys and parks the car for you).Lobby: Small, but comfortable. Area for sitting and free coffee.Room: Booked a King room for $99 direct on the hotel site. We stayed on a Saturday night and they upgraded us to a King Suite for no additional charge. The suite was in extremely nice shape and looked very clean. The bed was firm, yet comfortable. All the furniture was contemporary.The amenities at this hotel are limited. It's a place to stay on a budget, but it is a very nice looking hotel inside and out. When you are in Chicago, you don't need a hotel that has everything (just a clean, comfortable place to stay). You're in a city that has it all.	
Jan 13 2009 	gorgeous hotel fab location fab staff	I stayed here twice in late December whilst visiting the area. There is absolutely nothing I can fault with my experiences. The door staff are extremely attentive, the price was fantastic and the location is unbeatable. I particularly loved the bathroom as the shower was to die for. I found the decor refreshingly elegant, did not have any issues with the elevators as mentioned in other reviews and would reccomend to all!	
Jan 7 2009	Would have LOVED to stay ...but......	Well, my fiance in France wanted to book time at the Rafaello on his trip to see me at the end of this month. After several email attempts with no reply, and a phone call that was switched over from the concierge to the reservation desk and then cut off all together, and a retraction on a request that just a day before the hotel said they would honor - we've decided not to book a room here. I guess they just didn't care to have our business!	
Dec 6 2008	Great Service!!	I did not stay there, but I got the help I needed to send a bottle of champaign to friends. Although there is no in house shop today, the concierge ran out and purchased a bottle w/in my price range - by the way - it was below 0 degree wind chill!!!! Then arranged for the bottle to be chilled upon their arrival.great service!	
Nov 1 2008 	A very stylish boutique hotel	This is a lovely hotel - our room was excellent and had all the facilities we could want and the staff could not have been more helpful. We found the concierge, whose name I cannot now remember, particularly helpful in recommending places to visit, eat and shop. And he got us some discounts! The hotel may be away from the Loop but that means you can avoid the noise and we found taxis to be good value. It also means the Raffaello is located in a pretty sophisticated and quiet neighbourhood. Anywhere located within a few blocks from Oprah Winfrey's home can't be bad. The hotel is extremely well located for Hancock Centre, Magnificent Mile and is only two block from the stops for the main city tour buses. It was one of the best city centre hotels we have stayed at.	
Oct 28 2008 	Has Much To Learn About "Service"	Ok, so Chicago is an expensive town, and a convention town, so finding affordable and available hotels, while still wanting some comfort and ammenities is not easy. I found the Raffaello online. Great location, I will say that. The rest of the Hotel really lacks in service and style to warrant a 340 dollar per night price tag. There is no restaurant on site, no bar, internet is not free and the doorman will call you cab, if he absolutely has to but as we had 36 degree weather, we had to find one ourself because he was inside getting warm. Service is minimal here. MINIMAL. For the money, stay at budget marriot or best western. At least then you'll have a no frills expectation. I am writing this review FROM the hotel room. Smells like fried food...probably because people have to bring food in from the outside for dinner, unless they go out. My room still hasn't been cleaned. We left at 8:30 this morning so plenty of time. Access to the internet requires a code, fine, but you must enter it in EVERY time you log in as the system does not remember it. Bathrooms are tiny, no space to put anything, one hook for a towel shared with blow dryer. I called the front desk and the concierge this morning. No answer at either. Things happen, no hotel is perfect. But the over all problem of this place is the general sense that this is just a job for the staff. They don't say hello, goodbye, open a door, ask you if you need help, or offer a smile. I'm from LA, I can get that for free. The Raffaello has a lot to learn about service and client relations. A LOT. Starting with remembering that guests come first and are paying to stay there, not the other way around. So, if you lower your expectations, this is a great place. Otherwise, there is a courtyard marriott around the corner. Go there, and save yourself the $$ and the aggravation.	
Oct 24 2008 	My Favorite Chicago Hotel	I travel to Chicago frequently for business, and we discovered the Raffaello back in June. Since then, I've been in Chicago about 8 times and stay there every time. ADVICE: Always book a King room. They're much bigger than the double roomsThe staff is friendly, the rooms are spacious and comfortable, and it's a perfect location. It's a 5-10 minute cab ride to our client's offices, right off the Magnificent Mile (though I never have time to go shopping) and a quick cab ride to any restaurant we ever choose to dine in. I'm surprised about the reviewer saying the bellman wasn't around, there's always 1-2 standing there when I get in. I've even been given comp upgrades to a suite, which is FANTASTIC!No, they don't have room service but you can ask the front desk for a couple places that deliver to your room. They are Italian places, but have extensive menus (not just pizza) and the food is pretty good. In the morning, they will deliver breakfast to your room if you put the order on your door the night before.all in all, I'd say stay there. It's a great hotel, great location, and great price. I've never paid more than $240 a night, and for this location and quality of hotel, that's a steal.	
Oct 10 2008 	Soo nice	We loved the Rafaello. The decor is fantastic: modern, stylish, elegant and cosy, yet spacious. (No cheesy stuffiness.) Our room was impeccably clean - just how it should be. The little kitchenette was great. Can't wait to go back.We stayed for 4 nights and we actually prolongued our stay in Chicago because we liked the hotel so much. The first 2 nights we stayed in the W downtown which was also fine but we preferred the Rafaello.	
Oct 5 2008 	If you like NO FRILLS........	From the moment I pulled up in my rental car and the &quot;bellman&quot; looked at me with disdain, until the moment I checked out, my stay at the Raffaello was completely disappointing. The location is great, I'll give it that, but the minute you enter the lobby, it becomes moot. The front desk staff were unwelcoming and not of the caliber nor polish that a hotel demands. I never got so much as smile or a sense that they were happy to have me. I was asked for my credit card and not once did either person look me in the eye. Instead, I received a perfunctory explanation of the coffee bar in the lobby. There was NO bellman to take my bags to my room. I did it myself. The room was spacious, but devoid of charm. The walls still sport their original plaster, albeit covered in an ugly ochre paint job. The bathroom was tiny. A glass shelf installed above the sink meant that every time I bent to wash my face I banged my forehead on the shelf. There is a small closet, so filled with bathrobes, slippers, a safe, an ironing board, an iron, etc., that you cannot hang one item of clothing in it! There is NO room service yet each night a breakfast menu is on each bed. Why??? I could go on. The only saving grace is a young blonde concierge, who's name I didn't get, who helped us both nights of our stay. He was wonderful and some other hotel should go scoop him up immediately. I will never go back to the Raffaello, nor recommend it to anyone I know. The last night of my stay one of the elevators was out of service. It was a Saturday night. I, and a dozen other guests, waited more than 15 minutes to get to our rooms. No one said a word to us or apologized. Disgraceful. For $350 per night this hotel has a long way to go to justify the cost of the stay. It is lacking in every standard set by other hotels.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great hotel Great Location	Stayed 4 nites in a double double room. All the amenites you could want including a fridge, microwave and coffe/tea making facilities. Room very modern, spacious &amp; clean,The location, right next to the John Hancock Centre makes this a perfect hotel for sightseeing.This hotel will be even better once the bar in finally open, but no problem at the moment to walk to the CheeseCake Factory for cocktails im the bar there (underneath the JH Center).Would definatley recommend this hotel for a city Break.	
Sep 25 2008 	Best Hotel	We love this hotel. We visit the Chicago area often and this hotel has it all. It is clean and the beds are great. I love the location, everything is within walking distance. I wish I had known about it sooner. We stayed at the Omni Hotel two years ago and we were very disappointed. The Omni has a great location if you are just visiting the American Girl Place however the American Girl is now moving locations. My recommendation is to stay at the Raffaello were you are centrally located to everything!-Caroline, Ohio	
Sep 21 2008 	No Frills prices - and they mean it!	I was looking for an inexpensive hotel in downtown Chicago since I was going to be in town on business for a week. I found it in the Raffaello. The location was great, (two blocks from Michigan Ave) and the room was nice. There is no hotel bar or restaurant so be prepared to walk at least down the street to the Westin for food or drink. The room was nice and modern. A spacious bathroom and a plasma TV. However my room had two full size beds, one of which was about a foot away from the closet leaving little room to maneuver to your hanging clothes. The service was decent. Not anything special - but not anything negative either.	
Sep 12 2008 	Great hotel	This is a fantastic hotel. The location is excellent within walking distance of Magnificent Mile , the beach , navy pier , theatre district etc... The hotel is modern and such a treat if you are used to the hotel chains in the city. The fitness room is clean , good selection of machines and has complimentary fruit. The room was very spacious with microwave , plasma tv , dvd player, refrigerator, shoe shine and a nice (if neck-straining) view of the Hancock building. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and did an excellent job. I noticed on the floor map that some of the rooms seemed smaller than ours, we had two doubles so perhaps keep that in mind.The doorman was also very helpful and the rooftop was a nice place to relax and enjoy the view.This is our new favourite Chicago hotel and we can't wait to go back!	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Place!!	We've stayed at several downtown hotels in Chicago. The Raffaello is in a great place just behind the the John Hancock Building. You can walk to everything. The rooms are great, recently remodeled.For the price, it's our first choice when staying downtown.	
Aug 24 2008 	Enjoyable stay at The Raffaello but nothing spactacular	I stayed at The Raffaello after finding a great rate ($150/night) through Hotels.com. While the hotel was perfectly adequate, I would have been quite upset had I paid the full room rate ($250-$300).We lucked out and got a quite spacious room -- probably because the Hotels.com deal was for a room with 2 double beds, as opposed to a king (thus requiring a bit more room). I echo what some other reviewers said about the variation in room sizes -- while ours was fine, I saw some other rooms (particularly those ending in 6, as another reviewer stated) that were tiny. This variation alone might be enough to keep me from booking here again, as you really have no idea what to expect.The check-in and out process was fine, and we did like that the hotel had more of a boutique feel. That said, for this level of hotel (based on the regular room rate), I would expect more professional and courteous service. Again, there was nothing particularly bad, and in fact everyone was quite nice and friendly, but it was all just very &quot;matter of fact.&quot; I don't mean to sound &quot;snobby&quot; in this regard, but had I paid the regular room rate, I definitely would not have gotten what I paid for (proactive service, a real desire to go out of their way to be helpful, etc.).Quite annoying was the lack of free Internet. If you want access from your room, it costs $10 per day -- not a huge expense, but quite irritating given that much cheaper hotels offer free wireless pretty much as a matter of course. You can print out boarding passes for free in the business center, but that is all you can do for free! Luckily, there are several cafes and other places (such as the Apple store) within walking distance that offer free Internet.Other small annoyances: no vending, provision of a USA Today (would have liked a real newspaper.....), no bar/restaurant (though I understand they are building one), no access to free printing (except for boarding passes), tiny closets.All that said, our room was quite comfortable, and the new flat-screen TVs and DVD players were a nice addition -- we loved the option to just stay in one or two nights and watch a movie. The room was well furnished, and the beds were comfortable. Our bathroom was not spacious, but it had more than enough room, and was quite well equipped (outstanding showers!). The location was outstanding -- close to the Magnificent Mile but not on it (for peace of mind), walking distance to the subway and many bus lines, walking distance to Lake Michigan and the beaches, etc.Overall, we had a very nice stay, and I do feel like at $150/night, we got what we paid for, and then some. Beware of paying the regular room rate -- there are probably much better places out there for that kind of money. However, if you can find a good deal, you'll be quite happy with the choice.PROS: Location, comfortable rooms, boutique feel, friendly staffCONS: No free Internet, unpredictable variation in room sizes, value/price for what you get	
Aug 19 2008 	Good Price/Quality ratio for downtown location	The Raffaello is NOT a typical Magnificant Mile Super-Hotel, all gilt, gaudy, stale and overpriced. What it IS is a clean, modern, stylish hotel with a great location and attractive price for the quality.When I arrived, I realized that I was upgraded to a suite (reserved a standard king) which of course always is a treat!The suite was enormous: a large sitting room area with a kitchenette, couch, and flatscreen tv. The bedroon also had a flatsceen tv, huge king bed, and a large area to store your suitcases. The bathroom was just my style: large glass shower with one of those round, all -fashioned shower heads that sprays you from all over. Also, major plus: bath products from L'Occitane in Verbena scent (love it!)My only complaint was that I asked about restaurant recommendations when the concierge had left for the evening, and the people at the front desk could not tell me one restaurant suggestion. They should be better informed as to this kind of thing.Overall, excellent choice, and perfect downtown location.	
Aug 18 2008 	Absolutely Loved It	we had a superb time at the Raffaello Hoteo,the concierge ( both Darren and Jared) pushed every button possible for us and were a pleasure to talk to....we made new friends in them. I can't say enopugh about the accomodations, the staff and of course the Concirege---all suoperior	
Aug 18 2008 	Great stay Great location	My wife and I revisted chicago for our 2nd aniversary. This hotel is great. I loved the 18th floor deck views of the city and the lake. The only complaint of mine is the plumbing. You could hear through the walls everytime someone flushed, showered, or turned on the sink. The beds were every comfortable and service was great!!!!	
Jul 30 2008	Updated but small and average customer service	I have traveled all over the world so I know there's no such thing as a perfect hotel but here goes.. When we got there, they checked us in and gave us a room that was still under construction so we went back down to get a new room and they weren't too apologetic. We get to our room and it was very small! It was clean and updated, but small. Europeans would be ok with it, but I needed more space. Then whenever we needed something from the front desk or asked a question, I rarely got a smile and most of the time they acted as if we were bothering them. The door men were nice though! If they want to truly make a name for themselves and go above and beyond, they have to have GREAT service, it was lacking. I would not stay there again, with all of the other great hotels in Chicago that I have stayed at, it doesn't match up at all.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Raffaello on our way to O'Hare. We were a party of 5 with my two adult children,daughter in law and granddaughter. I wanted to stay in the heart of Chicago in a nice place as a treat for everyone after traveling a long way for a family reunion. the Raffaello met all our needs and expectations. We had booked two standard rooms and were upgraded to two suites. The rooms were beautiful. A spacious sitting room was separated from the bedroom by a french door. The bed was as comfortable as I've slept in. Furnishings are top notch. The hotel is centrally located just off Michigan Ave, close to Rush St. We were able to walk to our choise of many fine restaurants and take a walking tour of the area. The staff was attentive yet unobtrusive. A great stay.	
Jul 26 2008 	Kinda tiny	It's okay. Really small bedrooms even in the large king rooms. Bathrooms are ridiculously small and the weird opaque paned door means that your beloved has an uninterrupted view of your goings on in the bath. Location is great. Staff is keen to please if slightly less than qualified. The Concierge doesn't really know anything he didn't read in Where Magazine. For the price, it's a pleasant hotel in a prime location. Don't expect miracles for $200 a night.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Location Nice Rooms	We stayed for two nights at this great boutique style hotel. The staff are not overly friendly, but we had booked two king rooms and since travelling with two kids, we wanted adjoining rooms which they don't have, or at least on the same floor. The receptionist was nice enough to put us on the same floor as long as a room with two double beds was actually better for us. This turned out to be to our advantage since the room with two double beds was quite a bit more spacious. Both rooms were nicely decorated, newly renovated (room #711 &amp; 712). A previous reviewer stated that rooms ending in &quot;6&quot; were small but I thought 710 was quite small. We drove to Chicago from Toronto and valet parking is expensive at $45/day.. We found a car park just a block down towards the lake for $24/day. The hotel self-park, around the corner is $28/day. Not enough parking for unloading/loading luggage in front of the hotel. We drove around a couple of times and finally my husband unloaded the car on the side of the hotel's front door (hotel is situated on a corner), and continued on the to the parking garage.Because we were travelling with a young child, we were glad that there was a bar fridge that we could use to refrigerate milk, juice and yogurt. We just emptied it a bit and put everything back in before we checked out. Most hotels don't have fridges at all so this was definitely a plus for us.Elevators are a bit small but sufficient. with the stroller and three adults, that's about all it can hold. But this wouldn't stop me from staying there again.Free coffee in the lobby at all hours.GREAT LOCATION! We didn't move our car from the carpark at all. We paid $29/adult for the Chicago Trolley Co./Double Decker bus which is valid for two days of on/off privileges. It was really very informative and and we always do city tours to learn about the city and to find out where we'd like to revisit. We went to Chinatown, Millennium Park, shopping, restaurants, etc. Navy Pier is walking distance and there are even a couple of full playgrounds within walking distance, one just around the corner and one on the lakeshore that we found on the way back from Navy Pier. We also found out that Oprah Winfrey lives a couple of blocks from here as well in a penthouse apt.	
Jul 15 2008	Really liked the hotel - HOWEVER	I stayed in this hotel with my daughter. I can recommend it, but just be careful when checking out. We were billed for a film which we did not view, also we were billed for the mini bar which we did not use. A phone call to Dublin lasting 2mins cost $16, which I thought very steep.	
Jul 14 2008 	not so happy	We checked in quickly and ran to catch a Cubs game. We saw room and were surprised how small it was. We just figured that all rooms were that small. The next morning we looked at the map of the floor and realized we were in the smallest room on the floor. I am talking small. When we spoke to the manager he told us we could change rooms but made it sound like the reason we were in that room is because we asked for a full size bed. We decided to stay in room because it is a lot of trouble to move. If your room ends in 06 get it changed. All of these rooms are really small. Other than that the place wasnt bad.	
Jul 14 2008 	If you are only looking for a place to sleep...	The location of this hotel is its strongest point- other than that it left a lot to be desired. I will start with the positives- I had a double room and it was clean and nicely furnished and the bathroom is really huge- the downside is that the shower is the type that only has a half glass and no door so it leaves me very chilly while showering!The rooms ventilation was poor and the air conditioning sort of smelled musty and was very hard to sleep in- (I woke up congested each morning)The thing that made this hotel only get 2 stars is the unbelievably poor service..... The front desk couldn't answer basic Chicago directions and was generally clueless about everything we asked. We needed umbrellas- they dont have any- so take your own!! They made mistakes on our mini bill (billed us for things we didnt even see on th e menu!)and the elevator is so small and so slow you are better of walking up to your room- even if you are on the 10th floor!All is all- I would sum it up by saying the location is great, but the thats about all.	
Jul 7 2008 	Magnificent Weekend	We stayed at the hotel for a weekend vacation for two. The hotel was just updated and quiet.In the meantime, the location was extremely convenient, being one block from Michigan Ave. for shopping and food. The John Hancock Tower, Water Tower Mall and 900 Michigan Ave. were all less than two blocks away.Rooms have flat screen HD televisions and a DVD player and updated bathrooms with great showers. A small continental breakfast and high speed internet is available. The business center allows you to print your ticket reservations for free and we enjoyed the spa services and I found the work out center to be one of the best I have used.We are looking forward to the restaurant that is coming soon.	
Jul 7 2008	Loved Raffaello	Location, Location, Location! Our family found that the Rafaello was an awesome location for our individual tastes! The doorman &quot;Joe&quot; was very helpful. He assisted in both our arrival and departure. The staff acknowledge our re entry into the hotel both days on our many entries and departures. The bedding and the sleep was the best I have experienced anywhere! Truly a treasure in a location that keeps on giving!	
Jul 3 2008 	Fabulous location	What a fantastic location for the price of this cute boutique hotel. We stayed for six nights and found the location perfect for our many activities: heading for Starbucks for our morning coffee, walking on the shoreline for the fireworks from Navy Pier, strolling on the Magnificent Mile, getting CTA passes at Waterworks for our six days, catching a bus to the Science and Industry Museum, walking to the river, Grant Park, and the Chicago Art Institute (a very long walk), or heading up to the observation deck and the cocktail lounge of the John Hancock building late at night when no one else is there. Upon checking in, our friends ended up on the 15th floor; we ended up on the sixth. When I looked out our window I saw dirty towels in a huge basket. I immediately went down and requested a room on the same floor as our friends, and never returned to the 6th floor. We were given a two bed room which was fine with us. Our bags were moved immediately, no drama. This is not a view hotel, however, the roof top gives you a glance at the lake and an &quot;in your face&quot; view of the John Hancock building as it is right across the street. The beds were comfy, our room was always clean and ready for us at the end of the day, the business center is open 24 hours (which we needed for Oak Park reservations and the Chicago Architectural Foundation boat tour), and we found the staff cordial, helpful, and doing their jobs well- although we didn't need them except for a question or two. We did not eat here in the morning as we felt we wanted to walk for our breakfast rather than pay $15 a head for a continental breakfast.Starbucks became our morning destination. Cabs were hailed easily, the Chicago Transit Authority Red Line is a few blocks away, and the recommendation by the concierge for dinner at the Rosebud was excellent (albeit expensive but we loved it!)Only downside- a touch of soap residue on the shower corner, bumps in the floor from old wood underneath the rug, and a small glass shelf (too small to hold your sundries) in the bathroom. This was a disabled room, and our friends was too, so I am not sure if all rooms were equipped with grabrails etc... The shower is overhead, so if you are coiffed, it could be a problem for your hair- I washed mine everyday and loved it.This is not a full service hotel. It is all about location, location, location. If you are active (don't mind walking or using a power chair) and want to see the city, this is the place for you.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great Hotel	My family of 4 (Mom, Dad, 17 &amp; 12 year olds) just returned from our four night stay at the Raffaello and couldn't be happier with our accommodations. We got a great rate through Expedia and booked a grand suite, and the room that was assigned to us (405) looked just like the pictures on their website. The room was extremely clean and provided plenty of room for the four of us; our luggage; and our purchases. The only minor flaw, if you could call it that was that on our second day (Sunday), when we returned to our room around 4:00 p.m. -- it still had not been cleaned. The housekeeping crew came by shortly thereafter and I asked them just to haul off the dirty towels and provide clean ones -- which they did. Like all the reviews state, the location is great -- with a great place for breakfast across the street (Mrs. Park's Tavern); and Tempo (another great place for breakfast) just a short walk away. The bellmen were all very nice and friendly and went out of their way in greeting us by name. Additionally, the front desk staff also were very helpful to my 17 year old son by looking up information on the internet for him about various &quot;music&quot; stores and then printing out the information. We will definitely be back and have highly recommended this hotel to our friends.	
Jul 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel Great Location	Recently stayed at this hotel for our wedding anniversary. We live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago and wanted a weekend getaway that was close to home but was still in heart of everything Chicago has to offer. The hotel was very nice, staff was excellent and the location is great. Steps from North Michigan Ave and Water Tower. Easy walk or cab ride most anywhere downtown. Great experience.	
Jul 2 2008 	Good value location... but could improve	Stayed at the Rafaello Hotel in Chicago for 3 nights in a Deluxe Suite, just my wife and I for a long weekend.The Good: Modern decor, clean (for the most part), very friendly/helpful bellmen, awesome location - 1 block off Michigan at the John Hancock Center, ability to print out boarding passes for free in their business center, comfortable beds, easy to get a taxi.The OK: Decent breakfast food, seemingly indifferent front desk staff. Deluxe suite looked much larger in the pictures on their site. Sofa in sitting area was uncomfortable. We could hear people next door to us fairly easily.The Bad: Shower floor was disgusting with mildew growing in the corners. Shower glass only goes halfway to the wall, so water splashes all over the bathmat and floor. Thermostat was not working properly (could not adjust the temp), so we were cold most of the time. No free wireless internet.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great Stay	Got a great deal through Expedia, absolute steal for Chicago and not available directly so worth checking here.Hotel is lovely, will come hear again for sure. Staff were very very friendly and greeted us each time we came in and out of the hotel, the door men espeically were very chatty and informative. Rooms are gorgeous, very comfy beds, nice kitchenette area with large fridge, mini bar prices not too bad actually. Bathroom is huge complete with L'Ocatianne amenites which were very nice. Shower was superb, really can not fault this hotel. The location is great. In a quiet street but just 2 minutes from the Magnificent Mile and literally next door to John Hanckcok Tower. Also the beach is 2 blocks away. I might ask for at the front of the hotel next time though as there is a lot of extractors / fans at the back which were a bit noisy but i am a sensitive sleeper. The cheesecake factory is below the Hancock Tower, and although a chain, it was a great meal with superb service so if you want something local to the hotel, head there.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	I stayed at the Raffaello during a recent convention that I attended. I stayed for three nights, Saturday through Tuesday.It is a great small boutique hotel with many nice amenities. There was a flat panel HDTV in my room with a wide selection of cable channels, a fully stocked mini bar and snack tray with reasonable prices for a downtown city hotel. There were great bath amenities including terry robes and slippers and a huge rain drop shower that was very relaxing as well as high end soaps and shampoos. The room was spacious and the location near Michigan Ave and many fine shops and restaurants was convenient.I found that the staff understands how to provide that extra level of service. I arrived early on my check in day and my room was not yet ready so I went on to a business meeting. I had filled in my contact information upon check in and after my meeting I was having a coffee when I received an e-mail on my mobile device that my room was ready. Nice service!There are only two small elevators but both on the weekend and weekdays there was only a small wait for one to come along. There is no restaurant on site but many good restaurants in easy walking distance. There is a small buffet breakfast at the hotel of the typical powered eggs and bacon and muffins and fruit, etc. for $15.95 per day. There is also an Einstein bagel location just a few blocks away for a lighter breakfast and coffee for just a few dollarsThere is a $9.95 per day charge for Internet access which was my one complaint as many smaller hotels in other cities have done away with these nuisance charges.I would stay again.	
Jun 26 2008 	great location bad service	i was recently in Chicago on business for a few days and my company placed me at this hotel due to its locationThe location was perfect, but not much else. Service was lacking, starting at the door; four doormen and no one offered to help me with my bag as i entered the hotel....they all watched me and a co-worker struggle with heavy luggage as we made our way to check in!The room was average, and in need of a renovation; my television did not work and after some effort from the engineer was finally repaired (my co-worker's tv didn't work either); the carpeting was filthy i had to wear my socks the entire stay; there is also no room service- they do have breakfast, but it does not start until 7am (as I was rudely told by the front desk). This seems to be a common complaint from other reviewers.*the second day of my visit it was raining. i did not find an umbrella in my room and asked the 4 doormen standing around outside of the door- they pointed to the front desk. i then went to the front desk, she pointed to the doorman and told me to ask them....no one seemed to want to help me. i eventually extracted two umbrellas from the front desk after much effort and little interest from the attendant in helping us.there must be a real shortage of hotel rooms in Chicago for this place to stay in business the way it's being run. the only thing it has going for it is the location; needless to say, i will not stay here again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Perfect location	Located right next door to the John Hancock Observatory and the expensive shops, this is in the perfect location. All the staff were extremely helpful, and our room was great. Bed very comfortable and good size, HD cable, really good shower. I was a bit cautious after reading reviews of guests' belongings going missing, but I locked my suitcase up just in case, and was fine! Reception smells really good too!	
Jun 2 2008	Perfect Location to "Do Chicago" in all aspects!	We loved staying at the Raffaello Hotel! A friend had flown in from New Mexico and I drove down from Madison, WI. It was an easy location to get to for both of us, her via the metro from the airport, and me from the interstate. We were both impressed with the location. It enabled us to shop the magnificent mile, go to great restaurants, and &quot;do Chicago&quot; in a big way without ever incurring extra travel expenses via taxis. We were able to walk to just about anything we wanted to see.And as we were two women and out fairly late, we were appreciative of the busy, well lit, safe surroundings. We both agreed we would stay there again for our next Chicago trip and give it the highest ratings. We had previously stayed in several other hotels for our annual trip, but none were as well located to shop and see sights or as easy to reach. We would definitely give this the highest ratings.	
May 16 2008 	Great stay!	We just stayed for four nights in one of the Grand Suites with our 4 month old baby. Everyone was very accomodating and very nice from the front desk to the concierge. There was no bellmen in sight to help with luggage but because we were traveling light it wasn't a problem.Location can't be beat. Great places to eat (La Appetite located in front of the Hancock Center has great breakfast/sandwhiches)just around the corner and the hotel is just a few blocks from the Red Line (great to take to the Cubs game) and Magnificent Mile. A lot of taxi traffic so we never had a problem catching one to go anywhere else in town.Room itself was roomy but we did miss having a tub. Shower itself was very nice but the toilet was placed oddly in the bathroom but that's being awfully picky. Only other oddity was that the TV controller didn't work properly (would adjust volume when trying to change the channel and then would switch back to normal after a minute). Overall we loved the stay and wouldn't hesitate to book again.	
May 12 2008 	Fantastic Family Hotel in Great Location!	We just returned from a trip to Chicago for a wedding, where we stayed at the Raffaello Hotel. It was truly a wonderful experience. We were traveling with two small children, so I was worried that the staff would be unaccommodating to us and all our gear (double stroller/pack and play/etc.) as the hotel itself is very sleek and posh. It was exactly the opposite, from the doorman to the bellman to the front desk/concierge staff, everyone treated us so wonderfully. They even gave me a rose on Mother's Day and a small gift to our two year-old. The location could not be beat - one block from Michigan Avenue, and literally around the corner from other hotels that were twice the price. Our room was spacious, even luxurious, with many amenities. We opted for a suite given our two children, and there was plenty of room for all of us (and the babysitter during the wedding). I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and we will definitely be back!	
May 7 2008	Fabulous hotel in GREAT location	My mom and I recently did a mother-daughter weekend to the Windy City and stayed at the Raffaello. It was a wonderfully charming, unique, classy hotel and we couldn't have been happier with our stay and experience there. The staff was extremely friendly and efficient. We arrived at 10:00 AM and they waved the 4:00 PM check-in time so we could immediately get to our room. The rooms were very, very nice and they had an excellent shower with luxurious bath amenities. We had a stunning view of the John Hancock building from our spacious room. I have a bad back and I'm used to sleeping on a Tempur-Pedic bed, but their beds were extremely comfortable and they used high quality bedding and linens. The concierge was extremely helpful in guiding us with public transportation. We ended up with a cheaper rate booking directly through the hotel's website (cheaper than calling the hotel) using our Triple A membership, but www.travelocity.com, had some excellent rates for this hotel. Definitely worth checking out. Overall, we had a wonderful stay here and would definitely stay here again as well as recommend it to other travelers. The location cannot be beat.	
May 1 2008 	Nice Updated Boutique Hotel	I stayed at the hotel on Business over a weekend and partial work week. the hotel is very up dated with a freindly staff willing to help. They originally put me in a very small corner room, I should say extremely small (#1116). I asked the front desk about it and they put me into a regular size room. Very help full. On line it said they have a restaurant on premises, I didn't see one. I did see they provided room service but I didn't use it. Rooms have flat screen HD televisions and have all updated bathrooms (great showers). High speed internet with a business center. Small Continental breakfast seems to be free then you'll see a $15 charge per person when you check out. Location is right behind John Hancock Tower, 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. Also, there is a nice Hilton Hotel &quot;tavern&quot; just across the street that is open late for food or drinks. Great stay, great location, nice staff! Easy in and out to experience Chicago, seems to always have cab ready if needed!	
Apr 22 2008 	A Truly First Rate Five Star Hotel	My husband and I just recently returned from a business trip in Chicago. We stayed for four nights in one of the suites at the Raffaello. The hotel is beautiful, our room was large and spacious and the management and staff was impeccable. I am writing this specifically to tell of one incident. I am an apparel wholesaler and I had many samples with me. On the day we departed, three key samples went missing and I was naturally upset since these samples were crucial to my business. I was incredibly upset and showed that to the Assistant Manager as well as George, the General Manager. They treated my situation with the upmost grace and professionalism and offered to reimburse me for the samples or whatever was necessary to make me happy. When I returned to Los Angeles, I found the samples as they were mispacked in my personal belongings. Needless to say, I was horrified and ashamed. I called George to express my sincere and humble apologies and he was nothing but gracious. I have stayed at the finest hotels in the world and I can say with the absolute certainty that the Raffaello is one of them. Thank you to George and your staff for a terrific stay and for being so understanding. Best, Jacqueline Lee Rose, Class Showroom LLC, Los Angeles, California	
Apr 5 2008	Great location and intimate setting at boutique hotel The Raffaello	Several girlfriends and I were on a weekend trip to Chicago. The Raffaello was a fabulous location. We were accessible to all the great shopping and nightlife of the Magnificent Mile while being in a boutique hotel that was more private and quiet. The service was great and the room size very generous. We had a suite which allowed us to enjoy being in the room and did not force us to use it only for sleeping and getting dressed. We relaxed in the room with a bottle of wine between shopping and our dinner out. It was a great setting to connect with special people in your life while being in the heart of a vibrant city. In addition to enjoying my girl's weekend, I could see myself enjoying the hotel with my husband or on a family trip with our three kids. I highly recommend it.	
Mar 29 2008	Great Location and unique style for a hotel	Wonderful location and style. Being a smaller facility, you don't feel like your walking forever down the halls to get to your room. Wish there was a restaurant in the building. They also didn't provide a Sunday paper with the shopping ads - it is on the &quot;Mag Mile&quot;.Worth the stay.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great location and service	We stayed at the Raffaello over the Easter weekend and had a wonderful experience. The great location is obvious, but we also experienced a very helpful and friendly staff.My wife noticed her wedding ring was missing about 5 minutes after we left the hotel. We called the front desk and told them that we thought she had left it on the sink and would be coming back to retrieve it.It turned out that the ring was buried in her cosmetic bag and was not left at the hotel at all. We were gratified (and sheepish), however, that housekeeping in the meantime had started turning the room upside down in an attempt to find our lost property. We thanked them very much for their diligence. We also find the doormen to be friendly and engaging. When we called for our car at the end of the stay, it was ready immediately. I hope all of our hotel stays this year are as enjoyable as this past one.	
Mar 10 2008	If you want to risk this hotel lock everything up	During our honeymoon we stayed in this hotel. we have never being treated so poorly. We had brought lots of shopping during our stay, on the second day two shopping bags were removed from our room. when we brought this to the hotels attention, they said they would get the housekeeper to contact us first thing in the morning. When we had heard nothing by 10am, we then called the front desk and were told an investigation was taking place. Upon check out we enquired about the outcome, the investigation was still taking place. The front office manager, as the housekeeping manager was not on duty would call us before 5pm, before our flight would leave. We heard nothing.We called twice and left messages with the general managers phone upon returning home and eventually receieved a call back from the housekeeping manager, the investigation was complete and only empty bags were removed from the room. We asked to speak immediately to the general manager. He was to call me back, of course that never happend. we rang and eventually spoke with him, he all but called us liars and shouted down the phone at me and he ended the call by hanging up unexpectantly. We are utterly shocked that a senior person in a service industry could be so obviously rude.If wish to risk this hotel, lock everything up!	
Mar 6 2008	Shopping taken from our room	During our recent honeymoon we stayed at the hotel, on front inpression the hotel look fine for the price and location.Then two shopping bags were taken from our room.. When brought it to management's attention, we don't care attitude was sensed. We were treated like liars. Eventually (after four times contacting the hotel during our stay and 3 times after departure) we were told their investigation shows nothing was removed, the CCTV footage only showed empty bages being removed from the room.!!!!!The general manager ended up shouting and hanging up at me. Lock everthing away, if you want to risk it!	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Value	We had a great stay at the Raffaello. This is a small, recently refurbished, boutique hotel with a fantastic location and a great rate for the area (next door to the Water Tower Mall, The 900 Shops, Hancock building, and Michigan Ave.). The hotel was clean, well maintained, and our room was spacious and well outfitted. We had extra towels (without asking), and the hotel and housekeeping staff were attentive to our needs. The bathroom was of modern decor in mosaic tile and glass. We also had a great view from our room.On a separate note, while this hotel does offer a nicely equipped gym and spa services (no pool), there is no onsite bar or restaurant. The hotel does offer in-room breakfast service and is near other bars and restaurants. I understand that the hotel is adding on-site dining in the near future. Additionally, there are only two (very small - 4-6 ppl capacity max or 3 ppl + luggage) elevators for the entire hotel, so elevator service could be slow during busy times.We couldn't have been happier with our stay at the Raffaello and would definitely recommend it to our friends and family or couples or singles looking for comfortable, affordable, and well appointed accomodations in a great location.	
Feb 25 2008 	Crooks and Liars	I discourage everyone from ever going to this hotel.This is what happened to me:When I arrived I was quite impressed with the rooms, the locations and many other things. The hotel really is very nice - it's the people who work there that I worry about!On my last day there I forgot a considerable amount of money in the pocket of the hotel bathrobe - my fault, very stupid thing to do! I remembered about the money when I was already at the airport. I called the hotel and the housekeeper assured me that she would call the laundry company and make sure they look through the pockets before putting the robes in the wash. I called a few hours later and the receptionist told me that the money had been found and the laundry company employee was going to bring it to the hotel. When I called the next morning, the hotel manager said that only one third of my money was brought back. I called the laundry company and they faxed me a receipt confirming that the hotel manager had received all of the money. When I called the general manager to complain he said to me: &quot;I'm going to be blunt, what you did is a stupid thing and the hotel doesn't take any responsibility for your money because you already checked out&quot;. I have of course since hired a lawyer and those crooks will hear from him soon. But I just want to emphasize that apart from taking the money, the managers tried to blame the laundry company for it.To sum up - if you go to the Rafaello you'll find a beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. But there is simply no way of knowing for sure that these liars aren't going to steal from you as well.	
Feb 25 2008 	The Raffaello was a great surprise!	Stayed at the Raffaello for 2 nights. They really have done a nice job withe the renovations. I stayed here 4+ years ago and swore I would never return--it was a dump, and was in dire need of renovations.From the moment we arrived, I was very pleased. The service we received form the doorman and front desk was excellent. Very pleasant and helpful.Had a lovely room (it was quite large, and after looking at the floorplan of the hotel, we did have one of the larger rooms--it was a corner room--1202). Our room had a flat screen TV, large desk, 2 VERY comfy beds. I would say the room was much larger than most I have stayed in in Chicago in this price range. We had a microwave, fridge (honor bar), and coffee maker. There was also a large vanity area. Very small closet. The bathroom was very spacious and nicely appointed. Large walk-in shower with rainfall shower head. Robes available in room.The only complaint I had was the housekeeping service. On our first morning, we left around 10am to shop and have lunch. We returned around 2pm and our room had not yet been attended to. They came while we were there, and had them return when we departed again.We paid $160 on Quikbook and I was very pleased with the quality. And, of course, the location is EXCELLENT!Would definitely return!	
Feb 24 2008 	Still dealing w/billing issues 5 months later	I enjoyed my stay given that the location was nice and room was nice. However, I am still dealing with billing issues 5 months later due to the fact that they charged over $1000 on my amex for a one night stay. Am not happy about how it is being handled. Book hotel with caution!!!	
Feb 16 2008	Beware of this hotel!	Beware of booking at this hotel. They have an incredibly stringent 72 HOUR cancellation notice, no restaurant in the hotel, and a 4pm check-in, all of which I have never run into at any other hotel.	
Feb 15 2008 	Still waiting	While the hotel is quite nice, the room was spacious and well decorated, its in desperate need of a restaurant. My main issue though is that its been over two weeks and theres still a hold on my debit card. I've called three times and each time they say its been refunded and they've faxed the info to my credit company, each time i call my credit company they say they haven't received it. I stay at hotels every couple months and have never had this problem, so i find it hard to believe its my credit company. At this point i'm just going to wait the 90 days for it to come off on its own. Wouldn't stay here again or recommend it.	
Feb 4 2008	GREAT hotel with a 'Boutique' feel	What an unexpected surprise!Usually stay at the Peninsula Hotel, but due to a booking snafu there, ended up at the Raffaello.Without a doubt, this is my new, FAVORITE hotel in Chicago!Down a quiet street right off the main part of downtown, everything at the Raffaello is absolutely designed to please.Lush, comfortable bedding, well designed room, and a hotel staff that truly knows the meaning of quality service.I was struck particularly by the quiet of the room, and overall, of the hotel.Polite, knowledgable door personnel are unobtrusive, but ever so ready to please.Competent, friendly polished front desk staff make this property a great choice and alternative to the other hotel 'behemoths' of Chicago.The mini-bar was stuffed with pricey items.Had the feeling of an upscale, London hotel.I would endorse the Raffaelo heartily to any visitor in Chicago.	
Jan 23 2008 	Loved the Staff and Location	Stayed two weeks at The Raffaello in a one bedroom suite. The suite was large and came with a queen bed in the bed room and a fold down murphy bed in the living room, with two flat lcd TVs. in each room. The decor was modern and clean but the bathrooms were a little on the small side. Room also had a coffee pod machine the coffee was awful and the in room fridge was full of over priced goodies. The staff was extremely help full and polite, the door men Neil, Jordan and Robert were always there to help us with directions and carried my shopping bags up to my room. Had a great relaxing time I will stay there again!	
Jan 22 2008 	Cozy and Convenient	Visited Chicago this past weekend in the deep freeze, but Raffaello came to the rescue. This hotel is unlike many of the other hotels I've stayed it since it is fairly small. However, it was charming and conveniently located.My girlfriend and I booked on Expedia for 4 days over the MLK holiday weekend. This hotel is about a $35 cab ride from O'Hare, so if transfers are included, take them. When we arrived, the area looked deserted, as we are only two block away from Lake Michigan, and arrived late Friday evening. Check in was the fastest I have ever experienced. Our room was on the 6th floor overlooking another building, which wasn't fabulous, but the room was very nice. Clean, fairly roomy, and nicely decorated. The bathroom was very large with a new shower, plenty of L'Occitane toiletries, and a vanity area. Minimalistic was the look. There were two double beds, two closets and a small chest of drawers. There was a mini bar with snacks, but be advised that this hotel DOES NOT STOCK ALCOHOL in the mini-bar. There is a Walgreens not far away on Michigan avenue if you don't want to pay $6 for a water. Obviously, every hotel mini bar is a rip off so this is not a complaint. There was a flat screen TV, but from my bad it was hard to change the channel because of the angle. A little annoying, but not a big deal. We got a paper every morning, the maid staff never barged in on you at some ungodly hour, and there were plenty of towels. The gym was small (only about 3 treadmills, 2 EFX and two bikes) but they had some weights and the resistance balls. Was never really that crowded. The business center had about 5 computers and a printer. Access for internet about 8.95 for an hour. Didn't get to enjoy the breakfast at all, but there is no restaurant in hotel for anything but breakfast.Two blocks away is Michigan Ave (much like NY's 5th avenue). VERY close walk. They are across from the John Hancock tower (a MUST-see, great view of the city, but only if you like heights) and there is a great restaurant called Bistro 110 close by off Michigan Ave,. Great brunch with a French Flair and live music.Overall, a great quiet hotel with access to the shops and restaurants. In the summer it is probably also a great choice since it is close to the beach and not too far from Navy Pier. Staff is very kind and the hotel itself was reasonable and close to all. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 8 2008	Magnificent hotel in Chicago: The Raffaello	The hotel is so conveniently located to the magnificent shoppings along Michigan Ave. Interior decor of the hotel is so luxurious and elegant. Service is excellent. I will defintely stay in Rafaello whenever I have to be in Chicago.	
Jan 8 2008 	Stylish and comfortable	Two of us spent a week here, having gotten a great last minute deal online. We were very impressed with their refurbishment and staff we encountered were polite, helpful and friendly. Having read other reviews on the non-inclusive and pricey breakfast, we decided to eat out (food in room, though abundant was also greatly over-priced, but the same can be said for most hotels). The facilities and location make this hotel a winner though - the little touches like a fruitbowl, earphone covers, hand sanitiser and towels in the gym were great! And if you're going to Chicago to shop, you really couldn't be in a better place - the famous John Hancock skyscraper is about 2doors away! Overall a great experience, would return to the Raffaello any time.	
Jan 7 2008	Walk to everything-nice room	Great service, Upscale boutique hotel. My room had a urban kitchen and a living area-almost like my own little condo in the Gold Coast.	
Jan 1 2008 	loved the Raffaello	Great hotel--terrific location 1 block from lakefront and Michigan Ave. Contemporary decor--done very well--in a vintage building. Big room with terrific bed and linens. I loved the decor--new furniture and very clean. The bathroom was great--big walk-in glass shower plus a nice vanity. The room has a small bar/fridge/microwave in the same furniture as the rest of the room. Classy place for a good price. I used miles to buy the room but I think the normal rate is around $200. Go here versus the Drake or Knickerbocker nearby where you pay a fortune and get &quot;lost&quot; in the huge crowds. The hotel's valet parking is expensive at $40--I recommend self-parking within 1 block of the hotel for half the price. We will definitely go back!	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Location!	We stayed at the Raffaello for 2 nights to do Christmas shopping in Chicago. You can't beat the location right off Michigan, and around the corner from the Hancock tower. Also, we checked in and we were told we booked a king, but they were out of king beds. I expected the worse, but the clerk said, &quot;So we've upgraded you to a deluxe king suite instead.&quot; Wow!! That was great service. The restaurant isn't done yet, but we knew this going in and didn't plan on eating in the hotel anyway. I would definitely stay here again - the staff was pleasant and polite, hotel was clean and had great upgrades in the room (finishes, flat screen TVs, rain head shower, etc).	
Dec 24 2007 	A Wonderful Boutique Hotel	After reading several reviews of the Raffaello Hotel we decided to take a chance and book a room for a 4 day stay. We found the Raffaello to be a wonderful choice. The location really can't be beat. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were spacious and well appointed. It was the dead of winter and very snowy and cold outside. The rooms were heated nicely and thanks to the location we never had far to walk. The only thing we wished the Raffaello had was a restaurant and a bar. You will have to leave the hotel for that. Oh and the elevators are very tiny. Well worth the price. We will definitely return to the Raffaello.	
Dec 7 2007 	Continental Breakfast is misleading	The Hotels.com description of this property indictated that there would be continental breakfast and although not specifically stated that it was included it did not say for a fee as the internet service did. When you see continental breakfast available in a description and it lists only a few items you assume that it is included NOT $15/pp. Definately NOT worth $15/pp. Just be warned. Hotels.com should fix their description as I was not the only customer that got the wrong impression.	
Nov 14 2007 	Cool Cozy and Convenient	I recently stayed at the Raffaello hotel in Chicago for a work related convention and based on the quality of my stay, am compelled to post my sincere compliments. I stayed for 3 nights in one of the suites on the 8th floor and was thoroughly impressed by the room’s layout and the sleek décor. My wife accompanied me on this trip and she loved not only the convenience of the hotel’s location to the shopping on Michigan Ave, but also the quality of the room. She found the bed so comfortable that she was conflicted on whether to leave to shop or just stay in, shopping won out eventually but she did mention that it was a close decision! My trip involved an evening dinner function and the convenience of the separate vanity from the bathroom was critical in letting both of us prepare unrushed for the event. Given the room’s sleek décor we would have no reservations to invite friends up for an evening nightcap. Although we did not have an opportunity to do this I was tempted so that I could show off my room! My colleagues were all staying at the mega-hotel that was hosting the work-related convention and were rather envious given my description of the Raffaello. My wife and I loved it and look forward to staying at the Rafaello again, perhaps for a casual weekend getaway to Chicago. My sincere compliments to the Rafaello staff who were very accommodating. I look forward to visiting Chicago again and to staying at the Raffaello when I do.	
Nov 2 2007 	Good stay	One night at the Raffaello, quick business trip. Room was fully renovated, bed very comfortable, bathroom fixtures very modern. As this was a quick trip I didn't have much time to check out the hotel - the lobby seemed very small though.Excellent location off Michigan Avenue down the street from the Four Seasons where my meetings were.I'd stay here again.	
Oct 24 2007	Disappointing service from staff	Although the location and room was spectacular, a few things stuck in our minds after leaving. Staff seemed uninterested to be working there, and lacked info about questions such as when and where to catch the airport shuttle. No thanks, no see you again was given when we checked out, and they claimed they had roomservice, but didn't, and later on found out it was only breakfast room service. When we asked for a plunger to fix our toilet, they brought it up and handed it to us, and expected us to fix our own toilet. And most weird of all, housekeeping woke us up each morning with a knock on the door saying, &quot;housekeeping&quot;, even on the day we were to check out! I would not stay at this hotel again, there are many more nearby that would be just as nice location wise.	
Oct 19 2007 	Fell in Love with Raffaello!	I booked at the Raffaello through a recommendation from one of my friends who travels on business. It seems I came during a convention time, and even though the rate was high it was well worth it. From the moment I checked in the staff was great, especially the bellman and night front desk staff. The lobby is beautiful, reminds me of a small european hotel i stayed at when backpacking through Europe. The rooms were a nice size and the decor is very nice. I loved the showers and beds. It was the best sleep I have had in a while. The location was great for shopping and restaurants. Signature Room is right next door for drinks and the best view in the city. I would definitely recommend this to busniess and leisure travelers alike!!	
Oct 12 2007 	Urban Chic - Fantastic Location!	We booked our room on hotwire.com and got a great deal. However, when we checked in-the hotel had no record of our reservation. Obviously it was no fault of their own but they were very accomodating and made sure that the issue was resolved without incident. The room was beautiful, clean and updated-Very chic and urban. The mini bar was amazing (even though I didn't splurge) it was completely stocked with a wide variety of tempting snacks and drinks. The location is superb! It is conveniently located between the John Hancock building and the lakeshore, right on the Gold Coast. I highly recommend this hotel and for the steal we got, I would try hotwire again. It was worth it!	
Oct 4 2007 	Hmm..Location great hotel could do better	As location goes, you can't beat this hotel for Magnificent Mile shopping and John Hancock Tower. Unfortunately we arrived to a cloud of dust at the front door as the construction is still ongoing. On the plus side, we got access to the hotel earlier than normal which was great but on arrival to the large suite (we paid $490 through the hotel's own website) there was a mop in the bedroom, no toilet paper and empty cigarette packet and crisps on the floor in the living area-maybe we chased the cleaner out before they'd finished?! Decor was nice and new, the bed comfy but no free internet? Lesson learnt- check convention timetables before travelling to Chicago last minute to avoid paying over the odds for hotels!	
Sep 21 2007 	excellent stylish and good value	This excellent hotel deserves a better ranking, and will likely get one now that the renovations are complete, or nearly so. We selected it based on price and location but were very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the place. We booked just a week ahead of time through Expedia (I think) and paid about $190 per night, all in. Our room (#1609 which was a suite) had clearly been renovated recently and to a very high standard. Great bed, really good linens, two LCD flat panel TV's, lots of nice touches including granite countertops and a stainless steel microwave (that we actually used to heat up some Chicago deep dish), iron and ironing board, and a stylish bathroom (shower only). The room was quiet and clean. We neither saw nor heard any evidence of the renovations, except that everything appeared new. I see some of the postings mention not-so-good service but our service was great. The &quot;front desk&quot; is just that, a simple two-person podium, a refreshing change from those long monolithic reception counters found in most hotels. I don't hesitate to recommend the place. Also recommend Bistro Campagne out in Lincoln Square (about 25 mins by cab).	
Sep 18 2007 	Very Happy With Our Choice of The Raffaello Hotel!	When I was looking for a place to stay in the city, I googled hotels near Michigan Avenue so we could walk right to the shopping and sights. We picked The Raffaello after looking at their website. The pictures were right on! The hotel is absolutely beautiful, having been recently renovated. Loved the new decor! It was clean and there were snacks and beverages in the room if you so choose to purchase, which is convenient. The staff was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. Our king sized bed was so comfortable, we had a great night's sleep! The price was right too, so much less than the Westin which was right across the street and we thought it was just as nice. Someone mentioned that the elevators were a problem. The elevators were small but we never waited long for them. It was not a problem for us. We were at the hotel on a Monday and Tuesday and it was not crowded like it might be on a weekend. We do like to have a cocktail in the evening, there is no lounge here but you could go right across the street to the Westin where there is a cocktail lounge and restaurant. Also, directly across the street is a quaint restaurant called Mrs. Park's Tavern - - we ate a delicious breakfast there. We loved the location of The Raffaello because it was within walking distance of the things we wanted to see. Another wonderful restaurant you should definately try, also within walking distance, is QUARTINO, which is on North State Street. If you are looking for delicious italian and wonderful wines, you will find it at Quartino and you'll be so glad you gave it a try! The food was fresh, delicious and it was served very different than you would expect. I have to mention that the Shrimp Risotto and warm home-made zeppolis dipped in warm honey or chocolate were to die for! The restaurant is huge with a great decor! The bathroom's are newly decorated &quot;retro&quot; - it brought me back to my italian grandmother's house! If you choose the Raffaello Hotel for a stay inside the city, one block over from Michigan Avenue (The Magnificant Mile), and within walking distance to lots of other sights, including the beautiful &quot;green&quot; Lake Michigan, I think you'll be happy with this choice, we were!I would also like to add that the people of Chicago are very friendly, we talked to many people that were more than happy to share with us good places to visit. It is a wonderful city to visit.	
Sep 10 2007 	Unreliable reservations	We booked a suite at this hotel a couple months in advance for our wedding night. We asked that the reservation be flagged as our wedding night in hopes that we wouldn't have any hiccups. Had a confirmation number and everything so didn't anticipate any problems. When we got there around midnight (in our wedding clothes), the front desk told us our room was no longer available (with no explanation). Also told us that the only room they had left was a double/double ( no king beds available). We almost left and went back to our apartment, but were too tired and since they agreed to comp the room we just stayed at the hotel. The double beds are so small and uncomfortable that we ended up sleeping in separate beds. Needless to say, we were disappointed but did get a laugh out of the whole experience.	
Sep 6 2007	Great stay at the Raffaello	We got a great deal on our stay at the Raffaelo on a Sunday night. We had two rooms on the 16th floor that had a view of the John Hancock building. One of the rooms was a great corner room with windows on two sides. The room was beautiful and clean. The room was large and the bed was a plus - very comfortable and great sheets. Our room was very cool but we were able to turn down the air conditioner. I stayed very comfortable under the down comforter on the bed. We walked across the street to a restaurant named Mrs. Park's and had a great breakfast. The location was great and we had goodservice from all the staff. The front desk people were efficient, the concierge made a dinner reservation for us and the doorman was lots of fun to be around. Even the maids made conversation with us when we saw them in the hallways. We got GREAT value for our money.	
Aug 27 2007	Not Worth the Price... Benefits From it's Location	this is just a average hotel... there is noting spectacular about it, to command the price they charge.... i had a gift certificate from teavelocity... and it was valid for 2 nights any room, so i picked the most expensive room.. this hotel and stayed in their grand suite, i was a little disappointed to say the leastthe advantages of this hotel is ?________________________________________________2 flat screen tv's and dvd player (bring your own movies)the neighborhood is the best in chicago, it's directly across the street from water tower place and a block from john hancock bldgthe disadvantages are?_____________________________no resturantno swimming poolcharges $ 40 a day 4 parking2 small elevators, that even the bellboys have to use, so if u want to avoid this, stay on a lower level floor and take the stairsthe shower head is not adjustable. so if u are over 6 ft be ready to squat downthe bed was very very hard and uncomfortablethe view i had on the 24th floor was a view of a back alley with garbage dumptstersthere is no resturant on sitecharges for computer access, and its not even in your room, u have to go on another floor to use their computerscharges $ 10 bucks for a continental breakfast of coffee and muffins ( the previous hotel before the name change offered the same thing 4 free)has a mini bar fridge but it is loaded with $ 3.00 candy bars and $ 4.00 small 8 oz sodas....when a hotel is charging $ 350.00 a night for their best room in this area you expect something for the money..... i stayed here because it was free, but this hotel got paid regardless( it just was not from me )this hotel benefits from its location..... and i can see why they were the only hotel in the area with rooms during my stay... even though the Lalalpalooza music festival was going on a 1/2 mile away at grant park---	
Aug 24 2007	Classic boutique	RECOMMENDED. Tony boutique hotel just behind John Hancock building, prime location. Booked via Hotwire. Checkin uneventful. 12th floor room, quiet, but very small, #xx06, this is not a room to get stuck in with 2 people for an afternoon. Room sizes due vary, assume I got small one because of the Hotwire. Very nice amentities, Bedding extremely comfortable and nice decor. Bathroom hi-tech, well illuminated, but quite small again, Classic boutique and a good overall experience. Didnt eat in hotel, numerous nearby choices for all hours.	
Aug 19 2007 	Nice Hotel..Service Needs Tweaks	Got a great deal on this hotel. Pictures depicted hotel precisely. Beautiful rooms, nice ambience. We arrived early (1pm)..were told to preregister and come back later to get keys. We killed about 2 hours got back around 3:00 and were again told that housekeeping was still working on room but would be done in about 20 minutes. Checked back 30 minutes later..there was a new girl at the desk...which when she checked our first assigned room immediately looked and found another room to book us in. The room was fantastic...but the tv and phone were not working properly..called the front desk...they immediately sent someone and it was fixed (it was a minor glitch). We stayed 4 days..found the employees were very nice..particularly the doormen who seemed to go out of there way to be kind, friendly and helpful. The girls behind the front desk seemed a bit inexperienced,..were nice but didnt seem to understand that in a four star hotel..you need to MAKE SURE your guests are satisfied....when problems or questions came up there seemed to be this indifference. ..We also had an issue with one of the night managers in which we had an issue with construction on the floor above us..he did apologize and offer us a free night..Would definitely give the Raffaello another try....love the location, the building , the rooms and amenities they just need to get some expereinced help.	
Aug 4 2007	Great room Great location Poor service	My daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of July. Overall, the room was great and the location was better, but the service was indifferent at best. Towels were missing from our room one day and coffee the next. Phone calls to the front desk did correct these problems. The front desk personnel were pleasant, but not terribly helpful. We really liked the evening doormen. However, the morning we checked out, no one offered to help us load our luggage into our car. I was rather surprised. Also, the lack of a restaurant is unfortunate.	
Jul 30 2007	Great service	I just wanted to take a moment to let you know how much your doorman, Robert, helped us out. My friends and I visited Chicago last weekend to celebrate a birthday. As soon as we checked into your hotel, Robert was at our service. It was our first visit to the city and he was more than happy to assist us with directions and recommendations all weekend. One member of our party was disabled and Robert went above and beyond to make sure we had accessible transportation whenever we needed it. He is an excellent member of the service industry and made our trip enjoyable and memorable. Thank you	
Jul 30 2007 	Trifecta of Location Price and Room Trumps Poor Service	We just returned from a weekend at the Raffaello Hotel in Chicago. I booked through Hotwire over a month in advance, and got a really good deal (under 150/night) at the Raffaello. After having read some of the reviews here, though, I was a bit nervous about staying at this hotel. We arrived around 11 am, figuring we could at least check our bags. Check in is at 4 pm, and we were initially told to return then - but the concierge told us we could come back at 2 and a room would probably be ready. This was fine - we did some sightseeing and then returned. The room was not yet ready; however the bellman had already brought out our bags and so they had to be rechecked. No problem so far. We came back at 4 and check in itself went smoothly - however they had lost our bags. After some frantic searching in different employees' offices, they were finally located. It's this kind of disinterested service ethos that really brings the Raffaello down - it's the level of service one would expect from a college town Days Inn. The employees at the Raffaello are affable enough, but they really don't want to concern themselves with any problems or questions guests may have - they seem to universally want guests to just go away and leave them alone. Lousy service aside, the room itself was as pictured - quite lovely actually. Bed was great - tv was nice - all were up to snuff. Location can't be beat for the price - right off Michigan Ave. behind the Hancock building. I would probably still stay here again - I just wouldn't check my bags with them. If they find a way to work out the service kinks this could be quite a nice hotel. FYI - they charge 40 bucks a day for valet parking - and all they do is drive your car to the deck across the street. You can self park there for $23 for 24 hours.	
Jul 25 2007 	Room looked exactly like the one on the website!	My family and I stopped at the Raffaello for two nights in mid July. Overall the rooms costs approx. 100 pounds per night. for a double. Considering the price of British hotels, we thought that the hotel was extremely good value for money.I think that for the first time ever, I can say that the room was stayed in look almost exactly the same as the ones shown on the website. Normally this never happens. We all thought our rooms were fantastic. The decor was beautiful and luxurious ... and most of all spacious (we were in room 812 ... my brother was in an even bigger one). Maybe we were just lucky, I'm not sure. The decor and furniture was very modern and tasteful.I thought the shower was fantastic, but at 5 7&quot;, I only just fit underneath it. My boyfriend struggled, and we were unaware that it was adjustable (no instructions).The location is great, just a block away from the John Hancock building and the Magnificent Mile (shoppers beware - you will spend a fortune). Plus only a couple of blocks from the lake. We didn't really have any problems with the staff, but then we didn't have much cause to use them. However, with only a small check-in desk and lobby, I imagine that it could get crowded and busy at times. They did try and charge us drinks from the minibar which we hadn't drunk, but it was cleared up quickly.Breakfast was a bit of a disappointment. I asked at the desk the night we checked in where they could recommend to go, and they pointed to the place across the street under the Hilton. It was only the desk morning after making plans to eat there that we discovered they offered a continental breakfast buffet. I thought that it was slightly odd that the staff didn't mention it. We breakfasted at the hotel the day after - it was ok but not worth $10.Other than this, our stay was very pleasant indeed. I would stop here again and also recommend friends to stop here too.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great Value	We did not expect much from the hotel since we paid $200 for the night in downtown Chicago. That did not include the parking, which was $40 per day, with in and out priveleges. It was listed as a 4 star hotel on Hotwire, but the other 4 star hotels in the area were $300/night and up. We decided to take a chance and save the $100 bucks for a nice dinner at Hugo's. Overall, we were pleasantly surprised, but there were a couple negative surprises as well.The hotel is right behind the John Hancock building. During check in we were getting nervous because two different people came down to complain about problems with their room. Both got a different room. We had no problems with our room. The room and bath were very clean, and everything worked. We were missing towels, which were delivered later.The room decor was simple and modern with neutral colors. The beds were very comfortable with down comforters and lots of pillows. There was no view to speak of, but we were only on the 5th floor. There was a large flat screen TV and a DVD player. Bring your own DVDs because on demand movies are $15. There is not much else to watch, since there are only 8 TV channels.Call for your car at least 15 minutes before you need it, and make sure the front desk gets the number right. We ended up getting the wrong car, and had to wait another 15 minutes. The doorman was really nice, and went out of his way to help us.House keeping came knocking at 8:00 in the morning, and returned several times afterwards. There was no do not disturb sign in the room. The front desk had to send one up.For the money, for the location, and for the night, it was a great place to stay. You definitely need to take lack of hotel ammenities into consideration, especially for a longer stay.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good hotel but don't depend too much on the service	Got a great deal on a room at the Raffaello and overall was quite happy with the hotel. The location is terrific, the decor is nice, the amenities are more than adequate, and the room was clean and a decent size. The only issues we encountered were service-related. Although all the staff members we interacted with were extremely friendly and tried to be helpful, we encountered a few problems ranging from a wake-up call that never happened to incorrect telephone directions to the hotel from a location less than 10 blocks away. I also overhead a couple at the front desk dealing with the hotel having somehow &quot;lost&quot; their luggage. Anyways, although I would still recommend the hotel overall, I would probably also recommend not relying heavily on the staff for stuff like wake up calls, just in case!	
Jul 23 2007 	Rough around the edges	My husband booked our room (a suite) through the hotel's website and paid $268/night. We were allowed to check in early and told that our room was ready. At first glance, the hotel and our room seemed very nice, but after being inside a few minutes we realized that there were a few problems. First of all, housekeeping had done an incomplete job of making the room ready. There was a towel on the floor of the sitting area, a handful of change on the table, and somebody else's eyeglasses on the shelf in the bathroom. We flipped through the hotel's service guide and found out that there is no restaurant (despite having a section in the guide for restaurant). The shower was too low for my husband (who is 6'0), and he had to bend down to shower. (Contrary to what another person posted to this site, our shower was not height-adjustable, unless you count the hand wand.) The HDTV's (one in sitting area and one in the bedroom) were not equipped with HD programming, so the image always had that &quot;stretched&quot; look to it. The continental breakfast was included in our package rate, otherwise we would not have eaten there. ($10pp for cold cereal and a selection of baked goods - none stellar - seems a bit much.)On the plus side, the bed was extremely comfortable, the furnishings were lovely, and we had no problems whatsoever with the staff (always seemed very courteous). The location was excellent for anyone hoping to spend time on Michigan Avenue or Oak Street Beach.Overall, we just expected more for the money. The hotel is nice but still needs to work out some kinks.	
Jul 20 2007	Horrible front-desk service	The room was okay--not great, but passable--but the front-desk staff was unbelievably poor. I could list numerous oversights and examples of incompetence, but I'll only mention the worst. Even though I fully prepaid for the hotel reservation through an online booking service, the hotel's front-desk staff erroneously charged my credit card for the entire stay, as well. It has been nearly a month, and I'm still waiting for the credit to my account that they tell me they've processed. That's only the most egregious of a long list of problems, ranging from refusing to send up additional towels, mischarging for valet parking, you name it. In a city full of nice hotels, there's no good reason to take a gamble with this one.	
Jul 20 2007 	Had a great stay	We stayed at the Raffaello for a long weekend getaway and enjoyed it very much. Contrary to other reviews, we found the staff to be very friendly and accomodating. We arrived early and while the room was not available yet, they checked our bags and we went to get lunch. They called within about a half hour to let us know that it was ready. They also checked our bags again upon checkout as our flight was not until the evening. And they had umbrellas to loan on a rainy day. The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet as others have stated. We actually liked the rain shower showerhead and my boyfriend is 6'2&quot; and had no problem with it. (it is adjustable) Others have complained about the size of the rooms and we also had the smallest room on the floor but it was plenty big for the both of us. The location of the hotel is great. We did not rent a car and had no problem getting where we needed to go on the buses and trains. Overall our stay was very pleasant, however there were a few cons. The blower on the AC was a little weak in our room. Most of the time it was comfortable but there were times when we wished we could get it a little cooler in the room. Also, I feel that with all the hotels that offer free internet and continental breakfast, it's just greedy to charge $10/day for either. Although I do think they offer free internet in the business center. Like others, we went across the street to the Hilton for a hot breakfast for about the same price. We would consider staying here again.	
Jul 19 2007 	Fantastic!	My husband and I lived in Chicago for two years (2005-2007) and stayed in this hotel for our last two nights after our apartment was packed and moved. We LOVED it. It is behind the Hancock Building/Water Tower Place and just two blocks from Michigan Ave. The room was small (I think we had the smallest one on the floor by looking at the map on the door) but it was extremely nice and well furnished. All the furniture was very nice and seemed new. We had a flat screen tv in the room, king size bed with pillow top padding, tons of pillows (which is a pet peeve when hotels only give you two!), granite counter tops, wonderful bathroom...etc. I don't know if the hotel offers breakfast, but it doesn't offer any other food. But you are in Chicago...best food in the world! Don't eat at your hotel....such a waste. For food, don't just stay downtown. Eat in Lincoln Park, Gold Coast...etc. You will get to see what Chicago is really like. As a side note. The hotel says it has parking, but doesn't mention that its at least $20 a day and $40 if you want to get your car more than once a day. I recommend driving around the block until you find street parking...hard during the day, but easier early morning or after 5pm.	
Jul 16 2007	Good rooms Terrible Service	Where to start. Well, the check in was difficult at best. My wife and I booked our room through travelocity and had our confirmation number and had no problems. The couple we were with did the same but even with their confirmation number they were told they did not have a reservation. It took 30 minutes to sort that out. THe front desk staff is clueless at best. You can certainly tell they are a young property in that they lack any kind of customer service. While we were going through this ordeal, the concierge did nothing to help out anyon of the many people waiting in line behind us. Considering they were queueing up right in front of his desk and he was flipping through a magazine, that seemed pretty thoughtless. It is evident they need to get a good manager in there to get a handle on the staff or this place will not last as a hotel. My wife and I were very pleased with our room once we got it. despite being on the second floor, we heard no lobby noise and nothing from the hallway. THe showers are awkward in that they do not have doors that close and the showerheads are the sprinkle type instead of jets. Additionally they are mounted so if you are taller than 5'8&quot; you are going to have a terrible time in there. The one other complaint I have is the room seemed to have two air conditioning units. One was controlled by wall switch and the other had no control whatsoever. Now I like cold rooms, but this was an ICE BOX. Asking the front desk to fix this for the three days we were there was fruitless. There is no restaurant on site and there is not even a small convenience type store to pick up a few things. All in all, I would not stay there again simple for the fact there are hotels just as nice in the same price range that are full service.	
Jul 9 2007 	Very disappointed	I booked a deluxe room for a three night stay, and when I got there the first night, it was overbooked. The night staff was completely useless. I was bumped down to a double, and I wasn't even able to get money back because they claimed they did not know how much I paid for the room because I paid for it online, even though I had booked it through their own website! After a bit of haggling, I decided to give the place a chance. I was tired, and sucked it up for one night, and got bumped back up the next two nights. Turned out to be a bad idea! The elevators are extremely small and there are only 2. My advice, if you somehow end up having to stay here, is to request a room on the lower floors and just walk it. The rooms are ok. Though some people have mentioned that the amenities are great, I can not say that I was impressed. Overall, I would not have been too dissatisfied, until I found out that they ended up overcharging me. Being that they couldn't tell me how much my room charges were, I had to find out via my credit card bill. And this was after I had made sure that I would not incur any extra charges for my room fiasco! Final words: Very incompetent staff.	
Jul 2 2007 	never again!	Our experience was unpleasant. The hotel rom a/c was not working properly, the rooms were without internet connection and the elevators (tiny as they were) were reduced to intermittant service due to mechanical problems. When we asked for late checkout in order to find another outlet for internet service in order to complete a work assignment, the front desk mamager was gruff and repeatedly only offered a 1 pm checkout. There are many hotels in the neighborhood. Look elsewhere and save yourself some difificulty!	
Jun 6 2007 	Great experience!	It's a lovely hotel, my husband, me and my family have a wonderful time staying at this hotel.Pros: The rooms are big and trendy.Newly renovated.Quiet at night time.Nice size bathroom, but not enough counter space.Friendly staff.Comfy bed. Prompt service.Just two blocks from Mag. Mile.Nice toiletries -- Gilchrist &amp; SoamesCons: Trouble with the telephone network. The message light on the phone was blinking the entire time at my family's room. Try to call the front desk to solve this problem, but kept redirecting to room service. There is no restaurant inside the hotel. I booked this hotel at the hotel's website, and I used my AAA card to get extra discount. It was such a sweet deal!	
Jun 5 2007	loved the Raffaello!	This hotel is a real find in Chicago - 1 block from Magnificent Mile and very close to the Water Tower Visitors' Center, where you can get all info. on public transportation, museums, etc. Chicago is a great walking town, but it is nice to be able to catch a bus or subway (both close to hotel) to another neighborhood (like the Loop, millenium park, or the Navy Pier). Our room was very clean and contemporary robesmicrowave, frig., etc. Staff were very nice and accommodating. When we needed washcloths, they were very prompt. The desk staff let us check in early, printed our boarding passes the day we were leaving and checked our luggage while we enjoyed the city after our check out. There is a convenient deli (L'appetito) on the corner of Michigan Ave. and the Cheesecake factory - both located in the &quot;hole&quot; in front of the Hancock building. Great Blues at Buddy Guy's Legends blues club (reached by subway), and walking distance to many bars and restaurants on Rush and State streets. We will definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends.	
Jun 3 2007 	Loved the Staff Location 	During our recent visit to Chicago (May 27 - June 2, 2007), we stayedat the Raffaello Hotel for 4 nights and the Hotel Allegro for 2 nights. The Raffaello was superior, by far.Other reviewers have expressed some displeasure with the hotel staff.Our experience was the complete opposite. We arrived at the hotel very early on our check-in day (11am) and the bell man rescued us from an awful taxi driver, he promptly unloaded our bags and checked them for us since we wouldn't be able to check in for a couple of hours. Then the concierge sat down with us and went over our plans for the upcoming days. She gave us some recommendations for things to do and some discount passes. She then typed up an itinerary for us. While she was off for most of our stay she helped get us started and the front desk staff was more than helpful with all of our questions and requests. The bell men were always friendly and gave the hotel a very welcoming feel. It was nice to &quot;come home&quot; to the Raffaello Hotel after a long day of sightseeing or shopping. The maids were also efficient and courteous. While one reviewer expresseddispleasure at the maids early arrival all I can say is that that is what the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign is for. Overall we were sorry to leavethe staff of the Raffaello when our stay was up.Our room was pretty spacious - we had the grand suite with one king bed. The couch had a fold-out bed and there was also an arm chair andtwo dining chairs, a coffee table, and a small dining table. There were flat screen TVs in both the living room and the bedroom and there was a DVD player in the living room. There was also a refrigerator, coffee maker and microwave. There is a small grocery store across the street from the hotel (it's on the bottom floor - basement - so, you can't see it from the street), just ask one of the bell men and they'll point you in the right direction. We stockedup on sodas, water, and a few snacks there.For food, I recommend going to Gibson's for a special night out or for lunch (there filet mignon sliders are fabulous at lunch and only $12, they are essentially little sandwiches with filets on them) - it's within walking distance of the hotel. Also, across the street from Gibson's is Carmine's which has good Italian food and cocktails. Both have nice sidewalk seating also, if you want a more casual atmosphere. If you want a quick bite to eat go to Food Life - the food court in Water Tower Place. If you're looking for a post office nearby the hotel, there's one in the Hancock Center on the bottom floor, near the Cheesecake Factory. The &quot;El&quot; station (Chicago Stop on the Red Line) is in walking distance and I recommend you take it up to the Belmont stop and go to Ann Sather's for breakfast.It's right by the stop, so very convenient. Trust me it's more than worth it - the cinnamon rolls are too die for, the biscuits and gravy are delicious, even the fresh fruit is better there. And the price is a bargain for all you get.Stay at the Raffaello, especially if you can get a good deal on Expedia. You won't be disappointed.	
May 30 2007 	Not the best	My husband and I booked this hotel through orbitz - rate of $177/night which was a good rate at the time we booked. The location is good - right off Michigan Ave near Bloomingdales and the Hancock Tower. It is a very safe location and close to the bus and metro. The check in was easy - and there was a room available a few hours prior to there check-in time (which was nice). We were in room 506. Only five floor up from the street, but the room was pretty quiet (every room in every city has some noise!!). I was SHOCKED at the size of the room. I believe this was the smallest hotel room we have ever stayed in. Honestly, we laughed when we saw it! The bathroom was also small. The shower was a rainfall head and there was plenty of room in the shower but there was not a lot of room near the sink or shower. Interestingly, when we looked at the exit route on the door, there was a blue print of the floor - if it was drawn to scale, our room was half the size of every other room on the floor. We wonder if we got the small room because we booked throught Orbitz. The hotel is also a condo and it seems not be be set up for tourists. There was one booklet on chicago in the main lobby with a map, but nothing else. The front desk staff did not have good understanding of their own city or much interest in helping us at times. Once when we wanted to get to a resturant that was quite a distance from the hotel (north) I asked for some metro/bus instructions. The girl at the desk just said she didn't know. She didn't even offer to call the place for us. The second request we had was to find out the best way to get to the Museum of Scienec and Industry (which was great!!). The girl told us she didn't know and then asked three people before someone behind the desk told us there was a bus and where to get it. When we got to the bus stop, it seems that bus runs weekends mid-morning to mid-afternnoon.....and it was Thurs at 8:30am!! Lastly I asked is they had stamps......I was told, &quot;NO&quot;. They didn't even offer directions to the post office. On the plus side, the hotel was clean.....but we did have a maid knock on the door our first morning at 8:15am to clean the room (we were just about to leave, but would not have been happy if she woke us up!!!) and also about 10am on the day we were checking out (check out time is 12n). Also there was a microwave and coffee maker which we used.I wouldn't stay here again.	
May 6 2007 	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel in April 2007, when exchange rates were two dollars to the pound. We thought the location just behind the John Handcock Tower was great, handy for shopping, eating and sight seeing. The room we had was small but high quality with all facilities as advertised. We did not complain but understand from another guest that if we had done so we would have been switched to a larger room. The hotel is in fact a 'condo' with the rooms/apartments owned by private buyers and let out by the hotel on their behalf. The only problem we felt was the lack of a cafe/bar area, athough the small lounge was pleasant enough. We had one breakfast at the Hilton over the road and as residents of Raffaello we were given 20% discount. After that we breakfasted at the small cafe beside the Handcock Tower, less expensive, and fine for us. We used the Hilton bar at night, but no discount! Highlight of our trip was a meal at Hugo's Frog Bar &amp; Fish House on North Rush Street. There are many restaurants in this area but this place was brilliant, with live entertainment provided by a piano player in the bar area. It was my wife's birthday so we eat and drank whatever we fancied, (I had lobster), and the bill was still only £20 each. When we ordered sweet, (fantastic!), I told the waiter about the birthday, so all of the staff gathered around to give a rugby style 'happy birthday' chant. Great place.	
Apr 6 2007 	Wonderful	My husband and I loved the Raffaello for the weekend. We picked it for the great price (for a downtown Chicago hotel), but found quality and service excellent at all points, as well. Very clean and modern; large rooms and great front desk service. Just a couple of short blocks to the Magnificent Mile shopping, and next door to the Hancock Tower, for an AMAZING view of the city and beyond. Once the restaurant is in, this place will be pretty close to perfect. We will definitely return to the Raffaello when we visit Chicago!	
Apr 3 2007	Rafaello disappointment	We recently spent 3 nights at the newly opened Rafaello Hotel, just off the Magnificent Mile. Despite nicely furnished rooms and lovely robes, soaps, etc., we were enormously disappointed with the hotel. The first night staying there, we were awakened in our room by the telephone ringing - someone asking for the Valet to bring their car down. We complained to the front desk, and they admitted that they were having problems with their telephone network, but would address the problem. Over the next few days we received calls in our room for housekeeping (&quot;Our toilet is clogged -can you send someone up?&quot;) and numerous calls for the valet. Each time, we informed the front desk. When we checked out, we asked to have something done for us (a free night?) to make up for the extreme inconvenience, but they said they needed to discuss it at a manager's meeting. They took our name and number. Three weeks have passed and we have heard nothing from them, despite leaving messages. Customer service was terrible - condescending and snooty. It is not the high-end establishment that their website leads one to believe!	
Mar 25 2007	Hotel was great	The hotel was great from the time we pulled up to the door to when we checked out, everyone was very friendly, although housekeeping could have been more courteous in not knocking at 8:00 a.m. to clean room - we were on vacation and were not ready to leave for the day by 8:00. Room was very well kept. I would absolutely stay there again - but would not use the valet parking. That was a shocker when I went to pay the bill. VERY, VERY EXPENSIVE and next time I would definitely park my car myself , even if it meant walking a couple of blocks to get my car. As an aside - breakfast at Mrs. Park's Tavern, which was across the street from the hotel, was absolutely fantastic. I would highly recommend it for breakfast. It would have been nice if the hotel had a restaurant, but hopefully that's in the plans.	
Mar 24 2007 	Great night on the town!	My husband and I just returned from staying one night in Chicago, treating ourselves to a nice night out. We loved the location of the Raffaello, having stayed many times across the street at the Westin Michicgan Ave. We got a great rate and were even upgraded to a suite (could be that it was a Wednesday night). Flat screen TVs in both bedroom and separate living room. Beautiful boutique hotel, small bathroom is only complaint. Arrived too early to check in but they checked our luggage easily and we were free to shop all day and head straight up to our suite when we returned. Very very clean, super comfortable beds, loved it!! Would stay again in a heartbeat!!	
Mar 23 2007	Hotel Raffaello = a dump	I spent St. Patricks Day weekend at this &quot;hotel&quot;. It was not a good experience at all. First of they have 2 small elevators that service the entire hotel. So I would have to end up waiting 10 minutes every time i went up and down from my room. Not fun. I felt like a was waiting in line for the bathroom at a sports arena every time. so frustrating.The room we got was very small and kind of dirty. The outside of the hotel looks nice so I was expecting something comparable. Not to be. There was mold in the shower, and 1 roll of toilet paper in the bathroom. don't normal hotels clean their rooms beforehand and supply an excess of toiletries. The location of the hotel was fine. But the overall experience was far below average. To top it off, they charged me an extra night's stay for a so-called &quot;clean-up&quot; fee. I was in the room only to sleep. i made no mess. perhaps it was the mess that was there in the room when I arrived. regardless, they were rather obstinate in taking away the charge, and we had to work out some sort of deal after weeks haggling on the phone, I just gave up with them.This hotel is honestly complete crapola.	
Mar 22 2007 	Boutique style comfort	My wife and I enjoyed the comfort of this quiant, sharply designed, hotel. The staff was really friendly and made our stay most enjoyable. The hotel was also very reasonable and was located in a nice district of Chicago. The only downside was the lack of bar and restaurant on-site, but there were more than enough bars and hotels within the area that it was no big deal. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and i would certainly reccomend it to other young couples and singles out there.	
Mar 16 2007 	quaint hotel with a great location		
Mar 12 2007	Great weekend at Raffeallo Hotel		
Feb 27 2007 	very good		
Feb 25 2007 	Not that great...not for business travel		
Feb 19 2007 	Go elsewhere		
Feb 4 2007 	Location Location Location		
Jan 31 2007 	Brand New Hotel !!!		
Jan 18 2007	Not worth the money....		
Nov 22 2006 	WOW		
Nov 1 2009 	????????????????		
Mar 19 2009 	Perfecto hotel en inmejorable ubicación		
May 7 2008 	sehr feines Hotel		
