	Good downtown business hotel	Great location, reasonable conference rates, small but clean &amp; tidy rooms, free wireless at a business hotel! Convenient to Blue Line Jackson station	
Nov 3 2009	Cool place to visit	Accompanied my brother on a 6 days annual american surgeon convention. We stayed at Club quarters. Got a reasonable rate of US$45/night. Visited Millennium park, Willis Tower and Navy pier. It was freezing cold. Loved the atmosphere and the architecture. It was indeed an enjoyable trip. Hope to be back soon with more time to spend.	
Nov 1 2009 	It's the Little Things That Make This a Good Value	Great value for the price. While the rooms are somewhat smaller than one might expect, it's the little things that count - especially when we are all trying to save a buck or two in this economy. Given the location, the room itself was the cheapest I had found. The rooms were clean and cozy comfortable. Now for the extras...Let's start with the unlimited free bottled water and then add the free wi-fi service on top of that. These days, other hotels are charging $10 for internet and $5 for each bottle of water. It all adds up. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There are several fast food and sit down restaurants nearby. The hotel is located right off of the Orange and Brown lines. Again, saving you money in the end.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent Value on Weekends Inside The Loop	This mostly self-service property and small but very functional rooms create value and keeps their costs down. Really enjoy the morning breakfast, downstairs lounge and business center, filtered water machines on each floor, both WiFi and Ethernet for Free Internet. Most of the features are business-focused, as is the room design. Stayed at several of their sister properties in other cities...always a gem. Very clean, comfortable rooms. Front Desk is very friendly and helpful, with knowledge of local area. My colleague, a first-timer at CQ, really enjoyed it and quickly realized the brilliance for business travelers. N.B. Weekends tend to have more pleasure travelers, as is common with most business-oriented hotels.	
Oct 23 2009 	Certainly would stay again	We spent a week here, finding it a convenient location (access to buses and trains quite good), including walking distance to several restaurants and attractions, and an easy taxi ride to others we visited. The front desk staff invariably were courteous and accommodating, and a reliable source of recommendations for dining (including cards signed by the Concierge that were good for discounts and, in one case, two extra side dishes), using public transport, sightseeing, etc.The room we had was nothing special, and the view of the Post Office not all that inspiring, although it was clean and well maintained, and included a fridge and a micro.The housekeeping staff seemed unable to equate two people in a room for a week with the need for certain numbers of towels and washcloths, and never quite got around to providing more than one tea bag (but lots of coffee) each day. Nonetheless, these small inconveniences were quickly taken care of, and at one point the front desk cheerfully gave us a large bag absolutely crammed with coffee, tea bags, creamer, etc.Good, but quite noisy restaurant and bar off the lobby, and there is an excellent members-only club room downstairs.Check-in and out were quite efficient.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cozy rooms and a great location	The Club Quarters was in a great location with only a couple of blocks walk to several trains, Millenium Park, the Sears Tower, and the art museum. The rooms are kind of small, but it was perfect for two people. The hotel was clean and they offer bottled water for free to all customers.	
Oct 8 2009 	great location great price	we were apprehensive to stay at this hotel because the price was so inexpensive for chicago, but it turned out to be wonderful. free bottled water, wi-fi and business center. the restaurant connected to the hotel has a vast variety of beers and the food is great! rooms are small, but updated.	
Oct 4 2009 	Shottie-Billing Practice~Check Credit card statements	Didn't really mind my stay;a good location,decent price &amp; rooms.... a Pre-Paid package from Expedia. Chicago is an awesome city!That said,Upon my departure and sequencial Visa statement I was billed a 2ND time for my stay!...and Had to make follow-up phone calls to get refunded.VERY DISAPPOINTED...unsatisfactory customer service,lost faith in this hotel chain.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Stay for a Great Price	My family of my husband, a 6 year old and 3 children 18, 18, and 19, stayed at this hotel for the weekend. It was a great experience. The bedroom was smaller than we are use to, but it served its purpose with us having a safe, clean and comfortable place to sleep. The staff at the hotel was VERY kind. Being able to stay downtown for the price that we paid was absolutely great.I would recommend this hotel !!!!	
Sep 22 2009 	Good hotel - you get what you pay for	I stayed at this hotel for a week in late August. It was my first stay but I anticipate staying here again in the future. My company has a corporate agreement with Club Quarters so I don't have much of a choice on where I stay while in Chicago on business. The only &quot;dings&quot; I can really give this place are regarding the front desk and the beds/pillows. On several occasions during my stay the front desk staff was more interested in discussing their personal lives than helping customers. I expected the standard issue hard bed and that's what I got. What I was not expecting was the condition of the pillows. When I went to lay down, the interior contents of the pillow moved to either side of my head and my head was literally laying on the bed. So what's the point of even having pillows? By piling both of them on top of each other and kind of rolling that into a ball, I was finally able to get a marginally acceptable pillow.As others have mentioned, this hotel is not going to put you in the middle of the action of downtown. If you don't mind some walking in order to get to Michigan Avenue, Millennium Park, etc. then you'll be just fine. Because it's more in the business area of town, it can be a bit deserted on the weekends and after about 8-9PM on weeknights. But I walked around by myself on numerous occasions during these times and felt perfectly safe.As for the room size, I had a room with one queen bed. It is small by US standards but if you're in downtown Chicago, you shouldn't be in your room other than to sleep and shower anyway! This hotel caters to business travelers so if you're looking for a spacious and/or luxurious room then should look elsewhere. Overall I had a pleasant stay at the hotel and for the price I had to pay, it cannot be beat for downtown Chicago.	
Sep 13 2009 	Excellent hotel - a revelation	We used Club Quarters at the end of May for the first leg of our Route 66 tour. Thanks to this hotel, our trip got off to a flying start. We booked CQ through Hotwire. Considering we were staying on a weekend, it was an absolute snip. The check-in was facile, while the receptionists were exceedingly helpful - a huge boost given our long flight from the UK.The rooms, by contrast to many reports, were superb, and of good size. A classy touch was the free bottled water available in the hallways - much needed on long days of sightseeing. Although CQ is a bit of a hike to the Magnificent Mile and the Hancock, Chicago is such a mesmeric city that it's hardly a chore. Valet service was fast, efficient and really good value. There is also a decent boozer attached to the side of the hotel, which was smart and contemporary. In short, CQ was a revelation and provided a nice feel-good atmosphere before the four of us headed to St Louis. CQ was one of the best hotels we stayed in on our Route 66 tour.PS: Seek out Lou Malnati's Pizzeria a few blocks away for tea. Breakfast should absolutely be spent at Lou Mitchell's, which is about 10 minutes away.	
Sep 6 2009 	Would certainly stay again - business or travel.	I am handicapped and had a great stay. The staff was great, especially Joseph, he was very attentive and helpful. I am from Minnesota and they always say Minnesota nice. Well............between Club Quarters, and the attached restaraunt Elephant and Castle (E&amp;C), we had the best customer service that I have ever witnessed. All staff at E&amp;C were courteous and went above and beyond. However, one name that stands out is Matthew, he went the extra mile to help me when in need. The bed and the pillows were great. I would love to know what brand they were. The only down side was there was a loud banging every night. I am unsure where it was coming from but it woke me in the night and I am partially deaf. I would like to thank the staff at Club Quarters &amp; E&amp;C!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 5 2009 	GREAT PLACE	Rooms are smail; so if you plan on spending a lot of time in the room, don't bother. But very clean, great location and nicely decorated. I paid less than $100 per night - a terrific price. It is a short walk to Union Station and to Grant Park and to the subway lines. I will be back.	
Aug 31 2009 	"Central" to downtown business district!	I stayed on a Thursday night, and then again on a Saturday. Staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms are small, but accomodations are clean and comfortable; besides, how much time do you plan to spend in your room anyway? The common areas (business and lounge) were very nice &amp; spacious. The English pub on premises, the Elephant &amp; Castle, has an excellent selection of beer.The hotel is 3 blocks away from The Chicago Institute of Arts &amp; the Sears Tower; 5 blocks from Buckingham Fountain. The Blue &amp; Red Lines are only a couple of blocks away. Free wireless access, but network is kind of spotty, and sometimes difficult to connect to. Overall, a very good value.	
Aug 27 2009 	Very pleasant stay	When we arrived at this hotel we noticed a sign offering room upgrades for $15 a night. We did not take advantage of the deal until we saw our room. The lower portion of the window was frosted and the room was exceptionally small. It did however have a nice size desk and free internet access. Later, after occupying the room for a bit we asked if we could upgrade. The desk clerk said yes and booked us in a room with a bed, couch, table, fridge, sink and microwave. Probably 3 times bigger than the first room. The room was clean and well stocked with plates, flatware, iron and ironing board. The free filtered water was also a plus. The restaurant connected to the restaurant was very pleasant and staff at both the restaurant and hotel were wonderful.The hotel is only 5 blocks from Union Station and as a previous reviewer stated, less than 2 blocks from the &quot;L&quot;. Lake Michigan, Grant Park, Millennium Park and other attractions are less than a mile away. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Small but modern.	Stayed at this hotel on our last trip to Chicago. We picked this hotel because it was the one with the most reasonable price (hotels in Chicago are expensive!). The hotel is modern and looks pretty new. The rooms are very clean but small. However, we were rarely in the room, so that didn't bother us. The staff was very attentive and helpful. They also provide you with free bottled water which is an unexpected but welcomed amenity. The hotel also has free wireless and you can also print for free! The location is a plus because it is very close to almost every subway line. During the day, there is a lot to do around that area but at night it's kind of dead so keep that in mind.	
Aug 17 2009 	Unorganized Staff Resulted in Security at Our Door	Because of a late flight home, we paid for an extended checkout, an additional 3 hours for $35, however this was not communicated to the cleaning staff who came by to clean our room around the normal checkout time. We explained that we paid for an extended checkout and went back to sleep. I don't know if the cleaning crew did not check with the front desk or exactly what happened, but an hour later security came to our room. We were charged for the extended checkout so it is unclear why or how there could have been a miscommunication, and given the interruptions it was not worth the money. Otherwise the hotel was fairly represented on their website other than that the rooms were smaller. The hotel also had convenient do-it-yourself water bottles on each floor - much better than paying the $4.99 you would be charged for a typical water bottle out of a hotel mini-bar.	
Aug 15 2009 	Avoid if you want a decent place to stay!	I was so excited after booking this room through name your own price after seeing the hotel's website and the decent reviews on the internet. Excitement led to disappointment after stepping foot into my room. The room is best described as a broom closet with a small (1' by 3') frosted window. No real light got in which made the room seem even smaller and more closet-like. The bed was queen sized, as expected, but once we got in the bed we realized it was lumpy and slanted. The duvet was also so disgusting it actually stuck to my hand when I moved it. The floors were of the same sticky consistency, I had to wear flip flops when I walked around. Ick! The bathroom was acceptable. The TV was, at most, a 20&quot; screen that was difficult to view from the bed because it was so small. Things that I think should be in the room upon check in like extra pillows (there were only 2 in the room) and an iron/ironing board (this IS a &quot;business&quot; hotel) were stored in a &quot;guest request closet&quot; on each floor. Luckily there was an extra blanket and pillow as well as an iron, but no board, when I checked the closet. If someone went after me they probably didn't get what they were looking for.This hotel has a pretty good location. Right in the middle of the loop, you are close to most things you would want/need to do for business or leisure. The availability of restaurants/bars (except the hotels, of course) around the area after 9pm isn't too great because it is a very business oriented area. There are some great restaurants over on Michigan Ave, about 5 or 6 blocks away. For more ethic restaurants you will probably need to take public transport, of which there is plenty near the hotel. The blue/red/brown/orange lines are within 2 blocks and there are buses all around. The parking is $20/night self park validated by the hotel or $38/night valet. We self parked, the garage is well patrolled and we didn't have any problems. The price is decent for the area too. The common areas are nice and the fact that they have free in room printing was helpful, even though their printer (used for the entire hotel) was out of toner after 1 page printed. They also have free bottled water, you bottle it yourself in a common area. This place could be much better. The rooms are too small and too bare. I wouldn't even recommend it to business travelers who would be spending little time in the room because of the cleanliness issues with the floor and duvet and the lack of an in room iron/board and the crappy bed. We will never stay here again!	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice hotel for business travel	Overall a nice, cozy stay. Rooms are small and dorm-like, but have a pleasant decor and comfortable bed. Purified water dispensers with free bottles on every floor - this was a nice touch. Friendly staff. Hallways very narrow, dark and maze-like, and bathrooms have absolutely no counter space (odd design feature meant to make the bathroom look larger?). Morning room service very difficult to order due to busy phone lines - but menu was good, and apparently popular. Local restaurant delivery available, and can be conveniently charged to your room. Secure elevators require key card to access guestroom floors. Great restaurant with popular bar accessible from lobby. I was mistakenly placed in smoking room upon arrival - it smelled terrible, had small, jail-like windows, and was tiny. Staff moved me to a non-smoking room immediately - room was much larger, clean, bright, and had a large window. Overall, great for business traveler - very comfy to come back to in the evenings and desk had good setup, along with charging station. Wireless internet worked fine. Not kid-friendly - wouldn't recommend for a family or romantic getaway. Would be good for girls' shopping weekend. Great location and close to tons of shopping and great restaurants.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel would stay there again for sure	This hotel was perfect for my 2 days in chicago. It was right in the middle of the downtown, a couple minutes walk to the trains and the Sears Tower and a 10 minute walk to the lakefront. The hotel was really clean and the front desk staff was very helpful. My room was small but is more than enough for 1-2 people and was very quiet. I got room service both days for breakfast and there was plenty of variety from around $10-$15 (including service charges).	
Jul 26 2009 	Absolutely horrible customer service.	The room was exactly what was expected. No better, no worse.  The staff was rude, and showed no concern for our comfort or desires. Just a few examples of the many problems that we encountered: At one point, we called downstairs for more pillows. We were told that someone would bring them right up. After waiting for over a half hour, we called down again and were told that they were out. When I asked why we were not informed the response was a cool (if not sarcastic) &quot;I'm so sorry ma'am&quot;.  One of the other problems that we encountered was our room key never seemed to work. Five different times we had to go to the desk to get it fixed. Each time seemed like a huge inconvinience for the staff to fix.  There were many times when we would need to speak with someone at the front desk and would have to just stand there and wait. Never would they acknowledge us until they had finished doing whatever they were doing at the time. I would never stay here again or recommend it to anyone that expects good service from a hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	How on earth does this place get so many 4's?	I booked this hotel for a single night based on the strength of the TA reviews, and boy was I disappointed. Having used TA to guide my stays around the world, this may have been the biggest disconnect between reviews and reality that I've ever encountered.The Good: location; ease of check-in / check-out (fully automated); room was quiet; front desk was quick to resolve my complaint of missing shampoo.The Bad: booked a &quot;suite,&quot; and got something more like a studio efficiency (which was dark and cave-like); room smelled of mildew, which wasn't surprising given the visible mildew on the shower stall; no shampoo in the bathroom; somone else's hair on the toilet seat; bed was inferior and springy; 5 AM wake-up call was delivered at 4:30, robbing me of 30 minutes needed sleep; wireless internet, while free, was crawlingl slow; knob missing on one of the bed-side lamps; hallways of the hotel are bizarrely hive-like, with a very claustrophibic feel.While the place was cheap in terms of the rate, sometimes you get what you pay for. I can say with certainty that gven all the other hotel choices within a six block radius, I will never stay at this place again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location	Club quarters is a good deal for it's location. Right in down town chicago, you can get to Michigan Avenue , Millineum Park and Navy Pier really easily. Free interenet connection was very good, and on each floor they had a useful filtered water dispenser and bottles to fill up and take with you on your travels.Only down point is that check in desks are always very busy.There is a really nice diner right near by too , which I would recommend for breakfast.	
Jul 22 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in	We came to chicago for my birthday and stayed in Club Quarters Hotel. Seemed nice when we first got there. Then we get to the room. Extremely small, one chair, they said a queen size bed, but was pushing a full size bed, not sure it was even that big. The room wasn't exactly spectacular clean, our remote control was filthy dirty and barely worked, and when we asked for a new one the lady downstairs said with a breath and bit of attitude, ok someone will bring you a new one. No I'm sorry for being discusting, nothing. Also, you would think with what we paid for the room that we would have gotten a view, nope. The view was of the building next to us. It was just all around the worst hotel stay I have ever had. For what this place says it is, it is definately not. It is truely a total dissappointment. I will never stay there again, nor will I recommend it to any of my friends.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Location Clean Good Ammenities but Small Rooms; Great Value	This was my first stay in a Club Quarters hotel, and I was very impressed. It was clean, the staff was pleasant, and it had nice ammenities - free internet, free bottled water, etc. The restaurant/bar downstairs was decent enough, and seemed to be pretty popular among non-hotel guests. The location is fantastic, near every train line and easily within walking distance of all the downtown attractions - the river, Michigan Ave. / Mag. Mile, the Art Institute, Grant / Millennium Park, etc. The only downside to this hotel is the small room size, but in my opinion I'd rather have a small, nice room than a large, poor-quality room. For the price I'm not sure you can get more bang for your buck in a city as expensive as Chicago.	
Jul 19 2009 	Close Quarters - the room and Everything in the loop	The rooms are compact, but well laid out. The bathroom is small, but functional. Our view was of an alley, but what do you expect if you stay within the loop? The valet's were great. It cost $30 for each 24 hours with in &amp; out privileges. They asked that we give them 20 minutes notice when we needed the car. You could also self park for around $20, I have no idea where, since we did not see a lot within a block of the hotel in any direction. It was not noisy! We were just off Adams Street and had the leader of a marching band (college or high school?) in the room next to us. The only sounds we heard was when the band members left his room at a respectable 10 PM and when he left about 7:30 AM. When we saw the band check-in, with instruments we laughed about, &quot;Hope they're not on our floor.&quot; When we went to our room and saw them squeezed into the room next door and spilling into the hallway we laughed out loud at our &quot;luck.&quot; But they talked quietly and did not disturb us.Several interesting reference/list type books in the hotel room.They stock the room for a single guest, so we requested a second set of towels/washcloth. They were delivered in less than 5 minutes. There is a closet on each floor with an iron, ironing board, and other items a guest might need.It was the best hotel bar ever. Which may be unfair, the bar has a street entrance and a private hotel entrance. There was a large crowd at 5 PM on Friday, probably downtown workers letting traffic subside while they have a drink. We had drinks when we returned about 9 PM. They have some single malt scotches, but we saw bigger selections at places that did not advertise themselves as a single malt bar. The waitress was personable and hopping to keep up with the full bar.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Hotel For The Price!	We Stayed here during a shopping trip to chicago. Although the room was really small it was big enough for two women and ALL their Christmas shopping bags (and thats saying alot!) The price and location of the hotel made up for the room size.	
Jul 4 2009 	Wonderful customer service 	I was apprehensive about staying here, what with the extremes on the reviews (either great or very bad). Stayed 5 nights with a rate that I got on Orbitz (cheaper than calling the hotel, where you will reach a person in New York during regular hours); this hotel has corporate accounts, but I wasn't part of any company--just a tourist. Check-in took maybe 90 seconds--unbelievably easy, and automatic. I asked for a room as far away as possible from the smoking floor, and that request was accommodated. Yes, their rooms are small, but still larger than most rooms in European hotels! Nice desk with cables for your computer. The room was very clean and bed linens were crisp. The lighting could have been brighter, but, as usual, hotel lighting never seems to be bright enough in any hotel room, for my tastes. The lighting in the bathroom was great, though. No bathtub, just shower (fine with me), hairdryer. There is cold filtered water at the elevator end of the halls, where you can fill your water jug (they have the containers there). If you don't want to bring your computer--they have several in their spacious business center (open all the time), and you can even print out things following their instructions on how to do that. The fitness room was nice, with 2 TV screens in it so you can watch TV while on the treadmill or whatever equipment. I used it daily, and there might have been 1-2 other people in it at the same time. They had a stationary bike, elliptical trainer, 3 treadmills, a couple of weight benches, free weights, and one of those multi-purpose weight machines.I only ate once in the restaurant next door (Elephant something). They open at 6:30 AM; I thought breakfast prices were a little steep, but service was very good. When I walked by there in the evenings, there were always people in there. You can get breakfast for less in a couple of places within a block. Within a 2-block radius, there were 4 Starbucks that I counted and 2 McDonald's. There is a 7-11 across the street where you can get fruit. The front desk staff was SUPERB. Very personable, professionally dressed, and people who know what customer service is. I was going to be out when I needed to print a boarding pass, and I left my info with them, and it was done exactly as requested. They will also sign you up for various tours, which is a good idea (prices are same as if you had done it yourself), as various times for the popular tours sell out, and you are basically guaranteed a space. (Plus, you just charge it to your room, and you have a neat accounting of your trip.) The hotel appears quite secure--the elevator does not move until you insert your room card into a slot in the elevator and then you can press your floor number. Upon arrival, I took the CTA Orange Line train from Midway Arpt down to Quincy Stn (about 1 block from the hotel). That would not have been a problem except for one thing: There are no elevators for the most part at the old stations in the loop (the rectangular run of trains downtown). So I had to haul the large suitcase down more than 40 stairs on 3 flights of stairs (not an easy feat for someone with a purse and tote bag, too). If you want to take the train in ($2.25 vs. $22 airport shuttle), then get off at the Library station on the Orange Line, where there IS an elevator. (This will be a little longer walk, maybe 3 blocks.) Get your maps and other &quot;tourist&quot; brochures at the airport right in the same area where you get your baggage. You must purchase a fare card to get on the train. The fare card machines do not give change.The Sears Tower is 2 blocks away, Millenium Park is 6 blocks and Grant Park a little less. To save money, print out the &quot;free attractions&quot; in Chicago from one of the websites (can't remember which one). You can get the trolley at the Sears Tower location--go on the &quot;Signature Tour&quot; and hop on/off wherever you want. There are actually 3 tours on your ticket, so allow an entire day for it. You can walk to the Institute of Art (a must-see) from the hotel easily, and it is free from 5-9 PM on Thursdays. (You can take photos of the permanent collection but not of any exhibitions.) By taking this trolley tour, you can see where you would like to spend more time. Take the Architecture Cruise Tour (90 min., $36 adult, $31 senior). As for dining, there are lots of places (including the usual McDonald's, Subway, Dunkin Donuts, and many more) within a block of the hotel. For evening dinner, consider the Italian Village (1 1/2 blks northeast of the hotel, on Monroe), the oldest Italian restaurant in Chicago. The decor is very nice, and there are 3 levels of dining. Prices run $13+ for an entree on the main level, and the bread is delicious, too, and superb service. My friend and I split a salad and an entree, and the restaurant was happy to do that for us. Another place with wonderful food is Riva Cafe on the Navy Pier. Eat upstairs if noise bothers you (which I did); the view is much better, and you can listen to jazz music (not live, at least on Thurs night). Service there was superb. The mussels in the garlic sauce were perfect. There is a beautiful stained glass gallery collection in the long building where the Riva Cafe is, that is free. I also had afternoon tea at the Russian Tearoom, which is about 4 blocks east of the hotel on Adams, at the corner of Michigan and Adams. Very nice decor, and superb service, too. Nice selection of teas. The 3-course tea (savories, scones, and sweets) is average in taste. Their house blend of tea was delicious, though (berry flavored), and the little guy would refill your cup the moment you took a sip. This hotel is wonderfully located, and I walked everywhere, including to the Navy Pier, which is 2 miles away. Check to see what is playing at the Bank of America theater, which is 1 1/2 blocks from the hotel. I saw &quot;Jersey Boys,&quot; and that was excellent. I was able to get a half-price ticket the day of the performance (paid $30), and said in the next balcony up from the main level. (Restooms are on the basement level, though!) Shopping is 4 blocks away up and down State Street and then onto the Marvelous Mile along Michigan Avenue. Stores on State, I noticed, were staying open until 8 PM. Finally, don't leave Chicago without taking the Green Line train (&quot;L&quot;) to Oak Park, and touring the Frank Lloyd Wright home and studio and taking the self-guided walking tour (which is available in several languages) around the home. Beautiful victorian and Prairie style houses. The ride from the Loop is about 45 min. The food at Winberie's is very good, as is the service. It is across the street from Scoville Park, where there was a free music concert with a great band. (You would have to check schedules for the entertainment.) One last thing--there is absolutely no need to rent a car in Chicago. Besides, parking rates ran $16 for 20 min., and more than $30 a day at the garages. The parking for CQ is 2 1/2 blocks away! (I did not have a rental car.) The Chicago public transportation system is great. You can go online to www.transitchicago.com to get directions on taking the train/bus to anywhere. But as I said, I walked everywhere (and I am a senior citizen), between 4-6 miles a day. All in all, a wonderful hotel stay made more so by a friendly and customer-service oriented front desk staff, and a location quite ideal for tourists who want to be able to save money by walking to various Chicago sites.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great location and good price	Room was dark but comfy. They had good facilities including wifi and auto check in. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Solid but not great	I had two lengthy stays here for work, in September 2005 for four weeks and in January 2007 for two weeks. It's a pretty good location in downtown, within walking distance to the Sears tower, Grant Park, Michigan Avenue, and a number of businesses. It's also only a few blocks from the &quot;L&quot; subway system. On the downside, being located in downtown, the area is often pretty dead during weeknights and some of the nearby restaurants are not open for dinner. The Elephant and Castle Pub next to the hotel is convenient and good for drinks but the food is only average (English Pub food).The rooms were a decent size for downtown and had the usual amenities - TV, internet, etc. Some rooms have slightly weird layouts, but none are bad. The bathrooms only have a shower, no tub, if that matters. Most of the views from the hotel windows are facing alleyways and adjacent buildings.Overall, it was a good location for a business trip and is reasonably priced but it probably wouldn't be my first recommendation for a hotel in Chicago.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great value!!!	The Central Loop Hotel is located in the financial district of downtown Chicago about 1.5 miles from Michigan Avenue. We found that we could go to the Navy Pier,Michigan Avenue for $7-$10 per taxi ride. It is not the Westin or the Omni but it was great for what we needed. We had a one room suite with a kitchenette. It had a over the range micro,u-line refer,two burner glass cooktop and a number of small appliances. We paid $115 per night. It was a bargin. The service was excellant. It was great for sleeping and being close enough to all the attractions that $115 a night was much better that $300 a night. You can take a lot of cab rides if you get my drift. It is worth your time to check out. Walgreens and CVS stores within a block of the hotel. There is also a 7-11 kitty corner and a Pot Belly sub shop two doors down. Pot Belly subs rule. Taste great and were cheap. This is a great hotel for the budget traveler.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great location!	My wife and I spent 3 nights at this hotel at the end of May 2009. It's location made it perfect to walk to various attractions, such as sears tower, Magnificent Mile etc, within 15 minutes! The rooms are sizeable and, for once, the beds are comfortable. The Elephant &amp; Castle pub is next door, with great food, good beers and great staff. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family, but if you're looking for total comfort, look elsewhere. I would say this hotel is for a 2 or 3 night stay and no longer.	
May 31 2009	Good Price Good Location	Stayed a couple of nights at the Central Loop hotel as part of our road trip across the US, The hotel provided a good location to visit Sears Tower (discounted tickets available from reception) and other Chicago landmarks. Check in was very quick, the room was a good size and clean, complimentary water and coffee. My only criticism would be the walls lacked sound proofing as we could hear the TV from the adjacent room a little too much at times. All in all though, a reasonable price for a good location.	
May 26 2009 	Spend a few extra dollars and go somewhere else	Me and my fiance' decided to get away just before our wedding. Club Quarters offered a reasonable rate at a well situated locale...The good...check in was fast and the, tall, blonde haired guy working behind the desk was accomodating and super efficient...Kudos to him. Unfortunately, everything else was lacking. Rooms were of substandard condition. Due to the age of the building, the walls did not have sound proofing. The doors also were without air compressors so that they would slam when closed. I tried to take a nap about 3:30 and all I could hear were kids and adults slamming doors and running around. The room also had a thermostat which would seemed to be non-functional...Me and my fiance froze our butts off even after raising the temp to its highest level. I have seen better bathrooms in 3rd world hotels and no tub. My fiance got a workout moving furniture just so that she could find an outlet for her ITouch.We then decided to go get some pizza at Bucina's(sp?) which we saw in our hotel's restaurant advertisement book. Well, I asked for directions from the girl at the front desk who circled its approximate location. In reality, all she had to say was that it was at the Club Quarters north location which was clearly on the map. Thanks for having us walk in circles for 30 minutes....At the time of our checkout, we decided to get some breakfast at the English pub next door. Don't even bother. We were hoping to get in and out fast so that we could get to the Field Museum...No such luck.. Waited for 15 minutes...no service I finally had to &quot;tackle&quot; one of the waitresses to find out what was going on. The end result was $6.00 for orange juice I never ordered, one slice of toast with the food, the orders were wrong, and stiffed when I paid the bill because the manager said there was no change? I actually went into the hotel to tell the front desk what happened and the girl who was looking gave me a beautiful smile and a blank stare. Unfortunately, there were few restaurants open on Sunday near the hotel otherwise I would have ran for the hills. In the case of the hotel, I ran for the exit.	
May 24 2009 	If all you need is a room - this is fine!	Stayed here for two nights on business in late may 2009. Hotel is well located in the Loop, 10min walk to State St and Grant Park. $35 in a cab from O'HareSmall, simple reception, all about getting you into your room fast. They do not offer much more there. Rome - decent sized, clean, simple and quiet. Bathrooms won't win awards for style, but were spacious and clean. No fridge, which is a let down if staying long and you would like to have water etc handy. TV in room with ESPN/News channels and the rest of the free view stuff. Comfortable bed too.Vending machines in corridors for snacks and free filtered water also!Elephant and Castle pub attached to hotel is busy at night time, with sport on screens and very good barmen. Reasonable priced for city centerBreakfast is served in the pub and was nothing special, but plenty of choice, If bringing my girlfriend, I would probably stay somewhere a bit better, like the W Hotel across the road, but for business, and if you are not spending much time in the Hotel, this is perfectly fine and I will stay here again.	
May 19 2009 	Best location	Stayed here for a 4 days and was extremely happy with the location and the hotel. Room was comfortable and clean. Loved the free filtered bottled water in the hallway. Staff tried to help me get some hard to get tickets but we had no luck. Close to everything I wanted to see. Had lots of fun trying to recreate Ferris Bueller's Day off!The shuttle bus driver didn't know it was called the &quot;Central loop hotel&quot; but this was easily rectified.	
May 4 2009 	Solid Stay for the Money	My wife and I and friends stayed at the Club Quarters Chicago-Central Loop on May 1-3, 2009. It has a great location (southwest corner of Clark and Adams) with recently renovated rooms and lobby (2008). Yes, as other reviews have said, the rooms are small, but we didn't come to Chicago to hang out in our rooms. Everything was clean and well-maintained, and having the refillable bottles of purified water was great before heading out on walks to various destinations. Staff were courteous, and responded immediately to our friends' request for a working TV remote and ours for a blanket.My only gripe is that their garage validation evidently didn't take on the garage pass, and our friends were overcharged $26 when, after they asked help on paying, the garage attendant grabbed his credit card and the pass and rang up the bill on the self-serv machine before we caught the overcharge. So we're now working out long distance getting back the money.	
Apr 29 2009 	Had a great stay	I recently stayed at the CQ for the weekend and couldn't say enough good about the hotel. It was the perfect location and the price was great. I could walk out the door in either direction and be right around the corner from where I was going. I walked to Michigan Avenue, Grant Park, and Millenium Park. within 10 minutes. Not to mention the free wireless internet&amp; you are within 1 block of the L train. There were plenty of pubs/restaurants very close by. The hotel room was small, but very clean and sufficient for what I needed. I enjoyed having the mini-fridge, sink, and microwave. The check in/out took less than 5 minutes!!! They do charge you a deposit for incidentals..that they forgot to tell us about., but it was refunded immediately upon checking out. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great location at a great price	My husband and I stayed for four nights. We loved the location--we flew into Midway, took the orange line in, walked a couple of blocks, and there was the hotel. It was also within walking distance of loads of great buildings and good restaurants. The room was small, but very well arranged to the size didn't matter. Our only complaint--smoking's allowed, so sometimes there was the smell of smoke in the hallway.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very nice and relaxing	My stay was execllent, I was there with my daughter whom had a seminar to attend. The location to everything was great.I do have a question for you lost and found department. We stayed in 939 and I am wonderingf if a stran of beads may have been found after we left. They we 16 inches long and pink and white in color and about 1 inch in size each one. If found I will pay to have them sent to me.,... [--] Thank you	
Apr 18 2009	Great location great price	I chose this hotel because it was recommended by the college my daughter was visiting. The location and price was very good. It is just a couple blocks from the &quot;L&quot; so we were able to take the Orange line from Midway airport to the Loop easily. The room was comfortable, quiet and I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others . However...the horrific overpowering cigarette smoke smell that permeates the 3rd floor of the hotel may make me think twice about that. Housekeeping tries to mask the smell with some sort of freshener which only makes the smell worse. So for future reference, ask for a non smoking room/floor.	
Apr 10 2009 	No thank you.	I stayed here for a night. Wow, really not nice. Small room. Felt dirty. Stained. Grungy. Towels were like sand paper. I think a 13 inch television. I would never recommend this hotel.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great Stay - Great Location - Great Value	I only had a couple requirements on this trip - location, price and cleanliness. This hotel is five stars on all of those. I stayed in the hotel for two nights - my daughter and I were in the area looking at colleges. It was exactly what we needed. I booked our room through Orbitz for $85/night. One good thing to know is that Club Quarters Hotel is the same thing as Central Loop Hotel. You can book through either one, check in at the same desk, sleep in the same rooms ect. But pay more booking through Club Quarters Hotel vs Central Loop Hotel....it has them both in the title on this page, but they are listed separately in lots of other areas. Different phone numbers, different rates, but the same address. It took me a long time to piece this together. I booked a regular room online and asked for an upgrade when we got there. Nothing was available that night, but somehow she put us in a room with a king bed, fridge and microwave. (only queen beds were listed) So that was a pleasant surprise. Yes, the room was very small. But that didn't bother us. The TV was smaller and older and yes, across the room on the desk. But that also didn't matter. The hotel was very quiet, except I could also hear when the person next door came and went. We weren't in our room very much, and we didn't hear anything after 10pm. The halls are narrower than normal. Once again that didn't matter - the halls are regular halls - just narrower.Cold filtered water was available - and free - right on our floor. Very nice.Great Location!! We used the Metra and the L while in town. Sooooo close and easy to use! Easy walk to Grant and Millenium Park. Plenty of shopping and restaurants...it's Chicago!! The hotel parking is in a ramp a few blocks away, but once we parked, we didn't use the car again till we left town.I have stayed along the Magnificent Mile in the past, but this is gonna be where we stay in the future.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great find great comfort great convenience great price!	I only visit Chicago every couple of years and always have stayed at the &quot;big name, big box&quot; places down the street from the Club Quarters while attending conventions. Now that I am self employed I have to look for value as well as convenience and name recognition. This hotel fit the bill perfectly. I was able to take the &quot;L&quot; from Midway directly to within a block and a half of the hotel and return to the airport. ($2.50 vs a $35.00 or so cab fare each way)The staff was very helpful in orientating me to the hotel, it's amenities and the local area. The room was perfect for my needs, a bit on the small side but everything was stylish and spotless. The work space was great with all sorts of connection cables as well as the free Wi Fi. I could have even printed documents from my lap top in the room using a centrally located printer.The adjacent restaurant was perfect and a great deal less expensive that the places down the street. Oh, did I mentioned that I was able to walk to all my meetings at, &quot;the places down the street&quot;? All this for about a third the price of the &quot;places down the street&quot;.	
Mar 21 2009 	It's the architecture.	We picked the Club Quarters first for price but mainly for its architecture. It's a wonderful Old Chicago building with visible stone and lots of details in the exterior architecture. The lobby is being renovated so we have to go back to see where the misterious stair that terminated in a wall will lead once the work is finished. It is nicely located across the river from the Trump thing which is all glass and while The Donald is not bad architecture, it's just not Old Chicago.	
Mar 7 2009 	Not My Favorite	Stayed two nights for a business trip. This hotel is affordable for the loop area, but it does have some drawbacks.The room was small. There was a very small TV over the desk - the remote only seemed to work if you sat right by the TV - it did not work from the bed. The bathroom size was OK, but there was no tub - only a shower. There is no hotel room service, only menus for a couple of local restaurants that deliver in the area. I ordered dinner one night and it came without any eating utensils. There was also a $2 charge for calling the restaurant to order the dinner.The room was also noisy - you could hear every time that someone in the next room opened their door. Good choice if you are really looking for no frills, but you get what you pay for.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Stay...	I booked through Hotwire, so the hotel was a suprise. Thankfully, it was a good one. Our rate was $75, but I upgraded to a suite for $25. I had to, because this hotel doesn't have double rooms and we had a party of three. That was my mistake, but it worked out well. The suite was modern and comfortably sized. We had a handicapped suite, so it may have been larger than others. The hotel was clean and the furnishings were new and modern. There was a good sized flat panel tv on the wall. The bed was very firm, but comfortable enough for me. The sofa bed was very comfortable...almost more so than the bed. The staff was friendly and helpful. We gave the valet a workout in -15 degrees, and he was cheerful everytime. We had a great stay.	
Dec 9 2008	Nice Hotel	Very much enjoyed this hotel. A few things to point out. The rooms are small - but like most large city hotels. The rooms though are very well appointed and have many amenities. This hotel is great for buisness travelers or singles - not for families and more than 2 people in a room. The decor is very contemporary, is new and comfortable. In fact, immaculate! The hotel offers many extras like free bottled water (as much as you wish), free wireless or wired internet, and several other nice amenities. The location cannot be beat. You may not have a great view, but I found the hotel to be very quiet. I would definately recommend this hotel!	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Location for a Weekend Stay	As others have commented, the rooms are small. I would recommend for a weekend stay, but not for longer than that. The room was very clean and the furnishings newer and modern. The bottled water on each floor was a nice touch. We had read a review that said the rooms had microwaves - - ours did not. When we asked at the desk, they said only certain rooms had them and they did not have one we could use. The location was perfect for walking around downtown. Everything we wanted to see was within walking distance, so we parked the car in the hotel garage. It was expensive, but what we expected for a downtown hotel.I would recommend this hotel for a couple's weekend trip. I would not bring small children unless there are some larger rooms available. This room was just big enough for two.	
Oct 29 2008 	I'd look around at other hotels	Not a bad location and the hotel is in good shape. I love the idea of a self-service check in, but not after being assigned a handicapped room with a noisy alley behind me. The room was tiny, no couch and a small TV with poor reception. Check in with the front desk not the self service machine and make sure you are facing the street and not the not-so-lovely noisy alley behind you. The hot water was not very hot during the morning shower. The bed was not very comfortable and the linens were sub-Walmart cheap. For $100 to $125 a night this would be a good place, but not for $200. I'll stay somewhere else next time.	
Oct 17 2008 	Good value and good location	The hotel is located in t he heart of downtown Chicago. It is a modern hotel with most of the customary amenities. It is not a luxury hotel and the furniture is modern in design but plain. The rooms are smaller than we expected but very doable for travelers who do not spend a lot of time in a room. We really liked the distilled water dispensers on each floor and the large lounge with several public access computers and large screen television. The restaurant off the lobby &quot;Elephant and Castle&quot; served our needs for breakfast and dinner. It is a fine moderately priced restaurant. There is also a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel. Hotels in downtown Chicago are very expensive and our room was as a significant savings over the other places we inquired about.	
Oct 9 2008	Nice Hotel	Booked 3 rooms through Priceline at the Club Quarters from October 4 through October 7. Ended up paying half of what we would have paid any of the convention hotels.Located in convenient location. Rooms very, very clean. As other users have stated, they are a bit on the small side, but who spends time in their room except to sleep.Staff was very accomodating for the one small issue we had. I would definitely look at staying here again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Price - Great Hotel	Club Quarters Central Loop was a fantastic hotel! It was very inexpensive compared to surrounding hotels and we were in the middle of everything. Here's the downside to this place: the rooms aren't very big. Don't get me wrong, they're adequate sized rooms, it's just that some people may be accustomed to larger spaces. The hotel is very neat &amp; clean and everyone who worked there (that we dealt with) were nice as could be. We arrived late on a Friday night (11pm) and nothing in the area was open for food except the 7-11 across the street. We went over and grabbed some microwavable food and brought it back to heat up in our hotel room (microwaves in each room!). We realized we had forgotten napkins, utensils and paper plates. I called down to the front desk and within 5 minutes we had all 3 at no charge. Also, they offer complimentary filtered water on every floor, complete with 20oz plastic bottles to take it with you. Not something that's going to sell this place, but it was a VERY nice accommodation to have.The hotel is located very close to the Red Line and Blue Line subways. The Blue Line will take you right to O'Hare in about 40 minutes time. I highly recommend doing this if it's during the day. It's very inexpensive and convenient. The Red Line train will take you up to Wrigleyville. You won't have to walk more than 3 blocks to get either train from the hotel.There's a Starbucks next door, a Dunkin' Donuts a block away, a Subway nearby and lots of good restaurants within walking distance. The bar/restaurant attached to the Club Quarters in the Elephant &amp; Castle. Excellent food, reasonable prices for a hotel bar. $65 for 2 people, drinks, dessert &amp; 20% tip all included in that price.Bottom line is you won't find a less-expensive hotel that this in the Loop. It's convenient to everything and very clean. Shoot me a message if you have any questions. Thanks!	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Value	I booked the club quarters based on our desire to stay in chicago without paying a fortune and without spending money on a car rental. The club quarters was perfect for this. The rates were unbelievably reasonable for a hotel on the loop. Its location about half a block from a blue line stop made it perfect for avoiding the need for a rental car. We were able to take the blue line from Ohare luggage and all without much hastle. We were able to access the entire city via the trains and the hotel is only a few blocks from the waterfront and millenium park is even within walking distance. The hotel itself is top notch. Nicely decorated. Free refillable water bottles with purified water on every level. Room was adequately sized, and the bed was comfortable. The kitchenette area was wonderfully convenient. Service was very good. Room was spotless and nicely decorated. Nice work area with both wireless and ethernet internet availalbe. Bathroom nicely appointed. I would and will stay here again.	
Aug 31 2008 	good hotel	A very centrally located hotel inside the loop.Clean rooms,toilets and above all very safe.You need the room keys to access the lifts.they have a automatic check in system which was new to me.jsut insert your credit card with which you booked you will get the keys.If you are travelling by car they have valet services who could get your car in and out of car park any number of times a day.they have water coolers and clean bottles on all levels.we had a pleasant stay. Dont miss the speed boat ride from Navy pier its really nice.	
Aug 28 2008 	Too many better hotels to stay there again	A little background about the hotel: companies buy memberships, and then their business employees can stay there. You have to have a membership to stay there, however on the weekends, they open the doors to the general public. It is quite obvious that the staff do not like dealing with the general public, they treated me as though I was junk. The story only gets better! This is the first time I have ever gone into a hotel that Ive booked online and not been able to check-in immediately. Not that big of deal, I understand, it was just a little off-putting. The rooms aren't that big, but they arent too small either. You need to keep in mind that this hotel is intended to have its rooms used by single business travelers. There were only 2 pillows on the bed, and when I called for 2 more - THEY NEVER CAME! it was crazy! No call to tell me that we wouldnt be getting them, we sat there, and waited to go to bed, and eventually just had to deal with it. READ THIS:Then, the next day, as I was checking out, the valet brought my car up (after 20 minutes). I will admit that it is my fault for not thinking ahead, but I had no cash, and I completely forgot that I needed to tip him. He gets out of my car, and when I grab my keys from him, he says &quot;oh, nothing for me?&quot; I was seriously embarrassed and felt bad that I had no tip. I apologized profusely and told him that I had no cash on me. He says &quot;really? nothing for me?&quot; I'm still upset and apologizing. Not so much when he then says &quot;oh, so my kids have to go hungry tonite?&quot; Seriously? Is that really appropriate? I just paid $40 to have my car parked overnight - I don't think they need to hound me for a couple of bucks. I will never stay there again. It wasn't awful, the room was clean and comfy, the location was great, but the service all around was terrible. There are too many other hotels in chicago for me to even think of staying at the Club quarters again.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great 1 night stay	My wife and I, along with another couple had planned a trip to Chicago for a day of bike riding and then a concert at Ravinia. I booked at Orbitz.com and had read many reviews. I paid $150 (Tax included) for a Saturday night stay and I was pleased with the rate. The hotel is right in the loop and only about 4 blocks from union Station.  Upon arrival the front desk staff was nice and they stored our bicycles in a secure room at the hotel for free (We did not want to risk leaving them locked onto the bike rack in the parking garage). The room was small, but not bad for a downtown hotel and we basically only were there to sleep. The room was recently remodeled and the bed very comfortable. The windows have a thick pane and we could hear very little street noise. There is no tub in the bathroom, but since we don't use a tub the shower was more than adequate and was a good size. There is free bottled water on every floor, which is nice.  The area around the hotel is ok. We walked back to the hotel at about 2am from quite a distance away and never felt unsafe. Overall this hotel is a great value for the money and we would definately stay here again. They do validate parking for a garage about 2 1/2 blcoks away and I paid $19 for the 24 hour stay - not bad for downtown Chicago!.	
Aug 5 2008 	Good location comfortable sleep small rooms - no ammenities	Booked with priceline. Next time I'm going to target hotels directly on Michigan Ave. instead of this one on Adams and Clark and try to negotiate. It was just average value for what I expected. Having said that, for $120 a night in Priceline we felt lucky, since we found out while we were there, it was Lalapalooza and a Cub's game last weekend!Pros: Good location, convenient, clean, quiet, pleasant staff, microwave, mini-fridge, free refillable water bottles.Cons: few amenities for 4-star, small rooms, clunky tv/remote, small bathroom, no tub, no view.Because it's a business hotel it wasn't the type of hotel you'd want to stay to relax with some TV and go to the spa, just in case you were that type of 'getaway traveler' in Chicago. . It's a sleep. Nothing more.	
Jul 31 2008 	Perfect Fit 	This is the 3rd time we have stayed at this location and each time we are happy with the stay, expecially for the price in the loop. In July we stayed here for my birthday and were on the 5th floor. I can tell there has been some reconstruction to the rooms and was glad for it. The beds are comfortable and the bathroom was plenty big. No tub, but the shower is so nice and big too.In each hallway there is a closet for extra pillows, blankets, iron, etc. and there is a closet in each room.Yes, the rooms are small, but still big enough for my husband and I to get around in. This is a business class hotel first and foremost, but we are in Chicago and there is always so much to see, no matter how many times I have been there. Also...we have stayed in Chicago many times and have stayed at some of the finer hotels and the rooms are not much bigger than what we had at the Club Quarters, and great service too.This hotel is right on the corner of Adams &amp; Clark. A short walking distanvce to State St. Shopping Mall! There is a great british pub next door called Elephant &amp; Castle. The bread pudding was devine, and they also have a website if you want to check it out before you go.There is also a Giordano's Pizza a 2 blocks away that delivers to the hotel.Not to mention a Starbucks on the corner right outside the hotel, a 7-11 across the street, and a great deli on Wabash called, &quot;Ada's Deli&quot;. We always take the Amtrak train up, and it is only 4 blocks from the hotel.While there this time we went to see Blue Man Group! This was an incredible show and great for all ages, Go if you can.We will be back to ClubQuarters...I think next time we are going to try the one on Wacker!	
Jul 29 2008 	A Club worth joining	I was a bit worried after reading so many iffy reviews on Tripadvisor, but the moment I walked into the room my anxiety disappeared. Though smallish compared to typical modern hotel rooms, it was crisply clean and comfortable and, indeed, no smaller than the room I'd had at a 4-star Loop hotel on a separate occasion. I figured that the cost of our two-night stay at Club Quarters was about 60% of a comparable stay elsewhere in the Loop. Likewise, the reviewer concerns about the Club Quarters' location seemed odd, since we felt that this hotel was ideally located to accommodate our to-ing and fro-ing. Despite my 60 years, walking to the Sears Tower, the Ogilvie Transportation Center, State Street, the El, the subways, Grant Park, and the Art Institute wasn't unreasonable. It's also pretty handy to the freeways.Parking is in a self-park garage two blocks away, though the cost is about half of what overnight parking is at other Loop hotels. And valet parking IS available. A small sour note: though our check-in on a Friday afternoon and check-out on Sunday morning were quick and easy, the desk clerks seemed otherwise swamped with lobbies-full of travelers whenever we wished to inquire about something. All in all, this smart little hotel helped make our visit enjoyable and care-free.	
Jul 24 2008 	I will return	This hotel was very comfortable, attractive and had nice amenities for a very reasonable price. The reason I did not give it a 5-star rating is because the housekeeping services in the room were sub-par. I stayed for a week and the housekeeping service was worse each day -- by the end they were not bringing towels and not replenishing or cleaning the coffee service.Everything else was great. I liked the fitness room. There was a very comfortable work lounge with free refreshments that I used most evenings. They will print your documents for free through an online service. The desk staff was extremely helpful, polite and accommodating. My room was quite small but nice and comfortable. I had a fridge and a microwave which is very important to me as I don't like to eat out.I need to go to Chicago two weeks a year and I will go back to the Club Quarters!	
Jun 30 2008 	Stopped using priceline because of this place	Got assigned this place on priceline for all the guys in my family to come to Chicago for the weekend and catch some Cubs games. Because of this hotel, I have forever sworn off priceline. The rooms were smaller than the University of Chicago dorm room I was living in at the time, and the furnishings more spartan. It was clean, but it was kind of like Motel 6 in terms of amenities. Unlike Motel 6, (which I happen to like, by the way) it was not $29.95	
Jun 27 2008 	Good location friendly staff but noisy	The hotel is very well located in the centre of Chicago, just a few blocks away from many important locations. The staffing is friendly but at bare bones levels, so it can take a long time to check in, especially in the late afternoon.The rooms are small and clean. The problem is the noise. There is construction going on and if you're in the wrong room, you're woken up at 7 am by banging and drilling. My room faced over the back of the hotel, right above the garbage cans, so I was continually disturbed at about midnight by trucks banging around.	
Jun 25 2008	Great hotel but bit out of the way	The hotel is very nice and and the rooms very luxurious if a little modern. Service is excellent. Only downside is location you are on edge of centre and it is a bit of a trek into the lively places. Not many bars, etc in immediate vicinity. Overall though good place to stay.	
Jun 23 2008 	Small room but unique value-adds partially made up for that	Stayed for three nights early in June 2008 - booked online withExpedia.The Good:- Free filtered water &amp; bottles- Good business desk and Internet access- Location - lots of good places to eat within walking distance - Reasonable fitness facilities- Great shower head on a hoseThe Bad:- Renovations on front facade and hallways- Very small TV that was not facing the bed area comfortably (got a sore neck from straining to see it- Fairly small room - not quite a Manhattan bachelor apartment, but not a whole lot of room to stretch out in	
May 28 2008 	Would stay again	Right in the financial district safe area of town. Elephant and Castle restaurant is connected to the hotel, very good food. One thing to keep in mind is you get charged something like $15 to rent a hotel room a night that goes to the state of Illinois and the city of Chicago. Room was very nice, had a desk and wifi so I was able to connect my laptop and get some work done. Right down the street from the Sears tower.	
May 22 2008 	Great find!	We stayed here while in town for a friends wedding...it was a great little find! The hotel was immaculate and the location is perfect. We were within walking distance of a number of EL stations and had plenty of food nearby. The price was completely reasonable for the quality and location!	
May 16 2008 	Great room not so great location..	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed the hotel immensely. We booked on Expedia for $105 CAD per night. The room was modern, clean and the bed was very comfortable. The washroom was great...we loved the stand-in shower rather than the traditional bath style. The front desk staff was responsive and friendly. Our room was tidy and cleaned very nice daily. Our only non-recommendation is the location. It was located in the financial sector of downtown..approximately 15 minutes walking distance to Magnificent Mile, which is where all the fun places are! We felt very uncomfortable walking back to our hotel at night. If we visit Chicago again, we would probably stay at a hotel in the Magnificent Mile. Tips:- The famous Chicago deep dish pizza isn't all that great.- Cocktails on the Sears tower building isn't all that great either because the window seats are usually always taken.- The boat tour is a must!!!- Shopping was great in the Magnificent Mile area!	
May 11 2008	Be aware - hotel is under renovation choose room carefully	This hotel is under renovation/ construction, the rooms had a stale musty smell, (we tried 2 differnt rooms) the hallway was very noisy (floor 4), combined with alley view and 2 am trash truck in the alley below. I think we had the worst possible room in the hotel - I now understand why the room rate was so good, I would rate this below a 3 star hotel.	
May 4 2008	Stealing be aware	My purse got pick pocketed in the revolving door of this hotel. The hotel employees in the front paid no attention and were not vigilant to what's happening on their watch. When the management was notified, they said it wasn't their &quot;responsibility&quot; and took no interest.	
Apr 16 2008	Absolutely Love This Hotel and Service!	I recently stayed at this hotel and was skeptical because of a few bad reviews. The construction is still ongoing, but this hotel's staff was over the top accomodating and went beyond common courtesy to assure my stay was wonderful. No dust or any incoveniences. I am a very critical person when it comes to cleanliness, and especially customer service. The staff was very helpful and informative. The room service was the fastest I have ever experienced, too! There was &quot;always&quot; someone available 24 hrs. a day and they were always extremely professional and well kept. I received help with personal items that did not require their assistence and they were the one's to make the suggestions that created more work for themselves. I will always stay at this hotel when I stay in Chicago. The area is centrally located and has many conveniences nearby, too. My room was a little on the small side, but it was perfect, including the cleanliness!	
Apr 9 2008 	Great choice for a one-night business trip	I booked my stay through Hotwire for a conference and was fine with the hotel I 'won'. I have stayed the Club Quarters in San Francisco and expected a small room with limited amenities. I was surprised to see a fridge and microwave in my room. What a nice perk. Unfortunately the bed was horrible---there was a indent that resembled a bowling alley lane in the middle of the bed. And the pillows were so soft my neck hurt the next day.The service was fine (not extraordinary). I definitely recommend for a cheap one night stay.	
Mar 11 2008 	Good deal for Loop	We stayed here while attending a wedding in July 2005. We knew it was a small, business persons hotel and were pleasantly surprised by the size of our room. The room was spacious for two people and the bathroom was also large. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the area and the L was only a few blocks away.	
Mar 11 2008 	Perfect for Business	I am not sure what problems the other reviwers are referencing. I recently stayed at Club Quarters and while I could tell they were renovating the renovation was being handled in a professional manner and I hardly noticed. I am a business traveler and I have experienced far worse renovations. Internet was perfect, felt very secure for downtown Chicago, room was spotless and bed was very comfortable. I could have paid $100 more down the street for a little more room but I felt I got a great value. Morenique and Aaron were incredibly helpful at the front desk.	
Mar 2 2008 	Checked out early and moved to another hotel!	Renovation of the hallways and lobby? That means dust, fumes, and more dust. No one mentioned this when I booked. After a few nights of coughing, swollen eyes, and no sleep, I moved. Oh, and they shut down the restaurant for a week too with a day's notice. And the internet wasn't working properly so that my outgoing emails weren't being sent some of the time. Was there any offer of reduction in the price? Of course not. For just a few dollars more, I moved less than 2 blocks away to a hotel with a normal sized room, a much more comfortable bed, heat that worked, and really pleasant and helpful staff rather than people who were watching tv while I was talking to them about my problem. Never again - and I've stayed there many times - each time with one problem or another. It's cheap but there's a reason it's cheap. I used to say it was at least clean. Well, not this time.	
Feb 28 2008 	Construction woes at Club Quarters Central Loop Chicago	My partner and I checked into the Club Quarters Chicago Central Loop for a two week business trip. We were informed at check in that we would have to move from our first room on the 6th floor after a few days, as construction was scheduled to begin there. The hotel's plan was to move guests around as construction progressed: supposedly we were to be moved to a renovated floor. On the day of the room switch, I discovered that we had been moved INTO a construction zone. Renovations on our new floor had not been completed as planned: the ceilings in the hallways had no tiles--wires were hanging down, and pipes were exposed. Plastic sheeting hung in front of areas where construction was ongoing. The hallways had no paint or wallpaper--electrical sockets had no faceplates. The whole floor smelled of dust, paint, etc. Notes from the management to the guests before the room switch thanked us for our cooperation, but this was beyond belief--no hotel guest could reasonably be expected to stay in those circumstances. The hotel manager was upset by my complaints (I doubt if I was the only one to complain) and after some wrangling offered to move us to a Club Quarters about a mile away. We accepted the offer. I do not know whether the same offer was made to everyone affected. The hotel should never have expected guests to pay for such sub-standard accomodation. They should have delayed the start of construction on a new floor until rooms were ready for occupation on another floor. According to the management, construction will not be completed until June 2008--those considering staying at this Club Quarters before then--be warned!!	
Feb 15 2008 	I'd stay here again	We had lowered expectations due to some of the feed back we read from other guests comments.It's true that the rooms are on the small side but the helpful staff and the location made up for the room size.There were three of us staying in the room so we needed a roll away bed. We needed to upgrade to a &quot;Premium&quot; room to have space for the roll away. The premium room had a fridge and microwave which were very handy for leftovers. The room was clean and in good repair. There was free bottled water at the elevators which was a nice touch.I'm from a small town and had some difficulty finding the parking garage which was approximately three blocks away. Joseph was working the night desk and walked a half a block with me to point the way. I was very impressed that he would go outside on a cold night to help me out like that. Note that the regular public parking rate is $38 a day. The Club Quarters will validate your ticket which will reduce your rate to $20 a day.We also came home early one day and startled our maid which threw her out of her routine. She was going to replace our empty Kleenex box and forgot after she scurried out of our room. I quickly chased her down to ask about getting Kleenex and she apologized four time for forgetting to leave a new box. We had nothing but positive experiences with all of the staff we dealt with.The hotel also offers complimentary wireless internet which was very helpful for checking schedules and activities for site seeing.The location was perfect right in the heart of downtown. We were very happy with the location and would surely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 12 2008 	Not as bad as I thought!	I went with my husband on his business trip to Chicago. The week we went was not the best week, it snowed/rained the entire time. Now our last trip was our honeymoon to St. Lucia, so my mindset is still 5 star quality!!! I was a little hesitant after seeing the pictures on here of the rooms....in all actuality, they weren't bad. We had a suite so we had a little extra room. Sort of strange to me how long and narrow the room was. The bathroom was very tiny, we didn't have enough room to unpack all of our toiletries. Our view was of course of the alley, so that was sort of bothersome. Since this hotel is aimed for business travelers, it gives you all of the necessities, but nothing past that. It was nice to have free bottled water in the hallways. I checked out the workout room on the third floor. It was adequate, a couple of treadmills and a weight machine. Although they say you can request workout machines to be brought to your room. The food in the pub downstairs was ok, not great. There is plenty of room service available, with menus from other restaurants that will deliver. our favorite meal was the pizza/italian place right around the corner from the hotel, I forgot what it is called...Gordonos or something? Anyways, it was really good. If you want to do some sight seeing go to the Signature Lounge in the Hancock building. Very nice. Also we had fun skating in the outside rink in Millenium Park :) Michigan Avenue is where you need to be for the stores and shopping. All in all this hotel was just ok. Not great, not bad. Just in between	
Feb 5 2008	Hotel remodeling in January 2008	This hotel was undergoing renovation in 2008, so part of the first floor was closed. The hotel was generally better than other Club Quarters I have visited in DC, New York and Chicago. The staff is very professional and attentive.The hotel also appeared very clean and well kept. Problems with my room were fixed on the day I reported them.This is a good hotel to choose if you are working in the financial district; many things in the area close down at night, and the usual Chicago attractions are far away. Nevertheless, the hotel connects to an &quot;Elephant and Castle&quot; restaurant, and there is a Starbucks on the corner.	
Jan 23 2008	So-So	The hotel has a few things going for it - 1) great location, 2) very clean, 3) neat pub on the first floor.However, it was extremely TIGHT. We wern't expecting a spectacular view but the view of the alley was a little grim. I am thin as is my fiance, and I felt like we could barely even get INTO the room. I think they may have coverted 1 room into 2 rooms all around the hotel. Also, there's no bathtub - just a small shower with a shower curtain that causes all of your water to leak out on the floor...I would not go back - much rather go to an Embassy Suites or a Doubletree.	
Jan 12 2008 	Good stay few frills	Very central location in the Loop, convenient to trains, some good restaurants and adequate shopping nearby but this is basically a business district so unlike the Magnificent Mile area it's very quiet (= dead) at night.Although CQ is known for small rooms, ours was quite spacious and very clean with nice furnishings. It did not have a fridge or a safe, though. There was construction going on at the front of the building; management said they would put us in another room if noise was a problem but we never heard any. Room was a little chilly during the day but very warm in the evening. We had no interaction with staff except for checking in and out but they seemed to be OK. One thing that I really appreciated was that even though we showed up at 7:00 a.m. after a red-eye flight into O'Hare they let us check into our room right away, no hassles.Amenities included a computer room and small exercise room. Free coffee usually available in the lobby (but not always when construction was going on). Internet connection was available in our room (for a fee I think) but we didn't use it.All in all we were very satisfied, especially since we got a reasonable rate on the internet, and we were basically using it as a base for work and entertainment expeditions. But if you're looking for a place with the full range of amenities this probably won't be what you want.	
Jan 1 2008	No frills but good	I was a little skeptical about staying here since some of the reviews were not very good, but was pleasantly surprised when I was greeted by a nice lady at the lobby, who helped me check in using the kiosk.It's true... the room we stayed in was small (European-size), especially the bathroom, but for the price we paid on Hotwire, it was a decent accommodation in downtown Chicago. If you're a light sleeper, the slamming of doors might bother you, but you should be too tired from exploring the city to hear anything.Located in the financial district, it was nice and quiet after hours and a pleasant walk from Michigan Ave and close to the beautiful Millenium Park. Parking is a bit of a hassle since it's not on-site, but at $19/night compared to the average of $30-40/night elsewhere, it was ok especially if you're on a budget.For good breakfast, try Lou Mitchell's near Union Station as most cafes (not even Starbucks beside the hotel) aren't open on Sunday morning.	
Dec 25 2007 	Yeah good location....But.....	I stayed at Club Quarters July 2006. This was my 2nd stay at this particular Club Quarters for a visit to Chicago. My first trip was in 2004. At any rate....the reason I stayed the SECOND time was cause the 1st experience was grand. I don't know what happened that 2nd time around, cause nothing was really right this time. The 1st time I went, a friend and I were going to Chicago on short notice on a short wknd and needed a hotel in which to stay that wasn't far from everything and we came across Club Quarters after searching online and finally finding a place centrally located downtown AND at a good price. (Like $98 per night)...and for downtown Chicago, thats not bad. The location is GREAT. I carefully read reviews, but took my chances seeing how neither of us were picky people anyway. The 1st time to Chicago, I kind of expected the small rooms, cause seems as if 90% of reviews mentioned this. Yes, the rooms were small but we arent the types that require much space, so we didnt care. We were out of the rooms most of the time anyway. 1st stay was great, 2nd stay...scary.The rooms were FREEZING. The air would't go off even when it WAS off!!!!!! We complained but was never moved stating that they were booked for the weekend. How is it that that's the #1 answer when you have a complaint to the front desk?? Secondly, the parking. We had to park like 3 blocks away from the hotel, and WALK back. TERRIBLE!!! That, also wasnt the case the 1st time we went. Hmm...anyway. Yes they had valet, but it was some insanely expensive price at the time. I don't know if that's changed or not. I will say the LOBBY was pretty and for the most part, the hotel was quiet during our stay. Occasionally you can hear the people in the room next to yours entering or leaving THEIR rooms, but for the most part I can'r recall being constantly awakened by noise. Overall, its &quot;okay&quot;...I guess. But after the 2nd experience, I'll probably never stay there again.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great Location and Value	I rate this ABOVE AVERAGE + Great location if you are traveling by train, only 3 blocks from Union Station. Very easy to walk to theater district and not a bad walk from Michigan Ave shopping. Star bucks and Elephant &amp; Castle Pub are djacent with 24 hour 7-Eleven across the street.Small, clean room but it was very well laid out with everything we possibly needed. We saw much smaller rooms in Chigaco for more money. We got an excellent rate for tis stay at Hotels.com.Computers with Internet in the lobby were nice and the desk clerks were very helpful and polite. Would recommend for any single or couple going to Chicago for a visit. We are planning to stay there again in a few weeks .	
Dec 19 2007	Nice location very small room	I booked this trip on Hotwire so I didnt get to choose the hotel. The location and price were great though for what was listed as a 3 star hotel.Im 6'4 so consider that before reading further.Everything about the hotel was small...the lobby, the elevator, the halls, the rooms. The room had a tiny bed, a tiny window, a tiny bathroom, and overall just very small. It wasnt bad since I didnt do anything but sleep there but it was easily the smallest hotel room Id ever seen. For the hotwire price I cant complain though.Hotel is within walking distance of the Sears Tower, Lake Michigan, Chicago River, and Magnificent Mile. Or you can take the subway to wherever you want to go. Not many places to eat around the hotel so you will have to walk several blocks away. Subway station is 2 blocks either way.Overall a decent hotel, more suited for smaller people traveling alone. I dont think any rooms have more than one bed.	
Dec 19 2007	Very Efficient	A great location within walking distance of everything South of the river, where most of the business centers are located. Great food and theatre within a very short walk ...	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Hotel Very Affordable Excellant Location	There are Pro's and Con's to this hotel. The front desk is awesome. Especially Joseph- He was super informative very very helpful. I called from O'hare Airport and asked how to get to their hotel. He gave me step by step directions that litterally took me all the way to the door. He booked a shuttle trip for me back to the airport, and instead of just telling me the information, that I may have forgotten, he typed it up. Anything I needed, he did his best to get me, or find alternatives.Hotel Pros.Automated Check In... Never seen this before, Thanks again JosephVery clean roomsFree WifiFriendly staffCons.Super Small RoomsPros out weigh cons in my opinion.I will stay here again. I will stay here everytime Im in Chicago.	
Dec 18 2007 	Great Place	I recently stayed at Club Quarters-Central Loop. The place was clean and a nice room off the lobby with computers, cookies and coffee. The rooms although a littler smaller had all the amenities and if i needed something else and the front desk staff got it for me. Aaron, Alyia and Marcus was tending to the guest and were quite knowledgable of the area and restaurants. I would stay here for sure agian and again, you just can't beat the price.	
Dec 3 2007 	Club Quarters- Terrible	Do not stay at this hotel. This hotel was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.1- The hotel staff is EXTREMELY rude. I am a very laid-back low key person and I could not believe the rudeness with their personal conversation, gum chewing, and overall lack of personal care to me as I checked in, checked out or ask the staff questions on directions. I was hoping they would at least fake a smile or make eye contact. I would get better service from a comatose monkey.2- Valet parking is a joke -- the valet was not at the front as I circled 4 times and called from the car to the front desk asking &quot;do you have valet&quot;? Finally he came out and than he stated to me &quot;its $36 per night - you should save your money&quot; WTF!!!!!!!!3- Rooms were extremely small with a bed that was a little bigger than a twin bed. I'm thinking that's fine because I'm only paying $169 per night. The WORST -- they had put a feather bed on top of the bed to make it &quot;nice&quot; and all the feathers were pokeing through pricking my skin all night. I thought I was being bitten by bugs at first--- turns out it was the feather from the feather bed. No extra sheets nothing to put on top of that.I would never ever stay at this place. I stayed here because a friend mentioned that this was located to where I needed to be. NOT WORTH THE MONEY --EVEN IF THEIR RATES ARE CHEAPER---YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!! THEY SUCK!!!!	
Nov 18 2007 	Eh...I've stayed in better and I've stayed in worse.	This was my first trip to Chicago and we got the rooms on priceline.com for $100 per night. I went with 2 other people who shared a room and I had my own room. The room for two people had two TWIN beds. I couldn't believe my eyes! I have never seen twin beds in a hotel in my life. These were two grown men and they said they felt like they were in summer camp or having a slumber party. My first room also had two beds, but the front desk was very accomodating and let me switch right away to a room with one FULL size bed (also extremely strange to me). However, when i went down to get my room key, the front desk clerk jokingly suggested that I might be a problem guest and told me not to come back down to get a room with a view. And yes, I had absoloutely no view except of an alley and another building in my 1/4 size window. However I was happy enough to not have to sleep in a twin bed.The rooms were nicely and contemporarily decorated, but the overall hotel layout was still odd (like having to enter rooms on an angle, really small hallways, weird windows, tiny terrible tv). The stangest part of my entire experience is that they have a sign in the bathroom that says something about how to conserve energy and water, they will only replace towels every other day (also the same for bedsheets). However, if you would like them to replace towels before the second day, that you may place them on the bathroom floor and they will be happy to replace them with fresh towels. Well I decided i needed new towels and after the first night, i placed my towels on the floor to be replaced. After a long day, I got back to my hotel and went to take a shower. The hotel staff took my dirty towels but didn't replace them with any towels. I literally had not one towel in my entire bathroom. I called housekeeping, which apparently is closed after 5 or 6pm and got transferrred to the front desk. The front desk sent someone up with an incomplete set of towels in about 25 minutes. I found this to be an annoyance an inconvenience and for the remainder of my trip never put towels on the floor again for fear they would not be replaced. The last part I want to discuss is my checkout process. The purpose of my trip was business and one of the people I was travelling with had put the room on his company credit card. The day we checked out, we got caught in a business meeting and had to advise the hotel we were checking out late. Even though we told them we would be done and out by 3pm, they never told us there would be an incremental charge of $30 from 1pm-3pm and another $36 from 3pm-6pm and finally after 6pm another $216!!! We checked out at 5pm and when I asked them to place the charge on the original card, they demanded to see it (fortunately my coworker was still there). Plus I asked to pay for my room service on a separate personal credit card, which they told me would not be a problem and took my card. However the next day I checked my credit card statement and they had charged both the room service and the late room fee on my credit card and have yet to refund my money. The best things about the hotel were the centralized location, bottled water machines, the bar/restaurant connected to the hotel (which had last call at 12:15am on a Friday night - totally odd to a New Yorker), and the lobby had a lovely little room with internet and coffee and a tv 5 times the size of the ones provided in the room. But these nice amenities in no way made up for where this hotel was lacking.Would I stay here again? No. Definately not. There are too many options in such a large, lovely city to waste my time again at the Club Quarters.	
Oct 30 2007	Not up to Par........	We stayed at the Club Quarters loop location on the nights of Oct. 19 &amp; 20, 2007. We got a rate of $95/night on Priceline.com. We were put in the &quot;standard&quot; room, which consisted of a double bed, small desk, nightstand, and very small bathroom. Our biggest complaint was the bathroom. It was so very small and cramped that we did not have any room to put our toiletries--there was one shelf that was about 5&quot; wide by 20&quot; long, that's it. Also, the bathroom did not have a fan, and there seemed to be something wrong with the flush valve in the toilet, as the toilet dripped water all night long. There was no iron or ironing board in the room. The room was quite noisy at night--you could hear the sound of traffic, sirens, and the L-train.Plus's --Front desk was very helpful, the room was clean.Probably would not stay here again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	We went to Chicago to visit friends and attend the Taste of Chicago. This hotel was in a perfect location to this event. It was about a 5 block walk from the Taste, which was on Columbus Drive. The hotel was clean, very nice, and it was a very large room. I highly recommend staying here and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2007 	very adequate !!	Found with package on Travelocity inclusive of airfare. Yes rooms are small, but clean and extra touches such as free wireless access, also nice touch of complimentary bottled water in hallways. Staff more than accomodating, things such as holding luggage when arriving early and also when leaving late afternoon for Ohare. Nice exercise facility, although three of four treadmills not working. Overall great value and would definetely go back. Also assume that on site British Pub is good because it was always packed, we never did go in there. Took blue train from Ohare and walked one block to hotel!	
Oct 2 2007 	Great hotel. Nice rooms Great Bed	Very nice hotel. We stayed for 2 nights. Asked for extra pillows and roll away and received them very promptly. Our room was very clean and modern. We got a room on priceline, so decided to upgrade to a suite. It was a very nice room. Not 2 rooms but bigger than other regular rooms. The staff was excellant. The beds were very good also. The only thing I don't like is you have to put your key in the elavator every time you go to your room. We would stay here again.	
Oct 1 2007	Great Hotel!!	After reading a few reviews on this hotel, i expected to arrive for a room the size of a matchbox. But to my surprise it's larger than previous guests describe. Our room has a small kitchenette (microwave, sink, utensils, plates and a mini-ref). the layout is great and everything seems to be well maintained. There is a starbucks in the building and a 7-11 just across the street. This hotel is just a few blocks away from the blue line, so use the trains going into the city from the o'hare (just $2 one way! cheap!) The EL train stations are also close by so going to any tourist attraction is easy. Try buying the ride-all-you-can CTA tickets, it's well worth the price. With free wi-fi internet and bottled water. This hotel is a great find!	
Sep 17 2007 	Positive experience	This hotel can be recommended if you want the Loop and you can get a good deal. My single was small, but I've had lots smaller, and this was clean and comfortable. The shower (no tub) was odd, long and with a nozzle you can take down and use like a hose. The little fridge worked well, and there was a sink, tableware and a micro that I didn't need. You get ice and buckets on the third floor, which also has a washer and dryer (free!) and a couple of computers with Internet access with printers (also free). There are two more computers in the pleasant lounge, and you can get toothpaste and toothbrushes at the front desk. Location is the biggest factor, though - easy walking distance from the El for both airports, and closed to most Loop attractions. My one complaint is that you can hear your neighbor's TV if he has it on too loud. I didn't try the restaurant.	
Sep 8 2007 	Great Hotel-Great Location	We arrived by subway in the middle of the day. The ride was a bit long (55) minutes from O'Hare, but it was cheap. The Jackson (blue line) was only a block away from the hotel and we had no problems finding the hotel from there. From exiting the subway to being in the hotel room was approximately 10 minutes, check in was fast. We stayed on the third floor, view wasn't spectacular but it was nice. The room was clean and seemed to be well kept. The room wasn't huge, but hey your downtown what can you expect. We did not mind the smallness of the room because we only planned on taking breaks and sleeping there. We really enjoyed the location of the hotel. We were only a couple blocks from the Sears Tower and from the red and blue lines. The location made it easy to travel anywhere fairly quick. We had a great stay and would definitly recommend this hotel. I plan on returning to Chicago in the near future and will stay at Club Quarters. The price is definitly better than some of the other downtown hotels. I am fairly picky about cleanliness and I did not have any problems with Club Quarters. The hotel is well kept and efficiently run.	
Aug 9 2007 	An upgraded Hostel	The room was smaller and more out dated than my dorm room from 15 years ago. Our room was not ready on time. I was sharing with a co-worker and we had to rearrange the TWIN beds so I wouldn't have to jump over her bed to get to the restroom. Everything in the room was old and worn.	
Aug 7 2007	Great Find-efficient hotel	Using Trip Advisor, I booked my stay at Club Quarters thru hotels.com. It was $40 less per night than any of the other hotels I was considering and close enough to walk to my business meeting location.I was able to take the Metro Orange line from Midway to the Loop, exiting on Quincy. The hotel is 3 blocks away, saving time and cab fare.A small lobby and needing a room key to access the elevator contributed to both the private club feel and a sense of safety. As noted in the other reviews, the room is quite small, but contained all the essentials-a comfortable bed, a work desk, free internet access, cable TV. Same for the bathroom-small but efficient and with all the essentials.I ordered dinner in from the restaurant downstairs-The Elephant &amp; Castle. Good fish &amp; chips that were delivered within 15 minutes of ordering, piping hot.Starbucks is on the corner, although the hotel has complimentary coffee in the lobby in the morning. 7-11 is across the street.Great location, good prices, no complaints.	
Aug 2 2007	Good Location Good Value	Last week, I attended a national conference in Chicago. The organisation that puts on the conference was supposed to obtain a hotel reservation for me at any one of a number of places, at its reduced, negotiated rate. This never happened. So at the last minute I was forced to look on my own. If you've been pricing downtown Chicago hotels then you know the horror I discovered.After calling a handful of the hotels on my conference list and being told that a room would cost, at the least, twice what the conference rate would have been I went to the on-line services.There really wasn't anything downtown offered except the Club Quarters. I read through some of the poorer reviews and most seemed to settle on the fact that the rooms are very small. There were some pictures posted and these seemed to bear out the descriptions.But I was to be there on a conference and had a good schedule of activities planned out in the evenings, so who needs a big room? The room was exactly as the posted photos indicated. The bathroom was very clean and I had the exact bed spread in the photo. If you've stayed in mid priced European hotels then the room will not seem too small.Service workers in Chicago - in general - are not friendly. The counter staff here are a bit better than average. But the cleaning staff and the restaurant staff are very nice and helpful. The size of the room helps in keeping it cool, which was nice to come back to after trapsing around downtown Chicago in July. The door staff seemed to be attentive of people coming and going and there is an added safety feature of needing a room key to use the elevator. I did not order food, but there are four different restaurants with menus posted in the room that will deliver to the hotel.There is no garage. I don't mention this as a criticism, only as a comment. The hotel is so nicely located that if you are at all ambulatory, you could stay here and never need a car. The Red Line CTA station is only a few blocks away and from there you can come in from the airport and get to almost anywhere. I could take it to my conference, to blues clubs, restaurants, and even Wrigley Field to catch a Cubs game.At half the price of the &quot;cheaper&quot; downtown hotels, next time I will save myself some hassle trying to get the conference hotels and look for a CQ deal.	
Jul 25 2007	Just Ok.	I stayed here one night on a business trip in May. From the airport, we took the El which made for a long trip. The walk is nice from El station to the hotel. The lobby is gorgeous, especially the lounge and the pub that is attached. However, the room was no bigger than a closet. There was barely room to move and the lights did not work. Because I was exhausted from the business meetings, I settled to just turn on the bathroom light to go through my things. Had my husband come with me, there would not have been enough room for the two of us in the room. You could only access the bed from one side and the T.V. was hanging over the desk, so only one person could see it. The air conditioner ran all night, although I had turned it off, and there was a strange trickling noise coming through the vent as I tried to sleep. On the bright side, the bed was very comfortable with nice pillows and soft sheets.In the end, I don't think I would stay here again, unless I knew I could get a bigger room!	
Jul 9 2007	I hear the Club Quarters!!!	This place was awesome. It was clean, comfy and well laid out. You can even bottle your own water! Staff was friendly and the pub downstairs was good food. GREAT LOCATION and has an EL station close by. We will SO be back	
Jun 25 2007 	Location location location!	This Club Quarters is in the heart of The Loop walking distance to the Art Institute and Millenium Park, two blocks from the blue line train to O'Hare, close to shopping, theaters, unpretentious but very modern and well designed, spotless, quiet, welcoming and a true value in a city not known for reasonable hotel rates. Our small but large-enough room had a great city view as well as microwave and mini-fridge. Still can't get over our good luck in finding this little gem. We had never heard of Club Quarters but will now seek them out in other cities.	
Jun 19 2007 	Reasonably PricedGood Location	I stayed at the Club Quarters Central Loop for a long weekend vacation. As many have noted, the rooms are small, but efficiently laid out so it was not a problem. Rooms were clean, staff were courteous. It seemed the neighborhood was much more business oriented and many places were closed on the weekend, but it was a very short walk to many more 'touristy' sites. All of the trains stopped within a few blocks so you could get anywhere you wanted by el or by walking. One thing to be aware of is the king size bed was actually two twin beds. The bed was very comfortable unless you laid down in the center, and could get an elbow stuck in between the two mattresses! I thought a queen would have been more comfortable than having the line down the middle. All in all, it was a good hotel for the money, and I would stay here again if I could get a good rate.	
Jun 15 2007 	Great hotel for a great price	This hotel was half the price of the downtown competitors. But it stacked up to every good hotel I've been to. If your looking for pampering service this isn't it as the desk folks are polite but busy and preoccupied. However the room is clean, well kept and comfortable. The associated pub was not impressive for breakfast (a bit greasy) and I heard some leaving from dinner commenting on how smoky and loud it was. Just down the block was a restaurant called We which I thought was very good and a very short walk. I would stay here again.	
Jun 9 2007	Good central Location	This is a moderate priced hotel for Chicago where prices can get rather high. The rooms are small.Not tiny but yes small but they are clean and well maintained. For a short city or business stay they are perfect. I was here for shopping and served the purpose perfectly as the location is great / safe and in easy walk of city central areas and the mag' mile. Metro/train to airport is very close by within minutes and is on the central loop.I would stay here again. It is a functional hotel at reasonable prices comparied to other locations in downtown area.Bar restaurant on location / next door but did not try but was always very busy.	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Hotel...keep reading for more info	I was very skeptical of staying here after reading some of the reviews on the size of the rooms.....we had two rooms. The club room and a superior room. The club room was on the small size, but not as bad as people made it out to be....and we spent hardly any time in the room so it really did not matter. The superior room was an average size of most hotels rooms. It had a sitting area/desk and kitchenette whereas the other room did not. The hotel was clean, had free access to computers/printers, nice club room in the lobby with daily papers, game, flat screen TV. On your floor you have access to endless amount of free water bottles! The location was great, 4 blocks from the park and 2 blocks from the train and state street where shopping is. I would defiantly go back again!	
May 30 2007 	Great location	As noted in other reviews, the rooms are small, but clean and quiet. The staff wasn't particularly friendly, but not unfriendly either. The pub restaurant on premises was excellent. The location was ideal, located close to train and bus routes.	
May 17 2007 	Nice place + Cheap = Best Deal Ever!	We were headed to Chicago for a long weekend at the end of April. We didn't want to spend a lot on a hotel because our flight was free and we felt like bumming around near museums &amp; architecture, not shopping on the magnificent mile.We found the Club Quarters - Loop on Travelocity. $99 a night sounded too good to be true, but we figured if it sucked we could go somewhere else. Even though the W was only a block away, we had no reason to leave the CQ.The location was great - easy in/out from Midway and since you're in the Loop area - you're one hop away from the entire city. The CQ looks like a clean, efficient business-oriented hotel, with nice furnishings, only 15% smaller. The room was smaller, but had plenty of room for the two of us. The lobby was a little narrower than most hotels - the hallways (on 7) seemed a little narrower, but not claustrophobic. The employees seemed regular size.There is a Starbucks in the building and a pub restaurant as well. The financial district can get slow on the weekends, so it was nice to have these 2 places open nearby. Of course 2 or 3 Dunkin' Donuts are within walking distance, so we didn't go hungry.The CQ was popular with some younger kids the weekend we were there - talk of bachelor parties and clubs wafted around our floor. But the room was quiet. I can't recommend this hotel enough to folks who are budget travellers, or those who typically stay in nicer hotels (I was planning on the Burnham before I found the CQ), but aren't so fussy they can't &quot;rough it&quot; for a few days (but it didn't feel rough).	
May 11 2007 	Great place for the price	We stayed there for one week-end night and it was a very pleasant experience. We had a room for $130, a great deal if you consider the location of the hotel! Sweet price for the quality of our stay. Our room was clean and spacious, the place was very quiet and relaxing. The people working at the front desk did not seem very warm and friendly. But is it important to mention, when the job is done correctly and in a time-effective manner?The hotel offers two types of parking (everybody who already drove in Chicago knows that finding a parking place can become an expensive nightmare...): a self parking just two blocks away for $20 per 24 hrs (only drawback: no in-and-out privilege) and a valet parking for $36 per 24 hrs (but you can request your car as many times as you want). We chose the valet parking and everything went fine. We have to return to Chicago next month and will definitively book a room in this hotel.	
May 9 2007 	We will be back!	We were panicked because a huge convention gobbled up all the rooms in Chicago. Luckily, I found the CQ at a great rate. We took the Orange line from Midway, exited at Quincy and walked around the corner right to the door. GREAT! A very friendly staff here welcomed us, hailed taxis, gave directions, etc. Funny thing, one poster mentioned that they don't explain using your card for the elevator. Lucky for me, this happened a month ago so I was aware! Our room was 529, in a corner, no view. The bottom half of the window was frosted for privacy. At first, I didn't like it, but if I wanted to check for rain, etc, I could stand on a chair. The blinds worked well keeping the room dark and it was quiet except for the normal door noise. The room seemed brand new- no stains, torn furniture, etc and supremely clean. The sheets were okay, but the pillowcases were deluxe! The room was small and had very limited storage- two drawers in the desk and a closet. There was no iron. No frig or mini bar, but there was a coffee maker and real ceramic mugs! There was an easy to use digital climate control. No tub, but a spacious shower with a great removable shower head. Only a small countertop and shelf for storage. There was a swivel makeup mirror in the bathroom and a small hairdryer. TV was 25&quot; and placed on a table on an angle, but it had free HBO, Showtime and rental movies. I was pleasantly surprised at the workout room. They had 4 Cybex treadmills, a Cybex elliptical, one True elliptical, 2 bikes, one regular, one recumbent. They also had free weights, a few machines and space for floor work. The room had 2 TVs with channels listed on wall. They also had a scale, water machine and towels.  We didn't eat at their British pub style restaurant ,the Elephant and Castle. They didn't serve breakfast, btw. The menu was pathetic for vegetarians with only one entree- a veggie burger- no meat free salads or pasta. Hey, you're in Chicago, better choices are a short walk away at any time! Another nice touch was a water and bottle dispenser by each elevator. Bottom line, you can pay lots of $$$ for spacious rooms, toiletries, etc or you can save your money for great shopping , restaurants, etc and stay at a place which has all you need. If you stay longer than a few days, you might miss the storage space. However, I'm used to living out of a suitcase and was a very satisfied guest at this place! I will be back!	
May 3 2007 	Nice room...great deal	I got this room for 149.00 per night. Great deal considering it was right in the central loop! I must have gotten one of the biggest rooms on the floor; it was right by the elevator... I was only one person; so I would have been happy with a small place.   Updated decor and I had a mini fridge and wet bar, with a microwave and coffee maker! The bathroom was a little small (no counter space) The room right by the elevators is pretty loud, but I am a deep sleeper so it wasn't a problem at night. Plus the bed was far away from the side where the elevators were...by the window. BTW, the bed was very comfortable, I probably got better sleep there, then I do in my own bed!  My view was of the ally and I could see the people in the office buildings pretty clearly... but I was only there for business, so the view didn't matter. There was a nice desk to set up my laptop and also the wifi worked great!  The only problem we had with the cards going up to the elevator and getting in the room; they didn't explain that to me, and maybe that's the norm in Chicago and other big cities.. but I had no idea and the doors shut and luckly there was someone in the elevator who told me what to do. Then the cards stopped working and I (along with other guests) had to get our cards (re-magnitized). They checked IDs when they did that, so I felt confortable that they did that...  The doormen and front desk people were very nice and helpful, if I looked lost, they would help me. There is a Starbucks downstairs on the corner, which is nice. I walked to the Sears Tower, and many resturants near by. I would stay again! Thanks Club Quarters!	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Location Great Price Great Hotel	We wanted to arrange to stay a night in Chicago after seeing the play, &quot;Wicked.&quot; With improved weather during the Spring and Summer, there is increased pricing at hotels. We were pleased to find Club Quarters after a web search. We didn't know what to expect because we have never heard of it before . We've stayed in Chicago four times in the last eight months. We read Club Quarters reviews on Trip Advisor and found that most people had a pleasant experience. We too found the hotel to be quite lovely. The beds were great as well as the pillows. Yes, the rooms are small (cozy) but noone expects to spend a lot of time in their rooms in downtown Chicago. We were pleased with the accomodations. The Chef Salads we selected in the restuarants before the show were just right. Would we stay here again? In a heartbeat.	
Apr 19 2007 	Location good hotel acceptable	Booked through Orbitz and $80 a night for a weekend we really couldn't complain. Hotel only a couple of block from the subway (blue line brings you straight from O'Hare for only a couple of dollars each). In the business district so a little quiet at the weekend and you will have to walk up town to find a more varied selection of bars/restaurants. Elephant &amp; Castle pub/restaurant attached to the hotel good for a drink if you like fake British pubs. Food not great and we found it rather smoky but it was an easy option.Our room was small by American standards but perfectly adequate for 2 of us (1xQueen bed). We were on the 6th floor facing Adams Street (I had asked for a high room having read previous comments about noise). I think the 8th floor is the highest. The hotel was really quiet and we had no-one next door to us. Whilst simple modern decor I thought the room (bathroom in particular) looked a little tired &amp; could do with a repaint. The bathroom was very small and we had a shower (no tub) - not a problem but to be aware of if you have children or are larger than average.Only 2 pillows on the bed and we wanted more. Room instructions said they were available in the &quot;Guest Amenities&quot; closets located on each floor. We had a look in the closet and found 2 pillows but neither had covers on and both were stained (nice!).Room would have benefited from a safe for guest use. Ours did not have one.Machines on each floor with empty plastic bottles and dispensing drinking water to fill them with was a nice touch.Staff all very friendly. We were there on a particularly cold April weekend and the concierges always opened and closed the doors behind us. Front desk staff always acknowledged us coming in and out. Felt reassured by requirement in elevator to use room key to operate it - a good security measure.Whilst not understanding the previous reviewers full situation I can't really comment but I was interested to note the observation that it took over an hour for the concierge to find the person a chair. There is a large guest lounge just off the lobby where we saw plenty of seats. Failing that there is a bar/restaurant off the lobby on the other side. Perhaps this was a different hotel?	
Apr 11 2007 	Rudest concierge ever	I stayed 5 days at the Club Quarters. Excellent location for people interested in architecture, the bedroom was dark but spacious and clean. When coming in and out of the hotel the concierge would not answer to my greetings. On the last day I suffered an accident at breakfast (outside the hotel) and when I came back from the hospital, groggy and using crutches, the doormen did not even helped me to get out of the taxi or held the heavy doors of the hotel open for me. I had to wait a few hours for the shuttle that would take me to the airport, and the concierge failed to arrange me a chair and a glass of water. I had to ask 5 times and wait almost an hour for a chair, and gave up on the water. I was exhausted, in pain, I explained that to the concierge, and he barely looked at me, treated me as if I were a worm. Any good hotel would have pampered a person in distress, but Club Quarters service was particularly rude and uncivil. I wrote them a letter afterwards, the answer was not properly apologetic.	
Apr 5 2007 	Great - Centrally Located	I was looking for a hotel in downtown Chicago for just one night - myself, husband and 5 year old son. After a quick, courteous check-in we got to our room and found out we didn't have a sofa sleeper as requested (for our son). I called the front desk and he said to come back down and they'd have a different room for us right away. We were fortnuate and did not hear any internal noise nor any noise from Adams Street. The room was a little small for 3 people if you planned to hang out for a while, buy why do that when you're in Chicago! The bathroom was spacious, well equiped and clean. The little kitchenette and desk were perfect for a couple or business traveler. It's an easy 4 block walk to the Sears Tower. The El train is even closer. Quick, courteous check-out. We would defintiely stay there again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Centrally Located Freindly Staff	I booked thru Hotwire.com and was a bit leary at not knowing where I was going to stay. I went to Chicago for the Bears Fan Convention March 31 to April 1, 2007. After I booked on Hotwire, Club Quarters came up. I had never heard of the hotel and was dismayed to see they want a credit card deposit for incidentals. I do not have a credit card. Once you book on Hotwire, you can not change your booking. I called the hotel and was told, no problem, just leave $50 cash. (On arrival, the front desk lady told me it was $50 a day. I told her that's not what the guy on the phone said. I had no problem paying, as I had the cash on me. I was about to give her the $100 when I asked about a Bank of America ATM. She gave me the location and then said it was for telephone use and movie purchases. I laughed and said I was in town for the Bears Fest and I have a mobile. She said to give her $60.)I arrived quite early for check in, 9am to be precise and check in is at 3pm. The staff was able to find me a room and check me in any way. I was told it was a smoking room, but could NOT smell any smoke. I even sniffed the curtains and no smoke smell. The room is VERY spacious. I estimate it to be 17 ft by 8 ft. The bed was quite comfortable and the temperature of the room excellent. The shower is also quite large and I had hot water on demand. The bathroom and room itself were really clean. There is free internet access in the business center. The business center on floor 3 next to the ice machine and vending area is small. There is one computer and one printer. I only needed to use it twice and did not have to queue up. The only downside to my stay: the rooms are not sound proof and I could hear what seemed like every door opening and closing nearby. But I did NOT hear any of the traffic on Adams St.The staff were freindly and courteous. My deposit was refunded to me in full when I checked out (I didn't use the phone or the TV - I was busy with daBEARS!!!! ) The hotel is centrally located, plenty of bus and el routes nearby. It is within walking distance to all major sites in the loop area. There is a Starbucks next to the hotel and a 7-11 across the street that is open 24 hours a day. There is a Bank of America with an ATM a block away.	
Mar 27 2007 	A very good experience!	What can I say?? This is a very great hotel! I enjoy my stay for several reasons:1. PriceI booked the room through Travelocity. Two nights cost me 210 dollars, which is not bad at all, compared to other downtown hotels. I am happy with the price! (But please don't tell me you get a room with an even lower price :p)2. LocationThe location is definitely one of the reasons why you should stay here. Very close to State St. Very close to blue line and red line stations too! Not to mention the free blue trolley. I didn't take the bus; so I can't have a day on that. It's also very close to the Amtrak station. (Not to say you should travel by train tho. I did, and it's not pleasant...) I think it's a rather safe neighborhood. I didn't feel scary walking late back to the hotel. 3. Clean and comfortable roomI've been to NYC several times; therefore, I have this phobia for booking a hotel room in big cities. At first, I did get a bit worried about the room in CQ, because of its rather low price. According to my past experiences in NYC, low price mostly = low quality. But CQ completely overthrows that idea! I booked a basic single room with a double-bed. Surprising, it's rather spacey. The bed is very comfortable. Not too hard, not too soft. And it seems/smells clean. The bathroom is also clean and bright. Although there's no bathtub, yet c'mon do you use the bathtub in hotels? I wouldn't. Hot water is not an issue. Overall, I am very satisfied with the room. 4. FacilitiesFor some unknown reason, my wireless didn't work in the room. But since I just need to check emails, I went down to the 3rd floor to use their computer. It's free, including the printing. Maybe I was lucky. I didn't need to wait to use the computer on two nights. If I am going back to Chicago again, I will definitely stay at CQ.	
Mar 13 2007 	BEST value ever!!!!	LOVED LOVED LOVED the Club Quarters in Chicago! The location was easy to get to from O'Hare (close to the CTA - take the Blue Line to Monroe and walk 2 blocks). Staff was very helpful and informative. The room was very comfortable, clean and offered wireless Internet connection. Definitely the best value in town (booked through hotels.com -- cheapest weekend rate in the city). I highly recommend this hotel for all travellers!	
Feb 11 2007 	Club Quarters is my new Chicago home!	What a great find! Inexpensive (compared to most downtown Chicago hotels), convenient location, and a great room. I have read other reviews that complained about the size of the rooms; my room was perfectly big enough for me and would have been fine for two. The bed was great, comfortable, the room very elegant and servicable. Small but very well-appointed bathroom with a HUGE shower. Plenty of storage throughout room. Room and entire hotel was clean, clean, clean. Great eatery attached (English pub) with great wait-staff, or you can order in and have food delivered. Valet parking reasonable and convenient (and pleasant attendants). The hotel was full of students that night, but my room was 100% quiet. As a very frequent traveler I highly recommend this hotel. Happy travels!	
Jan 19 2007 	Great deal excellent location and value	I also booked this hotel through hotwire.com and got the room for $127 on a weekend when the Bears were playing. After booking and finding out I was staying here I read the reviews and thought the room was going to be so tiny, but the room was definately a normal size hotel room. The room was very clean, smelled good and the location was excellent. Each day we walked to the train station which is just about a block and a half away and we traveled to different parts of Chicago and we were close enough to walk to Soldier Field and other downtown sites.I would definately stay at this hotel again and overall I had an excellent experience for the price I paid.	
Dec 30 2006 	Good value for Business/Budget travelers	Booked this hotel through my husband's business, since that's how most Club Quarters work. Although he'd stayed at this hotel several times in the past, it was my first experience here - and my husband's first experience there in a non-business capacity.Overall, the room was much smaller than I expected -- typical for a property that caters to business travelers. But the shower more than made up for it! It was a HUGE space, with a nice showerhead that offered good water pressure. The rest of the bathroom wasn't as big, but it was ok. Not much counterspace, though, especially since the coffeemaker took up a lot of room!Our room had also had wireless internet, a mini-fridge, decent-sized closet, loveseat-like chair, and a queen-sized bed.We didn't spend much time actually in the hotel, but what we did see of the lobby and restaurant were very nice. Service was professional, if not overly friendly.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great Room for the Price	Booked late for a weekend in Chicago - most hotels were sold out - booked thru hotwire. The location was great - just 2 blocks from the museam and south michigan avenue - close to midway and out of the way of big crowds associated with the magnificent mile but still close (25 minute walk - 10 minute &quot;L&quot; ride). Incredilbly close to the theatre district. I wasn't expecting much from the room - it was small but adequate for 1 person and we did request a roll-away which was promptly brought to us. Yes, it was small but we were in Chicago!! Caution ... Do Not Try To Change Your Reservation if booked thru hotwire - they will not let you!! Overall good experience - but I wasn't expecting much.	
Nov 23 2006 	Club Quarters Chicago Loop Review	My aunt and I stayed here for 3 nights in November (got the room on Hotwire, payed $198 plus tax per night). It was clean, quiet, small, quite ok for a business person, but it was a bit claustrophobic for 3 nights for us. Every employee we encountered was very polite and helpful. My only real complaint is that every night about 4:30am we were awakened by a loud banging sound. We mentioned it to 2 employees, who had no idea what it was, but a maintenance man was walking by and overheard us, he said it was the sound of steam pipes being turned on too fast. Other than that, a very good stay. Elephant and Castle had fish and chips that melt in your mouth. Hotel is in a great location, if the price is right. Berghoffs and the Grillroom we highly recommend. Had dessert under the Christmas tree in the Walnut Room at Macys, saw the King Tut exhibit, Shedd Aquarium, Art Institute, even got to attend a taping of Oprah. Ginos East Pizza is excellent. Had a great time, stayed an extra night at another hotel, will review separately. All in all, loved Chicago!	
Nov 13 2006 	great place for short stay	My husband and I were in Chicago for a theater show and wanted to stay right downtown, but for a reasonable price. We checked into Club Quarters in the afternoon and walked around. The hotel room is small but very clean and modern. Everything we needed was right there. There is an attached English bar/restaurant that was very good. Would recommend highly if just in for short stay.....	
Nov 6 2006 	Great deal for a great location	Ok, here is the scoop:Yes, the room was small...but very adequate and accomdating. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was roomy and the location was great. You are a cab\train\bus\walking distance from anything. We have family that lives in Chicago, so we visit frequently. We booked a last minute trip and choose priceline to get a nice hotel at a reasonable price (and anybody who has been or is trying to go to Chicago, knows rooms downtown can be $$$$). I had read the reviews after booking and was a little hesitant. Don't be. Honestly, the room was very clean and for those who want to spend more time enjoying Chicago...rather than sitting in a room...you will be just fine here. However, if you are looking for accodations like The Ritz...then STAY at the Ritz. You won't find it for less than $100. Save your $$ and use it to buy couture in Chicago...or a great meal!	
Nov 6 2006 	Nice business hotel	Was a little worried after reading some reviews and was pleasantly surprised. Only paid $80 thru Priceline, so perhaps if I had paid twice that much I would have been disappointed. Rooms were small but modern and nicely decorated. Very comfy queen bed - and yes, just one bed, so don't think you'll fit 4 in a room! Check in was quick and painless - professional staff. They couldn't accomodate our request for adjoining rooms, but did have us on the same floor (about 4 doors away from each other.) The hotel was full when we checked in at 6:30pm Saturday and since I hadn't called earlier to make that request I didn't feel like it was unreasonable that they couldn't fill my request.Do have to agree that the wall seemed paper thin when the guests next to us returned to their room pretty late. I felt like I was eavesdropping on their conversation. Luckily they weren't in the mood for an all-night party and things quieted down in short order.We checked out at 10:30 on Sunday but were going to a 2pm matinee of Wicked so they kept our luggage ($1/bag) and had no problem leaving our car there (valet parking of $36 for the night, with no add'l charges for leaving it there until 4pm) while we explored Chicago by taxi and on foot.	
Oct 26 2006 	a ripoff at list rates	Only stay here if you can get it for less than $100 on priceline or something. It does not look or feel like a real hotel, the rooms seem more like a dormitory. They will only sleep 2, and you had better be comfortable with the other person. All in all I hated it, but since I only paid $80 it was probably a good deal.	
Oct 16 2006 	I cannot understand the complaints!!	Before I stayed here I read many reviews complaining about small rooms, neighbour noise etc. Although the latter wasn't a problem - maybe I was lucky! I found the rooms to be perfectly large enough for a couple with a separate sleeping area with a very comfy bed, sitting area with couch and huge TV, study area with desk, small kitchenette with sink, microwave and fridge, compact bathroom but what do you want to do in a bathroom except the obvious!! The hotel was very secure needing a card to operate the lift and the decor was ok if a little jaded. The hotel offered room service from their own restaurant or from a few neighbouring ones. also the location was great right in the central loop and a 15 min walk from the Magnificent Mile.Also the price was good compared to other well known establishments. But beware US tax is not included in price quotes and makes a huge difference but this is general!!All in all I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 4 2006	Rooms are fine but had temperature Control Problems	I have stayed at this property five other times. Each time, I was fine with the rooms. They are very small but are efficient and clean. They are nicely decorated. Some of the bathrooms are quite large. The location is is a nice Loop location (this is not close to the Mag Mile so be aware of that).Here is the problem I have had every time I have stayed there...I have always had problems with the temperature of the rooms. In summer, the air conditioner never gets the room comfortable enough (no matter how low I set it, the room is always too warm). In winter, the room got so cold and the heater never got the room warm enough (no matter how high I set it). My question? Why have temperature controls in the room if they don't allow you to control the temperature?	
Sep 18 2006 	Good location	We got to the hotel 4 hours before check in. They took our bags and we left to go sight seeing. When we got back the bags were already in our room, we could just check in and relax. The hotel is in a great location, we could walk to most of the museums and attractions and the L is very close. I don't mind the size of the rooms and they were clean. My only complaint is with the bathrooms. There was no ventilation fan so it got very damp and didn't seem to dry out. And the shower was only separated from the rest of the bathroom with a curtain. The water ran under the curtain and pooled on the bathroom floor about 1/4 inch deep. If I didn't want to be sloshing around for the rest of the stay I had to mop the floor with a bath towel after each shower. But we got a good deal on Priceline and the location made up for the shower problems.	
Sep 9 2006 	promises a lot more than they can keep	The rooms are for Chicago standards dark and very small. Most of them have a view on the brick wall of the next building. The floor I was on as well as my room smelled of smoke, even though I requested non-smoking. The wireless access works only in part of the building and much of the the computer equipment is broken. The staff is very nonchalant about this and had some very interesting explanations for this (&quot;A virus in the wireless router&quot; ???). In summary a place of last resort when everything else in Chicago is booked (they always seem to have rooms open on the weekend) but not worth the money.	
Aug 29 2006	Great Location Average Rooms	The location is awesome and perfect if you don't plan on spending anytime in your room - other than sleeping. Very convenient for business travelers too. There is a nice common area to lounge around and enjoy the free internet and coffee. Rooms are nothing to write home about and don't expect to take a nice, relaxing bath - there aren't any.	
Aug 27 2006 	Great Place for Great Price	The hotel is perfectly located in the west loop. 3 minute walk from Quincy station. I stayed four nights in a very cozy room away from the mundane noise. The hotel itself was small, but very comfortable. Although I didnt get the best view of downtown, or quite any view at all, just a window half way tinted, still plenty of light came in. I didnt need the extra commodity of seeing out. Long story short, the hotel staff was friendlty and very helpful. The hotel was packed during my four-night stay, lots of tourist from different countries, not only business men. Various shops are located near the store, (three walgreens in less than a minute walk from the hotel) The hotel is located about 2 minutes walking distance from sears tower, and 30 second walking distance from monroe blue line station. One more block and you'll be in jackson red line station.The only downside to my stay was that downtown dies out after business hour, there is no much to do on this side of the loop after hours. So if like to party and visit the city for fun, for half the price stay here. IT WAS GREAT!!!	
Aug 26 2006 	Awesome price for the location	Booked on priceline to get the best deal! Yes the rooms are small, but clean, friendly and professional staff, felt safe walking back to the hotel late at night. Parking was a little pricey but it's valet so we didn't have to worry about where to park.	
Aug 16 2006 	Tight but PRIME spot	CQ is a great place to stay...very secure, great location, extremely clean, but rather a tight room.If you are the type that likes to hang out in your hotel room, then it may be a tad too small for your lifestyle. However, if you are the type that goes in and out and just see it as a place to rest, change, and sleep...then it will do. The hotel is just a couple blocks from Michigan Avenue, and it's just about a $6 ride to the aquarium/museums. Overall though, I give it two thumbs up. One thing, the service is a tad slow, but not to a point of major frustration.	
Jul 31 2006 	great stay	Just got back from a weekend trip and I was very impressed with this hotel. It's in a great location, right in the loop with a ton of places to visit nearby (including the art museum and parks and stuff). The room itself was pretty roomy, but it was a corner room, so that may have been why. The bed was comfy and the room was decorated nicely. We had giant windows that took up 2 of the 4 walls, so that also made the room feel bigger. Everything was clean and the people working there were nice, if not totally friendly. Anyways, I got the room for $79 on hotwire and I feel that it was an excellent value, especially when you consider the location.	
Jul 24 2006	Wonderful hotel!!	This hotel was absolutely wonderful. I really can't imagine why there were some bad reviews on this site. I have to be the first to admit that I'm quite a picky person and I always want a nice place to stay. We've travel quite extensively and I feel the room makes or breaks a trip. Since my husband and I were traveling with a single friend, we decided to go to priceline to request a room instead of paying the ridiculous prices the hotels were asking! We were able to get Club Quarters for $130 a night. My husband and I had a very large room with a refrigerator and microwave AND a full bath (tub and all!) at no extra cost. Our single friend had the standard room but it was quite nice. None of us felt it was small at all and was great for 1 person. She a view overlooking the downtown area also. The hotel is close to everything. It's a great city and easy to get around by train, bus , or walking. The hotel staff was always helpful and if they didn't know the answer they asked someone who did.The rooms were extremely clean. We asked for extra towels and coffee and we were given more than enough.I would HIGHLY recommend staying here and am looking forward to staying at other Club Quarters throughout the United States	
Jul 11 2006	Great location in downtown for the price	We stayed at the Club Quarters in the downtown loop for 7 days and had a really good time. The hotel is clean, quiet, &amp; the staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was rather small, but cozy. It's only a few blocks from Union Station, 5 blocks to Michigan Avenue. We found a good, old fashioned style restaurant down the street for breakfeast, which was a 1/2 block east of Clark St on the north side. Can't remember the name though. The parking garage they recommended was good, although they don't allow any in or outs during the day. So we had the car parked the whole time, and only cost $19 per day after the hotel put their stamp on it. So if we go back we'll stay there again, as Chicago is a fun town, with lots of sites to see and good times to be had.	
Jul 10 2006 	Club Quarters: Great Value!	I stayed at the Club Quarters this May while in Chicago for a conference, and it served my purposes perfectly. The lobby area was new and clean with a lounge area for guest to relax or check the internet. The check-in system was fast, the staff at the front were friendly and helpful, and the room was clean and comfortable. I was pleased with the hotel, especially when considering the affordable rate. I would definitely not dine in the restuarant next time, but would certainly stay at Club Quarters again.	
Jul 5 2006	Its okay	We werent expecting much from this hotel so we werent disappointed. Others have claimed that the rooms are small but we didnt have a small one at all. It was located in the inside walls so there was no window which gave it a jail kindof feel. The shower gave it a kindof school gym feel. Others complained about the aircondition being turned off and not receiving new towels. There are numerous little notes around the room specifiying that if you want new towels to place your old ones on the floor and to notify the front desk if you want your air to stay on as they turn it off during the day. My main complaint about this hotel was how absolutely humid it was in our room. After a day of walking my husband and I would come back to the hotel and freshen up. I'd wash my face but still feel completely sticky. We bought carmel popcorn which became soggy after keeping it in the hotel room. No matter how low we set the a/c we couldnt get rid of the humidity in the room. My other complaint is that we moved our car into valet the last day so we could have in and out service. When we went to pull it out we were told they couldnt due to a road being closed for the 4th. This was several hours before the fireworks and we even specified when dropping off the car that we were pulling it out of self service so we could use it for dinner. Moving the car to valet was pointless and only ended up costing more. Had we known this before we wouldve bought day CTA passes as we had thought we wouldnt need it since we only road it once that day. It wouldve been cheaper since we had to use it for dinner to get the pass. Overall the hotel was sufficient but nothing really to rave about.	
Jul 5 2006	Great location decent hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Club Quarters hotel for the Taste of Chicago festival, staying two nights (July 1-2).First off, the location is fantastic. The hotel is located on the corner of Clark and Adams. It is about five blocks from Union Station and four blocks from the Art Institute on Michigan Avenue. If you a fan of coffee, there is a Starbucks on that same corner. But, I seemed to notice that Starbucks were about every two blocks, slightly more prevalent than McDonald's.There were two issues we had. First, we were unable to get an extra pillow. We called the front desk on two consecutive nights. The first night, the receptionist said one would be right up, but it never came. The second night, we were told that there were no extra pillows in the hotel.The second issue was noise. The way the room doors are right next to each other - within inches. Whenever the neighbor would close the door, it sounded like ours was being closed, it was so loud. Walls seemed pretty thin - we could hear conversations pretty easily. With earplugs, it was not much of a problem at night, but it wasn't the quietest place, though street noise was relatively low. Staying at hotels sometimes feels like a coin flip as far as getting people in neighboring rooms that are respectful of others - we just had bad luck.The room itself was small, especially the bathroom, but the bed was comfortable, the room was nicely decorated, the air conditioning worked great, and we had plenty of hot water. The lobby area is small but functional. The attached restaurant, Elephant and Castle, served pretty good French toast.	
Jul 4 2006	Clean comfortable and quiet	We stayed at Club Quarters for two nights over July 4th weekend. We checked in around 7:30 pm. on Sunday evening without any difficulties. We used the valet parking which is $36 per night. A bit steep, but it is Chicago. Our room was very clean and served it's purpose. Yes, it is small, but I knew what to expect given the other reviews. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway. After dropping our things, we walked around the surrounding area. Location is perfect. We were in walking distance to Millenium and Grant Park and the Sears Tower. We actually walked to the Magnificant Mile on Monday, which is quite a hike, but doable. The restaurant attached to the lobby was nice, we had a late night snack on Sunday and Breakfast on Monday, as well as a few beers here and there. We really enjoyed the Steak Crostini, Chicken Picks, and Potato Skins. We had two breakfast bagels for breakfast, which were very good and not greasy. The only complaint we had was the bed. Although it felt very comfortable when you initially laid down, it was hard to really get in a comfortable position as the pillows were very soft, but fluffy. Hard to explain it, but neither of us had a decent night sleep either night. For the deal we got on the room, it was well worth it. We booked through Expedia and it was $300 for both nights, not including parking. We would stay there again as it was very convenient and we felt very safe.	
Jul 1 2006 	Nice surprise great location for business	I wasn't expecting much but I have to say the Club Quarters Chicago Loop was a nice surprise. If you are working in the loop it is a great location. The rooms are on the smallish side but they are clean and modern. I like the self-check in kiosks and free wireless. Price was decent. Overall, a good choice. Don't bring a car into the loop. Parking is very expensive.	
Jun 28 2006	Club Quarters Was Perfect For Us	Make no mistake; Club Quarters is not a swanky downtown luxury hotel. It also does not have the price tag of high-end hotels like The W or Palmer House (both within 2 blocks of C.Q.). If you want to be pampered in a loop hotel, you need to shell out several hundred dollars more a night more then you will at Club Quarters. The folks that are trashing this hotel in their reviews were obviously expecting a 5 star hotel at an unrealistic price.If you choose to stay at Club Quarters what you can/should expect is an extremely clean, amazingly located, remarkably comfortable, safe corporate apartment style hotel. Yes the hallways are small, the amenities basic and the desk staff minimal, but for the money it is a great deal. The rooms are not huge but more then adequate in size. Older NY or London hotel rooms are half the size as these, as are the basic rooms in the Vegas MGM. We estimated that the room was roughly 11 by 30 not including the closet or bathroom.The room was nicely decorated with several modern accents, nice furniture, a comfortable bed and good lighting. The bathroom was clean, brightly lit and larger then we expected based on the reviews we read here. We did hear occasional outside city street noise, but nothing major or disturbing. Extra towels, shampoo, coffee and such are available in a self serve manor from a nearby closets on every floor. Do not expect a fancy view from your window, instead use the amazing location to your advantage and walk the few blocks to the Art Institute or any of the other nearby attractions. The hotel is near three different Loop train stops. Taxis are easy to catch right out the front door. Since Club Quarters is in a quieter part of downtown, if you are looking for nightlife you might need a cab, but there are many nearby bars and restaurants (several that deliver to the hotel). There is also a small fridge and microwave in the room along with the usual stuff you would expect. My wife and I booked our stay on Priceline and got a midweek rate of $150, far less then anything else we found for similar dates on Orbitz, Expedia, Hotels.com  Remember, this is not a standard hotel it is geared towards the business traveler usually dealing with corporate accounts. We were pleasantly surprised with the room and would stay there again.	
Jun 4 2006	Great location incompetent staff...	The Club Quarters location was perfect for our weekend in Chicago- it is a great location, convenient to subway, art institute, millennium park and michigan avenue. The rooms were small but very clean and quiet. However, the staff had problems with simple tasks like charging our credit card. They &quot;accidently&quot; over charged us by 5 times what are nightly rate was and since there was no manager on duty they could not fix the mistake. There is a very good British pub right next to the hotel.	
May 29 2006	Nice stay	Just got back from a weekend stay. The hotel is a nice. Very clean rooms, friendly staff and good hospitality. The rooms are small, but are fine for 2 people if you don't plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel. Comfortable beds. Easy acces to CTA transportation buses and trains to get around the loop. We got the rooms for around $90/night. Great value for that price and location. I would recommend it.	
May 21 2006 	An absolute hole...just awful	Club Quarters on West Adams isn't really a hotel. When you visit their website, it sounds as if you'll be staying in some elite executive apartment. The reality is that the accurate part of this description is that Club Quarters is not a hotel. What it is, really, is just a poor apartment building, maybe two steps above a transient hotel. The rooms a VERRRRY small. I weight just under 200 pounds and could barely fit in to the bathroom, the entry is so ridiculously narrow. The walls are thin, the reception staff less than friendly. Good point: it has a nice British-style pub in the lobby. Having stayed in many Chicago hotel, I rate this hotel in the bottom 5 percent.	
May 15 2006	We had a great time	We just got back from Chicago and really loved the Club Quarters Loop. I see some really negative reviews and I can't understand how people didn't like this hotel unless they are just REALLY hard to please or used to 5 star hotels which this isn't. What it was though was a small, very nicely laid out and appointed hotel with really friendly staff and everything we needed including a gym and a really welcoming lounge with free internet. Most lounges are empty most of the time, but this one was cosy and friendly with people in it most of the day. We had a problem with our toilet - someone came up 15 minutes later to take care of it. We asked for extra blankets and were directed to the self-serve closet down the hall where there were blankets, pillows, irons, and extra supplies for the room. Theh location was excellent - near all of the CTA lines and a number of buses. The lay out is a bit odd with labyrinthine corridors, but the end result is you have only one neighbor so no noise of people coming and going all night. Our room was a suite - definitely a good idea if you have a family because the sofa/bed and kithenette were a plus. Our friend travelling with us had a regular double which was small, but very clean and nice. In short it was a sweet, well situated hotel for a very reasonble price and we would stay there again happily.	
May 9 2006 	Small but perfectly formed...	I stayed at the Club Quarters on West Adams for 8 nights for business, after getting a good deal through Hotel.com. The hotel itself has a compact reception area with a decent lounge next to it with 2 internet access PC's (free of charge), as well as free printing facilities...cool. They have two more internet access PC's on the 3rd floor.The reception and hotel staff in general are friendly and efficient.The rooms themselves are relatively small, by comparison to the usual gargantuan proportions of other US hotels, but any traveller from the UK (or elsewhere in Europe) will find them of normal size. The room was clean and had adequate storage, with a T.V., microwave and fridge as well as a coffee perculator. The bathroom did not have a bath but did have a large walk in shower.The hotel is actually located in the financial district of the city so there isn't much going on in the way of bars and restaurants after 6.00 p.m, but it's only a 10 minute walk north across the river before you hit all of the night life you could want.If you want to locate closer to the action then there is another Club Quarters on Wacker Avenue but I assume this would cost more money.The only downside to the one on West Adams is the so called British pub attached to it, The Elephant and Castle is actually a carbon copy of a British 'theme pub'. The breakfast offered is exorbitantly priced, not very good and the service isn't up to much either. There are plenty of breakfast places within 5 minutes of the hotel so I used those instead.The Americans might think the pub is quaint but I just thought it was 'naff'.	
May 4 2006 	Small but central	Stayed for a conference so prices were hiked up, $1000 for 5 days seemed a bit steep.Small foyer small rooms but compact with fridge etc, car parking is pricey and dont be in any hurry to get your car. very central location though off michigan ave for shops etc. It is a beautiful city on the up with great restaurants etc. Staff very friendly and courteous. Best for business or for short stay	
May 1 2006	Excellent!	Definitely excellent! Our experience was not lacking in any way. My husband and I stayed at the end of March for two days. The room was excellent, very roomy, up to date decor, clean, very much up to international standards (I'm American but live in New Zealand). Service was great, atmosphere wonderful, I loved the selection of menus from local restaurants that you can order from and have added to your room tab. I appreciated the mini kitchen, I think that's something sorely lacking in American hotels and motels. We didn't eat at the restaurant on the premises so don't have comment on that. One reviewer had issues with the air conditioning; the info binder in the room did mention that they turn off the heating/air conditioning while you're out for the day, to save energy, but that can be left alone upon request, and our room had its own controls. The price was excellent, especially for what we got. And if you're into downtown Chicago, the location doesn't get better than this. I feel like we got to experience a little bit of authentic Chicago, not just another corporate cookie cutter hotel. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm definitely going to book this place again. In short, no shortcomings in my opinion and I can be pretty discerning.	
Apr 24 2006	OK if you don't want A/C	Remember way back when businesses hung signs out front that read Air Conditioned in order to lure customers? Well, apparently, the wealthy owners of Club Quarters were never impressed by such extravagant frivolities as cold, conditioned air. However, someone should be credited with the training given the front desk personnel in explaining to guests, politely, Sir, but your room is cool or we turn the A/C off for the entire building at 8:00 p.m. and, my favorite, well be glad to deliver another fan up to your room to blow the air around. Before arriving at CQ, we called ahead and requested a sofa bed for our suite. We were assigned a room with a chair, no sofa. The staff happily accommodated our request to move, so that our children would not have to sleep on the floor. And, our new room did have a sofa bed. The kids didnt seem to mind that the bed, when extended, completely blocked passage from the main bed to the remainder of the room. My wife and I had to walk on top of the sofa mattress / bed, dodge our childrens legs, and bed springs in order to brush our teeth after the children were tucked away. As for our bed, there must be some health benefit to my head being down lower 2 to 3 inches than my feet - though I didnt ask the front desk to explain that part to me. At first, the well worn mattress seemed bumpy, but I began to think of it as camping out - something that I missed out on as a child. The microwave, refrigerator and closet were a real plus. Our view was of the side of a building that was dark, dirty, brown, and right across the alley. The people inside did not appear to be sweating. I was envious. Our windows would not open. Believe me, I examined every square millimeter for a latch of some sort. The corridors to the rooms reminded me of those corn field mazes at Halloween: narrow, with many turns. Fortunately, someone thought to place room number signs on the walls. And on the doors. Costly, but worth it. The hotel was a great location for our purposes: being tourists. Clean. Hot water. Cheap compared to other places we considered.	
Apr 4 2006	Is LOCATION worth the money?	My husband and I stayed at the Wacker/Michigan Ave location (there are 2 CQ in Chicago) for a weekend.If you are looking for an &quot;efficiency&quot; room, this is it. It met our basic needs of cleanliness and a comfortable bed. The location was great...easy walking distance to events, fine dining and shopping. We didn't pay a large amount of money on the room so, we'd probably stay there again.Yes, location of hotel is worth the money we spent!	
Mar 28 2006	Club Quaters-Perfect for a long weekend	My husband and I along with another couple just got back from a weekend at Club Quarters. We booked through Priceline so we weren't sure what we were getting into. There was no need to worry. We found the hotel easily, the doormen helped us promptly, and check in was a breeze. From reading the reviews I knew that the rooms would be small, so that wasn't a shock. But we weren't in Chicago to stay in the room. We found the hotel to be clean, the staff helpful and in a great location. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 25 2006	Great value	The Club Quarters Chicago (Central Loop) was quite chic. It was close to the museams and millennium park, but far from the bars and clubs. The rooms were standard size and had either two twin beds or one queen. My only complant is that they don't provide any blankets, so bring your warm pjs!	
Mar 25 2006	Clean and convenient!	Stayed here for the first time, arriving on St. Patrick's Day. Our room was very clean. Very easy to access from the highway and a great location to walk to downtown sites. Food and service at the adjacent pub were fine. We took advantage of the self-park which was $19 a day and only about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The parking structure was very well lit and relatively secure. Just a few steps away from the spot on LaSalle which many will recognize from seeing Brian DePalma's &quot;The Untouchables&quot;!	
Mar 21 2006 	Doesn't get better than this.	This was the second time we stayed at this hotel.The first time, we stayed for one night and the room was small. Our recent stay was for 8 nights and I think we were given a larger room because of the length of the stay. The room was a good size with a queen bed, desk and sitting chair.Drawer space was less than I needed, but I brought extra hangers and used the closet. The room was very clean without any wear. Hotel halls were clean. Carpet was not worn. There was a supply closet in the hall with extra blankets, pillows, ironing board and iron. Staff was friendly and very helpful with information. Doormen were quick to help in and out of taxis and were knowledgable about the area. FREE internet service in the lobby and on the third floor. Lobby was very cozy with TV and fireplace. Coffee in the morning. Patrons were a cross section of business people and international travelers. Because the hotel is located in the Loop, it is very quiet on the weekends. There is a restuarant/bar attached to the hotel, a coffee shop a block away for informal meals and a 7-eleven across the street for snacks. Starbucks is next door. We are business travelers and have seen it all. This hotel is highly recommended and is a keeper. For us, it is the only place to stay while in Chicago, plus.....the price is right!!!	
Mar 20 2006	Okay for what you pay for	The Club Quarters is in a great location. The parking was very expensive for the two nights my Dad and I stayed there. We felt safe around the area at night. The Elephant and Castle was a nice pub but the food was a little overpriced for what it was. I was not happy when we requested two beds and only got a queen. I called the front desk and they wanted me to pay 30 dollars more a night for the suite, which would give us a queen bed and a sleeper sofa. Apparently, our check-in at 7pm was too late to get the two-bed room we requested. Our room had the bed and a desk chair and that was it for seating. We didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room so it didn't matter too much anyways, but it was still quite annoying they wanted to charge us more. I found the climate control to be either too hot or too cold and our room smelled of cigarettes. Overall, it was okay, you get what you pay for, and if you have the need for two beds, check-in early.	
Mar 3 2006	Happy with the quarters	Club Quarters in the Loop was just fine for a single traveler. I paid $ 75 thru priceline. clean and convenient to the trains.	
Mar 1 2006	Excellent stay	We spent Friday and Saturday night at CQ Chicago and it was great. Terrific location and wonderful service from a very helpful staff. Valet parking is only $33 and they are prompt to retrieve your car. As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms are quite small but clean and efficient.	
Oct 15 2005	Perfect location affordable price.	We stayed at CQ last February. The room was very clean though small. Do not expect Ritz-Carlton type service- CQ is very laid back. We loved the location-very close to Mag mile, CI of Art and many nice restaurants. We had a nice view of Chicago. The doormen helped to get a cab at any time. We'd go back to CQ if they keep their prices reasonable.	
Oct 7 2005	Great Location and Value!	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel on priceline which if haven't tried before can be a bit of a gamble. But we lucked out. The location was great. We walked to many local attractions (sears tower, art institute, museum campus etc.) and we were just a couple of blocks from the train and popular bus routes. The rooms are definately outfitted for the business traveler but for us just in town for three days to sight see was more than sufficient. The rooms were pretty small but unless you plan on spending a lot of time in your room..... The staff was really helpful for getting on the right bus route and holding our luggage after check out. Starbucks was just around the corner, slightly disappointed that Starbucks wasn't open on Sunday, but we are from seattle, so a little more dependent than chicago folk I would definately stay in a club quarters again. happy travels!	
Oct 4 2005	Great Location	This is not a family oriented hotel. Unless you are going to book a separate room for your kids, go elsewhere if that is what you are looking for. Simply put the rooms are small and that is because the hotel is designed for business travelers: not families with small kids. My wife and I stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel, Wacker Drive, the weekend of 10-1-05. We were drawn to it because of the price (125.00 nite) and its location, which is spectacular. The hotel overlooks the Chicago River and is at the intersection of Wacker and Michigan Ave. It is within easy walking distance of Water Tower Place, The Art Institute, Navy Pier, Millenium Park, and State Street. As noted, our room was small. It included one double bed, one small window, one small desk, one desk chair and a small bath. Storage for our luggage was barely adequate. The bathroom came with a nice shower but no tub. The hotel lobby was pretty with a art deco staircase and a comfortable waiting area sporting a TV and complimentary newspapers to read. There is an unpretentious and very enjoyable cafe/bar off the hotel lobby called the Bella Bucino.The food at Bella Bucino was very good ($21.00 for a small pizza for two and a couple of iced teas) and was friendly and laid back. Breakfast is served and is reasonable for the area. Ditto for the excellent martinis' that the bar serves. We really enjoyed the al fresco dining. The views from the outdoor tables are spectacular. In the evening the bar had a jazz combo performing and if the Ron Bailey Trio is there when you stay, make sure you catch them. They are the real deal. Better yet, there was no cover charge. We found parking with free in and out privilages directly adjacent to the hotel on the east side for $25.00 a night. The staff of the hotel were extremely accomodating. Our room was cleaned promptly. Carpet, walls and bath fixtures were in tip top condition.The restaurant and bar staff were also gracious. They made sure that our meal came out quickly so that we could make our evening theater on time and they offered dead on suggestions for dining in the area.All in all a great value for what you get as long as you understand that if you want to stay in your room and watch TV mtd. on a wall, you are either going to do it while laying on your bed or sitting in a desk chair.	
Sep 27 2005	Dependable	I last stayed in this hotel four years ago and was afraid I'd find it in worse shape. I'm pleased to report that this was not the case. The owners seem to have done a good job maintaining it.For the price, it's hard to beat this hotel. I stayed during a September weekend, when it seemed every other decent hotel was sold out. All of the hotels in CQ's price range made me nervous (read the reviews of them on this website.) So I was glad to have a dependable place to stay.One reviewer said the area was deserted at night and on weekends, but I didn't find this to be the case at all. The Loop now has many good hotels, and the theater and retail scene is very lively. If you want to visit the Art Institute, Millennium Park, shop at Marshall Fields, or see a show at the Goodman Theater, this place is very well located. It's also convenient to Midway Airport (home of Southwest Airlines) because you can take the Orange Line to Wabash/Adams, three blocks away. However, if you want to spend all your time around the Gold Coast, Lincoln Park, and the northern reaches of Michigan Ave., you're better off staying in a hotel further north.My room was small (when the closet door was open, you couldn't get into the bathroom!), but it was adequate for a single traveler. The greater issue for me was the noise. This is not a well soundproofed hotel, and it was made worse by inconsiderate guests who came in late and shouted to one another down the hallways. I used earplugs my second night there, and that solved the problem.Look, if price were no object, I'd stay at the Peninsula. But since it is, I'm glad that something like CQ is within my budget.	
Sep 15 2005	Adequate Self Service hotel	Went to Chicago with a friend of mine for a shopping weekend. Since there was a big convention in town, options were slim but hotwire offered the best price. We needed a room with 2 beds - which the hotel website indicates are limited. Reading other reviews on the '2 bed rooms' I was a little nervous. Called the morning of arrival and had no problem aquiring one. Staff at the desk were very courteous. The room and the beds were just fine - I'm 5'9, HWP and had no trouble with the size of either (my friend is tall as well). Love the English Pub. I would rate it above average except for one thing. This is a &quot;self service&quot; hotel and it showed - if you need an iron, you need to go get it in the &quot;guest service closet&quot; down the hall. After the 1st nights stay, our room was not totally cleaned, I'm guessing because we left 1 towel on the rack (indicating &quot;I'll use it again&quot;). The beds were made and new soap was delivered, but the coffee machine and mugs weren't cleaned, no new pack of coffee, and all the towels were strewn about as we had left them. It's as if they left half way through the job. On day 2, we put everything on the floor including the coffee pot and things got done! :) If it wasn't for that, I'd give this place a 4.	
Sep 6 2005	Classy - Met expectations...	CQ was just as I suspected after reading the reviews. The hotel lobby is simple and classy and very cozy. There are plenty of soft couches, chairs, and a large TV just for lounging around. Also - 2 computers to use whenever you wish....good computers. Fast. Our room was on the 3rd floor, was comfortable, and not nearly as small as some reviewers stated. In fact, it was a &quot;Queen&quot; but was much larger than your standard Queen. The box spring was simply two twins put together, but the mattress on top was decently firm (but not too firm) and the pillows and comforter were nice. The decor was decent - nice dark cherry wood desk with fridge and clean and nice microwave. Although the TV was smaller than most hotel rooms, we didn't care as we weren't planning on spending much time in the room. The bathroom was fine and I actually did prefer the non-tub shower which was bigger than your typical stand-up. It was very clean and nicely kept. Only two beefs with the room.....1 - the towels are sub-par at best and 2 - the air conditioner was very loud and didn't seem to condition or cool the air as much as we would have liked. But - we were comfortable enough not to complain. The restaurant is very nice - the breakfast is decent too. The hotel is located close to EVERYTHING, including very easy access to the &quot;L.&quot; Here's the deal on the parking: Valet is 33 bucks a night, but just down the street you can park overnight at a lower rate. The thing that CQ doesn't tell you though is that you need to get your parking ticket validated to get the lower rate. Would have been nice to know! Great experience overall at a very low rate (70/night)!	
Sep 6 2005	Good stay	We stayed at this hotel this weekend after priceline.com accepted our bid of $75/night. We were very pleased with our 3-night stay. The room was small (skinny), but it was plenty of room for just the two of us. The bed was very comfortable, we liked that the air conditioning was on a thermostat and we really enjoyed having a little kitchen for us to store our leftover deep-dish pizza to enjoy on the way to the airport. The location was convenient to a lot of tourist sights, though it was very deserted at night and on the weekend. The hotel is just a block away from the blue line, which goes all the way to O'hare. We also enjoyed having free wireless internet. The hotel is nothing special, but it was cheap, clean and convenient.	
Aug 29 2005	An overpriced hotel with better alternatives just around the corner	We stayed at this hotel to attend a nearby conference -- it was the official recommended conference hotel and we booked on this basis, opting for a room upgrade to a suite at $150 per night. The experience has been terrible -- I am writing this review on the second to last night after yet another example of CQ's terrible attitude to customer service. Tonight, having returned at 10pm from a wonderful but long day out we dropped into the hotel restaurant to enquire about late food. We were told that service was available until 11pm and on that basis went up to our room for a quick change, returning to the restaurant at 10.30, in plenty of time, or so we thought, for our food. To our dismay we were then told that there would be no food service and in fact that the bar/restaurant was closing early tonight. We were told by restaurant staff that the kitchen sometimes closed early if business was slow. When we complained to the hotel manager a few minutes later we got the most convoluted story as an excuse for closure -- clogged &quot;grease traps&quot; rendering the kitchen a fire hazard, despite the fact that diners continued to dine behind closed doors. I must say that this interaction with the duty manager was most unsatisfactory. He was rude and unhelpful and never attempted to apologise for the problem, let alone own up to the truth behind the closer. I write all of this as an example of the sort of rude and unhelpful staff behaviour that we have witnessed on more than one occassion during the course of the past week.In terms of the room we have -- our upgrade buys us a small dark room with a leaky air conditioning system (which we complained about to no avail) a blocked lavatory and minimal in-room services; for example, we continue to receive a single tea bag each day for our tea and coffee facilities.In my experience this hotel is over-priced and under-performing. The staff need much better basic training, for sure. I wouldn't come again and certainly would not recommend it to others. Try the Crown Plaza, which is just up the street and by all accounts a much better option all around.	
Aug 24 2005	Small? Not to us.	We stayed 4 nights at the Club Quarters, Central Loop, in August 2005, and were concerned about the tiny size of the rooms as reported in Trip Advisor. In fact, we planned to stay one night in the smallest, cheapest room and then move for the rest of our stay (the 3 weekend nights) in a more expensive larger room. But we found the original room perfectly adequate, and cancelled the move to a bigger room. I paced off the space between the bed and the door - about 7 feet by 11 feet, which was all we needed for using the desk, the drawers, the TV. We didn't bring a cat with us so we can't say whether there would have been room to swing one.On the subjective side, the simple wood decor was a relief after staying a few nights in chintz-draped B&amp;Bs. On the practical side we liked the feature of being able to get an extra blanket or some decaf for the coffeemaker from the closet on our floor, rather than calling the front desk for them. The three PCs with internet access and free printing were a real help, as was the coin laundry room. The pub on the first floor had good, reasonably-priced food, and we found it convenient to put the restaurant tab on our hotel account. So we would recommend this hotel highly to anyone looking for a comfortable place to stay in the center of Chicago.	
Aug 23 2005	Unexpected city delight	If you have a chance to stay in the hotel, it's a great value. It offers great amenities and is very conveniently located. Some websites might not post the best pictures, but it seems as though in the recent past, the entire hotel has been remodeled-even the hallways are nice. They have two computers in the main floor guest lounge which are great for printing boarding passes, finding attractions/directions, etc. It's comfortable and the service was prompt and curtious. You could even have exercise equipment delivered to your room if you didn't want to work out in their fitness center. The only negative thing I could mention about the stay was that the water pressure in the shower wasn't that great. But otherwise, this is a fantastic place to stay, and I will be going back.	
Aug 22 2005	Excellent Value Cleanliness Location and Ammenities!	My friend and I stayed at this property over the weekend (Aug 19-21) after booking through priceline.com for under $100/night. While we had our reservation on how good the hotel would be for &lt;$100 in the heart of downtown, we took our chances. Upon arrival and check-in, we were THRILLED with the location, upscale decor, amenities and spotless room! The front desk staff was great as he was more than happy to check our bags until our room was ready so we could go out into the city for the afternoon.The room itself was cozy and small but more than adequate in size for two people. The two twin beds were luxuriously comfortable with superior mattresses; quality, high-thread count sheet and beautiful, heavy comforters, topped of with thick pillows. The cherry wood desk and work area were top quality while the room even featured a standard microwave and mini-fridge. The bathroom was spotless, featuring wonderful soaps, complimentary mouthwash, glass cocktail glasses and a coffee/tea maker. Other amenities that went above-and-beyond our expectations were a shopping service to stock the mini-fridge at REGULAR consumer prices (vs. inflated room service prices), delivery of treadmills or exercise bikes TO YOUR ROOM for working out in private, free WiFi service throughout the property and free PC's and printers to use in the club room on the main level.We'd stay at Club Quarters for future trips to Chicago without question! The downtown location is suberb- 1 block from the Blue Line Jackson stop and 2 blocks from the State Street Red Line stops. You're 6 blocks from the Art Institute and in the heart of the city! OUTSTANDING!	
Aug 7 2005	super little hotel with a great location	Stayed just for one night on the weekend and was pleasantly surprised after reading the reveiws....went with another couple who booked the rooms and they had a suite (small but couch, table, chairs, mini bar &amp; fridge made that our get together room) and we had a standard (small but adequate for two....and a very comfortable bed and although there was only a shower it was huge)....the front desk was responsive, workout room was good size for this small hotel, and the lobby get together area was busy.But the appeal is the location...just a few short blocks to Millenium park and all the city has to offer! We walked to Buckingham fountain, the lake, and Navy Pier....it was a wonderful get away!And the price was right....booked on various sites one room was $100 and one was $84...not bad for the middle of the best city on the planet and for ONLY a saturday stay in the middle of summer!	
Aug 1 2005 	Very satisfied Club Quarters Chicago- Central Loop	Stayed for 4 nights, staff was great, room was clean and a very quiet location. Restaurant staff was excellent and so was the food.	
Jul 29 2005	Excellent all around	My wife and I were doing the tourist thing in Chicago for 3 nights July 24th - 27th. Booked this hotel and it couldn't have turned out much better. Excellent central location downtown. Yeah, if you're going to Chicago to spend a bunch of time in your hotel room, it's going to be small. Plenty of room for the usual hotel stuff, ie sleeping and getting ready to leave.They have computers available for your use for the internet and printing which is an extra bonus. Very fast connection too.The room was clean and well kept, everything was in order. Overall an excellent value.	
Jul 27 2005	Front desk staff didn't deliver	We booked this hotel from Priceline, which was a first for us. We were looking for 3 rooms to accomodate 8 women and having a difficult time, so we offered $100. per night offer and Priceline assigned us to Club Quarters.We were shocked and amazed, but happy!We were celebrating 2 &quot;monumental birthdays&quot; in our group and were told that the 2 rooms w/birthdays would receive a suite and the other room would receive a bottle of wine. (I was in the &quot;other room&quot; and celebrating a birthday, but would only have 1 other person staying w/me; so passed my upgrade to the others in our party.) We took all of our luggage up to our room because it was ready and the other rooms would not be ready until later in the afternoon. (No bell person was available to take care of our luggagge which was kind of surprising!) I was shocked when I opened our door to see the size of the room! We were not planning on spending a lot of time in the room, but being able to move about was close to impossible in this room. It was the teeniest room I have ever seen. I realize this hotel caters to the &quot;business world&quot;, Monday through Friday; but I travel for business and have never seen anything quite so small.Before leaving the hotel, I stopped by the front desk and spoke to Angelo Garcia, who had been so great at helping us earlier, and asked him if there was someway to upgrade my room &amp; I would pay whatever the price was for room change. He advised me to check back when the others got their rooms and he would see what he could do and says he will not charge for the upgrade if he can get an upgrade. I asked for his business card because I believe in letting employers know when someone goes out of their way to make something pleasant for someone else.Cut to the chase, arrive back to the hotel to clean up before we leave for our show and find out that all 3 rooms are the teeny rooms and that Angelo has left for the day and has the next day off. We were told the teeny rooms could not accomodate a roll away, so we are screwed. 3 women in a full size bed is not the way any of us wanted to spend our weekend getaway. They ended up relenting and gave the rooms w/3 people a roll away, but it definitely put a dent in the &quot;fun time&quot; we had planned for our Chicago get away w/no spouses or children. Turns out the hotel was oversold for the night. We met in the lobby (no possiblity of meeting in one of our rooms because of the size) before catching cabs and overheard someone who had booked 2 rooms on Priceline get a refund for 1 room they weren't going to be using that evening. Overselling rooms is common, I realize. Promising people something you have no intention of being able to deliver is just wrong. We went on and had a great weekend despite the rooms. Hotel 71 (which is where we had stayed on our last visit) was hosting NSync's Children's Charity event and we gawked at all of the Stars coming and going! Also, the Corner Bakery, was perfect for all of our breakfast needs, very yummy way to start out the day.Bottom line is sometimes you do get what you pay for! Lesson learned.	
Jul 21 2005 	Great little hotel in a nice location	We stayed at this hotel in both June and July while visiting Chicago. It's a very nice place to stay, and is ideally located between Union Station and Michigan Avenue. Moreover, they have a &quot;Night on the House&quot; program which allows for a free night at any Club Quarters after 2 different stays. Our room -- we somehow ended up with the exact same room both stays -- was a little small, but it met all of our needs. Moreover, reference books, a fridge, and a microwave are included in the room, plus low-cost snacks and beverages can be delivered to you. The soap and shampoo were of good quality, but the mouthwash didn't taste all that great. The shower had a detachable shower head with long cord, so you can get a thorough wash. An office building was right across the street, so the view wasn't all that great, though other parts of the hotel may have better viewpoints. We will happily stay at the Club Quarters during future trips to Chicago.	
Jul 4 2005	A disappointment	I booked this hotel on priceline and assumed the room would be adequate for two people (as guaranteed by priceline). Unfortunately, Club Quarters did a poor job following through on their part of the bargain. The first room I was given barely fit the desk and (one) double bed it contained and worse, it was located directly across the hall from the hotel's only ice machine (which was heavily utilized and therefore quite noisy). My partner and I switched rooms only to spend the night in an equally small (though somewhat quieter) room which again contained one double bed. Although my partner and I are both under 5'3 and have a combined weight of under 250 pounds, we were barely able to move about the room at the same time without bumping into each other. On our second day at Club Quarters, my partner and I requested that we be given a room that would accommodate two people (ie a room that contained a queen, king, or two double beds). Although the woman at the front desk eventually switched us to a room with a queen bed, she was curt and unapologetic. Rather than empathizing with our discomfort and disappointment, she asserted that priceline requested that we be given a single room (a claim that is hard to believe and fully denied by a priceline customer service rep).On the plus side, the hotel is clean and in a great location. Overall, there are plenty of other well-located hotels in the area (Hilton Garden Inn being a prime example) that offer appropriate room and bed sizes, excellent customer service, and affordable prices. Club Quarters may do in a desperate pinch, but otherwise I would avoid it completely.	
Jun 29 2005	Perfect Location Perfect Room	We had a difficult time booking a hotel in Chicago. Most of the hotels were sold out or we could have paid $300-400 per night. We finally found the Club Quarters Hotel and the price was excellent. Also the hotel was in the area of dowtown Chicago that we wanted to stay; close to Michigan Ave, Grant Park, restaurants, shops, etc. We weren't expecting all that much from the hotel because we knew we were getting a good price for a room. Much to our surprise our room was a mini-suite. Not that we spent a lot of time in our room because we were visiting with friends and exploring the city, but it was wonderful to return to a cozy comfortable room. We definitely will stay at the Club Quarters Hotel the next time we are in Chicago.	
Jun 23 2005	Very Nice Hotel..	I haved stayed at this hotel more times then I can count. My hotel of choice is usually the Chicago Hilton and Towers but I cannot afford that much anymore! Yes the rooms are sometimes small, but they have always been clean and well appointed. I like the location..close to everything practically! I like the security of having to use your room key to get in certain parts of the hotel. The resturant is not bad at all..decent price. I have actually stayed there more for pleasure then business! I will most certainly stay there again!!	
May 16 2005	A great value	I was a little leery, given other negative reviews. However, I enjoyed my stay at Club Quarters and would choose them again. We loved the convenience to el stops, bus stops, Grant Park, State Street. The room was small, but comfortable. We requested a quiet, off-street side room and received it.We were close to many of our favorite haunts- Trattoria no. 10 on Dearborn &amp; Washington, Atwood Cafe on State &amp; Washington, Corner Bakery on Michigan &amp; Jackson for a lighter meal, Garrett's Popcorn for the classic Chicago snack on State &amp; Jackson.My only complaints would be that the front desk staff was not knowledgeable about what I consider a tourist &quot;must&quot;- the Chicago Transit Authority multi-day pass. We forgot to order ours online prior to travel &amp; they didn't know where to direct us to buy one. I used to live in downtown Chicago but couldn't readily recall a currency exchange close to the hotel. The front desk proceeded to direct me to an American Express currency exchange but I didn't take that advice. You can buy the multi-day passes at 27 E. Adams- a 2 day pass is $9.00, but they have a whole range. The other minor complaint is the sheet quality- scratchy &amp; definitely not what you'd get in higher-priced hotel, but you get what you pay for. Overall, the place is a great value.	
May 7 2005 	Beds and Room too small!	We booked this room on priceline. We realize that we cannot be guaranteed a bed type. Priceline states all rooms will accommodate two adults...(King, Queen, 2 doubles etc.) Well, what you get is Queen and etc. Etc equals twin beds - that is it. This hotel does not have doubles or Kings we were told. This is fine if you are small. My husband is 6'6&quot; and I am 5'9&quot;. Since our experience is that neither of us have enough room in a queen size bed, we decided to go with the twin. When we get to the room we find VERY SMALL TWIN BEDS. We were there three nights and didn't get much sleep. Beds not long enough or wide enough! These were the smallest twin size beds I've ever seen! We felt as though we were in a ship, as it was an extremely &quot;tight&quot;, compact small room.	
May 5 2005	Great Value and Location	Understand one thing right up front: this is a business traveler's hotel that provides a great value for the money in an extremely convenient location. If you don't get that, then don't waste your time staying here and then complaining. For $100 a night I got a clean, efficient room, helpful staff, close to the train, waterfront and shopping. The adjacent pub, the Elephant and Castle has great atmosphere and good pub food. What I didn't get and didn't need was a pool, fancy restaurant or a large overpriced room.Everything in life is a compromise - if you think you can have it all for $100 a night in downtown Chicago then you're just downright unrealistic. The smart money is on the Club Quarters. Save your money for some of the amazing things that the rest of Chicago has to offer!	
Apr 30 2005	Great weekend deal	This business travelers' &quot;member&quot; chain opens to the public on weekends and slow days. Clean, friendly. Great deal for downtown Chicago. Tiny, non-descript rooms. If value tops comfort. check this out. Nice three block walk to Art Institute. Self-parking discount around the corner; the bellman will direct you.	
Mar 13 2005	Club Quarters is an excellent Business Traveler's Hotel	I am currently staying at the Club Quarters on West Adams in Chicago (3/12 - 3/14). I picked the room up through Hotwire, and am very happy with what I got. The room consists of a queen bed, a very nice desk for laptop computer, 19&quot; color TV, and a small but functional bathroom with shower stall. I believe this hotel is very appropriate for a business traveler, especially with the free high-speed wireless Internet connection which works great in my room. If you are on leisure travel, please understand the things missing in this room, a bathtub &amp; a dresser for your clothes. The room is small and designed for people who enjoy not unpacking. The room is very clean and so is the bathroom. The bed is very comfortable too.The hotel lobby is very small but clean, and it has a &quot;Club Room&quot; where you can sit down and read or play some games. The workout room has two Precor eleptical machines, a couple of bikes, treadmill, and some free weights. It was a lot better than I expected. The Pub connected to the lobby is very nice. Since we arrived the Saturday of the St. Patrick's Day Parade, it was packed and lively.Parking is available on site (valet) for $33/night with in/out, or you can walk a couple of blocks to public parking garages for $19 overnight. I found a spot on the street Saturday night after 6:00 PM and parked for free. Taxis, the elevated train, and bus service are all around this location. You can walk two blocks and pick up the #6 Bus which will take you out to the Field Museum, Aquarium or Planetarium for $1.75. So if you drive or fly in, getting around is very easy. One last thing I really enjoyed was walking two blocks and eating at the Berghoff Restaurant for some very enjoyable German food. Overall, I am very pleased with the Adams Street Club Quarters.	
Mar 8 2005 	Absolutely Loved Club Quarters Chicago	My friend and I absolutely loved Club Quarters Chicago. We stayed for 3 nights and have nothing bad to say about the place. We were a little nervous after reading some online reviews, but were completely impressed. The location is SUPER convenient to the El--the red and blue (O-Hare) lines are about a block away and the orange line (Midway) is about 2 blocks away. The rooms are fairly small, but not the smallest I've ever stayed in and on a vacation you're not in your room much anyways. The room was tastefully decorated with helpful ammenities like microwave and fridge. Someone else commented that the beds don't have blankets, but they're easily available if desired. The staff was WONDERFUL and very helpful with suggestions of places to eat, both nearby and farther away...in fact we took all their suggestions and were pleasantly surprised each time. The pub attached is cute and a wonderful place to end the evening, although it was pretty hopping after work! One of the best pluses to the hotel were the treats provided in the lobby/guest area. Coffee in the mornings, homemade cookies and soda in the afternoon, and water all day long. They also have computers with Internet and printers available 24 hours a day, which is very handy to check-in with the airlines. Overall, we were completely happy and couldn't have imagined a better place to stay--we highly recommend it.	
Mar 6 2005 	A great place!	We just returned from an overnight in downtown Chicago. This is a terrific place to stay-- quiet, perfect location, comfy mattress, nice workstation and helpful staff. The price was right -- especially for downtown. Just a few steps away from the train station, the el, Michigan Ave. We'll be back!	
Mar 2 2005	pleasant	the rooms were cozy and the location was good. close enough to michigan ave, but far enough from the crowds. the wireless connection was weak, however, it worked just fine from my room. the only complaint was that the conceirge was not very helpful.	
Mar 1 2005	OMG - What a dump!	Stay away from this falsely claiming 4-Star Jewel of &quot;The Loop&quot; area!It's 1-Star at best!!!The rooms are tiny, the beds even smaller, so that a 5'11&quot; person can't even keep the feet under the blanket. As soon as you enter the elevator you are being hit by a bad odor coming from some cheap chemical they must use to keep the place &quot;clean&quot;. My room and the corridor leading to it on the fifth floor smelled even worse. The ceiling in my room had water stains and the vent in the bathroom looked like it was mold paradise!!The TV had mostly snow storm picture quality on all channels except for the P-P-V channels. The bed only consisted of a duvet wrapped in a sheet to keep you warm at night, unless you went outside to search for an extra blanket in a special closet available to every guest. I only learnd about this option the next day after almost freezing to death my first night in 25F degree wheather. Fortunately, the HVAC worked well, so I had to crank up the heat in the room instead. My room was not cleaned for 2 days in a row, which - I guess - can happen. What WAS bad about it, though, was that the night clerk tried to make me believe that all rooms usually only get cleaned after check-out. That topped just about everything I experienced during my stay! I have worked in hotels before myself, so I do understand what it takes to upset a guest and make him look for better options next time. I was not the only one from my company staying there over the last few weeks. We've occupied quite a few rooms and nobody returned from the stay with a positive review. CQ for sure lost one of their new corporate accounts after these incidents.	
Dec 2 2004	Perfectly OK	This hotel was just fine. Staff was courteous, the room was nice and clean, and the location is very central. The only problem I had was that the wireless Internet signal was so weak it was basically non-functional in my room on the 5th floor. I had to go to the lobby for it to work. I'd stay here again, just not count on using the Internet in my room.	
Nov 23 2004	Good location small room.	We stayed here on a Friday and a Saturday night, 90$ per each. The clerks were a refreshing change from the sullen, unpleasant individual who checked us in the night before at our other Chicago hotel. I liked the relative security of having to use your keycard in the elevator to get to any floors. The location was superb- a few blocks from tourist-busy Michigan Avenue, right in the Loop district. They have a comfortable room off of the lobby where you can sit down and relax or use their complimentary computer to check email. The rooms and beds were very small but the showerhead was fantastic! Great pressure, even stream, etc. The bathroom was very small but the showerhead made up for the size. Breakfast is not included- you pay 11$ for a shabby all-you-can-eat buffet at the restaurant. Also, no fridge in our room, which would have been nice otherwise.	
Nov 16 2004	Very satisfied with Club Quarters (on Adams)	Just spent Tuesday thru Sat. nights at Club Quarters for a Conference at the Chicago Hilton. Easy walking distance (about ten blocks) and I always felt safe. Room was pleasant, loved the lobby &quot;library.&quot; Had a computer room on my floor (3rd) which was very handy. Loved the big desk space in my room because I had paper work to do every night. Also loved that the tv was NOT the focal point of the room. Probably not the place if you need a lot of room for makeup etc.; minimal shelf space in the bathroom. But so nice to have a shower with a HIGH shower head, since I'm tall. Was unpleasantly surprised that the drug stores in the area aren't open on the weekends -- I'd been buying bananas and yogurt every night to have for breakfast! Staff was pleasant and helpful. Had good fish &amp; chips one night in the pub. A good experience.	
Nov 16 2004	Basic	This is a clean hotel in very good shape and an excellent price for downtown Chicago. The rooms however, while functional, are extremely small and uncomfortable. We had two beds and there was only enough room for 1 foot of separation between the two. There was a noise problem too with the housekeeping staff working at fairly early hours and slaming doors. The rooms are small enough that noise carries too well. On the plus side, there is an excellent English style pub attached, plus the lounge is a nice touch. Overall, if you value simplicity then this place is great, but if its room comfort, this is probably not the right place for you.	
Nov 1 2004	Great Value - Wacker at Michigan location	My husband and I stayed here in December 2002. We stayed at the Wacker/Michigan location (keep in mind that Club Quarters has 2 locations). We LOVED it for the price. It was so much nicer than we anticipated. We paid about $70 for the room. Shopping, restaurants all just a minutes walk away. We got a free continental breakfast too. Room was very small, but who needs more room?	
Oct 31 2004	The reviewers are right with one addition	Spent a September weekend night here and agree with that this does feel very European (small, but usable). The thin walls and door, though, might lead you to a 3am wake-up as the bar folks return home.We paid $119 through priceline. If you can get the room below $80 the location probably makes up for any noise.	
Aug 6 2004	Great place for the money!!	Club Quarters is a great place to stay if you don't want to blow your budget on a hotel. The staff was pretty friendly and recommended a restaurant w/ great jazz a few blocks away. The room was small, but we were not in the room that much. The room came w/ a coffee maker, fridg,microwave, silverware, plates, etc and a bar sink. I went through priceline and paid about $68 a night minus taxes and fees on 4th of July weekend. It was 4 blocks from the Taste of Chicago, so it worked out great. With the great public transportation system in Chicago, you can get anywhere in the city including the ball parks, shopping, Navy Pier, Museums, restaurants, or whatever w/ a short walk to public transportation or cab. They also have plenty of breakfast places within a block to choose from and drug stores so if you need anything, it's around. I would stay there again, because I honestly wouldn't pay $200 to stay around N. Michigan when you are can more ammenities w/out the name brand for a lot less.	
Aug 6 2004	Great place	We went to Chicago for a weekend and endet up staying at the Club Quaters on Wacker and Michigan. The staff was great and very helpful. The room was small but clean and had an almost european feel to it. I would stay at this hotel any day. Another tip, the italien restaurant in the hotel is exellent!!!!! A must try!!!!	
Jul 14 2004	Great location much to recommend	Rooms are small but clean. Room size is fine for two people but probably not adequate for a couple with small kids in the room. Adams Street location is great with Berghoff Restauarant, Sears Tower, Chicago River Shuttle, Union Station and the art museum all within easy walking distance. The bar and restaurant adjacent to the hotel served decent food and good drinks at fair prices. Hotel staff was courteous and accomodating. No small feat on a weekend when they were full and very busy. As a tourist I actually preferred this location to where I normally stay which is near Water Tower Place. Less people, but still convenient to Michigan Ave shopping and Navy Pier via water shuttle or taxi.	
Jul 10 2004	Good Value for Vacation	Centrally located. Close to &quot;EL&quot; and other trains (2 blocks). Very close to free shuttle service (1 block). We liked the Noon check out time, and the complimentary bag storage (our flight was late afternoon). Found the room neat, well furnished, excellent matress. Hotel staff were helpful.Free wireless internet access was a great bonus!!!!Highly recommended for traveller who wants an inexpensive hotel in the centre of Chicago.All visitors to Chicago should do at least one tour with the Chicago Architecture FoundationTheir walking and river tours were the highlight of our visit!!	
Jul 6 2004	Would not recommend this hotel	The location was excellent however, I found the staff to be unhelpful and unfriendly. The water pressure in the shower was so low....the entire wknd. Also, I had to pay 40 US for 36 hrs of parking!	
Jun 18 2004	Decent business room	Semi-small room, clean, walls are THIN. Clean, sparsely appointed, and very spartan in every respect. All business. Need better sound insulation.	
Apr 29 2004	No accommodation of Typical Hotel Requests To Many Travelers	Two key things to keep in mind before staying here: Checkout time is @NOON and the ONLY complimentary extension is up to 12:30 and get this: if the guest hasn't departed by EXACTLY 12:30 (sounds more like a car rental doesn't it?), there is an automatic $25 late checkout fee. Do you know of ANY other hotel that is so unaccommodating in this regard? Never experienced it myself.KEY ISSUE #2: If you plan to store bags with the hotel, the staff WILL NOT accept LAPTOPS to store. The reply I received was that they did not carry the liability coverage to allow that. Once again, have you EVER heard of a hotel that would not store laptops....or any bag you requjested stored for that matter. Once again, GUEST BEWARE!!Another piece of advice: DO NOT PAY more than the mid 60's for this hotel when you book it, as it is NOT worth it. If bidding on Priceline, it is listed as a 3-star in the CENTRAL LOOP area. If booking on the weeeknd, this will typically be the hotel you get with them in that area.ADVICE: If you plan to bid in this area (CENTRAL LOOP), bid for a FOUR STAR (that has a pool), bid no more than $75, and you'll most likely end up @ The Palmer House (Hilton) on Monroe (very nice and EXTREMELY ACCOMMODATING HOTEL). You'll be glad you did and it is FAR SUPERIOR to Club Quarters and MUCH MORE CENTRALLY located.One final piece of advice to the traveler: the hotel (CLUB QUARTERS) itself is NOT the place to stay if you are planning on shopping on Michigan Avenue. It is located in the business district, making shopping a considerable distance from it. Once again, if staying in this area, you would be much better served @The Palmer House Hilton on Monroe....they'll also graciously store your laptop AND allow a late checkout with NO problems or fees. :-)I hope this helps....happyp traveling!	
Apr 27 2004	Nice hotel for weekend stay	My friend and I stayed there for a weekend in early April. The price was good and the hotel was in such a great area. We were within walking distance to almost everything and the free trolly was right down the block. If I'm ever in Chicago again I would consider staying there again.	
Mar 25 2004	We' d pay more for something nicer	Got room on priceline-$80 ended up $100+.Room was very small, clean but the queen bed was smaller than a full-size bed-good location but we would pay a few more bucks for something nicer.	
Nov 23 2003	A Nice Hotel for Business People	We booked the Club Quarters on W Adams St through Priceline and stayed one night in mid October (the Chicago Marathon weekend). When we got the confirmation number a month before the visit, we called and requested a room with 2 doublebeds and they agreed. However they refused to give it to us when we got there and asked for $50 more if we wanted one. I guess they were anticipating more walk-ins to drive up the revenue.Hotel itself was very nice. It's about a 10 min walk to the Art Institute Museum. Subway and bus stops are within walking distance. Room was good but very small. Working area was nice with a world globe on a wood desk. The bathroom had an extraordinarily narrow counter. The hotel has a club room on the ground floor where they had coffee and ice tea. There are two computers with internet access, a TV and comfortable sofa. Another feature is that you need a room card/key to get the elevator to move.Parking: they have some discounted rate at a garage one or two blocks away. ($16 overnight) You need to ask the front desk for details.Overall, it's a nice hotel for business people or couples. But they should keep their promise to the customers.	
Nov 2 2003	AWEsome hotel!	What a great room! Beautiful decor, great view! Loved the big desk and the proximity to the subway. The bar in the hotel was great, always full of people. The Club room downstairs was awesome, and I loved the fact that I could go there and check my email. I will try to stay there again nextime!	
Oct 18 2003	Club Quarters was terrific with one exception...	I booked the best internet rate deal in the South Loop through Expedia (?) - where you can't see the where until it's paid for. My initial regret came from reading reviews that spoke of tiny rooms and little beds. With a 6'5&quot; spouse who possesses a cranky case of hotel room claustrophobia, it sounded like a recipe for disaster. I called ahead to request a king-size bed, only to find that there are very few in the hotel and no guarantee of getting one. So I prepared my husband for spending 99% of his time outside and hoped for the best. End result? He LOVED the room because of the business-friendly set up ---- great desk, ample room to work, phone, lamp, wireless Internet ready- perfect for his work-on-the-road needs. And the shower was amazingly roomy. The hotel has a really comfortable lounge area just off the lobby with several computers w/ wireless Internet, fireplace, TV, newspapers, coffee etc. So - the exception to our instant satisfaction was a ongoing failure of the wireless Internet system (because I had work product to finish and e-mail) until the very last day. All in all, a minor challenge to overcome and the hotel is one we look forward to enjoying in the future. By the way, there are several street parking spaces in front of the hotel available for free overnight parking (7 pm - 6 am) if you're willing to get up and out early enough to avoid being towed. That was an great convenience and a big money-saver ($24 overnight parking, three blocks away).	
Oct 14 2003	Great hotel for marathon weekend	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Club Quarters on W Adams St for 3 nights this past weekend for the Chicago Marathon. We were very pleased with the hotel for the $99/night price we paid. Hotel is about a 10 min walk from the start/finish in Grant Park. Everything else we wanted to see was easily within walking distance OR we could hop on the subway to get there. Room was good. The only complaint we had was the pillows were uncomfortable. There was free internet access in the Hotel lobby and a nice pub next door to catch the Cubs games! I recommend this hotel.	
Oct 6 2003	Club Quarters is great for business travellers	I stayed at the Club Quarters Central Loop (not to be confused with Club Quarters Wacker/Michigan) on business. I found it to be more than satisfactory. The front desk service was excellent - efficient, friendly, and helpful. Jason at the front desk is great. He helped to get my wireless connection working. This is a very good business hotel in Chicago, especially for the price. The free high-speed wireless is a huge plus. The place is secure and very clean. The rooms are on the small side, but definitely adequate. No bathtubs, but the large shower was sufficient. Good water pressure and temperature. Beds were fine. Nice work area with desktop power, phone, and network plugs. Free coffee. Additional service items, like iron/ironing board, extra toiletries, etc. are available in self-service closets on each floor, which I found to be very convenient - more convenient than having things sent up.There's a pretty good pub attached to the hotel. Food is decent, and lots of good beers on tap. This is nice because there's not much else going on in the area at night. It's a good place to relax at the bar.Overall, I would definitely stay here again when in town for business, and I would recommend it. Location is great if you have business in the Loop. The blue line is a block away, so you can take the L in right from the airport. But for tourists, this probably isn't the best area for you. It's in the middle of the Loop, not much sightseeing around, and the area shuts down at night.	
Sep 22 2003	A gem of a hotel for 2 people		
Aug 13 2003	Its not the Omni~but its not bad!		
Jul 8 2003	Warning--Beware Club Quarters		
Jun 17 2003	Wedding party disaster !		
Jun 16 2003	Ideal for Blues Festival visitors.		
Jun 9 2003	Good price great location		
Jun 3 2003	Never again !		
Jun 1 2003	Nice but Noisy		
May 21 2003	Great value and convenient		
Aug 11 2002	Small but ample		
Sep 12 2009 	CHICAGO		
Aug 20 2009 	Trs bonne situation mais cher pour la taille de la chambre		
May 30 2009 	Super Lage Super Hotel		
Mar 30 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualit prezzo		
