Nov 21 2009 	Ok for Single Business Traveler-Check alternatives for Couples/Families	We stayed at the Marriott for a business convention for 3 nights. The location was great (right next to Nordstrom's on Michigan Ave) for the meeting and for after hours events. The room was relatively clean and well maintained, and staff was responsive to special requests. Why would I probably not stay here again? There are so many options within the area of Michigan Ave, and most are probably more up to date. While the hotel has been cosmetically upgraded with great sheets/flat screen tv/etc, it simply isn't up to current hotel standards when you're talking about a room over $200 per night. An older hotel, our room was small, the doors were very narrow, the bathroom was extremely small (5x6) with hardly enough room to close the 24&quot; door (and we're just average size folks), the light switch upon entering the room was located inside the closet, the beds are extremely soft (although staff quickly added a bedboard upon request). Because our room and bathroom were so small, we would probably opt for a different hotel in the area with more up to date comforts next time we visit. Not a problem if you're traveling alone or at a pure business meeting, but most families or couples out for a romantic setting would want just a little more room.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great hotel--heating system not user friendly	Nice remodeleed rooms. Fairly quiet. Had view of Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan beyond that. A great city. Great neighborhood if you like the Magnificent Mile (ie high end shopping). Service very good and food excellent. Only complaints were heating system and health club. The &quot;heating&quot; system that either provided no heat or too much. Finally got it fixed after 3 days of calling. I love energy effiiciency but comfort is nice too. And you normally need heat in November in Chicago. Fitness center needs renovation. Equipment old. Also a bit pricey--especially with the tax. Hot tip: Trader Joes is 2 blocks away next to Four Points by Sheraton and there is a Jewel just down the street from that. Try &quot;Joes&quot; across the street for a restaurant. Salmon was excellent.	
Nov 19 2009 	AMAZING!!!!!	We went to Chicago with 3 other couples and stayed at this hotel. We couldn't have chosen a better location and the hotel was so nice!! Extremely good value for the price!! Steve (the door man) was a godsend! He makes that hotel what it is! He was always so helpful with getting us cabs, even got us a humer limo one night at a cheaper rate it would have ben to take a cab!!! All the staff there are very accomodating!Would definetly return to this hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Right in the Middle of the Action	Great place to stay, convenient to many fine restaurants, shopping, and other noteworthy sites. Taxis are the best way to get around if you're going much more than a few blocks. The concierge staff is very helpful and quick to set you up with all your needs. The hotel bar/lounge is very spacious but gets quite crowded in the evenings. Also, the fitness center is one of the absolute best I have ever encountered in a hotel. The free weights/machine area is in a separate room from the cardio equipment. And there's plenty of both. Also has a nice indoor pool that never appeared crowded. If I ever make it back to Chicago, I would stay here again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Impeccable Customer Service 	The customer service at this Marriott was impeccable. I could not have been more impressed with each and every employee I interacted with from check-in, concierge, bartender and even employees I encountered in the elevator and hallways. I would like to call special attention to Polly from the concierge desk, who went out of her way to assist in finding a lost Starbucks card, searching entire lobby, talking to other employees and even calling me at the end of her shift to give me an update. Most would have considered a lost Starbucks card a waste of their time, but not Polly. The management of this hotel is to be commended for their rigorous customer service policy and their management style. It was obvious that the employees enjoyed working there. Thanks to them, I again believe that there are establishments that embrace customer satisfaction as part of their culture.	
Nov 6 2009 	Switched from a Hyatt mid-trip and loved it!	Superb location. Very lively and happening lobby area with a cool bar and restaurant. Had a great room for a great rate that looked down upon Michigan Avenue. Can't wait to go back to Chicago and stay here!	
Nov 6 2009 	Superb location groovy lobby	The hotels delivers what you would expect from a Marriott in a major metro area. This hotel exceeded expections by having a great location and a hip lobby. The rooms were standard fare.	
Oct 26 2009 	The perfect location..and then some for an anniversary!	We have stayed in various downtown hotels but the Marriott's location and service won us over by far! It is in the middle of everything and within walking distance of just about anything downtown. Self-parking is about ten dollars cheaper then valet and is just kiddy-corner from the back side of the hotel on Rush- easy!At first we were given a room on the 10th floor with a poor view, so we went down to the concierge and asked for a room higher up with a better view. We also mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary; not only did they happily move us to the 32nd floor (with a spectacular view of Michigan Ave, the city lights, and Lake Michigan) but when we returned to our room from lunch a couple of hours later, we had chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us!(A small, Asian lady at the concierge desk was beyond helpful and just a gem! )Although the bathrooms are small, the bed makes up for it....heavenly! Clean rooms, great shower in a beautiful, efficient bathroom. The lobby is also a great spot to hang out and have drinks and/or people watch.We did rent Segways from Millenium Park Bike Rentals (239 E. Randolph) and had an absolute blast!! It is a must if you have time for it...this place is by far the cheapest place to rent from ($49 per person) for a 2.5 hour tour....easy to learn and a great way to see so much of the city! Highly recommended!!We requested early check-in at the Marriott and late check-out and both requests were granted. It made for a lovely weekend!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Fabulous	I stayed at this Marriott from Oct. 8-11 to attend a conference for cervical cancer awareness. This was my first time in Chicago so I was really looking forward to it. The hotel is in a GREAT location. One of the hotel entrances open out right onto Michigan Avenue so great shopping is literally steps away. ESPN Zone is around the corner as well as Marshalls. I was very impressed with this Marshalls because they had some high end merchandise that I'm not accustomed to in the Marshall's in Baltimore. One block up from the hotel is a restaurant called Heaven on Seven. You MUST go in and try their Cajun Iced Tea. It is FABULOUS! I did have some Chicago style pizza at Giordanos which is a few blocks up Rush St. (in walking distance of the hotel). Initially, I was ready to leave because the staff was so rude. I understand it was the marathon weekend and they were extremely busy, but it was still no excuse. The pizza was ok. I still prefer NY style! You must go to the top of the Hancock Building off by the Navy Pier. The views are phenomenal. They did fireworks on Friday so I'm not sure if that's an every day thing or something special they did in honor of the marathon. The Sears Tower (now Willis Tower) tour was good as well although really crowded. The pictures are unbelievable. State Street has a bunch of bars/clubs if you are looking for that type of thing. It was only about a $6 cab ride depending on how many of you there are. We ended up at the Hunt Clbu and it was really laid back. On Saturday nights, they charge a $5 cover. Across the street at the other bar/club is $20. For the more risque people, there is a novelty shop also on State St. called Frenchys. Ben, the person who works there was so great. I don't think any visit to Chicago is complete unless you take a picture in front of the Big 'O! We went to a restaurant for breakfast - Wishbone - that is a block up from Harpo Studios. The restaurant was quirky decoration wise, but the food was great. Ok, back to the hotel! It is HUGE! The lobby is impressive, the staff is SO attentive. We were shooting a video and we needed an extension cord. Not only did they bring it up to us rather than make me wait in the lobby, but they told me to call them when we were finished so they could come get it! This bar must be THE liveliest hotel bar that I've ever experienced! The rooms are a bit on the smaller side but they are nicely decorated. Yes the bathrooms are small but functional. My only two minor complaints are that although there are about 6 elevators, they are rather slow. The other minor annoyance is that although they grant late checkout, the cards deactivate at a certain time so you still have to go back to the front desk to get it reactivated. It would be nice if they told you this when they grant the late checkout. Ok, did I mention the staff? :) They were unbelievable. I dont know if they turned on the charm because they were packed to capacity because of the marathon or if they are always like that. I would call down and ask for ONE set of towels and they'd bring back 4 in minutes. We needed a cot and they were there within 10 minutes if that. The hotel itself is extremely clean. The pool area is really nice and quiet. There was no one down there but then again it was kind of late. The fitness center is great as well. The weight room is very large for a hotel fitness center. The cardio room is smaller but still much larger than I'm accustomed to in a Mariott. I did not get to see all I wanted to see in Chicago and I definitely didn't do as much shopping damage as I wanted so I will definitely be going back and my first hotel choice will be this Marriott!	
Oct 14 2009 	Fantastic location!	The location cant be beat. First time in Chicago, and walked everywhere! Staff very helpful, and very nice. Room very, very clean. Bathrooms are small, but certainly functional. Despite what some earlier reviewers wrote, elevators were not slow at all--- and we were on the 35th floor. We had a great view of the lake. Stayed over holiday weekend, so prices were a bit higher, and parking was expensive. Fitness center had a lot of equipment, and was not crowded at all. Could hear sirens at all hours- but not enough to dirupt sleep. Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location but rooms need to be renovated	Recently stayed at this location. Great location on magnificent mile. close ot the train, in the heart of downtown. Check-in was easy, and they accomodated my request for a high floor. Room itself had a great view, but the room overall needs to be remodeled. Apparently they have renovated the lobby, bar, conference rooms, but not th rooms yet. My bathroom was tiny. Very tiny, I thtink my closet was bigger than the bathroom. They accomodated my late check-out but didn't change my room key, so i was locked out and had to wait 10-15 minutes for security to come and let me in. Overall not bad, but I'll probably try a different hotel on magnificent mile in the future.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location	Very nice hotel in the heart of the magnificent mile. Room was nice, bed was soft as can be. Hotel bar was hopping on a Wed evening and very trendy. Convenient starbucks right in the lobby.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great hotel and can't beat the location!	The hotel was right on Michigan Ave, (great for shoppers). The beds were so comfortable. Only wished I could stay longer !!!	
Sep 26 2009 	Perfect location!	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights September 19-22nd. I had a conference in the hotel, he was just tagging along. It was our first time in Chicago. We took a taxi from Midway airport, was dropped off on the Rush Street side, although the address is Michigan Avenue. Check in was quick &amp; easy. We mentioned to the clerk that it was our first time in the city &amp; she moved us to a room on the 34th floor, so we would have a better view. That was great, didn't ask, she just did it.Our room was right by the elevators, facing Lake Michigan. We weren't disturbed by the elevators or other guests at all. The worse was all the ambulance or police sirens on Michigan Avenue all day and night. The room was small, the bathroom tiny but functional. We had plenty of towels and the hotel has Bath &amp; Body products for use. The bed is the MOST comfortable I have ever slept in! It was hard to get to sleep in my own bed once we got home. So I went online &amp; found Marriot bedding &amp; ordered a mattress topper- can't wait for it to arrive!The location is awesome, especially for first timers like us. We walked everywhere, it is very clean and safe. My husband learned the train system while I was in sessions.As far as my conference, it was freezing cold in the main meeting room all three days. The breakfasts and lunch were very good and we never seemed to run out of anything. The staff was always near by to clean up or bring more food or drinks. Very accomodating and great choice for our conference, except for the one cold meeting room.We had a couple drinks at the lobby bar &amp; the bartenders are the best! Good drinks, decent prices and great attitudes!We plan to go back to Chicago for just fun time and will stay at this Marriott again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great choice in Chicago	Had a great stay at Chicago Marriott Downtown/Mag Mile. The location was perfect for all of the sightseeing in Chicago, most in walking distance.The lobby had a great atmosphere and was a nice place to stop and check email (you pay for internet in the rooms, but free wifi in lobby). Our room was spotless! The bathroom was on the small side, but I would trade cleanliness over a larger bathroom anyday. The service was great, we asked for a fridge upon check-in and it was delivered by the time we got back in from sightseeing. Concierge staff was helpful with directions.There are PLENTY of options to eat and drink in the direct vicinity of the hotel. There were restaurants everywhere you looked. We did not get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent location nice clean rooms!	Stayed at the Marriott during the labor weekend and the Hotel was fully booked.Only in the lobby and in the elevators you could notice this hotel offers 1200 rooms. But still it wasn’t overcrowded at all, speed at elevators was ok.Room was in great shape, good flat screen just a minibar was missing. Bathroom had all the essentials needed.Location is excellent, at the beginning of the Magnificent mile, navy yard is just a 15 min walk away.Overall a perfect fit for both business visitors and leisure (shopping…) visitors.Just one remark for the management, the lobby was nice designed just the location of the front desk doesn’t really make sense.	
Sep 17 2009 	Staff makes you feel like you are staying at a Ritz!	I stayed there for labor day weekend. Although the hotel itself was full of people staying there as well, the staff did not look overwhelmed, nor did they make my friend and I feel as if we were overwhelming them. They were all extremely helpful with any of our requests and even gave us a complimentary upgrade when we asked! I would absolutely stay in this hotel again. The ONLY complaint that I have is the elevators take foreverrrrrr! But I guess that will happen when you have like 70 floors!	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Hotel in the Heart of Chicago	I have read the majority of the reviews about the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile. The hotel does have a few flaws: the rooms are smaller, the AC did not work correctly and the bathroom is very very tiny. However, the service was amazing. Luke and Greta at the front desk were amazing. Service is priceless and they provided priceless service. I am a fan of Room Service and I have to say that the room service was very good and prompt and on time. The hotel is located right on the Magnigicent Mile and close to every major downtwon attration. I walked everywhere and enjoyed the amazing city of Chicago. I used Marriot Vitrual Concierge Service and I was impressed when I got back from my day of sighseein that extra pillows and towels were delivered to my room. A great hotel on the Magnifcent Mile, which Magnificent Staff...	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice conference hotel rooms a little small poor value	Stayed here for a 5-day conference. My room was very clean and well-maintained, although a bit small. The hotel is somewhat lacking in personality, but not as much as some others I've stayed in recently. The bed was comfortable, and I had no problems with my stay. However, all my colleagues staying in nearby hotels paid much less. They also charge $15 + tax per 24 hours of (wired) internet service in your room, which is the highest I've encountered. Sending e-mails was oddly slow, but otherwise the service was good. They have free internet in the lobby, but that was much slower and sometimes did not work.I tried adjusting the thermostat in the room, but I'm not convinced it had any effect on the temperature (which was comfortable enough). I did not try the food or the gym facilities; colleagues reported that the gym is cramped. There are lots of restaurants in the immediate area, some of them very good.The location is excellent, but be aware that the while the official address is on Michigan avenue, the real entrance with facilities for loading and unloading is on Rush, parallel to Michigan and one level lower (this is the weird two-layer part of Chicago).	
Aug 26 2009 	OK but what's with the breath mints	Five night stay to teach at software training class. Since I have &quot;platinum&quot; status, I had hoped for a high floor room, away from the elevator,with a lake view. I was given a room on the 40th floor, next to the elevator, looking back towards the airport. I wasn't ambitious enough to go back down to the lobby and ask for another room. Although I did hear people getting on and off the elevator, they never woke me while I was sleeping. As referenced in some other reviews, there is some noise from the street. However, the bathroom fan is always on and I left the AC fan running all the time, the background noise masked most of the street noises and I didn't have any problems sleeping. The room was little small for two people (my spouse was with me). However, it was ok. I got free internet with my negotiated rate which was a pleasant surprise. I liked the HD tv. The concierge lounge is on the second floor which takes away the normal convenience. It also didn't seem to be very exclusive and had a large number of small children running loose. Not a particularly comfortable place to wind down or network. The breakfast was ok and the evening snacks were good. There is no honor bar and I don't think the drinks were any cheaper than in the bar lobby and the selection was more limited. I would stay here again although it isn't someplace that I would look forward to. This is an older hotel, with limited sound insulation as to the windows and walls. However, it has been nicely renovated. The staff was nice and it has a good location for visiting Chicago. My only real complaint is that, on some nights, I got breath mints with the turn down service instead of chocolate. Maybe they were giving me a needed hint but I still wanted my chocolate.	
Aug 20 2009 	Marriott made my stay in Chicago	Everything I requested, I got. Thank you Marriott. A high floor...37th floor- A view of Lake Michigan. Early check in requested. A roll away since we had 3 people. And Marriott didn't charge for a 3rd person or the rollaway. But the rollaway bed was very hard and we should have asked for another one. Extra towels were in the room. The maid was friendly.This hotel was packed with food, sports and sales meetings during our stay. The lobby bar was lively and fun. The Air and water show was scheduled for the weekend we were visiting. I enjoyed the location of the hotel. City Center...walk to everything.	
Aug 16 2009 	Pleased with the Marriott	Pleased with our four day stay at the Marriott. The service was top notch, all employees in several departments were great. The lobby/bar is a lot of fun, plenty of room for everyone. The food prepared for the 800 plus attending a conference was above average. The location of the Hotel is perfect for those visiting Chicago. I plan on returning to Chicago in October and will stay here again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Had a great stay, location is very good. Hotel is situated between Michigan Ave and Rush Street with an entance on both streets. It is a very managable walk to several area attractions, such as Millineum Park, Navy Pier, Riverwalk, and of course Magnificent Mile shopping. There is a free trolley that runs back and forth to Navy Pier. Rooms were nice, roomy and very clean, though a little bit dated. Nice bedding and linens, up to Marriott standards. Elevators roomy and quick. Nice indoor pool and fitness center.Lots of restaurants and bars within a very short walk. 2 blocks from nearest subway entry. Great Lobby Sports bar with lots of TV's, very lively. You can rent bikes at Navy Pier and tour along Lakeshore Drive, Chicago is a very bike-friendly city. We spent a very nice doing that.	
Aug 13 2009 	Convention Hotel	Just finished a two night stay for a large convention. Hotel is a classic convention hotel. I would give it a low four star rating. Rooms very small. Bathtub shower too small with soap dish sticking out to jam you in the back when you turn around. Good beds. Nice workspace. No mini bar. Staff nice enough but if you are looking for luxury go somewhere else. Conrad next door look much nicer and a friend got it booked for 50 bucks less than convention rate at Marriott. Too many nicer hotel options at same price point in Chicago to recommend it.Mary's diner very good find just two blocks from hotel. Also very good shopping right across the street.	
Aug 9 2009 	Lake view but oh the sirens!	This Marriott has a great location where we were able to walk to everything we needed. Hip lobby with two entrances but always packed full of people. Our room was located on the 44th floor with a magnificient view of Lake Michigan which thrilled us. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. However, be sure you bring your earplugs. No wait, I tried ear plugs which were not enough. Perhaps the Bose noise reducing ear phones would block out the almost constant noise of ambulance and police sirens. We found out that a hospital was a few blocks down but holy cow, the sirens were never ending. We were stunned at the noise. I hardly slept the first night even with ear plugs. I must also note that only 2 out of the 6 high rise elevators seemed to be working. There was almost always a wait in the lobby for an elevator. Once a 3rd elevator opened on the 44th floor for us to take down, the doors closed, we thought we were moving but it shuddered and vibrated several times over a minute, then the doors opened on the 44th floor. Yeah, we got out and took a different elevator.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great staff super location.	Great location right on Michigan Avenue. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. There are plenty of fast elevators so no waiting to get to and from your room. You can catch a free trolley to Navy Pier just steps from the hotel which is great with kids. Our room was a little on the small side but we also had a roll away bed and managed to fit our large family.	
Jul 29 2009 	Trade room quality for great location and helpful service at good price	This hotel was exactly where we wanted to be, and nearby plenty of great restaurant choices. It is a huge hotel, lacks charm, rooms were OK - definitely showing age and wear. However, the price was great and the staff (especially concierge desk) were very helpful. With a bigger budget I would stay elsewhere, but I would stay here again for the price/location.	
Jul 29 2009 	Better Than Expected	I drove to Chicago for a business trip extended for a couple days of sight-seeing with my family. We arrived at the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile with trepidation based on some of the past reviews. The bellman immediately gave us good information for self-parking ($33, just across the street) and waited patiently for my husband to park and check in. Our room rate was $99 from Priceline, so while we requested an upgrade/lake view, we didn't expect it (and didn't receive it). The room was small, as expected by past reviews -- but having stayed in NYC, Boston and other large cities numerous times, we already expected modest space. We were very happy with the cleanliness of the room and the bathroom. The front-desk staff was always helpful and personable. The location was unbelievably convenient. My only criticism of our stay would be that the pillows weren't very substantial. Luckily, I brought mine from home, retrieved it from our car so conveniently located across the street in self-parking, and solved that issue. My husband stacked two hotel pillows and felt fine with that. Many, many thanks to whoever recommended breakfast at Mary's Cafe (about 2 blocks from the hotel) on their TripAdvisor review. It was quaint, incredibly fast and relatively inexpensive. (Our breakfast arrived within 5 minutes of ordering it the first day.) We ate there both days, taking business associates the second day who agreed it is a valuable find in downtown Chicago. For people wishing to access the free Internet in the lobby, there is plenty of seating space in the lobby and several small tables on the 2nd level overlooking the lobby.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location Nice Stay	I enjoyed my last two stays for business here at the Marriott. The hotel is clean and neat and the hospitality has been very good. Rooms are on the small side.Nice bar right in the lobby and great location for just about anything from shopping to bussiness meetings. I think the price I paid was a little steep, but then again, it's a great location, so I really cannot complain.	
Jul 26 2009 	It Is A Small Room In A Big Hotel With A Ton Of Guests In A Great Location	Pros: Great Location. Right on Michigan Avenue and walkable to a ton of great sites, shopping, and restaurants. Staff was nice.Cons: Just a little room and an average price. $15 to use your computer.Look around -- there has got to be a better deal downtown.	
Jul 25 2009 	Excellent Location but few amenities	The Marriott has a fabulous location and an interesting lobby. We had a room with a King bed and we thought the room was smaller than most. The bathroom was small, too. I stayed here another time and had a room with two queen beds and the room was considerably larger so next time, I would request a two-Queen room for the additional space.There is NO mini-fridge, NO microwave and NO free in-room internet. Nearby comparable hotels DO offer these things, though. You can access the internet from the hotel lobby.There is a small coffee maker with two paper cups. The coffee pouch makes two small cups of coffee.There is a Jewel grocery store (which is open until midnight) located about three blocks from the Marriott.The complimentary bath products are from Bath and Body Works (Citrus Ginger scent) and are AWESOME. We were on the 30th floor and had a great view of the city at night.All in all, I would stay here again simply for the view (if you are lucky enough to get a room with a view) and for the location and I would get a two Queen room.	
Jul 21 2009 	Suites are hard to find; book them if you can!	Doesn't look like a Marriot on the outside, but once you get in is a great-looking hotel in the middle of the Magnificent Mile, 2 streets away from the Grand subway station.Trendy bar in the center of the lobby.The Business Center was actually a Fedex/Kinko's and charges $0.50/min and $1.79/page in color, but the network printer was down the entire time I needed it. Had to walk 6 blocks to the nearest other Kinko's.The service score would've been a 5, except that there were no maps available at the concierge except for a single photocopied page with only street names. Didn't deliver the complimentary weekday USA Today	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic location average close to above average but nothing more	Stayed two nights and hotel was above average but nothing special. 10/10 for the location it cannot be faulted. Back or front of hotel, depending on which way you look at it, falls onto Rush Street and numerous reasonably priced restaurants and a lot of variety. Opposite entrance is on the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue) and next to all the major shops. Ideally located for Millenium Park, Navy Pier (take 29 bus), Hancock Tower, major shops. If you don't have much luggage, its a 5 minute bus ride (146) to State and Lake and then a 5 min walk to the blue line for O'Hare. Total journey time = 1hr 15 mins. Cost - $4.5 incl bus. 24 hr CTA pass only $5.75 . I would definitely recommend getting the bus everyhwere - dirt cheap and frequent. 20 minutes to the Museum Campus with direct buses from Magnificent MileHotel itself - wireless costs $14.95 for 24hrs but surprisingly they advised me to just use the lobby area as its wireless was free! Swimming pool was a let down - quite small but still adequate and the whirlpool was out of commission. Male locker room has steam room which is fine. In fairness not a massive deal as you really are there to sight see BUT it is nice to have something to come back to after being out all day. Rooms are clean and semi spacious but bear in mind it is a downtown hotel, and the bathroom is a bit small and badly designed as the toilet feels like it is far too close to the shower - again not a big deal and I think the size is more to allow as much space to be utilised by the hotel, to squeeze more rooms in! Don;t get me wrong it isn't small but neither is it massive...suppose coming in from Vegas beforehand had spoilt me for size.Would definitely stay there if the deals are reasonable. Never used the restaurants etc	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location above average hotel	The location of this place is its best feature. It is right next to the Magnificent Mile with places to shop all around. It's also within walking distance to some of the more toursisty areas like Millenium Park, Grant Park, the Sears Tower, and the ritzy Gold Coast neighborhood. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, and clubs nearby too.For a full service, category 6 Marriott in a major city, I guess I was expecting more, but it's still a nice hotel. All the hotels in this part of the city are fairly expensive, but I was able to get rooms here at a reasonabe price. I didn't spend much time in the lobby, which was always packed, but I think there was free Wi-Fi on that level. Internet in your own room cost an extra $15. Parking is also very expensive but it's only a few blocks from the L (train system) so it's great if you don't need a car.The rooms themselves were fairly standard. The beds were very comfortable. A large, flat screen television was nice too.	
Jun 30 2009 	This Marriott is in a terrific location; within walking distance to many attractions!	My friend and I were able to use some of my husband's accumulated Marriott points, and we were given a room with a terrific view of Chicago looking west. The hotel lobby, although incredibly noisy, was furnished with all manner of couches and tables (decorated in sort of a 1960's theme). It was obvious that many hotel guests were attending one convention or another as we saw many people working on computers in the lobby. The breakfast was the usual Marriott buffett, with plenty of the typical breakfast choices. Waffles were made to order and brought to the table, and even boiled eggs were available on the buffett table. The waiters were fast and friendly as were all the staff we encountered at the Marriott. My conly complaint would be that the elevators took two or three minutes, but this was a minor irritation.	
Jun 30 2009 	Average Hotel	Overall I didnt think this location was as great as people are saying it is. Since I was there for a trade show the rooms were way over priced and I didn't think they were worth it.CheckinNo problem. I did notice one night they had a long line since there were only 2 people checking guest in for their stay.RoomI lucked out with a top floor room that had a great view. It was a big king room that was nicely decorated and nothing was old an worn.BedThe bed wasn't bad to sleep on.ACThe AC was good in that it didn't keep going on an off all night. I hate when I'm in hotels and the AC or heat keeps truing off and on or is really loud. TVNice flat panel TV with a good picture. It had a handful of channels to watch.BathroomNo problems here. I had hot water right away and the best thing was the shower head was high on the wall so I didnt have to bend over to wash my hair. ElevatorsI liked the fact that for such a big hotel the elevators never took that long. They were very quick for the many floors.InternetThe internet cost 14.95 a day. I did not use it. ParkingParking is $48 a night.BarThey had a really cool bar down in the lobby. As you can guess it was expensive but very cool.Overall I don't think this is up to Marriott standards. I did stop at the front desk late one night when my key stopped working and I wasn't very happy with the attitude of the front desk clerk. Very short and surly. There are so many hotels in the area so I would suggest looking elsewhere. I didnt have any major problems but I thought it was WAY overpriced for such and average stay.	
Jun 20 2009	Simply Perfect	This hotel is right on Magnificent Mile . You step out of your hotel room and you are there on Mag Mile. Kenneth Cole is right next to your door. The staff was overly accomadating to us. We requested an early check in and we got it, having arrived on a Megabus at 5 in the morning. We requested a refridgerator for the room and received that at no extra charge. The room was clean and smelled good as did the hallways. It has a 24 hr gift shop, Starbucks on site and a bar with I think over twenty taps. It has a pool and a fitness room. It has a restaurant there and we did not eat there.The breakfast buffet was too costly for me but the food was amazing , they use natural ingrediants and they do have a big selection of food even blueberry and chocolate chip pancakes. We could walk to every store from Magnificent MIle to State Avenue with his hotel and Millenium Park. The service was outstanding, workers friendly and we loved it.	
Jun 16 2009 	A decent stay.	No horror stories here. Although &quot;official&quot; check-in is 4 PM, they had my room ready at 11 AM on a busy Friday. The single-king room was small but not claustrophobic and certainly comfortable. There's an exercise room (open 24/7) and a small pool on the 10th floor. There's also a small Kinko's/FedEx on the 2nd, but they charge $.50/min. to use their computers.The North Michigan Ave. location, of course, is hard to beat. (Note: the actual main entrance is on the other side, on Rush St. The Michigan Ave. entrance can actually be hard to find!)Two glitches: my room (No. 1031) was next to the air unit for the hallway, which could be heard in the room. And the ice machine on my floor didn't work and hadn't been fixed when I left two days later, so ice had to be obtained from the bar in the lobby.I should mention that I got a really big discount for this stay. I can recommend this hotel if you can manage a similar discount.	
Jun 11 2009 	Status gets you nothing	This is a conference hotel - plain and simple.As a Silver status Marriott traveler, I was unimpressed with the room that was given to me. I'm not sure it could have been any smaller. When I asked if there was a larger room, I was told that &quot;they're all the same.&quot; I don't buy that answer.The bathroom was so small that the curved shower curtain rod actually made the tub smaller as it had to be positioned in a way that the door could open.The fitness center had plenty of machines and weights (separate rooms separated by the pool - and while they were in good shape, it's apparent that they've been purchased at different times.Overall, this is a cookie-cutter hotel (with a good lobby bar) that I would never consider outside of having a conference there.	
Jun 2 2009 	A Perfect Stay for the 7 year olds Birthday Getaway!	I recently stayed for 2 nights with my mother and my 2 children. We were on the 37th floor and could see Lake Michigan and had a view of Michigan Avenue. The kids loved it! We had absolutely zero problems with service from check in to check out. My only complaint is the price of parking which is not unique to the Marriott it is all over Chicago at $49.00/day it was almost as much as the room given I got a super rate of $87.00/night thru the Marriott site.It has a great location very close to everything that we were interested in doing for this trip. I would definitely stay again ~ if I could get such a great rate.	
May 31 2009 	It's a convention hotel that's why	I stayed at this hotel notwithstanding the reviews about service because I got a good rate for a conference. That would be the only reason I would recommend anyone to stay there.The best thing about the place is the location. It's in downturn Chicago and if you are high enough you get to see Lake Michigan. Yet walk out from the hotel and you are near shops and restaurants.(Having said that, my friends told me that they were awakened by the sirens that seem to go off with greater regularity in the wee hours of the morning. I had a quieter facing and slept like a log.)The hotel service is wanting at most levels. Check-in was fine. Breakfast was at the lounge which must rank as one of my poorest breakfast in a 5-star hotel. Hot food was oatmeal or scrambled eggs. There is no microwave to warm up the muffin. I had to tell them that the coffee was out.One of the most irritating annoyances was the elevator. Everyone complained. Although there are supposedly 6 going to the rooms, I never saw more than 3 at one time--that is, if the elevator is crowded, wait and you will always see one of the 3 coming and going. The most extreme case I heard was a friend of mine who took 10 mins to get from his room to the lobby.My negative experience with service was when my laundry arrived as I was waiting for the elevator. One of the guests waiting with me said--he's knocking at your door. I did not want to acknowledge that because I did not want to miss the elevator. That man refused to budge and shook his head to ask me to open the door for him. He was obviously expecting a tip. The elevator arrived, I left. That evening, there was no turning down of my bed.The fact that the complaints remained the same suggests that management is not taking the service issue seriously enough. And the reason that management does not take the service issue seriously is that the hotel is aiming for the convention crowd. So there is no need to pander; that crowd will merely follow what their leader designates as the convention hotel.So unless you have to be at this hotel, there are others nearby.	
May 26 2009	chicago marriott downtown magnificent mile	I was pleasantly surprised at my experience after all of the reviews. I just returned from a conference at this hotel and almost stayed somewhere else given what I was reading about the hotel. Fortunately, the 109. conference rate kept me there, and it turned out to be the perfect site. I will qualify what I say by starting with the ability to receive a room on the 40th floor with a view of the lake. Maybe this shaped my experience. First, the check-in staff was lovely and helped me change my assigned room to a room with a view even though I arrived late. The bed has a topper that makes the bed very comfortable. The floor to ceiling windows made you feel connected to the outdoors unlike token windows in some hotels. The room was spacious, included a nice robe, and lots of pillows. The bathroom may have seemed small if more than 1 person in there or if had to close the door a lot. But the vanity was marble and had plenty of space to spread your items out. The shampoo and conditioner were aromatherapy products. And I got turn down service with chocolates (at the end of my stay, there was a sign by elevators saying this was a club floor, so perhaps I got a great upgrade). The starbucks in the lobby had many workers and was quick. They carried all the extra sandwiches and yogurts that starbucks now sells. The lobby downstairs is consumed with a huge bar section with multiple televisions. This adds a festive gathering place if you didn't come with a companion. Further, the hotel lobby has entrances off to 2 major roads in town and allows you to quickly stroll around town even if you are alone. If I was planning a conference, this would be my choice. Great layout of rooms with circles of couches and chairs everywhere for easy socializing. Escalators between conference floors in the center allowed you to look over onto another floor and locate colleagues. The entire place encouraged a highly interactive feel. Of course, the location is phenomenal. Easy to subway and paid only 5.00 getting to and from airports.	
May 21 2009 	BEWARE OF VALET THEFT	The Marriott outsources the valet parking to a company called InterPark. I gave a $5 tip both ways, and apparently it was not good enough. On returning my vehicle, my coin holder was depleted. I contacted the hotel management office and they are very polished in their response, but don't count on any help. The Marriott knows about the issue but they continue to use InterPark. Shame on them. There are other reviews with the same issue. So be advised that the Marriott will not take responsibility for valet theft or damage, and Interpark will not either because the valet stub says they are not responsible for damage or theft.	
May 17 2009 	Average Marriott	I stayed there 3 days for a conference. My company paid $209 a night. The hotel is clean, convienently located and the service from the staff is excellent. The rooms were okay, however the mattress was very soft. Other people I talked to at the conference mentioned the same thing. Internet access was pricey, $14.95 per night in the room. Other people I was with had high speed internet cards on their pcs and they did not work in the large ballrooms.One tip, if you are leaving to go to O'Hare in the afternoon, take the Red Line subway to the Blue Line subway. Its a lot faster and it only costs $2.25. Would I stay here again, for business yes, for personal purposes, maybe, if the rate was a lot chaeaper.	
May 16 2009 	Bride made great choice . . .	I stayed here for a wedding I attended with my sister. We were from out of state and it was our first visit to Chicago. The bride picked this hotel for out of town guests and it was the location of the wedding reception. The rooms are small, but not ridiculously small like the other reviews mention. Our rooms also had hot water. The temperature in the room was comfortable and could not be adjusted like the other reviews also mention. It was no warmer than 40 degrees outside, while the room temperature was cool on (16th floor) the down comforter kept me toasty. I didnt eat at the restaurant, but the bar area is nice, roomy(great layout and decoration), and inviting. Great place to break while shopping. The staff was helpful, nothing extra, just helpful. Our room rate was o.k., but to say their is a shopping mall next door and a plethora of restaurants and other services (drug store) a couple of doors down, Maybe we did get a good rate. This is a MUST--have breakfast at Mary's cafe (around one corner, 2 blocks down). the facilities and food for the reception was great and the staff that attended to guests were wonderful. If you are thinking about this location for weddin or other event, it would be a great choice. Overall a great stay. I travel a lot, my opinion is worthy. Unlike Disney World vacationers.	
May 12 2009 	Disappointing Service	I travel at least 10 times a yr for work and twice a year with family, so I put in a lot of time at hotels.My room was freezing cold and the thermometer in the room didn't make a difference. I was told by engineering that the hotel had turned on AC and it would take a couple of hours for the heat to come back on. I ended up taking a long hot shower and getting in bed and using the blow dryer to warm me up. They promised to send up hot tea, but after 30 minutes and no delivery I had to call to ask. About 15 minutes later a pot of tea showed up, but it was highly caffeinated breakfast tea at 10:00 at night!!!The same night, someone attempted to enter my room. Luckily I had both locks on. I think it was housekeeping. I don't know how they couldn't hear the TV which was turned up loud so that I could hear it over the blowdryer!!!The second day, I called guest services to tell them that my TV wasn't working. After hitting 0 and waiting about 30 rings, I hung up. I tried again and had the same experience. I thought, what if it was a medical emergency and no one answered!!!!The handle on my toilet had to be held in order for it to be flushed. It reminded me of my old house!I called down for toothpaste 40 minutes ago. I'm still waiting. Given all of the choices in a downtown area like this and with the tough economy, there have to be other hotels that provide better service.	
May 9 2009 	Staff was unprofessional	We stayed at this hotel for family vacation and not treated well from the get-go. I had a $25.00 off that I got from Marriott rewards points and the lady at the front desk promptly and incorrectly told me I couldn't use it. I already checked this out with Marriott so I knew it could be used. No guest should have to argue with the desk clerk about how to do their job. After she gave me an attitude and dirty looks she finally asked someone else for help after fooling around the keyboard and just wasted time for me and my family. They, it got worse.The room we got had no heat. It was not turned off, it was broken. It was 60 degrees and falling before they got someone to our room to fix it. Then the darkness continued. Around eleven PM, someone knocked on our door very loudly. It woke us all up and when I asked who was there, then went to the door there wasn't anyone there. An hour later it happened again. This left me unable to sleep. So when it happened a third time I was ready. I was up and near the door and looked through the peephole to see a hotel maid opening the floor exit door and rushing through it. I called the front desk described the maid and they denied anyone that looked like what I described worked at the hotel. Right!This hotel's staff was not only unable to do their jobs but they lied to me and my family. No one needs to pay for such poor and unprofessional treatment.	
Apr 27 2009 	Horrible stay!! You might walk into someone else's room	I recently stay at the Marriott Mag Mile. Location is ok. Room is small and dark. The A/C was not working. It was kinda warm after we got back from the dinner. I called the front desk and it took almost 1 1/2 hr for an engineer to come up and fix it. After he got here and examined the A/C, he said that he could not fix it tonight. So I asked for a room change (it was almost midnight) by calling the front desk. The front desk lady took almost 40 minutes just to check the room availability. Then the bell boy came and took us to the other room. UPON ARRIVAL, THERE WAS SOMEONE ALREADY SLEEPING IN THAT ROOM!!!! I was shocked and upset with the whole poor management. I went down to the front desk (almost one o'clock in the am) and asked for a room change (without anyone sleeping in it). I was then offered a room change.As a frequent traveler around the world, I don't usually stay the Marriotts. After this experience, NERVER AGAIN!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Staff/Shabby Rooms	Overall a good Hotel due to it's perfect location, comfortable beds and attentive staff.However...Bathrooms are so small that the toilet takes up all the space infront of the sinkShowers are dingy and not updatedOur room had very bad smell (although staff did there best to try to correct it)I felt that It was overpriced considering the condition of the roomsI found the best rate by using my Marriott Rewards number.You may also want to check Travelzoo	
Apr 26 2009 	Great location!	The Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile is in a fantastic location, close to great shopping, restaurants, and transportation. The room was located on the 34th floor, with a great view of Michigan Avenue. Beds were extremely comfortable!! Bathroom was a tad small, but the granite vanity is a nice touch. During the morning hours, the elevators could be slow. Staff was very attentive and the concierge provided excellent transporation advise. Food at the hotel was tasty. Definitely worth checking out, right in the heart of Chicago's Magnificant Mile!	
Apr 23 2009 	Loved every minute of it!	We got a great deal on this room through Priceline, and it was worth every penny. The room, although cozy, was extremely clean and well furnished. The beds were supremely comfortable and we appreciated the safe which we used to store our valuables during the day while we were out. The pool/hot tub were wonderful. Getting everywhere we needed to go was extremely easy - we easily caught the bus to museums as well as the train to Wrigley Field. Shopping and dining were in walking distance. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The only negative was that there was not free Wi-Fi in the room, as we had to go to the lobby to get internet service. Other than that our trip was wonderful!	
Apr 1 2009 	Amazing Price and Amazing View	We loved our weekend away at this wonderful hotel. We managed to secure our room for an unbelievable weekend special price and were rewarded with breathtaking views of the street below. The was plenty of room in the bathroom and loved the seperate sink and shower rooms. The only drawback was the street noise. The elevator wait was short and it was a short walk up michigan avenue to all the stores.	
Mar 23 2009 	Expected much more from a Marriott in good location	I stayed here once before a few years ago, and it was fine, but this stay was not very pleasant. I was attending a conference and didn't have much time to lodge complaints, but my hotel room was unbearably hot (as in I set the temperature down to 57 degrees, but it still felt like it was at least in the high 70s) and my TV didn't work. Also, while the front desk staff during the day and early evening hours was perfectly helpful, the late night staff was surly and confusing at best.	
Mar 12 2009 	Perfect Location	We choose this Marriott for the first part of our trip to Chicago because it was on Mag Mile and close to the Hancock Observatory and a few other locations we wanted to see. We got in late Friday evening and there was some sort of event so the valet area was really packed and really loud. For some reason they play loud rock music in the valet area 24/7. I'm not sure why. Anyway, as you walk in the lobby is also very large and very loud. There is a bar, a Starbucks, a Wi Fi area, and a lounge area all kind of in the same space. I thought it was weird and it reminded me quite a bit of an airport lobby. We were rushed through check in by a young man who seemed completely preoccupied. They were pretty busy. Our room was a hospitality suite connected to a regular bedroom. Both were nice, hospitality suite had king size murphy bed, living area, wet bar, two baths, flat screens. The bathrooms were really tiny as were the regular rooms, but it is a city hotel. We were on the 44 floor I think..and really did not notice alot of noise from below. Housekeeping was exceptional. The club lounge had standard fare, the food was ok. The pool is in an atrium area...its actually a lap pool. Fitness center was clean with newer equipment. We did the self park for 37 only because they also gave you in and out priveleges. The second hotel we stayed at did not. (Renaissance Chicago Hotel). The location is great for shopping and dining anywhere around the mile. Its a little farther, but we walked to Millenium Park as well....maybe an easier walk in the summertime. :) Overall, perfect location, standard Marriott, good service...we did not eat in the hotel..and the concierges were all astoundingly helpful and friendly.	
Mar 8 2009 	great location good value with travelzoo	we got a room on travelzoo for 99.00 per night, which was a great price for downtown chicago. we did do self-park, but it still cost 37.00 per night instead of the 48.00 valet park at the hotel. the bathrooms were extremely small, but functional. the staff is excellent and very helpful. we did hear alot of street noise and we were on the 34th floor. the most confusing part about staying downtown is that there are two marriots within two blocks of each other. we of course went to the wrong one first. but atleast it was a short walk to the other marriot. i would recommend the hotel overall.	
Mar 3 2009 	Good value for the $	Pros: outstanding location, well-trained and personable front desk staff, polite maintenance staff, well thoughtout lobby with tons of workspaces for those of us traveling with laptops, $149 rate plus Marriott points and a flat screen HD TV in the room. Cons: small rooms and bathrooms, noisy heating system and street noise even on the 32nd level. The building is what it is; a 1970s hotel. Bathrooms have been updated with granite countertop, but the space is tight. For us the tight space was a worthwhile trade-off for the price.	
Feb 26 2009 	Central location - Okay Stay	Not the nicest hotel I have stayed in, but okay. Additional fees for internet and fitness center add up. Room was small, bathroom was tiny. Unfortunately, I was under the weather during my business stay, so when I wasn't working, I was attempting to relax in the room. Bed was comfortable. TV channels were not ideal...very few of them with nothing on. I was close to the elevators, and you can hear them humming non-stop, every hour of the day...but I got used to it as white noise in the background.The lobby looked like it would be fun to hang out in...bar with plenty of seating and opportunites to mingle and people watch and flat screen tv's.	
Feb 22 2009 	Nice place...for the right rate	This was our first time staying at the Marriott in Chicago. We usually stay at the Wyndham, but couldn't pass up a $99 rate at the Marriott--definitely worth $99 a night. Great location, but the rooms were really small. The bathroom was ridiculously small, but the room was clean and the staff was nice enough. I would stay here again for the right price.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great bar/lobby and good food in the restaurant but that's about it.	This hotel is a great place for a party, with its open, central, welcoming bar/lobby and second floor restaurant which is expensive but has good food and nice wait staff. Flat screen TVs are everywhere in the lobby, and the atmosphere is festive. (Note: When you arrive, don't come to the Michagan Avenue entrance; bellhops, etc., are all on the driveway side of the hotel, on Rush Street.) The rooms, however, leave something to be desired. We were there for three nights. Our 15th floor room, which had fabulous linens and mattresses but also floor-to-ceiling windows, was freezing when we got there, and on the thermostat there was a printed warning: &quot;In some seasons, you may need the assistance of hotel staff to maintain a comfortable temperature in the room.&quot; So we called, and a cordial man came up and fixed the problem. However, this was not the only heat-related difficulty. On two of the three mornings we had no hot water and couldn't take showers. Also, the bathroom was teeny.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great Place	We stayed here over MLK weekend. Hotel is in an awesome location - right on Michigan Avenue and Rush Street, and close to everything! We've stayed at the Sheraton, Courtyard, and Swissotel on previous visits to downtown Chicago, and this was by far the best location. Check-in was smooth and the valets were helpful and friendly. Our room was on the 33rd floor and overlooked Lake Michigan and Michigan Avenue. Rooms were on the small side, but that's fairly normal for a hotel in any large city. Beds were so comfortable! The hotel is next door to Buca di Peppo. I would definitely stay at this hotel on my next visit to Chicago.	
Jan 23 2009 	American standard quite nice	Big rooms, no window insulation, wind blows !, heating system is prehistorical but friendly staff and very good location.	
Jan 6 2009 	Total disappointment	Chicago: The Chicago Marriott Hotel Magnificent Mile,Okay but had some serious problems.January 1st 2009Reviewer: Trip Advisor MemberI had a reservation at the Chicago Marriott Magnificent Mile checking in on January 1-3 2009. Upon check-in the young lady was wonderful. She noticed in my reservation that I'd request a complimentary upgrade IF it was available. There was  availability for an upgrade and I was very happy. This was a treat to myself for New Years staying on themagnificent mile in Chicago). My sister and I checked into the room which had a wonderful view of the city. However I was a little disappointed with the room considering I had just stayed at the Marriott Atlanta Airport on New Years Eve and the room was simply beautiful and they had just been renovated as well. Mysister and I decided to go to the bar for drinks. YES, it wascrowded/busy. We stood at the bar for 10 MINUTES while the bartender totally ignored us. We were standing behind 3 empty bar stools and watched the bartender take orders from the guest on both sides of us. (left &amp; right side)We watched the bartender go to the other side of the bar towait on another guest and we were there first. Finally, 2 men who were also guest at the hotel came over to us and saidWe've been watching you ladies stand here asking for hisattention and the bartender continued to ignore you. One of the men had to literally get the bartender attention and said to him these ladies have been standing here waiting to buy a drink foratleast 10 minutes or so. YES, that's when the bartender cameover to serve us AND YES he saw us standing there trying to get his attention before the nice men came forward.I was very embarrassed because I'm also bragging about how nice Marriott treats it guest and especially their Elite Members ascompared to Hilton. I tried to speak to someone about my concerns but there was only ONE person at the concierge deskand he had LONG LINE and the young lady who checked us in was only the young lady working checking people into the hotel,her line was long. There was 2 or 3 empty positions with nobody working/standing there to assist the guest. If they were workingthey didn't come out to help the young lady . I have stayed at several full service Marriott Hotels and I have never seen only ONE or TWO people working when it's extremelybusy especially during the holiday season. If there's more thanthree people in line at a full service Marriott you will definitely seeanother representative come out of the office to help out.Therefore I just gave up. I wanted to stay there for New Years Eve and I'm glad that I didnt. The rooms are over priced for it's decor.and I am talking about the concierge floor room. The hotel wassuppose to have been renovated. Perhaps they need to visitother Marriott hotels to get some ideas. I would have been very upset with myself if I had moved forward with my plans to stay at this hotel for New Years Eve only to be disappointed with myroom and the AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE that my sister and I recieved. I am NOT going to discuss the service during breakfast in theresturant upstairs. The food was great the service was awful.This was very embarrassing and especially being a PlatinumMember with Marriott. I've been an elite member for 4 or 5 yearsand this is truly a disappointment.This was my first time ever staying at this hotel and was lookingforward to staying there. On the internet the rooms looked greatand just being on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago I really expected everything to be on point and it wasn't. I only stayed onenight and checked out of the hotel.	
Jan 5 2009 	A perfect stay	Spent the night at the mag. mile Marriott to take my daughter to see Wicked. The hotel was absolutely perfect. Terrance at the reg desk was a darling. We had an amazing view of downtown and could walk to Volare for dinner and all the shopping we needed. The lobby of this hotel is delightful- plenty of places to sit and chat. The pool was clean and warm. Also a great view here. Most of all, the staff was wonderful. This makes a big difference. I travel a lot for work and have found myself loving the Marriotts. Thank you!	
Jan 1 2009 	The Marriott people at their best (almost)	Oustanding service, great location, wonderful pool. It's exactly what you'd expect from a premiere Marriott property.Only complaint is that the rooms were a bit on the small side. Seems like we were forever fighting for space between the foot of the bed and the dresser. Bathroom was small too.Upon arrival we asked for a roll-away bed and 10 minutes later it arrived. 20 minutes after that we got a follow-up call from the downstairs. Outstanding.All kinds of reasons to stay at this hotel - Find one and do it.	
Dec 22 2008 	Wonderful Clean Beds!	My husband and I decided to spend the weekend in downtown Chicago to see all of the Christmas lights and festivities. We booked thru Priceline and received a great rate. The location of the Marriott was perfect. It is next door to the Nordstrom Shopping Center and was easily within walking distance to the Watertower Place and the Apple store. The employees were very helpful and friendly, and went out of their way for us. We were very impressed. The beds in our room were comfortable and very clean. The room was also well kept and clean. The only thing I would say that I found was the bathroom is very small. There were two of us, so it was fine, but if a family of four were to book this room, it would be very difficult. All in all we loved our stay here, and the Winter Wonderland at Navy Pier is free, unless you have children that want to go on the rides. It is beautiful and indoors, so its very warm. The Chris Kringle Market at Daley Plaza is great too. It is a German outdoor Christmas Market that goes on each Christmas. Beautiful ornaments, food, music, entertainment, etc. Not to be missed!	
Dec 17 2008 	average business hotel in a great location	Stayed here for a week while attending a conference. As a first timer to Chicago, the hotel's location couldn't be faulted, opening up straight on to Michigan Avenue. And location is really the selling point here, as otherwise, this was a distinctly average hotel. The internet access was expensive, the beds were a bit soft, the bathroom was small, and I just don't really think the hotel offered an awful lot to justify its cost.I should make it clear that there was nothing intrinsically bad about the hotel, or my stay. The staff were helpful, and the room was always kept cleaned. But the room was a touch dark, and the whole place was just, average, which when you're looking at $300 a night isn't really good enough.Chicago is an amazing city though!	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Location Lots of Problems	I will start by saying that I always stay at Marriott brand hotels,they are consistant and good hotels. The hotel was nice, the location couldn't be any better, you can walk to everything. However, there were a couple of issues, first being our phone in our room did not work. I reported the problem when we arrived and never heard anything back. I called again and was told I needed to switch rooms because of security issues, mind you this was at 10pm. I did not end up switching rooms and at the end of my 4 day stay, the phone still did not work. The conceirge were not very helpful in finding a dinner location, they ended up giving me the list and I had to call (from my cell phone) and find reservations. The hotel just seemed to crowded, it took anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes just to get an elevator. The pool an jacuzzi were always packed and there were way to many people in the jacuzzi. There were kids in the jacuzzi with clothes on. Although I loved the location, I would not stay here again.	
Nov 21 2008 	Excellent Location. Good Food.	I stayed three nights here while attending an on-site conference. Yes, there is a large bar in the middle of the lobby where there seemed to always be a crowd. But I don't go to hotels because I want a quiet lobby. However, it seemed I could never figure out which way I had to go to get to the front desk, the elevators, the Starbucks, etc. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I had a king bed in the &quot;low rise.&quot; The room was clean but not luxurious. It was small but I have come to expect that from hotels in a downtown of a major city. The bathroom was very small, but I was alone so it was fine. I cannot imagine two people trying to use it. I was on the 18th floor so the street noise was noticeable. I could hear a sax playing on the street corner below me. But once again, this is in a busy, major urban center, so I can't expect the same as sleeping at home on my ten-acre wooded lot in the country. I struggled with the room heater a little, but finally figured out how to set it to my comfort level. No HDTV like in the Indy Marriott North (see my review) but that was OK. There was a little issue with the A/V system during the first conference session, but it was ironed out and everything worked over the next 2 1/2 days. I would rate this hotel neutral/average for its class, but there are two reasons why it is above average. The food that was served at the conference was way more than I expected. The vegetable sides were inventive and never boring, and the entrees and desserts were fabulous. The second reason this is above average is, of course, the HUGE advantage of its location smack dab in the middle of the Magnificent Mile. If you cannot find a place to eat or shop within a block or two of this hotel, you are in the wrong city. Plus you can literally walk out of the front door of the hotel and hop on a free trolley to all the museums. Highely recommended,.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great location!	Had a great 3 nights at this Marriot in the middle of November. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Location was excellent, right on Michigan Avenue and two blocks from the red line. Room was small but nice; bed was very comfortable. However, bathroom was outdated, and closet was too small. Also, elevators are the slowest I have ever experienced. Internet in the room cost $15/day and the business center charged .50/minute. Got a great deal though at $119/night. Breakfast was free for silver members, and was just decent. Not a huge selection, but free is ok with me. Would stay here again as long as the price is right.	
Nov 12 2008 	there are better hotels	Silver member Marriott but booked club level room because there were few choices in Chicago for the dates we needed andking-size bed was promised. Not so on arrival, we got a room with two double beds. We were on the 40th floor with a large window facing west, great view but the window was a patio door assembly bolted shut with a four inch crumbling boundary between the glass and the fall. There were no safety bars.Thickness of glass was insufficient to stop the sound of sirens. I even could hear the click of a car alarm being turned off 40 floors below. Normally, we stay at smaller hotels, the Amalfi, the Monaco, the Seneca: smaller with fewer floors but without the noise problems here. Wanting to change hotels, I was told there would be a penalty. Also, club level only supplies onepacket of caffinated coffee for one styrofoam cup of coffee. One bottle of water and I do mean one ,for the four days of our stay. (And yet there are two beds...Hmmm)There was no mini-bar. Luxury? For a little more, we could have stayed at the Peninsula, The Hyatt or Trump's new hotel and next time I will do just that.	
Nov 5 2008 	Noisy new interior	For the past three or four years, the Marriott Downtown was my choice of hotel to stay at in Chicago. It was conveniently located, clean and pleasant if a bit pricey. Recently, the hotel underwent a renovation, and I have to say that I will be looking for a different hotel during my next trip. In the center of the lobby now is an extremely noisy bar. Maybe the bar was there before; if it was, it wasn't nearly this noisy. The effect of this new noisy interior is one of constant chaos. Needless to say, it is not pleasant. I also noticed a definite decrease in the quality of personal attention that the Marriott hotels have always been very good about. The breakfast buffet felt like an army mess hall. Maybe it was because I arrived during a particularly busy week. I can no longer recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2008 	First Class Service Amazing Location	I am a very frequent business traveler and stay at Marriott almost 100% of the time. Needless to say, I have had many experiences at Marriott properties - from catagory 1 to category 7. I am very confident when I say that this Marriott has hands-down some of the best service I have encountered! Everything, from check-in to valet to concierge to room service, was perfect and flawless. They clearly strive to make the experience one that you will never forget. That being said, if I had one complaint, it would be the size of the room. They are small, especially the bathroom. However, the wonderful overall experience definitely eclipses where the actual size and decor of the room lack. In addition, the location of this property could not be more perfect. You can walk right out on Michigan Ave. and delve right into the shopping, restaurants, etc. My experience was wonderful and this will be a place to which I will return and continue to recommend to friends!	
Oct 24 2008 	Location Location Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from Oct. 13th through the 17th for a small vacation. You really can't beat the location, as the hotel has two entrances - one from Michigan Ave. and one from Rush st. Everything is right at your doorstep...shopping, restaurants...and most of the sights aren't very far away from you either.The only bad thing was that we couldn't get a room for love or money that had a king bed, and it became apparent from the first night that the double bed (which I was guessing would be more like a queen), was WAY too small for both of us. Aside from that, the room was nice and clean, with great beds and not-that-great pillows (we found them to be way too soft). I do agree with everyone who has written about how tiny the bathroom was, you can see it in my picture, but there was enough space to put things on the counter.The room itself wasn't too bad though...most people thought it was small, but I found it to be the same size of a hotel room that you would find in any big city in a downtown area.We found the concierge staff to be extremely helpful also. Every day we talked to them and they helped us find restaurants, tickets to different sights and attractions and even bars and clubs. Plus, we found out great info like the fact that the Institute of Art was open from 5-8 pm on Thursday and you could get in for free.This hotel is VERY busy though. Big groups of people attending conferences and the like bustle around the lobby day and night. We didn't find the elevators to be a problem at all, like some other reviewers had commented. We were on the 34th floor, so we would have noticed something like that.We did have a little misunderstanding when it came to the parking situation though...we were told that if we self-parked the car in the adjacent lot to the hotel it would be $30 a day and when we checked out we found out that it's actually $36 a day. It was extremely easy to get around Chicago (we bought a two-day pass for the El/Bus at the &quot;Jewel Osco&quot; store right by the hotel) and the concierge staff had maps and helped us get to where we needed to go.The only minus that we found was that you could hear sirens more or less every two hours around the clock...even being on a high floor didn't help the sound. But, this is what you get when you stay right downtown and we knew that.All in all, this is a very clean, modern hotel and we found the staff to be very nice and accommodating.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Location But Definitely needs to be updated	This is a very average Marriott, by even Marriott standards. The hotel rooms are a bit small. It was definitely a squeeze with two people in a two double bed room. The rooms were a bit dated as well as the furnishings and bedspread. I even found burnt marks on the bedding. The concierge staff, is terrible. Although nice, they were completely clueless in how to answer questions about directions and places to eat and entertain. However, the hotel's location does make up for its shortcomings. It is directly located on Michigan (Magnificent Mile) Avenue. So you dont have to go far to shop. Water Place is a few blocks away and you are in the Heart of everything. House of Blues, The Playhouses are really close. You dont need to go rent a car or anything, Public transportation is at the door and a subway stop is a block or two away.	
Oct 8 2008 	Fantastic Location!	I was very impressed when I first arrived at the hotel. The lobby is tastfully decorated and there is a large bar/seating area for you to have a drink. There is also a Starbucks by Check in, which was also an added bonus! It took quite a while from the airport to downtown as there is only one main road into the city so make sure you allow plenty of time when you leave for the airport.Check in was fast and the lady on the desk was efficient, which is what you need after a long day of travelling. The room was lovely, with two queen sized beds, with the most amazing matrasses I have ever slept on. They just surround you to give you the best nights sleep I have ever had! You can actually purchase the bedding/Pillows/Mattrass from the hotel brochure in your room - very expensive, but worth every penny!The only down side to the room was that the bathroom was on small the small side and was barely enough room for me. It was a good job I was staying here on business as if I was with my partner, there would definatley not be enough room in there!The hotel provided you with an Iron/Ironing board/Hairdryer/TV/Coffee-Tea making facilities/alarm/internet access/shampoo/conditioner etc etc There was nothing I needed as it was all supplied.The room was cleaned every day to a high standard and new towels were left as well as toiletries. The cleaners did a fantastic job as the hotel has 46 floors, so they are constantly working!My colleague had previous stayed in this hotel and had recommended that I request a high floor room with a view of Lake Michigan, so if you are planning on staying here make sure you ask this as the views are amazing from this side of the buidling. My room was 3422 on the 34th floor and the view was out of this world. My colleague had an executive suite on the 45th floor with a corner view, but her bedroom was no where near as nice as mine and she requested a move part way through her stay because of this!Mid week there can be a wait for the hotel lifts. We had a conference here and it could sometimes take 15 mins for the lift to come to take us to the conference rooms, so just allow plenty of time if you need to be somewhere at a certain time. From reading other reviews, the lifts were not as bad as what some make out and it certainly wouldn't stop me staying here again!The location of the hotel was the best part of it. It is located on Michigan Ave, the main shopping road in Chicago. If you come out of the hotel and take a left onto Michigan, all the shops are located from the hotel right down to the end of the road. High end fashion with the likes of Burberry/Cartier etc mixed with high street fashion stores like Vic Secrets and Marcus Neiman. Attached to the hotel on one side is the department store Nordstrum which has the most amazing chocolate store in there called Ethels. You need to go in and sample some of there chocolates before you leave!!All the streets/hotel etc were very very clean. There was no litter to be seen anywhere and all the flower beds on Michigan was beautiful and well maintained. I was suprised for a huge city like Chicago to be so clean.Attractions to visit during your stay - Navy Pier/Aquarium/River cruise/observation deck at the top of John Hancocks (do this on a clear night when you can see everything all lit up) and Sears tower. The theatre district (go and see a show Wicked!!), baseball game (fantastic atmosphere) and of course the shopping malls that are located on Michigan!Overall, I loved my stay in the Marriott, they were very good at getting everything right. I would recommend anyone of any age to stay here for either a short break or a holiday, it ticked every box for me!!	
Oct 5 2008 	Good hotel Great location	Recently stayed at the Marriott Downtown on the Mag Mile and were very satisfied. we got what we expected for a centrally located buisness type hotel. Room was a good size, lacking a little on storage space although the bathroom was on the small side but, hey, how long do you spend in the bath (or room). It was clean and functional. Odd though....no fridge/mini-bar in room. Not a great view as we were only on 15th floor however we do agree the lifts (&amp; there were 6 in our tower) were slow in coming. The bellhop did mention they are being upgraded.Most important to us was where we were situated and the hotel scored 10/10 for this. Being able to walk everywhere we wanted to go to was a huge plus.If I was to be crictal it was a bit &quot;souless&quot; and rather noisey in the lobby with all the conventions in the hotel.Other than that I would recommended it	
Sep 7 2008 	Two nights two different rooms two different experiences	We stayed 2 nights on a Thursday and a Saturday night. The first room was awful. It seemed to have been recently renovated, but they forgot to do the bathroom. The second night we had a much better room (lake-view) which had been renovated as well. It did smell like bleach, which seemed to have been spilled outside of our room.	
Sep 3 2008 	Okay but Issues!	Myself and 4 other friends stayed at the Mariott for Labor Day weekend. This was our 2nd time staying here, and the location of the hotel is perfect...it's close to everything on Michigan Ave and the North Ave beach down the street. The issues, however, began with check-in. We were a party of 5 and we got a room with one bed! After calling and getting attitude from the operator, we got a different room w/ 2 full beds and rollaway. 2 Full beds are barely enough for 2 people to sleep on, but we dealt with it anyways figuring we're only sleeping there. Aside from check-in, everytime I would call guest svc's for something, it took them at least an hour and half to bring it up. I'd have to call twice for everything, like extra towels. Aside from these minor difficulties, the hotel's location is the best thing about it. The rooms are way small and are barely enough for 2 people, let alone 5.	
Aug 29 2008 	A little disappointed	I stayed at the Marriott for a business trip. My room needed a little work. The door frames were worn and everything wooden was chipped. The carpeting appeared new, though. They are doing some remodeling, so hopefully they weren't through with my room yet. Also, I kept sneezing in the room. On the plus side the staff was excellent. However, for the price, I'm not sure it was worth it.	
Aug 29 2008 	Very nice good location	I stayed here Aug. 24 and 25, 2008. The hotel is a typical Marriott. It is located on Michigan Ave., near the end of the all the shops. It's in a good location for shopping, seeing shows or visiting Navy Pier. All are within walking distance if you don't mind a little hike. Of course, cabs are always around.Check in was fast and easy. No problems. The lobby is bustling at all times, it seems. The hotel bar is right in the middle of the lobby and servers come by often to get you a drink, even if you're not in the main bar area. The concierge was very helpful in finding places to eat, getting directions, information on shows, etc. They had the answers to all of my questions.The rooms are very nice and not as small as some modern hotels. They have the Marriott's signature comfortable bedding, coffee and a coffee maker in the room, iron, hairdryer, etc. The maids were very helpful and quick to answer our requests for more coffee and towels. I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant. There were too many restaurants in the area to stay at the hotel. There is a Giordano's pizza a few blocks up Rush St. (which is where the back entrance to the Marriott is) and also a great restaurant called Rosebud that serves mostly Italian, but also other favorites like salad and steak.There are tons of cute little restaurants on down Rush in the Rush/State St. area. Just don't eat at the Tavern on Rush. I found gnats in my salad there. We took a carriage ride around the area one evening. They depart on Michigan Ave. It's a nice way to see the city, but a bit overpriced for a driver who didn't say a word to us the entire hour. For $70, I expect someone to tell me about the neighborhood and its history. I wouldn't recommend it.Shuttles show up at the Marriott every so often to take people to the airport for $35 pp. The blue line to O'Hare also is a little walk away or a short cab ride. Overall, you can't go wrong with the Marriott.	
Aug 27 2008 	Not bad at all	When in Chicago we decided to stay the price was $298 per night which i thought was a bit steep but we got a corner room on the 44 th floor (ok size) which gave brilliant views of the city lit up at night- very comfy bed brilliant. As it was the weekend the hotel itself was very busy hey thats big cities, staff were friendly only gripe would be paying $12 for two bottles of water and a sandwich. ps at the parking enterence across the street is the restaurant joes- fab fillet minon and king crab.	
Aug 2 2008 	Typical Big City Marriott	Overall this is an average Marriott property typical of what you find in any big city. I was their five nights in July. It appears they just renovated the lobby. It has a very large bar, with a lot of seating, an more flat screen TVs than I could count. It was a very busy, but you could always find a place to sit. A limited, but very good bar menu is served. Check-in was efficient, but the elevators are not. On more than one occassion it took about five minutes for one to arrive on my floor. I was up high on the 35th floor. Not sure why it took so long.The club lounge on the 2nd floor is very good. It's for Marriott Gold and Platinum members. Good bfast, happy hour and deserts. The hotel restaurant is also on the 2nd floor. Again very good food.The 9th floor is where the pool and fitness center is located. They have a large cardio room with lots of equipment, and a large weight room. I was always able to get on the equipment without waiting during the busy after work rush from 5:30-7:00pm. The pool is small but works, the hot tub was hot. NOTE: When I was their the pool would fill up with kids and parents after about 8:00pm when they all came back in from sightseeing and dinner.The rooms are small, and the bathroom was smaller. This is an oolder Marriott that they did renovate with all the new Marriott bedding and fixtures. A family of four would be a tight fit. But the room is functional if you are by yourself on business.Location, location, location. This hotel could not be in a better location for vacations or business. You can walk to all the attractions on Mich Ave and side streets. It's two blocks from the river and you could walk to the loop if you wanted. Cab ride to the board of trade is $8.00. The staff is efficient and friendly.Overall I rated this hotel a &quot;3&quot; because of the size of the rooms and the fact the elevators were so slow. Everything else was above average to excellent.HINT: When I tried to book this hotel back in April 2008 throught the Marriott.com web site room rates were 250+/night. Two weeks prior to my stay I checked again and was able to book a room for under $175/night. Also watch the Wi-Fi and in-room internet charges, they are high. And Chicago's sales tax rate on purchases is now 11.50%.	
Jul 25 2008 	What you expect from a Marriott	I stayed here one night on business. The hotel is large, services many conferences, and as in many larger cities (i.e. the Marriott Marquis in NYC) the wait for an elevator is long.The room was good, clean, and had a great view (large picture window in the room) of the city toward the river on the 32nd floor. The only complaint I could make about the room: the bathroom sink was cracked. You will hear some city noise during the evening, so if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room on the highest floor available.The lobby is very nice, and has a decent bar on the lobby floor. There is a restaurant (called &quot;The Restaurant,&quot; formally known as Vensoto) on the 2nd floor which is good - not great. The menu offers 5 dinner items: steak, another steak, a rotisserie chicken, pasta and a fish dish. The lowest priced glass of wine is $9 for a Californian, and most Italians run $11-13. There is also a Starbucks in the lobby open from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m.Check out is standard – on the television or by a phone call from the room; however, you can also check out at kiosks in the lobby as well as check in to your flight out of O’Hare.If you are staying at a Marriott because you know the quality and value you get with a Marriott, this is the hotel. However, for dinner I would try Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak &amp; Stone Crab directly across the street.	
Jul 15 2008 	excellent hotel	The hotel is magnificent and is in an excellent location for doing anything in Chicago. I was there for a conference and the facilities were excellent. Free Wi-Fi, which is always good! The room was clean and the view from the 37th floor was fantastic. Friendly and helpful staff. Great lobby for having a drink and meeting people.	
Jul 6 2008 	Marriot Mag Mile is Great!	Booked 2 rooms through priceline since we have 2 teenagers and didn't want to risk being too cramped. Got them for $75 each. Once we saw the rooms we realized we could have been comfortable enough in one room since we were ther to shop and see Cubs and just use the room for sleeping. Staff was great, rooms were nice, elevators were quick. You can't beat the location, we walked to everything for shopping and food and only 2 blocks to subway and 25 minute ride to Wrigley. we played cards in the lobby at night, plenty of room. We asked about self parking when we arrived for $26/day and just across the street with in and out access. We were very happy with our stay! Beds were great.	
Jul 2 2008 	Really Great Staff	I stayed at this hotel last week for a conference. Working in the travel industry myself, I find myself pretty critical of hotels. This Marriott was a pleasant surprise - they have been recently renovated. The lobby was beautiful, the conference rooms were well maintained and the sleeping room had modern decor and was very clean. The best thing about my stay was the staff. Everyone from the bellmen to the front desk staff to the room service staff was outgoing and seemed genuinely happy to have me as their guest. I would recommend this hotel!	
Jun 26 2008 	Our Fifth Anniversary Celebration	Due to rising costs of flying, not wanting to be too out of range of our little one, and a smaller budget this year, our fifth anniversary turned out to be just a weekend and not a whole vacation. As a result, we looked for something fun and undone by us. We have shopped and explored downtown Chicago, but never stayed at any of the fabulous hotels. Every brand you can think of (and some you don't know), exist in at least one of the two downtowns Chicago offers. Having experience with Marriott and their excellent location on Michigan Avenue, we decided to try this hotel for location and views. Physically the hotel did not dissapoint, but the service could be improved.When reservations are made on Marriott's website, Marriott sends you and email a few days before called the &quot;Virtual Concierge&quot; which is a way for you to alert the hotel of any special needs you may have (allergic to feather pillows, need a roll-in shower, etc.) and you have a space in which to type up a question or request of your own. I wrote that it was our anniversary and I wanted to surprise my wife with something along the lines of chocolate covered strawberries and wine, etc., and I wanted to know their pricing and what they offered. I never heard back and just assumed that my message did not go through, or that they wouldn't read it until the day I arrived. I figured I could let the concierge know later during my stay.We arrived at the hotel early and since they only published they had valet service for 39 bucks a day, I did not plan on using my car to go anywhere, so I just had valet park it and paid for it. However, there was a sign that said that there was self parking for $26 a day. Again, we were on a budget and it would have been nice to know about that in advance. The carport can only fit about four cars at a time, in a single line, under it, so if you valet parked, you may wait a while for your car. If you self park, you may be able to get to the garage and get out quicker.We were not expecting to be able to check in so early (1pm) to the hotel. The had a long line of people waiting to check out, even though they had brand new check-out kiosks waiting. While waiting, it gave me time to check out their newly completed renovations. The lobby is fabulous! There a lot of tables and chairs around the lobby that surround their brand new 360-degree bar. The bar, from talking to other people, used to be against the far wall, but now is smack dab in the middle. It is gorgeous with a granite bar all the way around it and very fanciful decor. Next the the desk is a little convenience shop with very upscale drinks and snacks, and, on the other side, a small Starbucks Coffee shop.The lobby was always full of people hanging out, getting drinks and generally socializing. The Concierge desk, near the entrance, was busy making reservations, handing out directions and giving out information about the hotel and area. They had convenient mapcards that they handed you with turn by turn directions for both walking and driving.The elevators were fast, contrary to what I've read on other reviews, and there were always six elevators available. I think I rode on everyone. The elevators are very clean and shiny and have ads and a LCD info TV in them (no sound.) Much to our surprise, management must have read our info because they gave us a corner room on the second to top floor with a breathtaking view of the northern downtown skyline, incuding the Hancock Building. The hallways and room are small showing that this is an older hotel with a facelift, but the real telling factor is the water closet. I call it that because it hardly qualifies as a room to be called a bathroom. You have to close the door to get in the tub! However, they did decorate the space very nicely. There is adequate counter space on the granite vanity and nice amenities as well. The room came with a mini-fridge (always gets the room extra points from me) and we requested and received a microwave. There was an adequate desk with internet connection, lamp and stationary on the far wall. The TV was in a TV cabinet with drawers underneath for storage. There was a sliding glass door, a railing but no balcony, which meant that you could only crack the door due to the safety feature installed on the door. There was a wonderful sitting bench in front of the sliding doors so you could enjoy the views. (Pics to be attached.)We went out and my wife surprised the chocalate lover in me by taking me to the Hershey's store and the Ghiradelli Café (both across the street from each other). We enjoyed many treats! After getting a few souveniers, we headed back to the room for some rest and to get ready for dinner. Much to both of our surprise, room service had stopped by and dropped off an amenity of chocolate covered strawberries, white wine, and various cheeses and crackers. It worked out for me because I could play it off like I had had it planned, however, since I never knew if I was paying for it or not, or what the price even was, I was a little irked. However, it did make my wife's day, even if it was a day earlier than our actual anniversary!I went to get a safety deposit box and stood in line for a very long time to get it, and subsequently to get in and out of it due to the long lines. After a while though (and especially on Sunday) I started to wonder why they had two or three agents for a sold out hotel, but eight stations available. Deborah at the front desk was fabulous, though. She was attentive, caring and very bright - one of those employees you wish everyone was modeled like. There was another older lady who was clueless. I remember a guest asked her to check into a king room and she had to ask a supervisor (Deborah) which room to check him into. (Huh?) Either she never had any training, or she just wasn't qualified to do this job. Also, many people were taken out of turn at the front desk so it made some people a little upset. Their gift shop patrons also waited a while to pay when the desk was busy. Sometimes they just left their money and left. Others just put their selections back and would opt for the cheaper Walgreens locations along Michigan Avenue.There is an entrance to the hotel on Michigan, but only a walk-up entrance. The drive up entrance is on the opposite street. The Marriott building itself has several stores in it, but no access to them from inside the hotel, only from the outside sidewalks. Across the street is a fabulous restaurant called Bandera, that the concierge was able to get us squeezed into on Saturday. Atmosphere was unbeatable. I scarfed down the BBQ Salmon with Cilantro Rice - Divine!!!! Live music from some old jazz buddies, and attentive service! Just what we were looking forValet service was super duper slow! We waited about 30 minutes for our car, and even since it was raining and the carport was so small taxi's, and other vehicles that were not allowed in the carport were coming in anyway because of the rain so their customers did not get wet. Before anyone could leave, you were waiting on the car in front to move. And since traffic was backed up on the street, it was gridlock on Sunday midday!In conclusion, I don't think the staff hate their jobs, I think they are a little jaded from all the complaints they received before and during the renovations. I also think that they are frustrated in trying to work three people's worth of work in one shift, so why should they work hard every single day when obviously ownership of this property is only concerned with his bottom line and not the guest's experience. I can see why there are some negative reviews, but some of them I think are grossly exaggerated. I think that if you stay here you shouldn't expect great service, but just know that you are in prime location and can get a great view! Don't let the staff's downfalls ruin your stay.	
Jun 26 2008 	Mediocre Marriott	This hotel is in a great location in downtown Chicago. The room is really nothing special. The bathroom is extremely tiny. The beds are very comfortable and four pillows per bed. Cleanliness is good. The front desk staff was very friendly and efficient. They don't have a traditional front desk but &quot;pods&quot; and the agent will step out in front of the pod and ask if they can help you and then escort you to their pod. Quite friendly service. The breakfast buffet was quite good and the Executive Chef took my order for an omelette. Breakfast food was very good. The biggest complaint I have is the room doesn't have a mini-bar and the AC seems to be strained to keep the room cool. The shower was a delight.	
Jun 25 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Marriot, booked by husband's work for a conference. The location is excellent, just on the south end of the shopping Mile, an easy 4 blocks from Navy Pier and a brisk 30 minute walk from the Museum Campus (Field, Shedd Aquarium, Planetarium). Our overall experience was good and we would stay there again. For details, read on.I am afraid of heights, so I called the hotel directly about 3 weeks prior to our stay to request a room on a lower floor, 14 or lower. I was told that there was no problem with this request and was relieved. However, when we arrived at the hotel they had no record of this request and were handing us a key to our room on the 33rd floor. I had a minor fit and told them that I would just sleep in the lobby if they couldn't do better. The poor young man at the desk then offered 21st floor. I felt like I was bargaining for a trinket in Puerto Rico. Still not low enough. I kept repeating the mantra &quot;but I called ahead...&quot; but nobody seemed impressed. The manager came and fussed with computers a bit, told me that lots of people call with REQUESTS, but they're just REQUESTS and not guarantees. Because we were booked into this hotel and paid for by the convention, I was stuck and scared. The manager finally found us a room on the 10th floor (which, incidentally, is the lowest floor on which guest rooms exist, as everything lower is public areas). He told me they were giving that room to us instead of to the wheelchair-bound woman who had asked for it, something to do with adjoining rooms. So I got the room but also got to feel guilty about inconveniencing the handicapped (didn't occur to me until later, but why does a wheelchair lady need that floor? It's not like someone has to carry her chair up stairs, they have elevators....). Since I am handicapped by my stupid fear of high elevators, I thanked them for the room and wondered why they felt the guilt trip was necessary. So if you're reading this review, wheelchair lady, sorry to have put you out, honestly I am.The room was fine, typical hotel. King size bed, iron, board, hairdryer, shower/tub, toiletries. We overlooked the little sun deck. It was quiet and clean, which is all I really care about. The workout rooms were great, pool is small but indoors and warm, hot tub was nice. Meeting rooms were fine for the convention, though elevators were slow at peak times and shut down for a brief time one afternoon (that helps my elevator fear immensely). Overall the hotel was quite nice and if we find ourselves in Chicago again and can get a decent deal on this place, we'll stay there again.	
Jun 19 2008 	Not What I Expected	I'm a huge Marriott fan and a Silver Elite Rewards member, so I always stay at the Marriott. But this visit left something to be desired.I was there during construction in February 2008. It was still a nice hotel in terms of asthetics though. The decor was nice. I had a high floor room with floor to ceiling windows and a great view of Chicago. You're footsteps from all the action. Room service was tasty and the customer service was great. Those are the good things.But now the bad. My window had a wicked draft...to the point that I had to bundle up while working on my computer on the desk. Speaking of the computer, I had a broken ethernet cable, which knocked me off line every 20 minutes. This was very inconvenient because I was there on a business trip. The walls were paper thin. I could hear everything my neighbor did. And the heating system was super noisy. Every time the heat would come on, there was a huge noise and the blowing air was very loud. I had trouble sleeping, even though I am not a light sleeper. The valet lines were insane. Sometimes it took 20 minutes to get your car. And the check out line was nuts...about 20-30 minutes to get the updated bill. It made me wish I hadn't ordered breakfast that morning.To Marriott's credit, they quickly addressed the situation when I wrote to them. They awarded me 5,000 Marriott points. They gave my coworker, who had some of the same complaints, 10,000 points and they responded in less than a week. They also promised to upgrade me to the best available room if I ever stayed again.So I would still recommend the Marriott. Its in a great location. I'm eager to see what the remodel is going to look like. Unless they've improved some of the other issues since my visit, you may have to pack your patience though.	
Jun 19 2008 	Renovated-review	One of my favorite spots in Chicago is the recently renovated Marriott Chicago on Michigan Avenue.However, I hadn't stayed since the renovation began and was eagerly anticipating this trip to see how it all turned out.The location is still in the heart of it all and the exterior is unchanged, but upon entering the lobby, it was apparent that this was not the same, outdated lobby of old, but a &quot;futuristic&quot; interpretation of what a lobby should look like.Gone are the 2nd floor shops, replaced by a grand staircase leading to &quot;The Restaurant.&quot;The bar area is draped in neon and the seating is now more than ample.I will say that it all seems a bit much for me. Not as &quot;hotel-like&quot; as before, with a certain air of pretention. However, I'm still at ease in this hotel and I am glad that I can still fell like this after such a big change.The rooms are unchanged. Small and cosy, with upscale bedding. The bathrooms are also small, but clean.I found the public areas overly air conditioned, but my room was nice and toasty.I love the Marriott's total nonsmoking policy. My room and everywhere else in the hotel was pleasantly without that stale smoky smell.&quot;The Restaurant&quot; was better than average. They only lacked in the bread department, with rolls that were obviously packaged. The lake trout was wonderful, as was the homemade mango sorbet.The staff at this hotel makes you feel welcome and I can honestly say that, even with the neon, I'm still at home in the Marriott Chicago.	
Jun 18 2008 	Very Good! Friendly Staff. Nicely Renovated. Location great!	I stayed June 13-15 2008, and had booked a Priceline rate which (after taxes &amp; fees) wound up being about $105 a night. (Not bad!)I wanted to write this review because I had a really good experience. I booked this hotel, and then saw a mixed bag of reviews, several negative. It made me a little concerned, but I got there and had a very good time!The Quick Version for the Attention-Span Impaired:Very clean. Tastefully renovated. Slightly above basic comforts. Friendly staff. Awesome location.The Long Version:Location: Excellent! At the south end of the Mag Mile, about a block &amp; a half north of the Wrigley Building. Great for shopping &amp; dining. Cab from Union Station around $7, or the 151 bus for $2. Lobby:The bar takes up a good portion of the lobby. It's kind of cool-looking, with lots of seating. I did not patronize the bar, so can't review it. There is also a Starbucks, which I did frequentand it was good.Check In:They had a lot of people working the front desk, so the wait was short. Although I had used Priceline, (and gotten a killer rate) I was not treated like a second rate or cheapo customer. I got a guy named Terrell or Terrence (can't remember) who seems to enjoy his job. He had a great smile and hooked me up with a nice lake-view room at my request. And, I was able to get right into my room - at noon, on a Friday, in the middle of tourist season, no less! My friend was coming in on another train and they added her name to the reservation, in case she got there while I was out shopping. Again, no hassle and happy to help. My front desk experience made me happy right off the bat, and from that moment, I expected the rest of my stay to be great. (And it was.)Elevators: There are separate ones for lower &amp; upper floors. Most of the time, the wait isn't anything significant. The only time I felt the wait was long-ish was Sunday morning, when you could see a lot of people were checking out. Even then, it wasn't ridiculous.The Room, #3522:Was clean and pleasantly decorated. Air conditioning worked good. We had a lake-view and could see the sailboats on the water, as well as a view of the Tribune Tower. My friend and I both raved about the beds &amp; pillows - so snuggly! We both slept like rocks. TV didn't have a lot of exciting options, but we didn't watch much other than the Weather Channel. (Who comes to Chicago to watch TV? Or hang out in their room for that matter...?) Was the room large? No. But it was not tiny, either. It was just fine for two people. It could probably could be a little tight for 4 people. Bathroom: Again, clean, tasteful, simple. Fine for two people, four would be tight. Nice hot water, water pressure a touch on the weak side, but not enough that I would complain. Bath &amp; Body Works goodies - nice! Only complaint - wish it had a vent fan, in case anyone leaves the restroom smelling not so great. However, I think there is a fan when the shower runs, because it never fogged up in there, and there's a grate above the shower head.Hallway / Walls:Never heard much noise. Staff: Bellhop Michael &quot;from Baltimore&quot; was a hoot. Concierges pretty nice, had good info. Front desk were all nice. Housekeeping efficient and quiet. Cannot comment on:Bar, Restaurant, Gym, Pool, Internet. Didn't use 'em. So what's with all the complaints?People complaining about valet parking, small hotel rooms / small bathrooms, slow elevators? Maybe they don't have a lot of experience traveling in big cities like Chicago or New York, where square footage costs money. Also, if you've ever been to a big Vegas hotel or a large convention, you understand how elevators work. This ain't NASA, and it does take a couple of minutes to make its way down from the 44th floor. I will go back again.	
Jun 1 2008 	Can't judge a book by its cover	The hotel looks Great on the outside but.... I was at a 3 day conference booked by my company. Since I had never been to Chicago, I decided to stay the weekend with my husband joining me. Unfortunately my arrival started out unpleasant and continued throughout my stay. I was informed that i could not have a King Size Bed which I had requested when my company gave us the option. The clerk was not willing to accomodate even knowing that I was staying the weekend. I later found out that other colleagues had a king size bed without even requesting, so I was very dissapointed that my request was not met. I was mislead to believe that the rooms had 2 queens, instead they were double/doubles. Who still uses those type of beds, in a 4* hotel? Without going into too much detail, the rooms were not of a very good quality, small, cramped bathroom and you had to leave the door open if you took a shower, (no vents). After 2 nights, and my husband arrived, I called the desk and insisted on a king size room, and what do you know.. they found availability funny enough? When we changed rooms at 12:30pm, the staff was very friendly by the way throughout my stay, except for the 1st guy. The carpeting in the king room was wet, but I wasn't about to change the room again or hotels either at this point. Bottom line, the hotel was not what I believe a Marriott normally represents, and i was highly dissappointed. I would not stay in this particular hotel again, even at the lowest rate they had available, which they say they &quot;granted&quot; me to compensate my mishaps throughout my stay. The rate is a whole other story.. thanks for your reading time.	
May 27 2008 	Great time at The Marriott	This hotel is better than what other reviewers have written. I am a single guy in my 30s. I stayed 2 nights at the hotel with a guest. We had a King Room on the top floor that I booked via Priceline and payed little over 1/2 of what the regular rate was each night. I valet my car, and $39 is a little pricey for that,but not so much when you are in a large city, and the time frame didnt take any longer than it does for any other hotel. The elevators too aren't the fastest, but it never got so bad that I decided I would walk up 46 flight like the one reviewer claimed he did ! (Seriously, does anyone believe that?) Upon check in I asked for a room away from the elevators since a lot of people complained that those rooms were noisy. The front desk was very accomdating and gave me a nice quite room. Yes, I could hear traffic noises, like a siren hear or there, but it wasnt like I didnt know that I was in an urban enviornment! You come to a big city you are going to have certain things just like if you went to the country! The room iteself was a little small, but that is what you get in larger cities. I am ok with. I enjoyed the city and its attractions, and didnt spend every hour in my room. Chicago has a lot to do and see - take advantage of it. Although, I did stay in that hotel a few years ago and the rooms were larger! I found it odd that the TV was not flat screen, but was ok with it. The bed was nice and the pillow choices were good too. The bathroom isnt the biggest and one reviewer mentioned that they had to shut the door to use the toliet and shower. Well, I would hope so that you would shut the door to use the bathroom. The indoor pool and hot tub is nice, I wish it stayed open a little longer since I was out all day long and didnt get back until 10 at night, and it closes at 11. It seemed to be less crowded early in the mornings. Lots of cardio equipment and the locker rooms have a steam room. The best part is the location. Close to everything. Almost dead center to everything you want to do on North Michigan Avenue and South Michigan Ave. All of the staff that I encountered was very nice, and the hotel uses Bath and Body Works products.	
May 25 2008 	Not worth paying full price	I attended a conference which was held in this hotel and stayed for three nights. I have stayed in many hotels in Chicago and the Marrott has one of the best locations. It also has comfortable, cheerful rooms, with great views on the upper floors. However that about sums up the few positive aspects of the hotel. There were many things I did not like about this Marriott:Slow elevators, as pointed out by many other posters.No securityPoor temperature controls in the rooms and public spacesBathrooms are the size of a small closetStrong and inefficient layout in room closetsNo flat screen TV, despite a recent remodelLimited channels on TVNo free Internet terminals in the business center; Wi-Fi is free in the lobby but is spotty. Better free-Wi-Fi in conference room areas.Gym has good equipment but is very crampedUgly, dated carpets in the public areasNote that if I got this hotel on Priceline or Hotwire for a good rate, it would be worth it, due to the location alone. However at $330+ a night, which is what I paid, there are far better choices in Chicago.	
May 20 2008 	Does not belong on the Magnificent Mile!	This is a terrible hotel for the price and location. The rooms are cramped, the bathroom was so small I couldn't access the shower or toilet without closing the door. I really expect so much more for a Magnificent Mile hotel. I was traveling on business for 4 days with a colleague and we both checked out after one night and went to the Drake Hotel for the same price.In addition to being small, it was SO loud! All night i could hear the horns honking &amp; taxis being whistled for (from 12 floors up!), and there was a vent fan right outside my room that I could hear all night. Additionally, my room was freezing! I called the front desk and was told the whole hotel was on AC, not heat, so my thermostat was not going to blow hot air, and there was nothing they could do for 50 degree night time weather.I will never stay here again and have told the company I'm doing business with in Chicago not to recommend it to their other colleagues.	
May 16 2008 	Really enjoyed my stay	I had to stay at this Marriott for a conference and after reading some of the negative reviews, I confess I was apprehensive. But the hotel pleasantly surprised me.From the moment I checked in, the staff could not have been friendlier nor more helpful. And my room was spacious, at least according to some of the rooms in NYC that I've stayed. It looks freshly redecorated and the linens were great. The location is perfect - you're in the heart of the Chicago downtown, next to Nordstroms, Saks and others shopping icons. And if you're into fitness, they have a great gym and pool. I managed to get in a workout and then go shop after my conference. I would highly recommend the hotel. Julie in Denver	
May 13 2008 	WONDERFUL!!	I can not find anything bad to say about this hotel. We stayed here last week-end and loved it. This hotel is nice and right in the middle of EVERYTHING. We were able to walk to Millenium Park , Navy Pier, Sears Tower and too many restaurants to list. This is the hotel to stay in. We used the pool and hot tub. This entire area was very clean and the pool water was nice and warm. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We saw no construction going on during our visit. We had a room facing the Chicago River which was behind the elevators and it was quite a bit larger than the regular rooms, you could hear the elevators, but it did not bother us at all. We enjoyed our stay so much, we are planning to return to Chicago again soon for a longer visit. Thanks Marriott!! Happy Travels!	
May 13 2008 	NOt worth it	First the good, it is beautifully redesigned a big improvement over what it was in the past. Rooms are small but comfortable and clean. Banquet services were nice - food good, rooms clean, etc. The Hotel Restaurant was a mess - very expensive, horribly slow service, and the staff rude. The prices at the hotel bar were outrageous. It always irritates me in a $200/night hotel that I am expected to pay $15/night for internet - ridiculous!	
May 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My wife, I and three children stayed at the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile. We live close to the city but wanted to take my wife downtown for mother's day so she could relax and shop (and that she did). I read some reviews before we visited the hotel and I could not disagree with them more. The room was very adequate with a king size bed and a sleeper sofa. The kids slept fine on the pull out and the king bed was awesome! There was no renvovation taking place when we stayed. The room was well appointed, staff were friendly and they have a full service Starbucks in the lobby. They have a nice swimming pool and hot tub which is a must with children. Plus, you absolutely cannot beat the location. We'd stay here again in a heart beat. I noticed people complained about the elevators and the wait. They must not visit big cities often. When you have thousands of people trying to get on and off an elevator, it does take a bit of time. Especially if you are trying to use it in the morning when people are checking in/out. You are on vacation; relax.	
May 12 2008 	Location Location Location	My husband had to go to Chicago for a 2 day conference, so my 2yr old son and I decided to tag along. The best feature about hotel is location. It is close to Millenium Park, Navy Pier, and of course all the shopping on the Magnificent mile. Hotel is still under construction and we saw workers in the lobby. Our Room was on the small side but I think that is standard in those downtown hotels. It had nice new flat screen TV, but no mini bar or coffee mashine. Bathroom was clean, but showerhead screamed for replacement. My main complaint was that it was soooooo cold. We even called the staff to help adjust heating, but nothing helped. My husband also complained that it was very cold where all the lectures were. Hotel has a nice pool on 9th floor, water was luke warm, whirlpool a little better, but air temperature again was too cold. Outside was cold too so we would go to nearby Nordstrom to warm up. Restaurant at the hotel was small. We only tried breakfast buffet since we did not like lunch and dinner menues. Fortunately there are fabolous restaurants just few blocks away.	
Apr 27 2008 	It was ok	My fiance and myself visited this hotel through a work function. It was very easy to find although beware, if you are driving, the entrance is actually on Rush St. We used valet parking and it went fine, as check in did as well. I don't think I have ever checked into a hotel quite so quickly! The service was wonderful. My only problem...the rooms are SO small. We only stayed one night, I couldn't fathom staying another as I was getting claustrophobic. My fiance and I couldn't even pass between the dresser and bed at the same time! The room was very clean, as was the bathroom, we found no problems in that area, we just couldn't move around! We finally started climbing over the bed to get to the other side of the room! I didn't take any pics of the room, I couldn't find a good view. My meeting was at the hotel and it was fine, check out was easy. The only problem we encountered with that was getting our car back from valet, the lady was extremely rude!	
Apr 4 2008 	Great Location Good Room Friendly staff	This location is on the Magnificent Mile and is close to everything. There are subway stations close, too, so you can get to and from the airport easily.The room was clean, looked modern, and was comfortable. They only had one towel in the room, so we had to call for more, but they were brought up promptly.The room was expensive, so I'm not sure I'd stay there again because of that, but it was a great place to stay.They do not provide free internet. I can't believe there are still hotels charging for internet use. This is one of them.	
Apr 2 2008	Terrible Stay Never stay there	It was our daughters birthday celebration we wanted something special. The renovations were terrible because the service was sooo bad! The elevators were so slow we waited 30 minutes to come down to the lobby then just took the steps all the way from the 40 th floor. Then the lounge was closed, okay maybe for the inconvience to their customers they could have a coffee station, NO, they still had you sit in a hallway to have your coffee or wine while the jack hammer was going! The work out room, the tv didn''t match the headsets, so you couldn't listen to the tv, then once again they charged us for bottled water instead of giving us one for the inconvences of the whole hotel. Bottom line the service, the hotel was TERRIBLE. We normally stay at the Drake, we know why now!	
Mar 30 2008 	Underwhelmed...and it is not just the construction	The construction continues at the Marriott downtown Chicago. Let’s be honest, for those of us that travel a lot, we can view construction as a double edged sword – something that you have to put up with if you expect a property to be new and updated but it can be a painful experience. Unfortunately, this is not the only problem that this hotel faces. The Marriott has completed some of their updating – with my room having the new carpet, new bathroom fixtures and in general much better than the last time I was here. Check in was slow, and some of this is due to the temporary check in desk. One can only hope that this process will improve when they get permanent facilities, but one also wonders why it is as slow as it is. WARNING – for those of you that are quiet sleepers, do NOT take a room near the elevators. I had room 4x12 (forty some odd floors up) which apparently backs to the elevator shaft. It is not the “ding” of the elevators that are the problem, it is the noise itself caused by the elevator going up and down. I checked in very late, and didn’t pay much attention to it, and was too tired to change rooms. BIG mistake. As it turns out, I had to take the ironing board off the hooks in the closet to reduce the vibration of the ironing board caused by the elevator. Needless to say, I moved rooms the next morning to 3x20 (thirty some odd floors up). The noise did improve quite a bit, but even several rooms away from the elevator shafts, you can still hear the noise. I feel sorry for those people that are in rooms ending in 12 or the other rooms that are very close to the elevators. Of course, if noise doesn’t bother you, then you are fine. The bathroom is very small, and even with the facelift, the bathroom is still a Marriott bathroom, and there is literally less than a foot between the door and the toilet. It doesn’t appear that they replaced the bathtub during the renovation or mine might have just looked old. It is a nice location, and for my rate of under $200 per night, seems like a bargain. It can be, but be careful as to what you expect and the room that you check into.	
Mar 25 2008	terrible...stay away!	service: we initially found a great deal and reserved through marriott.com. however, after a long day of travel with 2 kids, we checked in at about 10pm they decided to DOUBLE the rate on us, after we had already checked in! the front desk called to our room after the kids had fallen asleep and said the supervisor told them the rate was no longer effective, yet it was on their website! i asked them to compromise b/c it was their mistake but they wouldn't budge. i told them we would find another hotel and they told us &quot;go ahead.&quot; so by the a.m. we were in a better hotel with better service and view! the hotel itself: the front desk had 2 people staffing it and just two parties checking in (including us). however, the other lady at the front desk decided to walk away and not check us in, she told us to wait until the other staffer was done with the first party. hotel entrance was off of machigan ave. and hard to get to b/c of the one way streets. the lobby was a mess with construction going on. we stayed on the 35th floor for one night and could hear the work they were doing! the rooms are very small for 2 adults and 2 small kids. restuarants were meager, weak on selection, bland on food and ridiculous on price ($15 for pastry and piece of fruit)!would not recommend this hotel. you can find better elsewhere!	
Mar 18 2008 	Avoid until construction complete	I have stayed at this hotel many times without problems but it is currently undergoing a major renovation and that presents many challenges. The entire lobby and a number of meeting rooms are under construction. During the day it can be noisy.Unless you can't find a better deal, I would recommend avoiding this hotel until the renovations are complete. After construction I am sure it will be back to its high standards and you can't beat the location in downtown Chicago.One item that doesn't have anything to do with the construction is the overly long delays in answering the phone by hotel staff. It was a noticable problem my last visit. Also, the elevator delays were a big challenge. Plan on ten minutes at least to catch an elevator to and from the lobby.	
Mar 18 2008 	Huge Disappointment - "Under Renovation"	I echo the two previous postings. I stayed here for a full week on business and was so excited...until I got there. Consistently a 10-15 minute wait in line just to speak to someone at front desk or to check-in/check-out. Slooooow elevators cannot support the traffic in the hotel at all. Room was very small and had no microwave or mini-fridge. On top of high price, they charged nightly for internet access (free at most $69/night motels) and $39 a night to valet my car - with possibly the WORST valet service I've ever seen. It takes 10 to 15 minutes AT LEAST to get the car out, which can take much longer because their drop-off/pick-up point is on this awful little street FULL of traffic. I waited 15 minutes to complain to the front desk about the valet issue, and I was told &quot;they are run by a separate company that we contract in. If you want to complain blah blah blah.&quot; In-house dining was a joke- there was either a basic boring bar or a snotty restaurant. In-room dining was even worse! An omelette and toast was $24!!! I did have a beautiful view, but that was definitely the best part of the stay. I would never go back, even after renovations, because I can't even IMAGINE what they will charge then!	
Mar 17 2008 	Travelers Beware	I have just returned from a conference that was held at the Marriott. The advertisement states &quot;under renovation&quot; - THAT IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT. The accommodations are worse than an outdated &quot;Motel 6&quot;. I cannot believe Marriott International would allow one of their properties to host a convention with the condition and service as I experienced.The convention host had me upgraded and requested that I do not contact headquarters. In all of my travels, this is the first time that I have complained to the extent that I needed to.	
Mar 3 2008	Hated Not So Magnificent Mile	We have been big fans of this location in the past and have happy memories there. We were so satisfied we didn't even mind paying double the amount we paid for our last visit. What a disappointment!!! Every time we needed something at the front desk we waited 20 minutes in line to talk to someone. The self check out on the computer didn't work...page not found nor any intelligent person to check you out in a timely manner. The hair dryer in the room didn't work, the room was just barely big enough to spread out your arms and spin in a circle. I didn't see any coffee or tea in room like the fact sheet bragged. We ordered room service that we had to call and beg for a menu as our welcome binder in the room was useless, when one was finally delivered it was incomplete. We tried to go to the restaurant twice and never did see anyone there. We expected there to be construction but not enough to make us never want to stay there again. The people behind the check in desk couldn't get through a conversation with out coughing and sneezing from construction dust they said, which was also very appealing and a highlight of the stay. The placard affixed to the door about Having a Wonderful or Pleasant stay was very mocking. We appreciate the location of this hotel but not enough to pay the money and deal with all of the inadequacies. There are way too many hotels in this area to be that overpriced and under equipped. Way to go Marriott!!!!	
Feb 23 2008	Below my Expectations	I stay at Marriott properties around the world 120+ nights a year for work, and consider myself well-versed on what to expect from their hotels.I have stayed at just about every other Marriott property in Downtown Chicago over the past few years, and have always looked forward to the chance to stay at this hotel because it is the flagship Marriott in Chicago.I was delighted by several aspects of my stay, but really disappointed by others.First, the good points: The room, which I booked on the hotel website, was only $159 a night. It had recently had a &quot;soft&quot; renovation, meaning new carpets, furniture, wallcoverings and bedding. The hotel's lower levels were under renovation, and the areas which had been redone (all the meeting rooms, the restaurant, and the concierge lounge) were really nice. The lobby, which was still torn up, looked like it will eventually be great based on the renderings.Now, the bad: The rooms really needed a more thorough renovation. The bathroom was very tired, and had been redone on the cheap like one of those home improvement shows where they have only $1000 to spend. The tub, tile, and ceilings were old and shabby. The room was really, really small for a Marriott. The hallways are dark and shabby, and according to an employee I know who works at the hotel, are not due to be renovated. They need it badly. The concierge lounge, even with the hotel at full capacity due to a large trade show, is closed on weekends, and due to the renovations, there are few other options on-site for gathering places with colleagues. The elevators were really slow.I think the basic problem here, like a lot of large city hotels, is that the building is about 30 years old, has gotten a lot of traffic over the years, and needs a major renovation moreso than cosmetic improvements..Overall, I think Marriott really has failed with this property. Considering that Chicago is one of the nation's great hotel cities, they have come up short here in an area where there are many terrific competitors. I'm back to the newer and fresher Courtyard or more luxurious Renaissance for my next visit.	
Feb 22 2008	Excellent!	Yes, $400 dollars a night is alot, but we got a much better deal, for our stay. If you are willing to pay that much, go for it. However, if you see a deal less than $200, and really want to stay in downtown, it is hard to pass it. I expect Marriots (Hiltons, Hyatts, Wyndhams, etc.) to be 3-star or 3-1/2 star hotels, with a nice, but rather small room, not too small that I would feel claustrophobic, but not like I feel &quot;wow this room is huge&quot;. However, the room was definately much bigger than expected, especially for being in downtown chicago. I remember staying at the Regal Knickerbocker Hotel (now the Millineum Knickerbocker) and rembered a luxurious looking room that looked way smaller than the average Marriott. Basically the room is just what they say it is on the website, I noticed a large flat screen tv, not alot of channels for the chicago area, but they at least had the basic ones. Comfortable beds, and still area to sit and lounge. Our bellman Jorge, was great, and went out of our way to help us. The check-in was quick, and thats all for service, granted, I do not remember a problem. I did not eat at the hotel or go to the pool, or remember using any other amenities. The location is better than I ever imagined, with a mall next door, and plenty of shopping, and a ton of great restaurants, in less than walking distance. I am from St. Louis, and it was hard to imagine such a great downtown area, with so much to do and so many great places to eat. Many attractions are at Navy Pier and Grant Park which is a bit far, but if you spend the day there, it is best, because you can eat at some of the world's best restaraunts just a few blocks or less away. The other side of the Chicago River, where Grant Park and the Sears Tower is, does not have all the great restaurants, so it may be cheaper. Overall, the Location was the best part, but the hotel was excellent too.	
Feb 22 2008 	Ouch! Not up to par	After spending a few weeks at different Marriott properties in Chicago, I'm getting convinced that Marriott's standards in Chicago are quite substandard. One would assume that this Marriott would be a &quot;Magnificant&quot; one. I could look past the lobby being under renovation, however, the corridors are dirty and smell stale - and that's all the floors I've stayed on. The rooms are OK&lt; though the TVs need updating. The bathrooms are small - as are the rooms. The workout center is the one saving grace. This property is in serious need of the whole place being upgraded.	
Feb 19 2008 	Bascially on par with a Ramada Inn	I travel weekly and find Marriott continues to good down a grade to a level of a Holiday Inn or Ramada Inn. The lobby at this hotel was being remodeled which did not bother me as I do not use those services. The room was very worn. Grout missing in the shower, tiles looking like they were going to fall off, wall papers peeling off the wall. The hallway was missing covers to a couple of light fixtures and ceiling tiles. The room looked like it had not been changed since the 70's. The furniture was fine just the popcorn ceiling etc. I have begun to stay at Hyatt and Westin's more as there standards are much, much higher. I even looked at my bill and was given the bill under my door for a room down the hall. Elevators in the am a nightmare. Too many people wanting to use at once an not enough capacity. No honor bar in room which surprised me. Great location just not a 4 star hotel more 3 or even 2. Got a good deal and now I now why. I guess I would have liked to known why I got the value so maybe I could have decided to pay more for something better.	
Feb 5 2008	Fair Value For A Hotel Located Downtown	If Staying in Chicago for business or shopping the Courtyard is a fairly obvious choice in the mid-range segment. The hotel seemed both new and clean and the strategic location off Michigan Avenue allows for easy access to the city's attractions. There is a parking embedded in the building itself and the subway entrance is not far. The rooms are fairly small, but not New York-claustrophobic. A bigger television set would have been nice. Even nicer would have been the removal of the standard-issue evil propaganda pamphlets in the drawer, which I had to enact myself.The staff were polite and willing to give honest opinions about nearby eateries. It was refreshing to be told a place is over-priced or not quite good without monetary gain in mind.	
Jan 21 2008 	Not Up to Par	Skip this location until the construction is complete. Not only was the lobby under construction, the restuarant has been moved and downsized. The lobby lounge/bar area was worn out and hardly welcoming. The pool area, also under construction, was dirty and the steam room smelled like mildew. With only one restaurant to serve a large hotel, the wait for breakfast was over half an hour! The windows in our room were so poorly insulated that ICE formed and covered them from top to bottom, leaving our room very cold, unless the thermostat was set on 80 at all times. My daughter actually melted the ice with a hairdryer, so we could enjoy our &quot;view&quot;. I would try the Courtyard, one block down, instead - great restaurant and a real Starbuck's onsite. At present, this hotel is not up to Marriott standards.	
Jan 19 2008 	Great Location Disappointing for a Marriott	We spent one night on the weekend before Christmas 2007, just to enjoy the beauty of Chicago, with all the lights and shops of the magnificent mile.The Marriott was a bit overwhelming, to say the least. Maybe it was the pre-Christmas rush, but when we walked into the lobby the first thing we wanted to do was head back out the door. Hundreds and hundreds of people! It was impossible to get to the front desk without having to walk around people, again and again. I would say it was very reminiscent of Penn Station.Still, check-in was very efficient and even though we were way back in line, we were in the elevator in less than 3 minutes.The rooms are tiny (at least the standard room we had), with barely enough space to move around. The beds were extremely comfortable and the view from the window...well, it's Chicago... Gotta love it!We also spent some time in the swimming pool which was very cold and shallow. I wouldn't really call it a pool, but rather a kid's wading pool. Still, it's a pool and the kids had fun.My daughter had always wanted to try breakfast in bed &quot;Suite Life of Zack and Cody&quot; style, so we ordered it and it was right on time. Very expensive but adequate amount of food and hot coffee.The location - right on Michigan Avenue - can't beat that!All in all - a bit disappointing because I always thought of Marriott as an icon of excellence, but I guess my review might be subjective due to the pre-Christmas rush and the fact that I opted for a standard room.	
Jan 16 2008 	Needs refurbishing!	I stayed at this hotel in October for a business trip with my partner, who was there for work. I was there on holidays, so I got to spend lots of time downtown and in the hotel.From the moment we arrived there were problems, firstly them telling us that the agent (through work) had not made the reservation properly, but we could still check in (thanks, it was midnight!)and the next day when we rang the agent, she said it was all booked properly and the Mariott had already taken the money out for the whole two weeks we were there. When we told them this they realised it was their mistake, and the booking had gone through. This just annoyed me because it is a huge thing to mess up, especially for guests who are paying for a premium room and staying for two weeks. Anyway, the room was pretty tiny, small bathroom, old looking..the toilet started flooding the room after the first flush! so instead of moving us to a new room, they actually replaced the toilet! i'm not kidding, the next morning the service people knock on the door and i open it to find two workmen and a new toilet standing in the doorway!! hilarious.The service was good, but not what you expect for a hotel where you are paying $500US to stay a night, it really was not worth that, in Sydney you'd get a top notch hotel for that..and this was pretty bad.The breakfast was good, we had access to the Club Lounge where we could go for breakfast and drinks etc.. not bad.. but still old and tired very 80's ..needs refurbishing.The best thing about the hotel was its location, downtown, close to everything, you walk out the door and you're in the middle of the Magnificent Mile, so you can't ask for better.But no, I would not stay there again, especially if I had to pay for it out of my own money, it is just a waste...you can do better. Try the Four Seasons or the Sheraton in Chicago, I heard they're good.	
Jan 6 2008 	Poor customer service	I travel regularly for business, and with my family. Although this is a nice facility - beware if you have a problem. The staff is courteous, but just don't respond. My case is that we were moved to another room, and my son left a Nintendo game console behind because it was a quick move. I accept responsibility for leaving it in the original room, but did contact the management the same day to inform them; I was told to wait for them to handle it until the next day.Over the next 5 days until checkout, I repeatedly asked the hotel managers and security for help. Beyond taking reports, they did nothing to retrieve the device. And during the next few weeks, Marriott management refused to accept any responsibility, sending me form letters. I was so frustrated I asked for the name of the people who had my original room so I could pursue it. That was ignored, as were letters to the property manager.Bottom line - it ruined my stay. This Marriott has poor customer service and is unresponsive. If you have a problem fix it right then and there and don't take their word that they are &quot;working on it&quot; - because they don't. Obviously they do not value a guest's business.	
Jan 6 2008 	Best Hotel Experience I have ever Had	I did not hear another guest the entire time I was here (from within the room). The place is private, secluded (compared to the Mile area) and is the best hotel I think I've stayed in. The food was great, business services great, and the location is truly great if you have business in the downtown area. I would certainly return to this hotel anytime as the staff were cordial, polite, and seemed to care about the guests. The room had a large TV, nice bathroom, hairdryer, was clean, and had a great mattress (compared to other places we've stayed in). The place called taxis in a timely manner and made great dining suggestions (they were brutally frank in their opinions, which was nice). I really had a relaxing stay at this place. I was in the middle of business areas, but heard little noise while actually staying within the room. And the hotel was sold-out, I was told. Amazing hotel, great experience for a business traveller in Chicago. This is not really a romantic hotel for a vacation trip, but is an oasis for any business traveller or a person in town for a cheap, quick getaway. Breakfast was included with the rate and was very good. I really enjoyed this place.	
Jan 3 2008 	all good at the Marriott	You cannot beat the location of this property if you are looking for shopping and restaurants within walking distance. The free trolley can shuttle you around town as well. The rooms were small but clean and updated. During our visit the hotel was very busy so the elevators were a bit slow. Do not take a room by the elevator- they are loud! Pool and fitness center were good. This is an older hotel but book it if you get a good rate.	
Dec 24 2007 	Disappointing	Stayed for a conference for three days.Room - small, everything worked as it was supposed to, bed was fair and the bathroom was certainly clean. No wireless internet.Lobby - rather underwhelming for a major hotel in downtown Chicago. Lobby bar - absolutely horrific service. Waited for service for over half an hour, and the waitress could not get the order right after a few tries. Manager on duty was marginally effective.Check in - no way to leave the car at the entrance or around it for check in, either valet park for an arm and a leg or use a parking garage next door.Location - certainly central being right in the middle of Michigan ave outside the loopOverall - adequate but rather disappointing considering that this is one of the major downtown hotels.	
Dec 21 2007 	Good Business Hotel in a Great Location	Stayed 2 nights on business. Loved the very comfortable king-size bed and crisp sheets. The room was well set up and kept clean. Bathroom was very decent and I had sufficient space. My room was on the 17th floor and on the quiet part of hotel, so I actually slept really well, which is unusual on the first night for me. The restaurant served very good food. (Ate breakfast and lunch only). Nice, large lobby with Starbucks on-site. Great location on the mag mile with short walk to great shopping. All staff were very friendly and responsive to requests. On the negative sidethermostat in the room could not be set properly, was a little cool.Rooms are not wireless.Although I was told I had late check out, the maid checked me out anyways and my bags were still in the room.	
Dec 19 2007	Very Disappointing Marriott	I stayed at this hotel for a conference, and it was very disappointing. The room was very hot and dry, and adjusting the in-room thermostat didn't seem to make much difference. Many other conference attendees reported the same problem. The hotel does not have wireless internet, and the cable for the internet was so short that it barely reached the desk. Overall, the rooms just seemed outdated. This hotel is in dire need of an update. Based on information in the hotel guidebook, it does appear that they are updating the property, starting with the common areas.	
Dec 13 2007	Love this city!	We just returned from a two-day business/personal trip to Chicago and can't wait to return to this city! We stayed at the Chicago Marriott Downtown, where my conference was held, and really enjoyed the hotel. Although I agree with other posts that the rooms are pretty basic for a Marriott, the beds were very cozy (my husband is insisting we replace our bedding at home with down comforters and pillows like those provided at the hotel). We also had a spectacular view of Lake Michigan and the gorgeous Chicago architecture from our room on the 39th floor. Walking along the Mag Mile one evening, we were entertained by a talented firefighter singing Elvis' Blue Christmas, amplified through a speaker from the fire truck driving down Michigan Avenue while a light snow fell. It was like a scene from a movie.Chicago is known for its fabulous food, and we discovered why. You have to try the Asian Nachos at the Grand Lux. Yummy! The beef wraps at the Big Bowl, along with great service and special treats for &quot;first-timers&quot; make this a place we'll definitely return to on a future visit. Of course no visit to Chicago is complete without trying the legendary deep-dish pizza, and we weren't disappointed. We'd heard from a local that Giordino's on Rush Street was a great place, and I have to say that was the best pizza I've ever had.A couple other highlights - drinks at the Signature Lounge on the 96th floor of the Hancock Building, and a boat tour of the Chicago architecture along the St. Charles river (although I'd recommend doing this in slightly warmer weather next time - my feet are still numb!)Although the traffic isn't for the faint of heart (our cabbie had a fender bender on our way back to the airport), and Chicago in December can be a turnoff for those not used to cold weather, we absolutely love this city and are already looking forward to bringing our three girls back for a visit next summer.	
Dec 10 2007 	Very likely to return	Annual shopping/birthday trip to the Windy City. Thought we'd try this Marriott and glad we did. Location cannot be much better if you are here for shopping on Mag Mile. Room small, yes, but if only in for the weekend who cares. Get out of your room and enjoy Chicago. Beds/pillows were quite comfy. Shower pressure only fair, but what to expect on 22nd floor. Enjoyed the view from the 22nd floor. Service at the door was excellent. They instantly hailed us a cab and loaded our luggage upon checkout. Got us to Second City via a towncar for cheaper than a cab. Staff was friendly all around. EATS - Go across the street to Joe's - it was not a cheap birthday dinner, but boy was it good! Good eats and all the shopping you need within a few blocks of a very nice hotel.	
Nov 22 2007 	Good business hotel	I was at the Marriott for a meeting of my professional society. Overall, I liked it. The room was clean and well-equipped but a bit small. There are plenty of grocery stores and restaurants within easy walkting distance so you're not stuck with paying hotel food and restaurant prices.Business services were decent with one “miss”. I was moderating 2 panels, so I really appreciated the fact that they had A/V people walking in before sessions and asking if everything was OK- technical issues with the equipment could be resolved quickly and easily. They also had a single in-house number to call for support if you needed them at other times. The “miss”- one of my panelists was stuck in traffic and called the hotel trying to reach me. They told him I wasn’t registered there. I’d been there for 4 days at that point. We also found the elevators very slow when sessions finished up; sometimes we waited forever and then 3 showed up on the same floor at once.The high-speed Internet was consistently reliable, which I can’t always say for many hotels I’ve used. You have to sign on daily unless you get the “wired for business” package ($9.95/day) when you check in. Oddly, every time I signed in it gave me a choice of a $14.95 rate or a $9.95 rate and I always chose the $9.95 one even though I hadn’t bought “wired for business” and $9.95 is what I was charged. Note there’s a 15% “Internet tax” on top of that. Nasty.The hotel offers shuttle services to and from Midway and O’Hare every 15 minutes. It’s cheaper than a cab- for the 2 of us it was $38 one way. An alternative is the subway/train system (Grand is the nearest stop) from the airport for $2 but it involves a change of train, which is even worse if you have bags. Two warnings about the shuttle bus: first, we were waiting in the lobby and one came and went without anyone announcing it. So keep an eye out the door. Fortunately, we weren’t in a hurry and got the next one. It’s also “first-come, first-serve” and they don’t take reservations. Ours stopped at a second hotel and couldn’t pick up all the people who were waiting for it due to lack of space. We were skeptical about the one-hour estimate for transit time to the airport when we got into a traffic jam (this was a noon departure from the hotel) but it was almost exactly an hour door to door. You can get tickets for the shuttle at the Concierge desk and they can add it to your room charges.The pool was decent- a nice length but narrow enough that when there were 3 of us swimming laps we had to duck out of each others’ ways as we passed. The Fitness Center had enough equipment that I noted treadmills available at 7 AM.Overall, I liked this hotel and would return if the price is right.	
Nov 20 2007	Great location but get room away from elevators	We spent 6 nights here attending a convention. The hotel has a great location, right on Magnificent Mile and lots of shopping and restaurants within easy walking distance. We were on the 24th floor and even at this level heard road noise and sirens day and night. Guess there's not much soundproofing in the window area. Also, if you go, request a room away from the elevator. We were near a bank of 6 elevators and it was so noisy we had to wear earplugs every night. Housekeeping left something to be desired. Behind the coffeemaker, on a shelf below the desk, I found a previous guest's pill bottle that it looked like she'd stored some kind of brown powdery stuff in (coffee? cocoa? tea? hmmm...). I left it there a couple of days and finally threw it out myself. The one coffee mug I used the first day was never replaced during our 6 night stay, nor were the teabags. This part of the room was basically untouched and invisible to the housekeeper. The lobby bar is very nice and open, and a great meeting place. Conveniently, they serve a light menu which was great for us folks arriving late. I'd stay here again if someone else was paying, just because it's a great location, and I'd definitely get a room w-a-y down the hall from the elevators!	
Nov 7 2007 	Nice Hotel Nice Location	Three girlfriends and I stayed here for a girls weekend.Three chief complaints:a) I would agree the room itself and the bathroom are a bit on the small sideb) We did not have wireless internetc) One of us ordered breakfast from room service, the French Toast did not say it came with bacon so she ordered a side of bacon for $5, which was fine, but the French Toast came with bacon. Room service could have said that and saved us $5.Having said that this is a very nice hotel, accommodating staff, great location, and very comfortable rooms.	
Nov 5 2007 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for a conference, and I was completely satisfied. It had the nice bonuses of most Marriott's these days: really comfortable beds, good front desk service, nice hotel bar. The room I was in was a little bit small for my liking (as was the bathroom), but nothing was wrong with it. Very clean hotel. I second the comment made about needing more elevators-- I, too, had to wait quite a long time to get down from the 36th floor in the morning. Also, they shouldn't have charged for wireless internet, but I paid for it anyways. Nice lobby to &quot;people watch&quot;-- very bustling. Overall really nice hotel, would definately stay here again!	
Oct 31 2007 	Great conference facility room and location	I stayed at this hotel for two nights to attend a conference, also held at the hotel. The food served at the conference was surprisingly good.The room was nice, I had a great view of downtown. No complaintes on the room equipments, cleanliness, and atomosphere. I can't believe they charge for wireless internet in the room though.They need to add more elevetors. I had to wait for such a long time every time I wanted to go to my room or conference floor.Overall, the hotel met most of my expectations of what this hotel would be. I would have given them 5 points instead of 4 for not charging extra for wireless internet.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great location!	This Marriott is perfectly located on Michigan Avenue. It is next to a mall, and within walking distance to all of the shops, the Chicago River, Millenium Park, etc. The hotel itself is very nice, though the rooms are not as updated as some of the other Marriott's we have been to. However, our room was clean and quiet. Also, the Concierge Level was above average and offered an extensive breakfast. Chicago is a beautiful city, and if you are there to tour the area and see all of the sights, then I highly recommend the Marriott. Recommended Sights: Hancock Observatory (within walking distance), Millenium Park (nice walk if the weather is cooperating), and a boat ride of the Charles River &amp; Lake Michigan.	
Oct 30 2007 	Much to be Desired	I recently stayed at the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile for a medical conference. Upon entering the lobby, I was very impressed with the upscale decor and ambiance. The staff was friendly, prompt and courteous. That’s where it ended. The rooms left much to be desired especially at a rate of $300/night (which was a “discounted” conference rate). The décor was very dated. The bathroom had marble countertops, but nothing else. The bathtub had rust and mold was growing within the caulking. The carpeting, décor and lighting in the hallways was so dark, dim and gloomy that I thought I was in an Alfred Hitchcock movie classic. The ice machines did not function properly, so I had to travel up several flights of stairs, to find one that actually worked. Granted, these were small problems, but I had higher expectations for the brand name and price. However, on a brighter note, the location was superb!	
Oct 28 2007	GREAT LOCATION- NICE STAFF	I stayed at the hotel on a Friday night. Location is a 10 out 10. I felt like I had an apartment on Michigan Ave. Elevators were easy to get to. Hotel staff extremely friendly. Train stop (Grand Sr Station) one block or so away. I bid the hotel on Priceline and paid $140 compared to $289 at Marriott.com. Would I stay her again. you bet I would.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel on business and found the location right on N. Michigan to be perfect. Good access to trains, restaurants, shopping, river, etc. I lived in S. Florida for a few years and was excited to see a Joe's Stone Crab directly across the street when I arrived. Room was good sized, clean, and decorated well. Alot of the convenience plugs added to the desk area for business travelers did not work, so i found myself searching for plug-in space behind furniture. Not a huge thing, but if you're gonna bother with the extra plugs, why not make sure they work?Hotel was full with a convention at the time I stayed and it took along time to get an elevator. This was my biggest complaint with the place. Bar in the lobby was fun and active. Restaurant is kinda outta the way up on the 4th or 6th floor, but had a good breakfast buffet at a reasonable price. Price was in-line with other comparable hotels for features and location. I would stay here again on the company's dime. For personal travel, there are slightly better deals close-by that I would choose first.	
Oct 23 2007 	Nice hotel staff very friendly and helpful	Let me start by saying that I love Marriott hotels. I have never stayed at one that I didn't enjoy. That being said, they are sometimes above my price range. For this trip, I needed to go as cheaply as I could without lowering my standards.While searching, the Marriott website was the first one I looked at. Then I looked at different hotel sites as well as travel sites offering deals. Everything was above my budget. So I tried Priceline. This was my first time using it, and I was so very happy when my third bid was accepted to see that I'd won the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile!Being a Pricline reservation, there were restrictions. However, it doesn't hurt to try, so the week before our arrival, I emailed the hotel directly to request that the 2 rooms I had reserved be adjoining and that we have 2 beds in each room. Within one day, I had a reply from them saying they would forward my request to the front desk and do everything possible to accomodate us. When we arrived, I mentioned emailing, and the front desk person assured me that they were going to accomodate that request! I was very happy, as we had 5 in our party, and wanted to stay together, if possible.The rooms were beautifully decorated. The beds were the most comfortable beds I have ever had in a hotel room. Lots of soft, fluffy pillows, down comforters, quality bed linens. Modern, flat screen tv's in each room. Two phones in each room. A desk with chair, and an upholstered chair as well. We also had a full length mirror in each room, which was very nice. The only down side, and this was very minor, was the size of the bathrooms. The toilet and tub were in one very small room, and the sink and closet were outside of that room. Only one person could stand in front of the sink, as there was no room for anyone else. Having 3 women in one room and 2 in the other, this made it a little hard, but we made do just fine. Water pressure in the shower was good, not a fine spray like most hotels. Never had a problem with water temperature either.The staff at this hotel were wonderful. Every time we had a question or request, it was dealt with very courteously and quickly. Check in and out was quick and easy. The only time we ate in one of the hotel restaurants was the morning we left. We grabbed a muffin and coffee on our way out, where the service was quick and the prices were decent.We tried out the pool and the hot tub the last evening, and that was a big hit, as we were all pretty tired from all the walking we did while shopping. The exercise room looked very nice, although we didn't have an opportunity to use it.Location of this hotel was great for our needs. Close enough to walk to the Loop for the theater, and right on the Mag Mile, close to shopping and restaurants. We caught the bus right across the street for the northern end of Michigan Ave, and for going to the zoo.All in all, a wonderful stay, and this hotel may just become the only place I want to stay while visiting Chicago! If only I could afford to stay there more often!	
Oct 14 2007 	Just Loved it	We stayed for a long weekend 10/11 -10/14. Everything about the stay was perfect. The room was great, the view was great, the location was perfect. The front desk was knowledgeable and helpful as was the concierge. Great restaurant recommendations, helpful with directions. This hotel's location is ideal for seeing multiple parts of the city. As other reviewers stated the bathroom was on the smaller side, but it wasn't a problem for us. We didn't spend our trip in there and it was clean and everything was in good order. I honestly have not one complaint about this hotel.	
Sep 28 2007 	Overpriced and disappointing	As a frequent traveler to Chicago, I always welcome the opportunity to come back to a city that has some of the best hotels in the US. Usually I stay at the Park Hyatt or the Peninsula, but our conference was at the Marriott so I stayed there out of convenience- what a mistake! For over $300, you get a room smaller than some closets, with virtually no amenities. The Michigan ave location is good, but for another $150, the Park Hyatt is sure to delight you!	
Sep 26 2007 	Great Stay at the Marriott!	We stayed our first night in a hotel just down the block but were not happy with the premises. Walked into the Marriott on Sept. 8 and they were very helpful - showed us a room and we promptly booked 5 nights on the spot, government rate for 3 nights and AAA rate the other two, so overall less expensive than the hotel down the block.Everything about this hotel made our stay a pleasant experience - the hotel staff, housekeeping, breakfast at their 4th floor dining room, view from our room on the 41st floor, and the fact that the entire hotel is a nonsmoking facility. Rooms were tastefully decorated and very clean. Beds were comfortable and room was quiet, too - no noise from rooms on either side. Ask for a lakeside view - you get a little of the city and a little of the lake. We had a city-only view with sunsets, and that was nice, too. One added bonus: Trader Joes is in the next block, which is convenient for snacks and wines.Location is good - one block off the Magnificent Mile and within walking distance of Millenium Park, the Art Institute, and the Chicago Architecture Foundation (the latter for great tours &amp; info). We didn't care about the shopping on The Mile, but it's where to get buses to go places elsewhere in the city.Overall, the Marriott made our first-time stay in Chicago a wonderful experience. I'd recommend it to my relatives....	
Sep 22 2007 	very dated below average hotel	We stayed at this location for a conference for 5 days. The location was nice but I was not impress with the hotel at all. I rather stay off of Michigan Ave. if it meant we can stay at a hotel where it is cleaner and spacious. We arrived during the conference and it took awhile for us to check-in. Unfortunately, it was during high school proms, the lobby was swamped with 4 different proms the weekend and the attendees of the conference (McCormick Convention Center).I was not impress with the wait in the elevators and because it was so crowded with unsupervised teenagers and professionals, getting to the top floor was a hike. The hallway was very narrow and gloomy with unattractive 70's carpet.The room was very tight. It was two double with a 'view' but it was not much of a view. The got us excited during check in but the room/window was against a wall so we can only see out at an angle. The bathroom was very ugly. The tub was standard and small. Very dated. The toilet was old and the seat was chipping so I can't tell if they cleaned the toilet or not. The closet door did not slide; we called someone to fix it and not one came by to fix the door during our stay. (5 days of neglect).The iron did not work so we had to call for another one. We needed to iron our clothes for work. That was also a drag.Bar was small and dingy. The desk did not know of late night restaurants. Getting a cab was about 20-30 minute wait. I was not impressed at all. The city is full of fun things to do but at the end of the day, we dreaded coming back to our room. I have to go to Chicago every year for the conference and this is one hotel I plan on never returning to. I felt like I was in a run down old Vegas casino-hotel.	
Sep 18 2007 	Thank you Chicago Marriott	I stayed in Chicago with my new FIANCE. We booked a room at the Chicago Marriott. It was a little pricy, but included a lot. I recommend the &quot;Romance Package&quot; to anyone looking for a &quot;wow&quot; weekend. It included champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, breakfast in bed for 2 and a later checkout. Not only was the hotel nicer than anything I've stayed in, but the service was also great. They gave us info on where to go (dinner, nightlife, etc.) We got to check in early. The room was great. Not the biggest, but very nice. We were on the 33rd floor which meant just a magnificent view of the city. I proposed at Navy Pier, and everything worked out great. Needless to say, this was the greatest weekend of our lives. A great hotel, great location and an all around great city. What more could you ask for?	
Sep 11 2007 	Good experience	Arrived early and was able to check my bags and pre-register. The front desk was helpful and friendly. Room was a little small but nice. Room was on the 43rd floor. Fast elevator ride. Great view of the Saturday night fireworks at the Navy Pier. Comfortable beds.	
Sep 10 2007 	Very nice and Marriott-like	I was there this past weekend, and honestly, have no clue what the prior poster is talking about. What construction? We checked in with ease and a smile, even though it was only 10 a.m. Got a room on the 23rd floor. Elevators were never a problem (not even the problem earlier posters had pointed out about crowds, let alone what the prior poster said about only one elevator being in service). Most of the time there was nobody or one other person/couple in the elevator with us on the way up or the way down. We never waited more than a minute for the elevator. The lobby is nice - as I said in the title, very Marriott-like. We were only there for a short stay, so never even sat in the lobby. Did get a cup of tea at the Starbucks in the lobby, again, nice, pleasant service.The room itself was average-size. I'd estimate the main part of the room measures 16 x 13. Unbelieveably comfortable king-size bed and linens. As Marriott rewards customers, we have stayed in many many Marriotts, as well as many many other hotels over the years, and I'd venture to say this was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on, including my own at home. Small dresser and desk, loveseat, two nightstands. The room's biggest &quot;issue&quot; is the size of the bathroom. I've only ever seen one smaller hotel bathroom in my life. This one was shockingly small. It was functional for one person -- it had a nice-size vanity, and it did have a good shower -- but the size made it impossible for two people to get ready at the same time. Even the one person had to wait for the mirror to de-fog. The best things about the hotel - the bed, and knowing that the room would be non-smoking, because all Marriotts are. We would stay here again.	
Sep 6 2007 	Under construction used to be here you just missed it etc. etc.	Great location; service was not so great. Like other reviewers I felt it lacked character. My opinion is probably colored by the fact that the &quot;gentleman&quot; at the front desk was rude to me on check-in. There was a snafu with my reservations and I almost ended up with no place to stay and two teenagers in tow. I had spoken with Marriott directly and asked if this were the hotel next to Nordstrom on MI Ave, to avoid any confusion. They said yes, but apparently I had reserved with an outlying hotel. This one is IMMEDIATELY next to Nordstrom. The man at the front desk let me stay but told me &quot;only this time&quot; and then continued to lecture me. It was demeaning, but I was in a big city with no other decent reservations and felt stuck. I've stayed in Chicago many times and this is the only time I have almost cried at the front desk. The basketball court on the roof, which is advertised on the website, is no longer available - a disappointment to my children. They generally have only ONE elevator in service. The internet costs too much and works only sporadically. I paid for parking but the parking folks were not aware of it. The gift shop is not where it is supposed to be, never found it. The salon has moved. Nothing is where it is advertised in the hotel guide and half of the services are &quot;out of service at this time&quot;. Almost nothing is as advertised or where/when it's supposed to be. Small rooms, but it is fine for a place to sleep in a good location. If you are accustomed to good service you will be disappointed and should take your business elsewhere. Perhaps it will be better once their renovations are completed.	
Sep 1 2007 	Grrrreaaatttt!!!!	We stayed at this hotel August 26th - 30th. It had a great location. It was on Michigan Ave, so great shopping and restaraunts were very near. The room was very nice, small but nice. It was very updated with new TV, desk, chair, etc. The sheets on the bed and the bed itself was very comfortable. The bathroom was a little small, but had great counter space and the shower was nice.There was a large, very nice lobby for relaxing, getting away from your room. It had lots of little sitting areas which was very nice.The elevators were a little slow one evening when several conferences got out, but they said they were working to fix it.The conceirges were very knowledgeable and helpful. They steered us to a close river ride and the free trolley system that runs in the summer.All in all, I would recommend this hotel. We were a little worried when we arrived by cab and no one helped us with our luggage. The bellman out front who seemed in charge and directing cars and cabs just looked at us so we made our way in and as we passed by the bellman station, one asked if we needed assistance with our luggage. Our reply: &quot;we've made it this far!&quot; Why would we carry our luggage to him for assistance. ; ) Oh well, again, great hotel, great location!!!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	I stayed here for a conference, which was also held in the hotel. The rooms were quite nice and clean -- VERY comfortable king-sized bed, good desk and chair, and two nice armchairs. Looks like the rooms have recently been redesigned. A nice feature was the full length mirror, which I don't see in a lot of hotels. Bathroom has nice tile floors and marble countertops.The room was larger than I was expecting for a single -- maybe I'm used to the hotel rooms in New York and London, but this felt like a ballroom compared to most hotel rooms I've been staying in recently.All of the staff were fantastic; very polite, very responsive, and very knowledgeable (with the exception of one Concierge, who didn't really seem to care about helping me, despite the fact that I was the only person at his desk -- the other 4 Concierges I spoke to, though, were great).This is a real nit-pick, but the lobby and the conference rooms' decor were a little dated, but based on a display in the conference area, it looks like those are about to be redesigned, too. This may only matter to people who like to stay in very modern and design-chic places, but I doubt those type of people will be staying at the Marriott anyway.The only qualm I have with this hotel is that the conference room I was in for two days had a LOT of noise above us -- I have no idea what was going on elsewhere in the hotel, but you could hear very large thuds above us. On two occasions, the chandeliers above us actually shook due to the large commotion.The location of this hotel is key: only a few blocks from Lake Michigan; a few blocks from the river; it's right on the Magnificent Mile, which has a ton of shopping and good restaurants; and it's one block from the subway, which can get you to Wrigley Field or US Cellular Field very quickly, for only 2 dollars!One note on the hotel: I stayed there in August, and the AC was on full blast. I'm not one that gets chilled easily, but it was FREEZING in all public spaces of the hotel, including the conference rooms. My room had a thermostat, which did a good job warming/chilling my personal space.Overall, I recommend staying here if you're traveling to Chicago.	
Aug 27 2007 	Awesome Chicago stay!	We just got back from a magnificent stay in Chicago. I wish we could have stayed longer. The hotel was excellent in just about everything--but the absolute best is the service of their staff! The location is fabulous, it is on the main vein of downtown and within walking distance of many attractions. Being that it is at the Magnificent Mile is a treat in itself. Their facilities are great, and even though there was construction going on during our stay, I wasn't even aware of it. I think another great aspect is their concierge lounge--one of the very best I've seen. I could easily go on and on about how great it is. We know that we'll definitely stay there on our next trip.	
Aug 26 2007 	Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile	We stayed here for 2 nights in March 2007. This hotel is in a great location, perfect for shopping or if you are in the city for business or a convention. I was in town for a conference at the Hyatt Regency, which was less than a 10 minute walk from the Marriott.We had access to the concierge lounge, which offered a huge buffet breakfast with lots of choices. (The hotel restaurant was also attached to the concierge lounge, so anyone with out concierge access could pay for breakfast, although I think it $20 or $30 a piece for the breakfast buffet.) The staff was very friendly in the lounge/restaurant the cooks were even singing while they were making made-to-order omelets.We happened to be in town while there pre-March Madness basketball games going on in Chicago. The team and fans from Michigan State University (MSU) were also staying in the hotel while we were there.The location of this hotel was the best part, all of the shopping and restaurant choices you could want were right outside the door on Michigan Avenue.	
Aug 21 2007 	Perfect Location	This is a great hotel. Location is perfect. Employees areso nice. Rooms are very very clean. I don't have onebad thing to say about this hotel. Lawrence was so helpfuland made every effort to make our stay special.As a travel agent, I would recommend this hotel toall my clients first when preparing a trip to Chicago.Teresa Duke	
Aug 15 2007 	Good location but not great for the $$	Pros: Amazingly comfortable bed &amp; pillows, nice bathroom, great location, helpful staff. Cons: Internet costs $15 a day more, slow elevators...had to take stairs 4 times from 14th floor due to how slow they were, very crowded, conventions always going on	
Aug 14 2007 	Good but large and busy hotel	The Marriott Magnificent Mile is a solid hotel, with a great location (right next to Nordstrom, a couple of blocks from the river, about 4 blocks from the Water Tower). I stayed in this hotel again in July for a work function over 1 week, and it remains good. The one drawback comes with its size - basically there are a lot of events happening in this hotel, and as a result the lobby will always be busy, the elevators can sometimes be overcrowded and slow, etc.All in all there's nothing patently bad with the hotel, I just can't think of anything to recommend it over say the Fairmont or other hotels in the area which I like better. I would like to see free wireless or high speed Internet make it as a service (right now it stands at over $10 a day, for something that comes for free at the lower-end Courtyard). Also the rooms (especially the bathrooms, which are institutional-beige and have horrible lighting) could use some sprucing up, and so could the amenities. Beds were very comfortable, and my room was spacious.The door personnel were great, especially upon departure on Friday when the area gets congested and they were able to put me on a towncar going to O'Hare rather quickly. Room cleanup can take a few hours as it's common in a hotel of this size. All in all, a middle-of-the-pack hotel. It may pay off to look around considering you will find some nicer offerings in this price range.	
Aug 14 2007 	great location	we got a fantastic deal on travelzoo, and really enjoyed our stay. The location is fantastic. I loved the lobby bar. The rooms were nice, and we had a lake view. I would definitely stay here again	
Aug 13 2007 	Good Location	The hotel's location is perfect. It's right on Michigan Ave and close to all the crazyness of MI Ave. -:) The only thing that annoyed me about the hotel is the noise. I could hear my neighbors loud and clear, and for some reason when we had the air conditioner on, there was this really loud rumbling noise which kept my friends up at night, but I slept okay. The beds are really comfy and the rooms are nice and clean. But what was funny was when we checked in the guy at the front desk told me the rooms are really small and since I asked for a &quot;nice view&quot; he gave me a room that was a little bigger. It was just an average room- nice and nothing special. For the area, the Grand Lux Cafe, Cheesecake Factory are great places for dinner. The North Ave beach is incredible! You won't even feel like you're in a city. Overall Chicago is just a beautiful city.	
Aug 12 2007 	Not particularly magnificent	I just got back from a weekend visit to Chicago, having stayed at the Marriott Magnificent Mile with my fourteen year old daugther and eleven year old son. Most of the reviews here were so positive that I was expecting a really nice experience. I found, however, that this hotel is a very typical, convention-center type hotel, hosting large groups and tons of tourists. The lobby is large, teeming with people, and super noisy. Our room, with two full-size beds, was small, although the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. The three of us felt quite cramped. Also, the street noise in our room on the 20th floor kept us up most of the night. On the good side, everyone working at the Marriott was very friendly and helpful and, although room service food was very expensive, they do offer a decent delivery pizza, and have a Starbuck's type coffee car in the lobby, where you can pick up a muffin and coffee in the morning. Also, the location on Michigan Avenue is great for shopping. All-in-all, our stay was ok, but next time we go to Chicago, we'll look for a larger room and someplace with a little more character.	
Aug 1 2007 	Huge Hotel - Too Large!	As always, the good, the bad, and the ugly.The Good - Nice clean rooms. Spotless. - Large bathroom with free standing shower. - Conceirge service made us dinner reservations last minute with no problems. Very nice. - Location. Doors to the heart of Michigan Avenue.  - Views from room. I would believe that most higher floor rooms have nice views of the city. Our room looked to the west away from the lake but was very enjoyable. - Free trib on Sunday morning. Nice touch. - Pool/fitness center. Nice enough for a couple of days. Staff was also nice. - Valet parking. Retrieved my car quickly each morning. Daily rate was about $35ish....The Bad - A line literally 50+ deep at check-in. Apparently arrived just after bus of conventionists. As a Marriott club member, I moved to the VIP check in. If I didn't have membership, I am sure I wuold have waited quite some time. - The hotel is huuuuuuge. While this isn't necessarily bad for everyone, I prefer smaller hotels. I knew this going in and was prepared, but if you want a quiet place with good personal service, look somewhere else. - Windows. Two items, first they would not open so I could get a breath of fresh air. Second, they were not double-paned so even though I was 30+ floors up the police/fire car sirens sounded like they were coming from the closet! - Shower water pressure. Horrible. Literally dribbled out of the shower head. - Manager-on-duty. I called to complain about the water pressure and was told it met &quot;engineering specifications&quot; of the building. After quite a conversation I was promised a $100 credit on my bill. I did not receive it upon checkout and instead of speaking up, I simply made a note to never stay there again.The Ugly- The manager not following up on his word to give me a credit.Enjoy Chicago.	
Jul 12 2007 	Couldn't be beat...	I stayed at the Marriott Mag Mile on 6/22-6/24 with my cousin for a “girls-weekend”. I booked it the day before through Priceline at a rate of $137 (+ tax) through “Name Your Own Price”. The hotel and staff were great. We were on the 14th floor but we didn’t have a great view. I had requested a lake-view but they could not accommodate me for whatever reasons (but it wasn’t a big deal). Rooms were clean and decently sized. The Marriott is in an excellent location! We basically walked everywhere we wanted to go. The pool area seemed to be nice although we didn’t take a swim. There were ambulance sirens and car alarms which could be heard even on the 14th floor but it didn’t keep us from sleeping. This hotel is normally priced for over $380 a night so for the price we paid, it was an excellent deal!!	
Jun 26 2007 	OK but not the luxury I expected	I stayed here for a recent business meeting. Pros: the location is perfect, right in the heart of the poshest part of downtown Chicago and close to everything. the beds were very comfortable and clean. the decor was fairly modern (although not the prettiest I've seen). the place has a nice buzz and full service lobby. cool news ticker TV screens in the elevators. Neighbor/street noise wasn't too bad.Cons: the room I had was definitely on the small side, especially for the $300-500 price it is usually charged for. there was no fridge or microwave. The high floor elevators were either partially broken one day or just overused because they took forever and were packed during certain hours of the day. Overall the place is nice, but I just feel like I've seen better and hipper hotels in this price range (check out the Park Hyatt lobby for one.) Unless I got a bargain rate, I think I would stay elsewhere for a luxury hotel experience.	
Jun 21 2007 	(Mostly) Positive Experience	I visited this hotel in April for a conference. The hotel was beautiful and the location was awesome. My room was very clean with nice linens and a great bathroom. I also had an unexpected view of the lake.Restaurant food was tasty but expensive. Try the breakfast buffet - it was wonderful. There are plenty of other restaurants within walking distance that offer a much better value for lunch and dinner.The basketball court on the roof was very cool. The gym was okay but the hot tub was out of order during my entire stay. The elevators were another problem. There were simply too few of them to handle such a large hotel, especially during a conference. I also noticed the housekeeping staff frequently used the guest elevators and would not allow guests to ride with them! That was especially annoying after waiting several minutes for an elevator. The only thing you could do was push the button and wait for another elevator, praying that it when it arrived there would be room in it for you.The staff (with the exception of the housekeeping staff in the elevators) was extremely helpful. When I was leaving the hotel the bellman arranged for me to take a Lincoln towncar to the airport that cost less than taxi fare, an unexpected bonus.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago downtown area. I would try to avoid staying at this hotel if they are hosting particularly large conferences.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great Location Good Service	Perhaps one of the best locations if you want to stay in the shopping area. ESPN Zone is nearby to boot. Hotel was very clean and had good service. Met my high expectations for a Marriott level hotel. The only problem was the elevators were really slow. There was a large convention (always a problem on any hotel facilities) so beware for a future visit.	
Jun 10 2007 	Fantastic location outstanding service1!	We stayed at the downtown Marriott on Michigan Ave in early March. I can not express how much I loved this hotel. We booked through an email rate of $99 a night and would have gladly paid 3x that for the service, location and beauty of the hotel. The hotel breakfast is incredible (pricey, but worth every penny!) We were two young women (24 and 27) and the shopping right out the door was a &quot;GODsend&quot;!!	
May 31 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at the Marriott	This was my first trip to Chicago. I traveled over Memorial day weekend to attend a medical conference. I traveled with my parents and my two children. We were on the 25th floor and had connecting rooms. One room seemed a little larger. Both had a lovely view of Michigan avenue, and a partial lake view. We even had a view of the fireworks shot off from navy pier two nights! Our rooms were immaculate, and seemed to have been recently redone with new carpet, drapes and furniture. Our windows opened. The beds were very comfortable. Housekeeping was prompt every day with an attention to detail. My children swam at least twice a day! The pool wasn't huge but it was adequate for them and it was clean. It was open until 11pm. We ate dinner at Ventoso. The food and service was very good, though the room lacked ambience (no windows or view), The concierge was veryhelpful with practical tourist advice.We loved the hotel's location, an easy walk to the river or to the water tower. There are nice restaurants and shopping nearby. My son loved the lego store. We celebrated my daughter's birthday at the American Girl place. I highly recommend the show and restaurant if you have a preteen! We used the free shuttle and the city buses.I would gladly stay here again. It was reasonably priced, in my pricerange in an area of high end luxury hotels!	
May 29 2007	had a great stay here	Loved this hotel! We got a fantastic rate thanks to DVD chicago hotel guy from tripadvisor ($109 a night).  Just got back from a 4 night stay. What can I say? Location, location, location! It's in a really good location, has a fantastic lobby, lots of elevators, no waiting. The concierges were extremely helpful and knowledgeable and there were usually 2 or 3 on staff at any time. We (myself and two other women) had absolutely no complaints about this hotel, particularly at the price we got. A little, liveable-with complaint-beds were too soft.VERY GOOD DEAL FOR THE PRICE WE PAID!!!!!	
May 29 2007 	Great Location 	We had a great stay at the Marriott over Memorial Weekend. Rooms were decent size for Chicago (much bigger than when we stayed at the Palmer House). We had a lake view. We enjoyed the lobby bar. You can have a drink and still be a part of all the action. The location is perfect for shopping, dining, and going out, all of which are in walking distance. We ate 1 meal at Ventosu (the restaurant on the 4th floor), and the food was very good. We got a great rate on Travelzoo, and I would stay here again.	
May 21 2007 	Not worth the $$	Stayed here for two nights in May for a convention, booked at the &quot;convention rate&quot;. Don't get me wrong, the hotel is exquisitely clean &amp; staff overly nice. However, the room was tiny (we had 2DB). No fridge (to put in our leftover pizza or Thai food). Diffifult for wife &amp; I to be in the bathroom at same time. Loved the desk chair &amp; work area. Did not use the internet (did not want to pay $15/day). Instead went to Kinkos (located inside hotel lobby). Location was hotel's only saving grace, as it is right on Michigan avenue, &amp; 2 blocks from Subway.	
May 17 2007 	Great location	I got a great deal on travel zoo for $99 per night compared to the $179 the website was offering. I took my Mother for Mother's Day weekend and she and I had a great time! The room was a regular size, two Queen beds and she loved the view from the 37th floor. Great location, we were able to walk to all the good shops and touristy spots. Though we were on the 37th floor we, the elevators were always right on time. Many restaurants near by. Would definitely stay again !!	
May 17 2007 	Overall Nice Great Location	I just recently returned from a weekend trip to Chicago with a few buddies of mine. We stayed at the Marriott Chicago/Magnificent Mile. It was a 3 day, 2 night trip: Rooms: I have done a bunch of travel in the last couple of years and have stayed at many different types of hotels/resorts and different chains. At this Marriott, I thought that the beds in the rooms were some of the most comfortable that I have ever slept on. The pillows were extremely comfortable as well as the bed itself and the light featherbed that was on it. I have been told my other people that all Marriott beds are like this, but all I know is that the beds at this Marriott were extremely comfortable. The rooms contained an ironing board, Iron, Bath and Body Works Shampoo and Conditioner, plenty of towels, with a flat screen TV, small table and chairs, and high speed internet (available for a small fee). The room itself was not extremely big but had a decent view of the city. (I heard some rooms, the view is not so good!) The carpets and bathroom was clean which is always nice. The hallways were also quiet at night which was a plus. Lobby: We stayed at this Marriott over the weekend and the lobby and lobby bar were extremely busy. The lobby is an open space with lots of tables and couches for you to sit on, relax, and have a cocktail before heading out to the city for the night. The prices were reasonable for service at the bar. It was a very nice lobby experience. Also in the lobby was the bell desk, front desk, and the concierge which was very helpful in finding nearby restaurants and bars. Location: This hotel I believe is in a great location. It is right on Michigan Avenue in the heart of the “loop.” (I hope that is what the immediate downtown is called.) It is very close to “ Rush St. ” and all of the hotspots of downtown. There is great shopping close as well as many great restaurants within walking distance. At the hotel, we valet parked our car with the hotel and never once removed it from the garage as we could walk anywhere we wanted to go or just take a short cab ride. Service: Check in was extremely quick. All we needed to do was give our last name and our reservation was pulled up. The staff was quick to have our bags brought upstairs and tell us where all of the amenities of the hotel were such as gift/sundry shop, pool, coffee bar, lobby bar etc.. The concierge located in the lobby was very helpful with making reservations and providing lists of nearby restaurants broken down by type of food and location. Finally, the valet and bellmen at the front entrance were very quick to hail us a cab, or to help us go in any direction that we needed. Pool: There is a pool located on the 9th floor (I think) but we did see or go in it. Overall, Our stay at the Marriott was great and provided a great “home base” to go and do whatever we wanted to do that night in Chicago . I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would stay there again if I was to once again, visit the Windy City .	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Location Good Price	I received an excellent price on priceline for this 3 star hotel. We were on the 42nd floor and had an excellent view of the city and the lake. Our room was located next to the elevators but we never were bothered by their sound (I don't recall hearing them at all)! The room was very clean. The concierge was also very friendly and helpful with directions. Please ignore all the other negative reviews, these people are whining and don't really know what they are talking about. A room on a low level will not have a great view (common sense)!Yes, many events are held at this hotel so the elevators may become filled at certain times (like early morning or around dinner/cocktail hour) but this is to be expected. If you are looking for a more affordable option (for chicago, mind you) stay here!	
Apr 25 2007 	Great Choice	Perfect location, beautiful room, lovely pool, good coffee, friendly and helpful staff. They even brought in a complimentary fridge for medicine. The only irritation was the Internet charge. Check travelzoo.com for special rates. Note: A car is unnecessary! Sights within 12 blocks are delightfully walkable, taxis are everywhere, shuttle vans go to/from airports, and it *is* possible to ride the train with luggage.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Location; Should be Better value for the Money	ProsThe property, as the name suggests, is in an awesome location with so many sights, shops, beautiful buildings, etc. If you arrive by car, use the valet parking because it is easier – though it is $36/night. Even though I was there for one night, I did not need (or miss) having the car. The staff, as expected, was top notched; quick check in and out; helpful; pleasant; etc. ConsThe room itself, in terms of its size, was below average for a four-star hotel. It was dark and, apart from the bed (Marriott beds are among the best), was just not up to snuff; it felt like a cave in there. Also, the room I had (2403) had no view to speak of, was at the end of the hallway – almost right off the elevator, and I felt like it was among the worst on the floor. (Off course, I cannot confirm that it was the worst – the location and other things lead me to feel this way.) As always, there was no wireless internet – not even in the public areas. What’s worse, members of my contingent who stayed at the Fairmont, commented that they had a much nicer room at a lower price *and* they said that had wireless access in the public areas. Isn’t the Fairmont brand a member of the Marriott chain? If so, what gives? Finally, all but one of the elevators did not work for a part of the day (4/11). This hotel was one of the major hosts of the largest annual education conference – tens of thousands of participants – and the elevators were not working! What else can I say?	
Apr 16 2007 	Great location/Clean rooms	Hotel location was perfect for downtown shopping. Rooms were very clean and updated. Tenth floor pool and workout facilities were enjoyable. Easy parking (structure attached for $28/day).	
Apr 16 2007	Good hotel but expected more because of the name	Well, i usually dont stay at hotels this nice, so that being said this was a great hotel. Also, since i got a very discounted rate of $100 then i should not have much room to complain. Truth be told, this place for $100 in downtown Chicago is a steal. However, i had never been in a Marriott before and expected more. The place was clean and the staff was nice. The beds were awesome, very comfortable. Now time for the bad: they wouldnt let us play basketball, even though it was nice outside, they said the courts were not open until May. The pool was closed for a whole day because some kid, well you get the rest. The hote tub was closed most of the day as well. The game room is gone, a staff member told us it was taken out. The AC did not work, it was nice weather and they still had the building heat on so it was pretty warm in the room at night. Bottom line, this hotel is very nice and for $100 in this location is is great, but it wasnt as luxerious as i thought Marriott's usually are.G Man	
Apr 4 2007	Marriott Magnificent Mile Great Value and Location	We recently got back from a weekend at the Marriott on the Magnificient Mile in Chicago. I got an awesome rate of $99 through Travelzoo! I believe it is usually over $200 a night. When we walked in my husband said &quot;are you sure you got this for $99 a night?&quot; It was beautiful! Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The concierge gave wonderful advise and directions. No question was too small. The location was perfect--right on Michigan Ave. near all the shopping. The rooms are nice, although not big, but we weren't there much anyway. The beds were very comfortable. I'd stay at the Marriott for this great rate again in a minute.	
Apr 2 2007 	Good location poor service.	Quite unfriendly staff at this hotel. They must figure they don't get paid enough to smile...First night I was stuck in a room right next to the elevator shaft. Two hours of sleep was all I was able to get. Thankfully they found a different room for me for the remaining two nights, but out of the three people I dealt with to arrange this, not a single one had anything remotely apologetic to say about the discomfort and inconvenience.Another thing that was a minus for me, but may well be a plus for others is that the beds are extremely soft. You kind of get swallowed up by these things.	
Apr 2 2007 	Sloooooow elevators	Great location and room was decent.Elevators were the slowest that I have ever experienced, other than the ones at the Marriott Time Square (must be a Marriott issue). Average wait time was at least 5 minutes here (if I am lucky). We had to resort to planning our trips up and down the hotel to minimize the use of the elevators.Got a great price for the weekend, but would think twice before staying here again...the elevators were just too annoying.	
Apr 1 2007 	Below Marriott Standards	We spent five nights at this hotel in March 2007. The good: Location on Michigan Avenue; universally friendly and professional people on the hotel staff. The bad: Nothing in the hotel seemed to work the first time. Housekeeping, heating/cooling. telephone, reservation, final bill. Everything was a little off. This property is not up to the usual Marriott standards. The ugly: Chicago itself. Art Institute and Science and Industry Museums were excellent as was the Chicago Opera Theatre. City seemed dirty and extremely noisy with very uninteresting stores (it looked like one big mall with the same stores you can find anywhere). The less said about the food and restaurants the better. We were underwhelmed.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great location and lobby. Room below expectations	Disappointing room by Marriott standards but being just a five minute walk from the Sears tower and a few minutes walk from subway this is perfect for the tourist and would have have been a 5 but for the room. The smart lobby is huge and includes a large bar, Starbucks and at the weekend I was there the place had quite a buzz. My room on the 40? something floor was perfectly adequate but below expectations for both decor and linen but being such a big hotel one could assume this varies throughout and I maybe I got unlucky or maybe it was the small window that gave the room a gloomy feel, however, the aircon was quiet and efficient. I stayed here maybe 3 years previous and did not recollect having same impression about the room.	
Mar 25 2007	Great Location	Stayed three nights and overall had a good experience. Was on the 42nd floor facing west (away from the lake) with a good city view. The room was clean but felt rather cramped with a king bed. The concierge lounge, interestingly, is on the 4th floor, in what used to be one of the restaurants. It is large, quiet, and well-staffed. The breakfast is simply the complete buffet served at the adjoining restaurant (Ventuso); quite a deal considering it costs $17.95 if you had to pay. The evening snack is always cheese/crackers/fruit, salad, and one hot pasta--good, not great. Dessert was simply cookies, brownies, and mini-cheesecakes. The lounge was not open on Sat or Sun morning and coupons were not offered to MR elite (Gold) members. The fitness center included a cardio room and a weight room, separated by a small indoor pool. The cardio machines worked well and ventilation in the room was superior to the usual claustrophobic atmosphere of hotel fitness rooms. Next door to the Hotel was the Westfield Shopping Center, which housed Nordstrom's, and had a decent foodcourt. There are many good restaurants within walking distance. For those interested in the big 3 museum attractions (Field's, Shedd's, and Adler) there is a CTA bus that runs on Michigan Ave, on the same side of the Hotel, that will drop you off at the front entrance, much closer than the train will get you. In summary, a great location for an above-average convention hotel. Would stay again for the right price.	
Mar 3 2007 	Marriott Magnificent Mile ~ Stay Here While in Chicago	We stayed at the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile while in Chicago on a business trip. The staff was wonderfully friendly and helpful, and the hotel is centrally located ~ step outside the doors and you're right on Chicago's Magnificent Mile. Our room was tastefully done and comfortable and had all the business amenities one might need. The staff was helpful and quick to respond. I would highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Feb 27 2007 	Very Nice Hotel Stay	I just spent a wonderfuI weekend at this hotel. The location was perdect for experiencing downtown Chicago and the room was very well appointed and comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 21 2007	Will definitely choose again	This was my second stay in this hotel and I was glad to be back. Will definitely choose again next time in Chicago for business. The rooms are clean and well appointed. I believe refurbished since my last visit in 2005. Very convenient to everything on Michigan Avenue. I asked for a quiet room and I was at the very end of a hallway. Nice night's sleep. The Starbucks in the lobby works great for a quick coffee and muffin on the run.	
Feb 21 2007	Nice Staff Noisy Room Near Elevator Shaft	I love Marriott’s so when I travel I try to get a Marriott. The problem with my room here had to do with being able to hear the Elevator car going up and down from the 34th floor. I moved the second night away from the elevator and I was fine. Nice rooms, clean comfortable bed. Nothing out of the ordinary. The restaurant was nice for dinner and for breakfast I had the free buffet that comes with the Concierge level.They have a hair salon in there for the last minute clip. The food is great and again the staff was very nice. If you aren't a marriott reward's member, do sign up.. I think Marriott has the best point program out there with the best chance of being able to actually redeem your points.	
Jan 19 2007 	Excellent choice for Magnificent Mile	This review is written by a business traveller that frequents Hilton and Marriott hotels throughout the US.EXECUTIVE SUMMARYExcellent choice for those staying downtown, wanting to be on Magnificent Mile. Service is top-notch, facilities and rooms are excellent. Views from high-floor rooms are excellent. Recommended to friends and family.FEATURES / PROS - contemporary / relative-new decor in all in-room and common areas. - all-new bedding and linens. - 32&quot; Phillips flat-screen TVs. - Great views from rooms on the higher levels. - Curved shower bars. - Massaging showerheads. - 24-hour fitness facility. - One of the best conceirge lounges I have seen - it is tied into the adjacent restaurant, and features a full bar, two buffet areas, LCD/plasma TVs, and more. - Large lobby (sitting) area with bar. - Great service everywhere.CONS - Elevators can be some distance from your room, so ask for a room near the elevators. I did not notice any long elevator wait times, and so either the problem has been fixed since a previous reviewer mentioned it, or I happened to stay for five days without as many guests.Recommended to friends and family.	
Jan 17 2007 	Magnificent Marriott Hotel	We were lucky to nab a great airfare from FLL to Chicago for the MLK Weekend. We were even luckier to nab a Travel Zoo special at the Marriott, $99/night. The hotel is huge and busy. But we were able to check-in to our room at 10 AM. Room 4129 is on the 41st Floor and faces west, giving a nice view of the Sears Tower and other beautiful down town buildings from the wall-to-wall, floor to ceiling windows. The room is average size, very clean and offers plenty of closet and drawer space. The lighting is good and there are plenty easy-to-reach electric outlets. The bed is like a piece of heaven, with good pillow top mattress, high thread count sheets, down comforter, and 3 standard size down pillows and 3 euro stuffed pillows...great spot to rest and watch the snow fall outside the window. The bath is a small (tub) but trendy with good towels and Bath Body Works amenities.The location of this hotel is ideal for site-seeing. It's front is on Michigan Av (Mag Mile) and back is on Rush Street. All the shopping and dining you could possibly want are steps from the doors. The closest subway stop is the red-line Grand Station, 3 blocks west of the Marriott on Grand Avenue. It's super easy to use the public transportation from the airport (we flew in/out of O'Hare). From O'Hare take the blue-line to Jackson and transfer via an underground tunnel (free transfer) to the red-line; then it's a couple stops to Grand. You could also get off the blue-line at the blue-line Grand Station and take the 65 bus toward navy pier. It stops at Rush and Illinois. So, it's a short one block walk. Best thing is it costs less than $2, what a deal! Chicago is a great town to visit and the Marriott is a fine hotel to stay.	
Jan 15 2007 	Hate the elavators!	Got a good rate from Travelzoo.com. The room was updated and clean. Heaters worked quietly and efficiently. The bathroom was clean and the water hot. The staff was friendly and courteous. The only complain and its a big one....it took forever for the elevators! Average wait was 5 minutes! And these are express elevators!	
Jan 1 2007 	Don't celebrate New Years Eve here!!!	First of all, per ads for the Marriott's NYE party, it was not said the event was non-smoking. We received an e-mail the day before that smoking was not allowed, yet there was an ashtray on each and every table. Secondly, my fiance and I paid $350 for our two v.i.p. tickets which was to include top shelf liquour, express entry, and access to six rooms, one of which was supposed to cater towards alternative/rock music. There was not top shelf anywhere to be found. If you wanted vodka and lemonade, you were served finlandia and a sweet and sour mix in a small PLASTIC cup which was jammed full of ice. If you wanted red bull and vodka, you were served rock star and finlandia by the slowest, most inexperienced bartenders to be found. There was only one genre of music in each room, and that was club music. In the beginning of the night you were allowed to order as many drinks as you wanted, but a few minutes before midnight the bartenders announced there would be a two drink minimum.The confetti drop that was advertised ONLY happened on the 7th floor, where Tara Reid was hosting. Yet when we purchased these tickets it implied there would be confetti regardless of what floor you were on. They crammed so many people into these few rooms that if you dared to use the elevators, there was at least a half hour wait!!! The grand finale would be the god awful cab stand out front of the hotel. Cabs were not coming fast enough, it was cold, and there was no security to keep any order. I point this out only because as my fiance, my sister and I waited for a cab, i was verbally assaulted by a civilian walking thru the crowd.final comment......stay home if the Marriott Mag Mile is your only option!!!!!!!	
Dec 27 2006	Magical Christmas 	My family (three teenage boys) stayed at this property for 2 nights including Christmas Eve. We loved it! We had two rooms (adjoined) on the 34th floor and the view waking up Christmas morning was unforgettable. We also liked ESPN ZONe (watched the Chiefs game Saturday night), Big Bowl and Buca de Beppo for restaurants. The location was great, we walked to the Cathedral for midnight mass and never had a problem getting around the whole time we were there thanks to the Red Train and free Christmas shuttles to everywhere. Polly at the desk was great and Jorge the bellman. Thank you for a time we'll never forget.	
Oct 29 2006 	Nice Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Mariott over a long weekend. The staff was very friendly. When we checked in my wife needed band aids and we asked where the gift shop was and the front desk person had them sent up. Within two minutes of arriving at our room, they knocked ont he door with the band aids. The room was nice, but very samll. It was basically big enough for one king bed and a chair. The TV reception was cloudy on a lot of the channels, and there were even blank channels when you were scrolling through. We got both breakfast and dinner once from room service, and both times the food arrived promptly and was very good. The location is great, right next to a mall and right in the middle of all the shopping on Michigan Avenue.	
Sep 27 2006 	Okay but not great	I've stayed at this hotel for years [and in fact lived across the street from it when I lived in Chicago]. The hotel has gone downhill over those years. Service is an issue. For example, housekeeping in an effort to get their work done tried to get into my room to clean at 7:30 am when i was in the shower. Coffee requested for the next morning could not be delivered 1/2 hour earlier when called. Bar food order for a basic burger took almost 40 minutes. And clock was unplugged in my room when i got there, and the outlets were poorly grounded. So I don't give the hotel the benefit of the doubt anymore after this stay. Overall, there is much that needs to be focused upon to get this place back up to snuff. If you have a choice, stay at the Intercontinental across the street. Much more customer focused, up to date, and reliable. If the Marriott infuses some cash and training into this place, it might go back up to four stars.	
Sep 21 2006 	An Excellent Time	This is a wonderful property located in the heart of chicago. Our room, a double on the 35th floor was clean and well appointed including what seemed to be brand new carpeting. The only negative, as noted in earlier reviews, the bathrooom was unvented. A small but irritating fact that of course leads to steamy mirrors etc.The view from the large window was very nice and the office style chair was a real plus wwhile the easy chair was only marginally comfortable. The beds were upgraded and very comfortable.The Beanery in the lobby served tasty Starbucks coffee and some passable pastries. Points off for no microwave to warm the pastries.We chose the Ventoso restaurant for breakfast on Monday and as usual found nearly every item to be overpriced including a $14 buffet. We chose the $6 oatmeal which is a Marriott speciality. It comes with strawberries and blueberries as well as brown sugar and raisens. Actually well worth the price. The coffee on the other hand was terrible. I told the waiter as politely as I could that it was undrinkable and it was removed from the bill with an apology.Overall an A+	
Aug 30 2006 	Very comfortable	Very clean, comfortable room and friendly staff. The hotel's Italian restaurant is fair. Better off to eat at Joe's Steakhouse across the street. It is superb. This hotel is adjacent to great shopping-- A good place to stay in the heart of the shopping district. Beds and pillows are comfy too.	
Aug 21 2006	Great location--All else as expected	As a Marriott Rewards member, I know what to expect of Marriott Properties. This hotel was exactly as expected. Formal enough without being stuffy, decent service and value. The location can't be beat!	
Aug 16 2006 	Perfect Location	Stayed at the Marriott Aug 12-14. Absolutely loved this hotel. My girlfriend and I went for a girl's weekend away and thought the location was just perfect for what we needed. Shopping right there &amp; close to everything. We walked all over even to Navy Pier.At night it was so nice to crawl into the big comfy bed and we slept like babies. For us it worked. Only thing to complain about is not knowing where everything was, our room at least, did not have any info on what the hotel offered. When we go back we will once again stay at the Marriott.	
Jul 25 2006	MAGNIFICENT MILE OVERLOOK	We stayed at the Marriott Hotel in Chicago the 2nd week of July(06) and had a pleasant stay.The room was standard but the view on the 35th floor looking east to the lake was great.The bathroom was small by any standard and unvented.The pool was good and the fitness room excellent.The location was prime for our needs as we ate at a lot of different locations.Never did we eat in the hotel.We did have drinks at the bar in the main area on the 1st floor. Overall it worked out good for my wife and myself.  :)	
Jul 20 2006 	This is the hotel if you're staying downtown	I spent a week here in early July -- and have stayed at this hotel about a half dozen times over the years. Service is excellent, rooms are OK, restaurant not great. But, if you want to stay in downtown this is a very good choice. Restaurants abound nearby and many attractions are easy to reach. You'll be in the middle of much of what Chicago has to offer. The hotel is older but has been maintained well. Big minus the lack of Internet service -- it's wired and costs $15 A DAY in the room. A big minus if you want to be online.	
Jul 11 2006 	Everything else is great but the rooms	Don´t get me wrong, it´s a nice hotel with a supreme location. It´s just that I´ve stayed at the Marriott Courtyard with equally good location and paid a $100 less. Even the room at the Courtyard was better, and the only thing it lacked was the five-star lobby that the Marriott has. The fitness room was nice and breakfast too, so overall it´s ok but not great.	
Jul 9 2006	Great Location Average Hotel	We stayed at the Chicago Downtown Marriott in late June. If your business takes you to the downtown area of Chicago, this place is a must. This hotel sits on Michigan Ave and within walking distance to all of the great shopping located on the Magnificient 5/8 mile. The hotel is average on appearance. The lobby offers a nice sit down area, bar, and coffee shop. The rooms are SMALL in comparison to other Marriott's we have stayed. The rooms did not have coffee makers or hair dryers. The pool was a lap pool only 12'x38'. There is a nice work out room that offers cycles and free weights.Valet parking is offered for $35 a day or self parking for $22 a day. We opted for self parking and found it to be a bargain as we walked or bussed to all of tourist locations.Overall, I would rate this hotel as average due to the small rooms, lack of a swimming pool, no coffee pots or hair dryers.	
Jun 23 2006 	Another great Marriott	I stayed 4 nights at the Marriott while on business in Chicago. It's hard to find a better location if you want to stay north of the river and on a busy street. The hotel kept pretty busy the whole time but I never saw long lines at the front desk.Pros: Well-sized rooms, awesome bed, ok workspace. I had a nice view from the 11th floor, facing west. Fitness area and gym are top notch; good equipment, size and fanastic basketball courts on the roof with a view to all the other high rises (try it, just to see the view). Room service was delivered within 5 mins of the specified time. Food quality was fairly good. Cons: Pricy internet access which was slow at times ($15 per day). No fridge or mini bar in the room. Trouble getting a comfortable room temperature; even had an engineer come by but he couldn't do anything about it. If you are in need for shoe shine, there is a lady by the elevators who does a fantastic job. I had breakfast from the coffee shop twice; service was poor and the food was so-so. Overall, I would be pleased if travel took me to this hotel again.	
Jun 8 2006 	Better than Expected	I stayed at the Marriott from June 4-7 while attending a conference at the hotel. It's a large hotel located right in the middle of great restaurants and shopping and near the river and Navy Pier. The rooms are clean and nicely appointed but a bit on the small side. The bed was very comfortable. As others have pointed out, the lobby is like Grand Central Station--a hub of activity throughout most of the day. I found the front desk staff to be professional and friendly. When I asked for a late check out, the clerk on duty promptly agreed. A $5 bottle of Evian water was accidentally added to my bill, and it was removed without a hassle when I pointed it out. They have a nice cardio room and a separate free weight room. While I prefer smaller hotels, the Marriott turned out to be better than I expected.	
Jun 7 2006	Overall it was good	This was my second stay at this hotel. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are a bit noisy...even from the 30th floor I could hear all of the traffic in the streets below and it goes on well into the night. On Friday night I could hear car alarms, horns, sirens etc until long after midnight.I had a king room on the end of the hall which was nice but not as spacious as some others I have seen. The bed was very comfortable and the lighting good as well.There are numerous restaurants within less than a block whichfor what one gets have a wider selection and better prices than the hotel's restaurant. There is a coffee shop in the lobby a bonus when you need your morning or afternoon caffiene fix.The gym is first rate and free to hotel guests. There are 5 or 6 elliptical machines, as many treadmills and a couple of bikes and stairsteppers in one room with several televisions. There is also a weight room with a full selection of dumbells/barbells and around 20 machines.The only negative thing that I can say is that they charge for high speed internet! It is almost $15 per day (noon to noon). You can use an 800 number for dial up service (if your ISP has one) and that call is free. I find it hard to believe that a hotel that charged almost $200 per night (and that was a discounted/meeting rate!) didn't provide high speed access for free. Many of the other places that I have stayed (Holiday Inn Express, Hampton Inn to name two in the last month) provide high speed or even wireless high speed service at no charge.	
Jun 3 2006	decent but pricey	Overall this is a nice hotel but we did have a few problems. The best part was that the beds were really comfortable. It was also in a really good location for shopping.The hotel was very crowded and it sometimes took more than ten minutes to wait for an elevator! They definately need more elevators and half of them were always broken. The lobby was constantly crowded and noisy even in the middle of the night, but everyone was very friendly. The website for this hotel claims parking is about $20 a day, but it is actually $34 a day even if you self park. The parking structure is on Rush st. and is only a short walk away from the hotel. We also were annoyed that you can't adjust the temperature in your room and it was a little on the hot side. The breakfast offered was really expensive too! Overall, this hotel is okay but I don't think it's worth the price they charge. We booked on priceline and named our own price and ended up getting a good discount, otherwise I would have been annoyed about paying so much for this hotel.	
May 30 2006	Skip It	Here's the good- helpful staff. nice linens super soft bed. now - the bad - loud and crowded. The SWAG or SNAG or something like that conference was there and certainly did not add to the atmosphere. The bathroom had mildew and the parking fee quoted of $22 turned into $35 because we didn't park the car in the garage ourselves. The pool (if thats what you want to call this tiny thing was filthy and the jacuzzi was tepid. Likewise they charged us an extra $20/night for an upgrade. ELite members are offered a gratis upgrade if available. Not so here! ANd our bill was incorrect - they charged us for breakfast when it was to be included. I'll stay elsewhere next time.	
May 11 2006 	Not for Light Sleepers	This was the host hotel for an association meeting I attended. Overall, the hotel is good; quality food, staff, room, bed and upkeep. For the price, the room seemed small, but I think that is a Chicago thing.The killer is the outside noise. In a 27th floor room, the sirens and taxi horns sound like they are right outside. I hung up the do not disturb sign so the service staff would not remove the pile of pillows and sofa cushions I put up against the window to damp a little bit of the noise. My wife could hear sirens when I talked to her on the phone- no lie. Seriously, this place ties for the worst soundproofing ever. I've stayed in truckstop Super 8s that had the same decibal level.Overall, it is an OK place to spend an employer's money, but I would not spend my money or points here. I have this odd desire to sleep when I go to bed at night. When earplugs and a pillow over the head won't do it; that is a facilty problem.	
Apr 24 2006	Location Location Location	My best friend and I stayed at the Marriot. It was soo fun. The best part was the location. The hotel is in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan and Ohio) and walking distance from all the cool shops. The people at the front desk were really cool and they gave us rooms that were on the 40th floor... all we had to do is ask. We took cabs everywhere and nothing was more than $10. The rooms were AWESOME! And the staff (especially the Conceirge) was so helpful and REALLY really nice. The beds were top notch and everything about the place was very classy. The lobby was always full of people because it was so inviting and really comfortable. The $35 valet fee was worth it because everyone was so nice and you were able to do ins and outs anytime you wanted (even though we left the car in the garage the whole time). It was a great experience at the Marriot. We were very pleased with the hotel.	
Apr 17 2006 	" Great Staff " very friendly and helpful	Wonderful Staff, anything that we needed from Front Desk, Bell Hop, Valet, Housekeeping, Conceirge, to persons behind the coffee shop counter(The Bean) all were very helpful and/in a timely manner.This hotel was in a great location, within walking distance to great shopping, if some places not in walking distance try public transportation(CTA)work just as well we had a car, it was cheaper and convenient to walk or use public transportation then it was to park downtown, we were already paying for valet parking at the hotel at $35.00 per day. The only complaint that I have is that the bathroom were small. Great place to Stay and Wonderful place for Conventions and Conferences.	
Apr 10 2006	Great location-	We stayed at the Marriott Magnificant in Chicago for a weekend getaway. Location is superb and we had no trouble checking in or getting our car from valet despite the manic atmosphere in the lobby. The room service, housekeeping, concierge, valet and bell staff could not have been nicer. Room was on the small side but comfortable and nicely redecorated. I'd suggest requesting a higher floor in a room at the end of the hall. It was very quiet and offered wonderful views.	
Mar 27 2006	Marriott as good as or better than the rest ...	Spent our anniversary weekend (3/24 - 26,2006) at Marriott, Mag Mile. Pros: new bed w/ fabulous pillows, duvet .... Room was smallish but still worked. Location is just terrific ... everything (shopping, restaurants, entertainment within walking distance). Minor cons: requested early check-in wasn't ready for us. Desk billed incorrectly. They had our platinum certificate and then misplaced it. Problem was quickly resolved. Coffee bar (The Bean) is very understaffed (one person!). The hotel was totally full ... and I think they were all in the lobby area at one time! Very, very crowded and very, very loud. (You could escape to the 4th floor lounge). Major con: elite desk service at check-in could not have been colder. Definitely a departure from most Marriott properties.Overall, the pros win. This is probably the 20th time one of us has stayed at this property and we would definitely return.	
Mar 14 2006	Wonderful Stay	My wife and I were in Chicago over the weekend of March 10th and stayed in the Marriott and couldn't have been more pleased. Like most of the hotels in this area, the Marriott is convenient to just about everything. The weather was perfect and we walked about in a mile in every direction with the hotel being the center point. The concierge was friendly and knowledgeable (as most would expect), the room was somewhat small, but nicely appointed. We had a great view of the city from the 39th floor and the king bed was absolutely phenomenal. Sorry others did not have the wonderful stay that we had. I'd highly recommend.	
Feb 27 2006	This place is just AWFUL.	I decided to give the place one more try. I understood they had renovated the place, so in the spirit of objectivity, I decided to try it again. I find that I must report that this place is just as awful as it has been every time I've stayed there in the past 10 years.Check in is too time-consuming as the &quot;elite&quot; check-in area does not have a room map and take forever finding one. The room renovation is just awful--the furnishings are not business user-friendly, the beds and other furniture are strangely placed providing a very cramped room. The room coffee pot is hidden on a low shelf that was so remote that I had to call the front desk for assistance in finding it. The bedside phone didn't work, the desk phone cord was so stapled down that it wouldn't move more than 12 inches. Room services is just as inept as ever--bringing a $4 bottle of water when I specifically ordered &quot;tap water with ice.&quot; As a Platinum member trying to use a one night free coupon (that I discussed at length ad nauseum at check in) was not applied to my final bill. The correct accounting of the final bill at the front desk at check out took forever.The management at this hotel just simply doesn't care. A warning from a multi-year Marriott Platinum Member: Stay ANYWHERE else in Chicago but this awful place.	
Feb 10 2006 	Refreshed from Remodeling Meeting Staff was Great	Our group was attending a medical conference this past January and most of us stayed at the Marriott. While the rooms were considered small by many -- comparable to a NYC/Manhattan size room -- they were impressed by the recent renovations. One employee couldn't stop talking about how great the bedding and sheets were.We hosted a 15-person buffet lunch in the Old Towne room on the second floor. While the room was a little stuff -- no windows -- the chairs and boardroom table were up to date. Several people commented on them. The food was excellent and the catering manager was great to work with. The only problem was that the lunch was set a little too early and the staff was a bit too aggressive in cleaning up. Other than that, we will definitely consider this hotel for our next Chicago-based meeting.	
Jan 30 2006	Pass on the hotel restaurant!	We always stay here when we come to town. They used to have a wonderful steakhouse called, JW's. Great ambience, great food, great staff. Now, that is disappeared and they only have 1 restaurant called Ventosa's? Supposedly italian. The atmosphere is absolutely horrific. Way overpriced, service not in keeping with Marriott's usual style. I don't know why they at least didn't move this restaurant over to where JWs was - it at least had styl. This was pure &quot;cardboard&quot;!	
Jan 18 2006	Crowded Dance Convention Hotel	Stayed at the hotel with my husband and two daughters for the Company Dance Convention. Overall, the hotel was fine. The room was nice - 40th floor - great view and comfortable beds. The convention space was clean and well staffed. There were problems with the elevators. It took at least 10 minutes to get an elevator. We were told that three of the six were broken which could have been the problem. Ended up taking the freight elevator to avoid the wait. Another problem is there is no cafe/restaurant on site. Now there are many restaurants easily within walking distance but when one is at a convention with children and there is only one hour to eat and waiting for an elevator eats up at least 10 minutes, it would be nice to be able to buy something quick and light. The staff was very friendly, especially our bellman - George. Housekeeping was a bit stingy with towels. I called to request extras and they brought up 4 wash cloths! I guess I had to specify bath towels. Valet Parking not recommended. Long lines at check out time and the turn around in front of the hotel is congested. Use the self park just down the street but be sure to get your ticket validated or you will pay $32 a day instead of $22. Have a great time in Chicago!!	
Jan 1 2006	far too noisy	This hotel felt like the big impersonal convention hotel it is. Noise from the hallways and the almost constant sirens from Michigan Avenue ruined my sleep. The rooms were very good with nice comfortable beds, but some soundproofing is in order. Service was good if cold. You can do better than this.	
Dec 22 2005	Great Location That's about it	Perfect for shopping or touring around Chicago. The lobby is far too busy, even for the Marriott Platinum line. Service was dreadfully slow in the restaurants and room service. The elite lounge was closed on the weekends. It took them an hour to find my car. At one point, they told me they lost it. Then they charged me over $100 for the couple of days it was parked. The rooms are small and the hallways very noisy. This location is NOT worth the price	
Nov 29 2005	Right in the middle of everything	We stayed at the Marriott over Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel has one entrance on Michigan Ave and one entrance on Rush St. It is in a perfect location on the Magnificent Mile. You are in walking distance to the Navy Pier, Water Tower, Hancock Center, etc. If you are a walker, you can walk easily to the Loop, Rush Street restaurant and bars, Chicago Theater, Millenium Park, etc. Public transportation is easy. There is a Red Line train station very close on Grand Ave, there are free trolleys to the Navy Pier, and taxis are plentiful.The hotel lobby was always packed with people hanging out in the lobby bar, which spills out into the entire lobby. Families were hanging in the lobby on couches, having cocktails, reading papers, and chatting at all hours!Check in was easy. We got there at 10:00 AM and they had a room ready for us! The elevators were fast. The hallways smeeled of new carpet. The room was very nice with a new furniture smell. We had a King bed and fold out couch. No balcony, but the large window gave us a view of Michigan Ave and Lake Michigan. The bed was very comfortable. Overall we were very pleased.The negatives: The elevators are VERY loud. It sounds like a subway train running under the hotel. In fact, that's what we thought the sound was at first. Then we realized... the trains don't run under the hotel that frequently!The bathroom is very small.We had a room service charge on our bill. We did not order room service! The front desk said someone must have signed the wrong room number! That's a trick I'll have to remember! Just sign the wrong room number?!? Hmmm.... How can the hotel let someone get away with this?Someone tried to slide a key in our door repeatedly at 1:30 am trying to get in the room. It woke me up and I looked out the peephole. When I did the guy quickly slipped off down the hall.Our rate for the holiday weekend was $229 per night and we used a $100 Marriott bonus bucks coupon.Overall it was a nice stay and we would stay there again.	
Nov 16 2005 	There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Hotel...	I stayed here for three nights during a conference that was also held at the hotel. I was a bit put off by the two separate check-in desks, one marked &quot;Elite Guests&quot; and the other for the common people. A front desk clerk at the &quot;elite&quot; desk quickly reacted to a line forming at the &quot;common folk&quot; desk and began to check in &quot;commoners&quot; so check-in was rather smooth. When I arrived in my room, I was unable to get the television to work. I called the front desk and was told that the housekeeper probably knocked the plug out of the wall. I checked and, sure enough, the plug was indeed unplugged. (Two days later, the housekeeper again disconnected the TV.) I soon discovered that the carpet on the floor of the closet was wet. An engineer responded immediately and assured me that the housekeeper had apparently spilled soapy water on the floor and failed to clean it up. The bathroom had not been cleaned very thoroughly. A price sticker was stuck to the floor, hair was on the toiletries tray and in the bathtub, and at least one of the toiletry bottles had been opened and used. Clearly the housekeeping staff needs additional training and closer supervision.The in-room directory of services and hotel signage listed two restaurants that had been closed permanently. When I asked the concierge for a dinner recommendation, she recommended the one remaining hotel restaurant and offered a discount coupon. The food was very good and the service attentive -- which I particularly appreciated as I was dining alone.After a restful sleep in a very comfortable bed -- with the air conditioner cooling the room -- on my first night in the hotel, I suffered through a sleepless night on my second night, thanks to a very warm and very stuffy room and what I feared was a defective air conditioner. I called the front desk in the morning and was told by an unsympathetic clerk, &quot;I wish you'd called earlier -- I would have told you to open the window.&quot; The clerk went on to explain that the hotel had turned off the air conditioning and turned on the heat. (The outside temperatures were in the high 40s at night and the 50s during the day.) My efforts to lower the thermostat had succeeded only in generating more hot air. The clerk assured me that if the hotel got enough complaints, they would turn the air conditioning back on and turn off the heat. The meeting rooms were quite comfortable -- one was even a little chilly -- so I was hopeful that the problem had been resolved. Unfortunately, when I returned to my room to change for dinner, I found that my room was even warmer and even more stuffy. I immediately called the front desk and was told -- again -- that the air conditioning system had been turned off and the heat turned on. The clerk sent up an engineer, who checked the air temperature (80 degrees!), opened the window and assured me the room would cool within 20 minutes. With the street noises (including fire engines responding to a major fire downtown) coming in through the open window, and the room temperature only slightly cooler, sleep was once again virtually impossible. I would not recommend this hotel until and unless they address the heating and air conditioning issues.	
Nov 7 2005	Perfect For A Quick Shopping Weekend!	I just returned from an excellent stay at this Marriott. I was very satisfied with this hotel, as were my traveling companions. The hotel was packed to the gills with people and yet our room was very quiet. The beds were extremely comfortable. The staff was courteous and responsive -- providing extra amenities soon after they were requested. The view was fabulous. The room was clean. We had great luck with the valet parking as well. It was ideal for a weekend jaunt to Chicago.	
Oct 25 2005 	Great- except cannot control room temperature	I would have given this hotel a better rating, had the HV/AC in my room been better. I was at the hotel for a conference. I would leave the room temp set at 60 every morning and when I would come back it would be HOT. 72 degrees with heat coming out the vent. I called down to the front desk and they told me that all the room are climate controlled at 72 degrees that means that even if you set the temp higher or lower, it won't work.....72 degrees! Why sets at room at 72?!?!?!...72 degrees is HOT and stuffy. The room was stuffy and although the bed was great it was very hot when I was sleeping. I couldn't even set the thermostat for the air or vent to circulate because only hot air came out. I met many other people staying at the hotel who had the same problem.	
Oct 7 2005	Military discount rocked! GREAT location!	Let me preface this by saying that we do not normally stay in 4-5 star hotels. We are 3 star hotel people because we usually don't want to spend a lot on a room but want to get a clean, decent room. We chose this hotel because they were offering an awesome ***military discount. Their standard rooms were running between $250.00 - $300.00/night. The government rate was only $149.00. This is a GREAT price for a Chicago hotel if you've never been there. This hotel is SMACK in the middle of the Magnificent Mile. If you like to shop, you'll be in heaven. Just off the top of my head, there was Gap, Nordstrom, Guess, Virgin Megastore within 10 seconds of walking. The view on our side was spectacular as well. We could see Lake Michigan in the distance. And the skyscrapers were beautiful, too. The window in the room took up the entire outside wall. The room was decorated beautifully. The beds were OH SO comfy!!! They use 300 thread count sheets, a feather duvet and a mattress pad that makes it so soft. Flat screen TV, in-room coffee maker, iron, hairdryer, Neutrogena soap, conditioner, lotion. Furniture was nice. Again, we're used to standard hotel rooms, so this was a treat! The rooms were very quiet. We never heard our neighbors and just barely heard the traffic outside. The lobby was HOPPING every night. This is apparently an extremely popular location for weddings and conventions. The ONLY knock I had on the hotel was: the room wasn't huge, but it was more apparent because there were 4 adults staying in the room. The bathroom was pretty small. Only room for one without a doubt in the can. No in-room refrigerator or microwave. We would have liked to eat some of the leftovers from the fabulous places we ate... No continental breakfast. Again, I'm used to free bagels and cereal at the HoJo. Prices for food at the hotel were RIPOFFS! Luckily they had a special on the Oktoberfest Sammy Adams beer for $3 or we wouldn't have drank in the bar at all. The beers were $5.00/each. Ridiculous. And the bottle of Evian in the room was $5.00. But you won't need to eat in the hotel with so many fabulous restaurants nearby. Anyway, if you're a government employee/military, use your discount to stay at a fabulously located and beautiful hotel. Since this was probably my first 4-star hotel experience, I don't have any other 4-5 star hotels to compare it to. SO, unless you're an absolute hotel snob, you won't be disappointed!	
Oct 3 2005	Great place	I visited Chicago last month. My stay in the Marriot was great. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. Service was awesome . I had some trouble with the safety box in my room (couldnt open it after I put my stuff inside) and the response from the staff was incredible, even the Manager on Duty gave us a call to apologize for the inconvinient. The only thing is the size of the bathroom (bit small).	
Sep 23 2005 	Good service nice hotel but noisy	We stayed three nights mid-September. We checked in very quickly, despite a large number of people arriving at the same time, with friendly front desk service. The room was not large, but very comfortable, with a great bed. All the guests were raving about the comfortable beds. Valet parking service was quick, and we had no problems getting the car in and out when needed. Only complaint is sound level. We could hear the elevators from our rooms, and despite being on the 29th floor, could hear street noise all the time, especially sirens. Excellent location, and the hotel is spotlessly clean.	
Aug 15 2005	Good place to stay	I stayed at the Marriott on the Magnificient Mile for 5 days in mid July. Lets talk about the pluses - the location is very close to the Loop. I love to walk around Chicago and the location could not be beat. There are movie theatres across the street and wonderful dining abound. As it is on Michigan Ave., I could simply walk up Michigan Ave for the finer shopping. The hotel has a cigar friendly bar on the 4th floor. It is totally cool for you fellow afficionados. The hotel appeared to be well managed and staff was courteous and well trained.The only down side, really, was that the outdoor temperature was in the 90 degree range during that week. My air conditioning was uncontrollable. My room was freezing (I guess I really should not complain too much as there were several other guests whose A/C was not working enough) and the hotel engineer could not do anything to aleviate the temperature problem. In the grand scheme of things, it was not too bad. I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 9 2005	Great Location	My wife and I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Courtyard Mag Mile, July 31 through August 2. I booked on-line with the Courtyard's web site after searching all of the common travel web sites and getting the best deal on Courtyard's own site. I booked a corner queen room and requested an upper floor, non-smoking. We got exactly what I asked for.Check in was as quick as the express check out. We asked for tips on dining and were given many choices by the friendly staff. We did not try the food in the hotel restaurant. The room was clean. It was not huge, but it was adequate for the two of us. We did not spend much time in the room anyway. The location could not be better. You are within walking distance of clubs, shopping, dining and Lake Michigan. The museums are a short cab ride away. If you are looking for a large lavish room, valet parking, porters, servants and the like, this hotel is not for you. We self-parked in the adjacent lot and carried our two small bags into our own room. If you want a clean, modern, comfortable reasonably priced place to stay in the heart of all there is to do in downtown Chicago, the Courtyard is worth a look.	
Aug 3 2005 	more valet problems	My last stay at the Marriott Downtwon was quite disappointing. Upon checking out on a Saturday afternoon and retrieving my car from the hotel valet which is run by a separate outfit called InterPark, I noticed that my vehicle was vandalized. Items were removed from the glove box and storage pockets in the front seat. The coin tray was also damaged during the heist. I completed the incident report and was informed that the matter would be resolved in couple of days and I would hear back from them the following Tuesday. After not hearing from them, I called the hotel and they immediately informed me that it was not thier issue and they would forward my call to the valet stand. When I spoke to the valet manager, he quickly informed me that the claim was denied and it is stated on the parking stub that lost or stolen items are not their responsibility. When I asked why didnt he just tell me this at the time of the theft, he stated because he needed to do an investigation first. When asked what that investigation involved, he stated that he speaks to the &quot;parkers&quot; individually and asks them if they left the car unlocked or if they took anything. I asked him if that protocol ever amounted to a confession in all the times that a theft occured and he responded &quot;No&quot;. Isn't that a surprise! When asked what good was the incident report for, his respose was &quot;for your insurance company&quot;! Wow! Repeated calls to his supervisor at InterPark went right to voice mail and unresponded to. When looking for help on resolving this, I came across an article published a few weeks ago in the Sun Times regarding &quot;Valet Parking Abuse&quot; in Chicago and wouldn't you know who's hotel was listed as a violator. The Chicago Downtown Marriott.message to all: Park at your own risk!	
Jul 13 2005	Very Relieved.	Being a light sleeper, and having read some of the past reviews, I was worried about the noise level in this hotel.However, I cant remember one instance all weekend when I heard any disturbances from my room. And the bed was very comfortable. Many other reviews also were also complaining about the size of the rooms. For a major city downtown highrise the rooms were average to above average in size. I found the rooms to be spectacular and the view from the 35th floor was outstanding. The best part about this hotel is its location. Located right on the mag mile, you are in the middle of everything. Within walking distance of nightlife, and right in the heart of the shopping district. My only complaint about this hotel would be that the lobby was always crowded, even at 4am if felt somewhat cramped. The lobby was decent enough in size, but it felt somewhat crowded do to the way it was setup. All in All , few complaints, highly recommended.	
Jun 30 2005 	Great Location	I spent 3 nights at the Marriott for a conference. I have been there before for the same reasons. Great location, walked everywhere! Yes, the rooms are small but they have been remodeled. I was originally assigned to a king bed/smoking room and I was not happy about that since I specifically asked when I checked in for 2 bed/non smoking. (my family was planning to meet me there the last day) After an extensive wait for the elevator, I found my room a disappointment. But...the staff was so helpful that when I called to ask for a different room, they had a bell hop meet me at the elevator of the 43rd floor and take me to my new room. I was now on the top floor (46th) facing Lake Michigan in a room I was hoping for. I enjoyed the fireworks on Wednesday night off of the Navy Pier, since I could see it right out my window. The staff at the hotel are extremely helpful. I was impressed! Parking is expensive but no different than most hotels in Chicago. They use the ramp across the street and with a hotel stamp, your cost per day is around $23 or so. Park your car and leave it! You can walk or taxi it around town. Many hot spots within 6-8 blocks as well as around the corner. Harley Davidson store, ESPN zone and a pizza restaurant are right out the main entrance, which is on RUSH St /Ohio St. not Michigan Ave. Walking distance to Navy Pier, Water Tower Place shopping, Gap, Cheesecake Factory Restaurant and many, many other specialty shops. I enjoyed staying at the Marriott but I know there are hotels within a couple blocks that I have stayed at for alot less cost. Examples, Holiday Inn, Best Western on Ohio.	
Jun 22 2005	Good Hotel in prime location	I stayed in the Marriott Downtown on Michigan Avenue for 2nts earlier on this month (Jun 05) and would definetly recommend it. The room was a good size and very nicely decorated, the view wasn't great but this didn't affect our stay. We were checked in very quickly despite the fact that the hotel was busy when we arrived. The lobby/bar area was always buzzing night or day and this gave a bit of atmosphere to such a large hotel. The free trolley stop for Navy Pier is approx a 2/3min from the Rush St entrance. As the hotel is situated directly on Michigan Ave you have access to all the shops and restaurants in the area and nothing is very far away.My only negative point would be that the hotel could do with some soundproofing. The room walls do seem quite thin and you can generally hear people outside in the corridor. Despite this I had no problem sleeping and was not woken up at any stage.Overall a good hotel, especially if you can get a reasonable rate. Staff very courteous and friendly at all times.	
May 22 2005 	Basic rooms good location	Spent 2 nights in May 2005 for a business conference. Although many reviewers have complained about the small size of the rooms, they need to realize that these rooms are fairly standard-sized for being located in the heart of a major city. Yes, the rooms are small (and the bathrooms even more tiny), but most of the rooms have been renovated/updated and they are very clean. The staff is friendly and accommodating. The hotel is centrally located to the Michigan Ave. shops, which is a bonus for out-of-towners who are seeking shopping and sights. Lakeshore Drive, which is a 7.5 mile path on the lake, is wonderful for taking a run or stroll and it's just blocks from the hotel, as well. The Marriott's gym is MUCH too small for a hotel of its size. The cardio equipment is packed during the morning hours, which is inconvenient when you are on a schedule. Marriott should work on the gym and expand it.If you're planning on staying in your room a lot, then the Marriott is not for you. It's also not great if you have kids, as the walls are thinner than most. But if you're out and about either exploring the area or at a biz conference and need a clean, albeit small, room that has been modernized then the Marriott will suit you well.	
May 11 2005 	Great Stay	My husband and I spent 4 wonderful nights and days in Chicago and enjoyed our hotel very much. You couldn't ask for a better location and the rooms were very nice. The hotel can be quite pricey so I would look for discounts. Everything was great - no complaints at all.	
May 10 2005 	Exactly what you would expect	The Marriott on Michigan is exactly what you would expect for a convention hotel in a big city. Nothing special but nothing terrible either. Negatives are TINY rooms and bathrooms and a huge hotel. Positives are a very comfy king sized bed (squashed into the aforementioned tiny room) and a very nice free health club. Get your best deal and spend the money you saved at the Billy Goat Tavern just around the corner on lower michigan.	
Apr 29 2005 	Worn Noisy and Way too Busy	I recently stayed at this hotel for a conference and from the get go there were problems. They &quot;lost&quot; my reservation (for which thank heavens I had the paperwork with me) for a reservation that I had made 6 months prior. They kept me waiting at the front desk for over an hour while they &quot;attempted&quot; to find my reservation. They finally gave me a room, however, told me they were sold out for the next night and I would have to check out at 11:00 AM (right in the middle of my very first national presentation that I was very nervous about). Long story short, they dangled me all the next day, telling me they were going to &quot;walk&quot; me to a sister hotel, however, 2 hours later they had yet to let me know. I finally went to my room, used their $12.95 internet service (yep...12.95!) and found my own hotel, the Wyndham, which I ended up being very pleased about. They &quot;graciously&quot; waived the 12.95 fee and seemed immune to my problem even though I was part of a very large group at the hotel. The hotel is VERY busy and very noisy...the walls are paper thin and you definitely hear your neighbors. Additionally, for one of the better hotels on the Magnificent Mile...it is very &quot;worn&quot;...wall paper peeling, dead flowers that were dropping petals and leaves on the check in desk and concierge desk. There appears to be no attention to detail.	
Apr 29 2005 	Okay hotel great location	Room was small and overcrowded with large furniture. Bathroom was TINY. Room temperature could not be regulated. Not enough outlets to plug-in electrical gadgets. Staff were friendly. Room was clean. Great location. If you are driving or taking a taxi, the entrance is actually on N Rush St, not Michigan Ave. I would check around and choose another hotel in the future. If you are planning a small conference, the fifth floor does include a conference facilty worth considering.	
Apr 17 2005 	Noisy!	I don't think I have ever experienced staying at a hotel with such paper-thin walls! You can literally hear a pin drop from the next room.Other than that, the rooms are fine... just what you'd expect. Nice views if you are on a higher floor. I just wish they had invested a little more in constructing the walls.	
Mar 22 2005 	Good Location	I just returned from this hotel last week 3/13/05 - 3/18/05. The Hotel staff is great, extremely friendly and always willing to help. The guys that work the valet and taxi’s on the Rush Street entrance to the hotel my complements go out to you. The bellmen were great, always keep me laughing and recommended a great burger place around the corner called “Boston Blakies”. If you want a great burger that’s the place to go. It’s not an upscale joint but what comes out of the kitchen is what counts. The Hotel is in a good location. I found the bathrooms to be very tiny; the door barely clears the toilet. The beds were surprisingly more comfortable since my last stay. They must have gone up on the thread count of the sheet, pillows and upgraded the mattresses. Over all the hotel meets the standards of any urban city Marriott property I’ve stayed at. I am a platinum Marriott member so I’ve been around the block with the Marriott brand.	
Feb 25 2005	Up All Night	I'm a Platinum Elite Marriott Rewards member so I've demonstrated a high level of brand loyalty to the Marriott brand over the years and expect to be recognized thusly. I was chagrined to see that the first room assigned (the first of three) was directly across from the ice and vending machines! Hardly a preferred location! The second room I was assigned was a room with a connecting door to the adjacent room and I heard my neighbor coughing as well as opening and closing his drapes. The third room was facing Michigan Avenue and the street noise was intolerable all night - fire engines, ambulances, etc. Additionally, I could hear the elevator going up and down all night through the walls........The bathrooms were so small that I've seen bigger closets.  I had to wait what seemed an eternity for the elevators.The staff is hospitable enough and the location is fabulous, but for my money and piece of mind I left the Marriott early and checked into the Omni down the street. It was blissfully quiet......and I had double the amount of room.	
Jan 4 2005 	Valet Parking is more expensive than you know.	My last stay at this property resulted in my friends car being damaged by the valet.The valet completed a report and told &quot;us&quot; to contact the company that opertates the parking service.I contacted the manager of the property and was told they had no control over the company that ran the parking service.The hotel was of no help in trying to resolve this problem even after my friend received a letter from the parking servive company informing her that an investigation indicated they were not at fault.I checked out of the hotel and spent the rest of my business trip(21 more days) at the Sofetel Hotel. I paid my friend $500 to have her car repaired and have not been back to the Marriott Downtown since.I have been back to the Sofetel for an additional 19 days.	
Dec 31 2004	Needs Improvement	As a Marriott Platinum member, I have a pretty good idea of the quality standards to be expected at full-service properties in major cities. Unfortunately, our annual holiday stay confirms that the series of problems encountered at this hotel continues to worsen. Our stay here last year was less than ideal....this year's visit was worse.This time, the first room given us at check-in had a foul smell and malfunctioning air conditioning unit. Second room offered was noisy due to construction on the floor. Third room offered was on the floor below the second and still noisy. (None of the staff could give us any details on the construction, whether or what time it would start the next morning, etc.) Finally, the fourth room was okay, although not exactly spotless. Grime around the air conditioning unit was a bit unsettling. Other problems included the fact that the ice machine on our floor was out of order (as was the machine on the floor above us). Additionally, during the course of our room changes, my wife lost a personal item. We phoned the front desk and were told they'd call us back and let us know one way or another if the item was found. No phone call ever came, however. Then to top things off, when the bill came it was at a higher rate than quoted in our reservation. (A correction was quickly offered).On the plus side, the staff was generally friendly and sensitive to the problems we encountered. Check in was quick and courteous. And, as has been reported in other reviews, the location is terrific. Very convenient to shopping, restaurants, nightlife, and entertainment.Nevertheless, I would not recommend this hotel at the present time.My suggestion to those looking to earn or redeem Marriott rewards points would be to check out the nearby Courtyard, Rennaisance, or Fairfield Inn.	
Dec 21 2004	Marriot great hotel	This hotel although pricey is in a great location on Michigan avenue for shopping &amp; sightseeing.The rooms are excellent &amp; staff are helpful.The food is too expensive so I didn't eat there but there are plenty of places to eat within walking distance.Certainly worth a visit if you're not on a tight budget.	
Nov 15 2004	Mediocre at best		
Nov 8 2004	Underwhelming		
Jul 26 2004	Great concierge desk		
Jul 10 2004	Enjoyed by a Family of Five - Something for Everyone - No Small Feat		
Jun 29 2004	Leaking air conditioner unit.		
Apr 14 2004	Great place to stay!		
Feb 13 2004	Fantastic Stay! Would Stay there Again		
Oct 28 2003	Too small of rooms for the price!!		
Sep 8 2003	Great stay - great rate - great location (9/5-9/7/2003)		
Sep 5 2003	Small smelly rooms...		
Nov 23 2008 	Ohne Heizung im Winter		
Sep 12 2008 	posizione invidiabile		
Jul 27 2007	Super hôtel extrêmement bien situé		
