Nov 5 2009 	Great Location - Average Hotel	The hotel has a great location, about 1/4 of a block from Michigan avenue. Once on Michigan there are a plethora of restaurants and bars to choose from.I'll break my review down to a few aspects of the hotelCheck In: Not a pleasant experience. There were 3 big groups checking in the same time as us and 1 person manning the check in counter. After 15 minutes they eventually pulled someone else over. Finally after nearly 30 minutes they gave us our key. They conveniently forgot about the $25 gift card we selected on their website. Forget about that. Its not a gift card. Its a promise to pay reabate that you must mail in when you return home. Thanks!Room: We were put on the top floor orignally in a terrible room with no view. We called down to the front desk to see if we could be switched. After 20 rings, and no answer, I headed downstairs. I asked for a corner room, as I requested on the internet. They finally gave use one, saying it only had a queen beed. I didnt care about that. This room was awesome with an extra long window facing the lake (partially obstructed by taller buildings). New LG LCD tv and another window facing North (John Hancock partially visable).Pool: Forget about it. Its a glorified hot tub, except the water is freezing. If your looking for a nice relaxing swim - dont stay here.Staff: Most of the staff were helpful, nothing execptional though. I had a run in with the restaurant bartender the Saturday night they were there. He was running his mouth and shooting down all of his customers opinions on the upcoming NFL season. I blurted out &quot;your an idiot&quot; and he totally freaked out. Took my drink from me, told me I'm cutoff , and asked me to leave the bar. Needless to say this really irritated my wife and I and we complained the next day to the barley 30 year old manager. He was useless and didnt offer us anything in compensation.Restaurant - Good for drinks, didnt try the food, avoid sitting at the bar when there is a tall skinny black haired kid with long sideburns.Overall - I would definetly check out the proper Marriott , Hilton, or Renaissance next time I stay downtown Chicago. This was cheaper yes, but you get what you pay for.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel!	This hotel had everything! Starbucks for mornings and a great bar and restaurant for evenings. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. I will definitely stay here when I return to Chicago.	
Oct 18 2009 	Superb location superior customer service	I had the fortune to spend the weekend in Chicago and chose to stay at the Courtyard by Marriott Chicago Downtown / Magnificent Mile. It's important to note that we were visiting the Second City for the 2009 Bank of America Chicago Marathon, so the hotel was full and the city was packed with runners and spectators. My wife and I experienced tremendous customer service during the length of our stay at the hotel. The check-in process was seamless and the friendliness of the staff was evident in our very first interactions. The great service continued every step of the way during our stay -- from the front desk to the bellhop to the housekeepers. Everyone we interacted with was happy to help and treated us very well.The location was incredible as well. We were in walking distance to major shopping on the Magnificent Mile (1/2 block from the entrance to the hotel) and hundreds of fine restaurants. We were also very close to public transportation and used it to access the different neighborhoods that make Chicago such a great weekend destination. The only complaint I have in terms of amenities would be the Starbucks located within the hotel. It was a very small location and was always jam packed. We attempted to grab coffee on two separate occasions, only to be 'turned away' from the long line. Instead, we opted to get our caffeine fix at the Dunkin' Donuts located 100 yards from the hotel. On a more positive note, the free wireless internet was fast and easy to access (a huge perk in our book!).The room we stayed in was very large and included a king size bed and full sofa. It was very clean and had a very nice layout. The bathroom was also very large and clean. The room, however, is in need of updating/renovation. The first addition I would suggest is a flat screen LCD TV.What did I like best? Friendly Staff; Location; Free Wireless InternetWhat did I like least? Old school TV (need an LCD with HD); inaccessibility of the Starbucks	
Oct 14 2009 	Everything was perfect	This hotel just off of Michigan Avenue met our needs perfectly.Wife shopped 'til she dropped while son and I went to see the Bears play the Lions.Staff was very friendly and attentive and the room was immaculate.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location for everything Mag Mile	We stayed in a junior suite - king bed in a bedroom and a sofabed in another area. This was perfect for Mom, Dad, and teen boy. Each had their own TV. Bathroom was nice as shower/tub and toilet were in one room and sink area was separate. Small problem with leaky mini-fridge. Viand Bar is a cozy little place to have pre-or-post dinner drinks. The breakfast at Viand is very good, especially if you can get a stay for breakfast package. The lobby is small. Elevators seem to take a long time, but the security/key card system is nice. The pool is small and not warm enough; would be better if it were warmer. Hotel is half-block from Michigan Avenue so is ideal for all you want to see there.	
Oct 5 2009 	Location Location Location and VALUEVALUEVALUE	We stayed at this Marriott three times this year, and were completely satisfied. Two trips were with children, who stayed in their own room. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and we had no complaints. Nice bedding, lots of soft pillows. The best part about this hotel was the value -- $125 complete per night -- and the location -- near Navy Pier, the mag mile, the art institute and millennium park, State St. It had all we could want, variety of dining options included. Lobby staff very pleasant, helpful concierge.	
Sep 28 2009 	location location location	The purpose of this trip was the American Girl Store for my daughter, and this was a GREAT location at a fraction of Magnificent Mile prices. I am a Marriott rewards member, so I have been to better.....but I chose the Courtyard because of location, and Courtyard's are pretty consisitant. Front desk staff is VERY helpful, but lobby is small and crowded, elevators slow, but rooms were what I had expected for the price. It all depends on your expectations really. So I was satisfied.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great stay in perfect location	This hotel has a spectacular location, right off Michigan Avenue - the Magnificent Mile. The hotel has 2 types of parking facilities - valet with unlimited in and out privileges and self-park in the attached lot. The self-park is the best deal in the city with a . Check-in was smooth and quick. We were thrilled to see a security feature in the elevator whereby the guest MUST swipe their room key in order for the elevator to activate. We have seen this in other hotels and are very appreciative when hotels implement these tools. The room was very large by city standards and spotless. We requested an in-room refrigerator for medical reasons and this was taken care of swiftly. In-room wifi worked perfectly and there were ample electrical plugs for all our electronics. The bed was comfy and even the sofabed provided a good night sleep for my son. The bathroom was fine with good water pressure on the 22nd floor. The only problem we had was the room door not being soundproof. We didn't hear any noise from neighbors, but the hall noise was quite loud at times. We didn't use the business center, but did use the fitness center and pool which were very clean and had a good selection of equipment. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great location and value	Outstanding location and value, right in the middle of The Magnificant Mile. Hotel was very clean, room was a bit generic, but spacious. The staff at the hotel was outstanding--very helpful. For the money, this hotel cannot be beat. Will stay here again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Location and staff is fantastic	Overall, a great stay! This location if perfect you can get to all Chicago tourist location in the downtown area very quickly. Good security...as stated before you need room card to access your room floor. Accommodations are very clean and comfortable. Overall, a great stay. Requested early check-in and room request both granted with no problems. Requested extra large room with two queen and sofa sleeper. Perfect for our family members. Starbucks entrance through lobby...for those who want a great cup of coffee. Rooms do have coffee maker.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Location	Located close to the Magnificent Mile, the hotel has some of the friendliest staff in any of the places I've stayed in downtown Chicago. My room was on the 14th floor and was very quiet, only the occasional quiet noise of one of the passing ambulances going to the nearby hospitals.Didn't eat in the hotel, it's only one block away from The Corner Bakery where I went for breakfast. I'd stay here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Basic but.......	This hotel offers a GREAT location. The front desk staff is knowledgeable and accomodating.The rooms are VERY average. We didn't have a trash can and had to REQUEST our toiletries be replinsished daily (3 night stay). The decor is slightly outdated.Our rate was reasonable considering the location.Tip: Try ELeaven for breakfast &amp; lunch.....Excellent Everything. Also, a great Itallian Bistro nearby. Not sure of name. Walk towards DD, make a left at corner. Midway down the block across from strip mall. Inexpensive &amp; Tasty....	
Aug 11 2009 	Just great.	No much too say, hotel is great, people are nice, location could not be better, you can walk for almost chicago downtown. Impossible to be wrong choosing this hotel, I also got a good deal, USD 100 daily.	
Aug 11 2009 	Magnificent Mile Fun without Mag Mile prices	My boyfriend and I chose the Courtyard by Marriott Magnificent Mile this year for a short 3-day trip to Chicago. I'd stayed at the same location last year, and was quite happy with the hotel - I was just as glad to be there this time.First of all, the staff are some of the best staff I've ever encountered at a moderately-priced hotel (our room was $229 on one of the busiest Chicago weekends of the summer). Always friendly and efficient, everyone was quite nice and quick to answer questions or make sure we had the little &quot;extras&quot; we needed during our stay. The lobby is Art Deco in style, with a fireplace, a restaurant (Viand, which has great burgers) and a Starbucks, if you can put up with chain coffee in the event of a coffee emergency ;)Our room was extremely clean, and a super balance between luxury and budget, with comfortable furnishings, good lighting, and slightly swanky bath toiletries. Our particular (very quiet) room on the 23rd floor looked out on the Chicago skyline over Ontario Street, and was the perfect base, being only a block from Michigan Avenue and a short walk to Grant Park and the music fest we attended. We also liked being just a block or so from a wide variety of inexpensive but good food options (Indian Garden, Chinese, Potbelly Sandwich Works, an awesome independent tea cafe, coffee, the Grand Lux, etc.) Another nice plus to this hotel is that the staff will gladly and safely accommodate your luggage should you arrive early (which we did) or depart late (which we also did); this enabled us to change quickly after our train trip in their lobby restroom and spend several hours walking around the city instead of just sitting somewhere having to monitor our luggage until our room opened up. Not sure what the other guests were so disappointed about, as our only &quot;complaint,&quot; if you want to call it that, is that the hotel seems to need more elevators, as there was often a wait - but first of all, there probably isn't much they can do about that, and secondly, that's most definitely not enough to void all of the other positives that make up this hotel, with its terrific location, helpful staff, and pleasant rooms. Thanks to everyone at the hotel for a very nice stay!	
Aug 2 2009 	VERY DISAPPOINTED	My daughter, granddaughter and I went to Chicago for granddaughter's birthday at American Girl. We stayed for four nights at the Courtyard by Marriott. It was a major dissapointment to me.First, no one advised us of the construction which was going on. The entire front of the building has scaffodling and is not easy to access. Mort imporantly, it was beyond noisy. My daughter and her little one tried to nap in thea afteroon and it was impooisble with th noise. I wish they had advised us prior to our arrival we would have found another hote.The room was not what I wanted. I wanted a king with sofa bed they put us in two queens and tried to tell me was an upgrade. NOT. The housekeeping staff did not service the room the first day were were there. We returned to hotel around 4 PM and I had to call. They never left any coffee for coffee maker and not once did we have cream or sugar. After first day never even got cups. Asked for extra shampoo and such from maid got it once and never again. It was not a pleasant experience. I did complain to corporate office and in all fairness they did try to make it right by giving us coupons for two nights at a Courtyard. It was just disappointing.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great location - great hotel	I was able to stay at the Courtyard in June 2009. My sister works for the company so I was able to use her associate's discount. However, the location is a stone's throw from Michigan Avenue. You are right in the middle of all the action. The bar serves a great &quot;grape&quot; martini.The hotel was clean, although the elevators were slow because one was out of order but that didn't bother me. The room was clean, the staff was professional and friendly and the concierge was knowledgeable. We went to the Funky Budda nightclub and if you show your hotel key to the person at the door, you can get in for free $25.00 saving. Also we at a Joe's Crab House and the food was great as well as the maitre d and the service.I would go back again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Spacious rooms at good location and very friendly staff in the restaurant/bell desk.	The rooms were spacious for a family of 4 and they arranged for extra pillows and towels. However there was no assistance at kerb side with luggage (I had to go in and grab a trolly and then drag it all the way up to my room after check - in). The views from the room was OK (from my room I could see Michigan Av) but nothing spectacular. Restaurant staff for breakfast were friendly and so was bell desk (when we were checking out). At that time they also helped with keeping the luggage in the car.There is some construction going on at the front of the hotel and therefore the pedestrian area is bit tight.	
Jul 13 2009 	Front desk woke us at 2:27 am!	This was our second stay at this Courtyard. One thing we like about Courtyards is the fact that they give you Queen beds instead of doubles. We are a family of four with boys entering their teens, so the size of the bed matters to us. These beds are very comfortable. I am very picky about cleanliness and both times we stayed here I have been impressed with how clean the room, hallways, lobby and elevators are. I am a rewards member and the hotel satisfied all my special requests including a feather free room, extra towels, extra pillows and a high floor. Front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful (but keep reading...). The only drawback to the location of this hotel is that is is near the Northwestern Univ. Medical Center and I hear the ambulances during the night. Otherwise it is in a nice neighborhood and it is convenient to walk to shopping on Michigan Ave and there are a lot of restaurants. Okay...here it comes...at 2:27 am, the front desk called our room to tell us that there was a pizza delivery for us. We hadn't ordered any pizza! We had just gotten to bed at 1:00 am because we took in a Broadway show and we were totally exhausted and sound asleep when they called. Needless to say this was quite a disturbance and it was hard for us to get back to sleep. I understand that these mistakes happen, but it did ruin our night. The woman on the phone did apologize and other than this weird event, the rest of our stay was enjoyable.	
Jul 13 2009 	2 Queens in downtown Chicago!	The best part of the room was that it had two queen beds. We were on the 19th floor, had a view of the Mag Mile! The elevators needed keys which made me feel very safe. Didn't try fitness center, business center, pool, or restaurant, but all looked very nice. We paid with Marriott points, but the prices looked good anyways!	
Jul 4 2009 	Excellent stay and value	I was at this hotel for three nights at the end of June through the beginning of July. At the time of my original booking, the price for a larger, two queen room was $200 per night. However, a week before our stay, I checked their website and saw that the price was listed at $110 per night! I called and received the lower rate with absolutely no problems. Our room was large, but basic, and clean. We did not hear any of our neighbors and we all slept well. The staff was very friendly, from the check-in desk, to the person who helped us work the parking garage payment machine. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others who are seeking a great location near the Magnificent Mile.	
Jun 25 2009 	Far Below Standard	I had booked this property for 3 nights on a business trip to Chicago, thinking that Courtyard was a good choice. Upon arrival, I was surprised to discover that the front was under scaffolding. The front desk was attentive and the room was ready. I got to the room and it had dirty linen and silverware in front of the door. Not a welcome sign. The room felt, well, used and had an unusual odor. The ottman had a large stain on it. Their was 1 bar of soap -- no extra towels, which were requested. The chair at the desk was very uncomfortable to do work. Sleep was difficlut due to others staying out late on the floor.Then I had long waiting time for the elevator, which was over 10 minutes. It was due to the fact that 1 of the elevators was out of service. The lobby was very small and not welcoming. I did complain, they offered a free breakfast. But it was too late,I then decided to check out and move to the Westin---which was like going to a new world at a lower price per night.	
Jun 23 2009 	Very nice stay	I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was very clean, the staff were all very nice and accomodating. It was very close to many things to do downtown. My only complaint was that the phones to the hotel were out and we could not get directions, but this was not the hotel's fault.	
Jun 16 2009 	Fantastic Stay	We arrived very early in the am (7:30) and the staff did not hesitate to check us in. they were up front that the room did not match our request but we could move to another the next day if we wished. We took the room and it was very clean and quiet. I can't say enough good things about the staff. Friendly, courteous and they truly seemed to be interested in making our stay a better one than the &quot;guys down the road&quot;. My only suggestion is that staff is better trained on simple directions to public transit. I was looking for the Brown Line and they told me it was about 6 blocks to Clark (which is close) then take a left and it is about 2 blocks away. This was wrong, it was about another 6 blocks. It doesn't seem like a big deal except when you are walking and start to wonder if they meant for us to take a right instead of a left. My only suggestion for the room would be to dramatically improve the lighting in the shower and sink areas. It was like taking a shower in a cave. Some of the other rooms suggested that the rooms needed to be updated. Ours looked updated. Yeah it didn't have a flat screen TV but I'm on vacation not there to watch TV. We booked for $129 a night for a Saturday and Sunday night stay directly through the hotel website. There are many many eating options within a 4 block radius. We ate breakfast at a small diner named Mary's that was on Ohio (go to Ohio take a left towards the Lake and it is on the right side about 1 block down) It was very simple and nothing fancy but it seems hard to find a place that doesn't charge an arm and a leg for a full breakfast in this area. Speaking of the area; the hotel is 1 block from Michigan and is extremely well located. Parking is $28 per night for self park and is very convenient.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very Satisfied Customer	This hotel needs some updating, but the value received ($128 per night), the location (one block off Michigan Avenue), and the friendliness of every staff person I encountered makes up for any perceived flaws. The room was clean and comfortable, although on the small side, but had every amenity that I required, including free hi-speed internet. For some reason, the hairdryer was hung in the closet, which I did not discover until almost checking out, but I had brought my own. I especially liked the fact that you have to insert your room key in order to use the elevator. As a single woman traveling alone, safety is a prime consideration.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location Super Safe VERY FRIENDLY would go again!	This is a great hotel, I can not say enough about how friendly the staff are at this place. My son bought a water gun at the disney store, needed a screw driver to open it to insert battteries guy at the front desk had maintenance get him the screwdriver, with a smile! Security is amazing, key to get up the elavator! Now , the rooms are just average, but are very clean! There are no room frills, but you are literally a few steps from Michigan ave. Also, there is a starbucks in the lobby and a Dunkin Dougnuts/ Baskin robbins across the street if you hae little ones, we walked to almost every place, including American Girl! Have Fun!!!	
May 24 2009 	Price meets Quality	Located one block from Michigan Avenue, great staff, clean rooms, feeling of safety, and good price of $89 booked via major airline website.	
May 8 2009 	Great location good hotel	When I originally made my reservation at this hotel for a Sunday night stay, I got a $209.95 &quot;Stay for breakfast &quot; rate. About 10 days before my trip to Chicago, I got an email through my Marriott Rewards membership saying that the age 62 and over rate for this hotel was $119, so I changed my reservation to the lower rate. I wouldn't say that this hotel is overpriced at $210, but it's definitely a good buy at $119 because it's clean, the staff pleasant and very well located. It's also very safe, requiring use of your hotel key card to operate the elevator.While the doormen and registration staff are friendly, greeting every guest as s/he enters the hotel, other services are slow. I called the desk to tell them that my TV wasn't working, and it took a second call and a 45-minute wait to get a serviceman to come to my room and fix my TV. I also noticed room service trays outside of rooms for several hours.The exercise room has a decent amount of cardio equipment and lots of free weights, but the heat/AC and ventilation are poorly regulated. Like many hotel exercise facilities, it gets uncomfortably warm after working out for about 20 minutes.	
May 2 2009 	Functional Hotel Great Location	I stayed here for 3 nights on business. The hotel had a great location, just steps off of Michigan Ave and all of the shops. The staff was very friendly, and there was never a line at the front desk. Breakfast room service came on time, and internet was included in the rate. The room was very average, had a slightly musty smell, and felt a little &quot;motel-ish&quot;. There were some tiny windows that didn't provide a lot of natural light in the room. Overall, I don't have any real complaints, but unless I got a great rate, I would likely look for a better hotel option next time I stay in Chicago.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great location standard hotel	My husband and I stayed here for one night on 4/17 because we redeemed our Marriott points so it was free. The location is great - right off of Michigan Avenue - if you are here for shopping it's a great place to be. The hotel is very large and very busy - tons of people in the lobby and we were told the hotel was at full capacity. Check-in was not a problem. Our room was a king size with a view of the city. The room itself was a good size but the interior was outdated and a little worn. The weirdest thing was that the bed wasn't the standard Marriott bed is always so comfortable - the mattress was hard and and there was no duvet, just a thin blanket over sheets. Kinda odd. I have stayed at a lot of Courtyards and it seems like a lot of times there is a trade-off between a great location and a great room. For instance not that long ago I stayed at a Courtyard in New Jersey for work and it was the best looking hotel - newly updated rooms, super clean, and the great beds. Sometimes I think consistency is a problem. Not sure we'd stay here again - there are so many hotels right there at the Mag Mile that I'm sure you could find better. But it was free for us and overall the hotel was fine - just nothing spectacular.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Location - Friendly Staff - Standard Fare Rooms	Got a great deal on this hotel, and really couldn't have asked for a better location...a block off MIchigan Avenue. The hotel is clean, and the staff very friendly...seemed more heavily staffed than a typical Courtyard would be, probably due to location. As such, we got a bit more friendly attention, smiles and thank you's than I would expect. The room was standard fare, nothing good or bad to speak of..which is fine here in Chicago where you likely won't spend much time in the room.Safe, clean bet at a good price in downtown Chicago!	
Apr 14 2009 	Rooms have a musty smell	It might be because of the water and after I showered, but the room had a really musty smell throughout our stay. Considering this is a Marriott, I expected the rooms to be fresh. It's in a great location, easy to many places in downtown Chicago. It looks great on the outside as well.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great staff make this hotel stand out	Marriott consistently delivers on all the basics; rooms are nearly always clean, comfortable and nicely appointed. What makes this particular property stand out is the helpfulness and friendliness of their entire staff. From the minute we arrived (and I had three teenagers in tow) we were greeted warmly and offered information about what to do in the area. The concierge, the front desk staff and even the doorman were all WAY above average and catered to my family rather than ignoring teenagers. It was a wonderfu experience.The location of this hotel is perfect for business or leisure with restaurants, shopping and theaters all within easy walking distance.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great choice along the Magnificent Mile	My family and I just returned from a 3 day stay at the Courtyard. We were extremely satisfied. We stayed in a large 2 Queen room which contained a sofabed and chair. The extra room was nice for a family of 4 to spread out - especially with 2 teenage boys. Room on the 20th floor - so tended to be very quiet.The pool is very small. My sons did not use as it was too crowded.The free internet was appreciated in the room. The hotel is in the midst of converting to wireless in the rooms, so the connection was wired, but not really any type of problem. The free internet access enabled us to continually look-up things we wanted to do/see in Chicago.Starbucks in the lobby was a nice perk. Did not try the restaurant in the hotel (Viand). Did try the West Egg Cafe down the street for breakfast - this is a nice stop for a very filling breakfast - the type that enables you to skip lunch.Great location - right next to Michigan Ave and all kinds of shopping. One of our favorite stops (with those 2 teenage boys) was ESPNzone. A little pricey for gaming and food, but a nice relaxing break for those tired from sightseeing.Parking at the hotel was fine - $28 for self park is CHEAP in this neck of the woods. Easy in and easy pay. Lobby help and concierge were extremely helpful with answering all questions, getting cabs, etc. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Service	I enjoyed my stay at the Courtyard by Marriott Magnificent Mile on Ontario. It is my second time staying there. It is a perfect location right off of Michigan Avenue. The staff there is so friendly and just very accomodating. The rooms are very clean.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Accomodations For The Business Traveler	A great property with Starbucks in the lobby. Excellent stay - had a king suite which afforded plenty of space and a nice layout - WELL DONE JW! I hope to stay here again on future business trips. A Real Gem!Parking is another matter - I drive an avalanche which would not fit in the garage - so I took our family van instead which offered no problems. Very tight.	
Mar 17 2009 	Nice Hotel friendly service and convenient location	We arrived late, and our room was ready to go, the room was clean, there was plenty of towels and toilet paper, and the front desk staff was very helpful. We were withing walking distance of lots of shopping, and plenty of eateries. We were always able to catch a cab, and it was a pretty quite hotel and everything worked properly. The only drawback was we found the lowest rate on Priceline.com, when I called to ask about the lowest rate guarantee I was told that if Priceline had the lowest rate to use priceline... other than that, they accommodated our late check out w/out extra charges, when we asked to have a mini fridge they were happy to oblige. And there were no hidden fees!!!	
Mar 7 2009 	Great hotel in prime location	This was my third stay at this Courtyard, one block off Michigan Avenue. The rooms are nice enough, and relatively quiet. Lighting in the bathroom - shower/toilet area is very flat and dark. Office desk is near impossible to work at using a computer -- the chair is too low even at its highest setting (or desk is too high), something I've mentioned in my Marriott feedback before but still not corrected. I had to sit on a pillow, I mean really....Viand restaurant is excellent, you really should eat there at least once. I ordered room service breakfast this time using the usual doorknob hanger, it was delivered promptly and hot the next morning. Note to management: when an order form lists prices for a meal and then says &quot;18% delivery charge and $4 service charge is included&quot;, that does not have the same meaning as &quot;is added&quot;. I think this is poor wording on your part and misleads the guest, since when the bill comes it is meal cost+18%+$4+tax. But to their credit, when I complained about this to the server, she said she would take care of it - and did. My bill was charged the lower amount.Parking is $28/night with hotel discount at the garage next door.	
Mar 5 2009	life saver	I came to this hotel on January 13th due to a water problem in my home and they made me feel like I was at home. They were very understanding and I was so pleased with the front desk staff they were so warming and always smiling.My kids loved this hotel as well as my husband and I did and I reccommend this hotel for anyone reading right now..disregard every other review and just listen to me.. GREAT HOTEL!!!!!	
Feb 8 2009 	Reasonably Priced for a Chicago Weekend Trip	Great location for a weekend in Chicago and a reasonable price. This is a 24 story hotel, not the typical suburban Courtyard Inn layout. This hotel is located a block off MIchigan Av within walking distance of several great restaurants and shopping. The staff is friendly, the rooms are well furnished, very comfortable, and clean. Didn't use room service but it is available and there is an onsight restaurant that looks excellent and a Starbucks for a quick morning coffee and snack.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great location and value	My daughter and I stayed here for two nights (1/18-19) for her birthday celebration at American Girl Place. The hotel is only 5 blocks from AGP/Watertower so it is an easy walk. I booked on the Marriott website for an amazing price of $109/night. We stayed in room 1018 which is a corner room with a queen size bed. There are two walls of windows which have great views. The only downside to the room is the hospital route is on St. Clair so we heard ambulances all night long that earplugs couldn't drown out. The pool is also on the 10th floor which makes it nice if you have a young one that loves to spend hours swimming. There is a Starbucks in the lobby and Dunkin Donuts across the street. There is a restaurant Viand in the lobby but it was closed during our stay. I would recommend the hotel for it's value and excellent location.	
Jan 5 2009	OK Somewhat Blah	I stayed here in September for one night... took my mother out to dinner for her birthday at the wonderful Coco Pazzo Cafe that is less than a block away from this hotel.When I checked in I was told we were getting a junior suite, but the room was not a suite. The next day when checking out I told this to a manager, and he did give me a little bit back, although he pointed out that on my online reservation it did not say I was getting a suite... it said it was an expanded room. Still, he didn't have to refund any money so it was nice that he did.The room was overpriced for what we got. It was nothing more than a typical hotel room, clean, and decorated in a very bland color scheme. I would not have called it an expanded room, even though there was extra seating in the room. It was not spacious by any means. We paid about $270 plus tax for the one night. There was no view, we were just looking out onto a lower level roof and across at some other rooms in a different wing of the building. Actually it was probably good that we weren't facing the street, because the room was very quiet and that neighborhood has several hospitals and sometimes it is possible to hear ambulances if one is on the wrong side of the building.Overall, I was not that impressed with this place and would not stay there again unless there was a really excellent room rate. There are many far better hotels in the same neighborhood.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great stay at the Courtyard	Let me 1st say that I stayed for free because I used my Marriott Points... Having said that, this hotel was very centrally located (about a block from Michigan Ave) and was an ideal spot to spend the night in Chicago. We had flown in earlier that day, had lunch at the Hard Rock, and then took a trolley city tour which made periodic stops throughout the city including the Sears Tower, which we also went to the top of. We had dinner at my cousin's in the burbs... The next morning we took some photos of downtown, as the river is only about 4 blocks away and Chicago got another inch of snow overnight, before continuing our trip to Milwaukee &amp; then on to Green Bay. Considering everything, I would definitely stay here again...	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Location Very Clean a View of the Lake for much less than the Hilton	We had a great stay at the Courtyard in November. We had booked a room at the Palmer House Hilton only to find our accomodations less than desireable. The Courtyard came through to save our weekend with a great rate AND a view of the lake. Everything was great!	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Location	This was our first visit to chicago. The hotel was in a perfect location for everything. We told the front desk that it was our 10 year anniversary and were given a room on the top floor, great customer service. We can't wait for our next visit to the best city.	
Nov 1 2008 	Pleasant stay at the Courtyard Marriott	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights beginning October 24, 2008. I chose this hotel because I stayed here a year ago and was impressed with the facility, its staff, and the fact that this is a nonsmoking hotel. Our first night was not good - we were placed in a room on the 20th floor where a former guest had smoked, and the product used to cover it up kept me awake all night. We requested a room change and were moved to 1228 - an end room facing St. Clair. It was quiet, away from the elevators and ice machine, and foot traffic. So the hotel made this right for us &amp; it wasn't their fault that some inconsiderate person had smoked in the room.Plusses: Close to public transportation of all kinds, good restaurants, easy transportation to museums, etc., Hotel staff are extremely helpful and friendly, too. And, it's not one of the larger, convention hotels, like its sister hotel on N. Rush. There are 3 computers/printers on the lower level that are FREE to guests, and convenient for printing boarding passes. We also tried the connecting restaurant (Viand?) for breakfast. It was average. (Better breakfast at the Marriott on N. Rush - they have a buffet.) They'll deliver a mini-frig to your room, if you ask for one. We did for our leftover pizza - but watch the controls - it was frozen solid the next day. :-) Other plusses: They give you a variety of bed pillows, either polyester-fill or feather so that you have a choice. Beds were firm, but comfortable. Air temperature easy to control and not noisy. No views to speak of anywhere from this hotel because it's nestled within taller skyscrapers.Minusses: very few. I did notice a couple minor things that had changed since my last stay. They've dropped Starbucks coffee as the in-room coffee in favor of something Folgers-like called &quot;Barista.&quot; Their hand towels and wash cloths are now part polyester instead of 100% cotton. Not a big deal, but something I noticed because they're not as absorbent and something that you might not expect at a high-end hotel.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay here.	
Oct 6 2008 	best time in chicago with great location.	This was a great location to see chi town. You are only one block from the Magnificent Mile, and about a half mile from the river. This was great for me because you can take public transportion to any event or place you want. The room was your average Marriott, but i must admit the pillow where very soft. The room was very clean, the staff was very helpful on getting to attactions. now the only two bad things. the bar in the lobby was over priced and the drinks where not very well made. The second thing was they do charge you for parking in their own building, that did not bother me much since i took the CTA every where, but for thou who must have a car beware. over all i loved the location and would recomend it to anyone wanting to see the city.	
Sep 21 2008 	Fantastic Staff	We stayed a week at the Courtyard Marriott and the staff at this hotel are cheerful and smiling with nothing being too much trouble for the gusts.Also the location is just excellent for everying you want to do.The breakfast choice is also great at Viand and across the road the best steak I have had anywhere at the Capital Grill.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Location	I spent the night here on business some time ago, and enjoyed my stay. The amenities are clean, crisp, and well-maintained. While I can't really recommend this hotel on those merits alone, it's the location that makes this the place to stay. My room was on the 15th floor and faced the lake, so I had a magnificent view of the lake drive and beach. It's especially entrancing in the evenings, when the street lights and the blur of passing cars make for beautiful reflections off the water.The hotel is also 2 blocks away from the (undeservingly) famous Ditka's, right across the street from the mall and a short hop away from a number of great attractions. I'd say that if you can get it on a deal, go for it. Otherwise there are other hotels in the Windy City that'd make for a better bargain.	
Sep 3 2008 	Fabulous Location and Excellent hotel. Noisy though.	This hotel is an excellent location for sightseeing, shopping, and restaurants. We stayed for 4 days and never used our car once. We either walked, took the bus, and even used the water taxi once. The hotel was nice and the staff very helpful (as always with Marriott hotels).The only one complaint is the noise. Being right downtown off of Michigan Ave is NOISY at night. Constant horn honking and sounds of sirens all night. Had a hard time sleeping.Other than that, everything else was great.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location 	Less than a block off Michigan Ave., with in walking distance (for most) to Millenium Park and the Navy Pier. Our room was very clean and a decent size, king bed and sofa, on the 23rd floor. All staff we encountered were wonderful!! Would return or maybe try the Marriott Fairfiled Inn &amp; Suites, which is across the street less than half a block away, as they include breakfast.We took the subway from the airport. You have to switch from the orange line to the red line and the closest stop is about a third to half a mile from the hotel. We enjoy walking and each had a small carry-on so it was worth the savings, $2 each versus $40 for a cab.	
Sep 2 2008	Outstanding!!!	1/2 block off Michigan Mag Mile. Clean, modern, quiet, and comfortable. Staff was helpful and friendly. $28 a day to park in adjoining garage (with $7 discount from hotel). $20 extra per day for a room rate that included a terrific bfast buffet for 2 adults and our daughter. This hotel is also within easy walking distance of Navy Pier, Hancock Building, Chicago River, and lots of great places to eat (Gino's East for Pizza!). I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Amazing hotel awesome location!	We stayed at the Courtyard for three nights in July and absolutely loved it. The location couldn't be better- it's right next to the Magnificent Mile and within walking distance of the John Hancock Center, Navy Pier, and lots of other great attractions.The room was very spacious and clean. The staff was very helpful and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable.The parking was reasonable compared to other hotels. If you come with a car, I do recommend just leaving your vehicle in the garage and walking or taking public transportation wherever you go. It would be a nightmare to find parking wherever you go, not to mention expensive.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Choice in Chicago !	Stayed at the Courtyard over the July 4th weekend and it was fantastic! Perfect location-within half block of Michigan Ave and ten million restaurants, all in a SAFE walking distance. For the price, you can't go wrong when in Chicago. The rooms were good,beds great, prompt maid service,good view. But the best part was the staff. Never, and I mean never, have I met a nicer ,more helpful bunch of people at any hotel in my life! It was like you were at a small bed and breakfast, not a big hotel in a large urban area. &quot;Big Anthony&quot; the doorman was so very helpful with all the questions we bombarded him with every time we left the front door. He always was very helpful with a big smile. The front desk was the same way- very courteous and polite. Check in and out was a breeze-- and there was lots of action going on with people coming and going. I was very impressed with the establishment and HIGHLY recommend it for everyone.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great room great service great location	Found a great rate for this hotel via Travelzoo and didn't have to purchase ahead. The location was wonderful. A block from Mag Mile and restaurants, walking distance to Hancock Center, River North, Lakeshore Dr., and Millenium Park/Loop. Short cab ride to Old Town. Always people around. Also near bus routes. We were able to walk almost everywhere (and nap in between:)). We left our cell phone in the cab on the way there and the front desk and concierge staff could not have been more helpful in trying to track it down (subsequent cab passenger retrieved it and called us). Our room on the top floor had a great view, was clean and had a modern decor and very comfy bed. Carpet needed some cleaning but room was otherwise good and had a sofabed. We were by the elevator but noise was minimal. Corner Bakery nearby for breakfast along with a small Starbucks. Free internet connection was great. Would definitely go again for the rate we got.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Location Quiet Good Price Exceptional Staff	This was our first trip to Chicago which we took June 26th-30th, 2008. After reading the TripAdvisor reviews about the Courtyard Marriott, we decided that this property was in a great location-on the Magnificient Mile and basically a nice place to stay. The reviews were right on. The location was a nice walk to Navy Pier, shopping, great food-just name it. We arrived early on Thursday, 9:00 a.m. and the front desk clerk was kind enough to go ahead and check us in. I had requested early check in but did not think they would give us a room this early! We were just hoping that they would keep our luggage while we went to a Cubs game at 1:00 p.m. This was a nice surprise for us. We stayed on the 19th floor which was VERY quiet. I wasn't sure if anyone was even staying on our floor. We happened to get a handicap room therefore our bathroom was very large. Our bedroom was not large and the closet was very small (probably because the bathroom was extra large) but the bed and pillows were very comfortable. Unless you need a handicap room, this is probably not your best option since you could probably get a larger room. Our room size really wasn't a big problem though for us since we were out so much exploring the beautiful city. If you get a chance, do the Architecture City Boat Tour. It is amazing how much water really does traverse through the city. I did call the desk a couple of times for a blanket and extra towels. Someone was at our door very quickly after we called with our requests. The staff is friendly, helpful and courteous. We paid $135.00 per night which included a government discount. We would stay at this property again.	
Jun 16 2008 	One of the best!	I stayed at this hotel for three nights on business and was thoroughly satisfied. The location off of Michigan Avenue is so convenient that I never bothered to take a taxi or train anywhere. The location is very convenient to the Magnificent Mile and the Loop. Even the walk to Navy Pier wasn't too bad since it the weather was nice!The rooms are the standard Courtyard fare. Quiet room (at least it was quiet on the 23rd floor), Good beds, hot water, acceptable wired internet speeds. Very friendly staff too, although I've come to take that for granted at White Lodging Properties. I ate dinner one evening at Viand, the restaurant downstairs, and was pretty pleased. However, I'd recommend Coco Pazzo Cafe across the street for a more relaxed and less-pretentious atmosphere.Although you'll end up paying a pretty penny to stay downtown, I thought this property was a very good value for either business or leisure travel, especially given the more expensive competition nearby!	
Jun 1 2008 	Location location location!	We stayed Tuesday--Friday, and loved this location. Our room was large and very clean with comfortable beds, and although located right next to the vending machines and ice machine, it was incredibly quiet. The staff, though busy was attentive, with the doormen being especially good. We will definitely stay here again!	
May 27 2008 	Great Location	We were literally blown in with the snow. The doorman was very helpful the entire weekend. The front desk attendants were always available and helpful as well. There is a nice bar for relaxing and a fire was always burning in the lobby fireplace. Everyone was very warm and friendly. We were there for a three day weekend to visit the Museum of Science and Industry and the Art Institute with our 14 year old son. Our room was clean on arrival and every evening on our return. We requested extra towels daily and they were provided. We had no problems with noise during the night and set out every morning to shop and see the sights. We walked from our hotel to the Wrigley building where we enjoyed fireworks over the bridge. Overall we will definitely book this hotel again on a return trip to the windy city.	
Apr 22 2008	Great Experience at Courtyard Magnificent Mile!	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Chicago. We had a wonderful time and our stay at the Courtyard Magnificent Mile more than met our expectations. We arrived at the hotel at 9:00 a.m. to see if they could check our bags and we could begin exploring the city. To our pleasant surprise, they had a room available for us that had exactly what we requested and let us go ahead and check in. The day of checkout we had a very late flight and they were nice enough to lock up and store our luggage all day long while we had the great experience of attending a Cubs game at the famous Wrigley Field! Everyone was helpful and friendly at the hotel and the rooms were clean and comfortable. We will definitely return to this hotel on our next trip to Chicago!	
Apr 19 2008	a corner room is recommended	My room was on the 16th floor, on a corner of the hotel, with wonderful views on 2 sides. If you are into views, go for this type of room! An additional benefit is being distanced from any noise in the public corridor, as the room shape means the bathroom and an access passageway are between the bed and the room door.Concierge service especially helpful, but all aspects of hotel stay well above average for a 4*	
Apr 6 2008 	Nice hotel excellent location	This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel for business and think this is a great hotel - staff is very professional and the property and rooms are very clean and well kept. The location is excellent - it is just a block away from the Magnificient mile and close to restaurants and sights. With my stay this time, I noticed this hotel has become a totally smoke-free hotel - great for us non smokers. For smokers, there is a dedicated area in outside front of the hotel for smoking. This is also one of the few hotels that actually don't bother you or try to enter your room when you place a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on your door. Overall, great hotel for a reasonable price.	
Mar 24 2008	If you are looking for location go there!	We have stayed in many different hotels donwtown Chicago, and it was our first time in this one.Overall we have been very satisfied. Let's be honest, the rooms/furniture/bathroom are much less nice than other hotels like the Hampton Inn or other well-rated downtown hotels, but this one is one block from Michigan Avenue.Location is perfect, and we found a rate on Marriott's websiste @ $128 a night, special weekend rate, so who would complain for this price in the heart of Chicago???Of course, for those who are not used to Chicago, do not forget to add $28 per night for the parking. So really the rate is $156, but if you compare, it is on the bottom range of the average.Staff is very friendly, they gave a teddy bear to our little boy. Very good breakfast, great buffet, although $14 per person.The rooms are very basic, do not expect any good level of details, but usually you do not spend that much time in your room in such a city, so this is not so important.Very quiet as well, although it is on a high traffic street, noise insulation is pretty good.Very satisfied, best quality/price level we have tried so far in this area of downtown.	
Feb 18 2008 	Wonderful Experience!	My family has been staying at this Courtyard location for the last four years. We come from all over and &quot;do&quot; a Chicago weekend at least once a year. This Courtyard location is by far our favorite Chicago hotel choice. It's reasonably priced with an awesome location. The rooms are clean and quiet. Self-parking in the attached garage is only $28/night versus the usually $40+.The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. There are two queen beds in the rooms instead of two fulls, which makes sleeping for a family of four alot easier.The bar/restaurant is very nice, and can be pricey, but we normally book our rooms to include breakfast - so it's not an issue. I wouldn't eat here if it wasn't included, as there are so many good choices to be had for less money within walking distance (The Grand Lux is only a block away).The only thing that I would say is a negative, is that there is no hot tub in the pool area. The pool is on the 10th floor, and the kids enjoy it, but the adults in our group would be happier if there were a hot tub - there's not. But who goes to Chicago to swim??	
Feb 18 2008 	Average	I am a Marriott Silver Rewards member and have stayed at numerous Marriott's. I would rate this one just average for the category 5 that it's listed as.Check-in went smoothly although the staff member was not overly friendly. We were able to have a refrigerator delivered to the room and it came immediatley which was great.The room we stayed in was pretty small or at least not layed out well given the furniture that was in it. The TV was located to the side of the bed versus at the foot of the bed so it was very uncomfortable to try and lay in bed and watch a movie and the basketball game. The pool was very small and it did not appear there was a hot tub so we ended up not using the facilities even though we had brought our suits. We generally always use the pool.We stopped in the restaurant to ask for a fork to go with a dessert we had brought back to the room and it literally took her 10 minutes to come back with a fork and then she ended up taking it off a table right next to the hostess station.We wanted to make dinner reservations and the concierge said it was too early and to come back at 1. So at 1 we came back and again she said it was too early (because we forgot to change our clocks to accomodate the time change). I have never had that experience. Generally they would take the information and when the time came would make the reservation and then either leave a message on the room phone or send up a card which indicated the reservation time &amp; confirmation. To have to keep stopping back at the desk was an inconvienence that we should have been able to entrust to the concierge to handle.The benefit was the location. If you are interested in being on Michigan Ave for shopping this is only 1/2 blk off the mile. The JW was on the mile and we did go in but the lobby was under construction. We have stayed at the Renaissance at 1 W. Wacker and I would highly recommend that hotel...it's not on the Mile but is still near lots of great restaurants and shopping. The hotel experience was much nicer, although I suppose it should be given that it's a category 6. I felt the staff was more attentive and friendly as well.In closing, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Courtyard but know that it's just an average 5 category.	
Dec 29 2007	Great Place! Would Do It Again!	I stayed there Dec. 26-28 2007. I took my mother-in-law and three daughters to see some sights. We took in Wicked(7:30pm show) and American Girl Place. I was able to check in four hours early and two hours late. The room was roomy and the beds very comfortable. The location was perfect. Bus/taxi fare for all of us was $10 from/to Union Station. Otherwise we walked everywhere. It took 12 minutes to walk to the Oriental Theater. We walked back at 10:45 at night and it was completely safe. There are so many people out on the streets. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. Robert was very helpful in finding good eating places. Everyone in very knowledgable on local transportation.I plan to take my son and husband for a Cubs/Cards game. Go Cards! I will surely stay here again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Excellent Service	Excellent Hotel stay Dec 17-21. Excellent service from doorman, Sith. Room equipped with double queen sized beds that were very comfortable. Room attendant very flexible in cleaning times. Room climate control was precise. Iron, board and hair dryer conveniently stored in closet. Only drawback would be internet in room was wired to a very short cord, wireless internet in lobby work area only. Business center in hotel lower lobby fully equipped with 3 computers and printers including a fax machine. Hotel is walking distance to AMC movies 3 blocks, one block off of Michigan Ave and all the excellent department stores. Access to Navy pier, Water tower Plaza, John Hancock Building, Museums all within walking distance.	
Dec 24 2007 	Excellent no-hassle service	Stayed at this hotel for one week. The front desk and concierge people were extremely helpful. The information they gave about restaurants turned out to be spot on. The Viand restaurant in the hotel was reasonably priced and the food was nice. Rooms were clean &amp; large. Asked for a different room when our son came to stay with us and was accomodated within minutes at no extra charge. The fitness center and pool were adequate.The location was perfect and within walking distance of almost every attraction including the beach. This was our fourth hotel stay in Chicago and we would definitely stay again in this hotel.	
Dec 22 2007 	Great Hotel and Location	We recently spent three nights at the Courtyard on Ontario St. We were just 1 block off of Michigan Ave. about halfway between the river and the watertower. What a GREAT LOCATION! We were in easy walking distance of just about everything. We did use a cab to go to the Shedd Aquarium though.The hotel was very clean, and our room large and comfortable. I was also very impressed by the friendly and courteous staff. There is a Starbucks right off the lobby which we used daily. We also had good experiences at the nearby Grand Luxe Cafe, Gino's East Pizza and Portillo's. In addition, there is a Trader Joe's within a block or so,which is a great place to pick up bottled water or some snacks at a very reasonable price.	
Nov 5 2007 	Clean quiet comfortable	This hotel is clean, quiet and comfortable. It is in a great location. Nearby in walking distance is Portillo's Hot Dogs, Gino's East, Giordanos, Al's #1 Italian Beef, Garrett's Popcorn, Navy Pier, Water Tower area, groceries, gourmet groceries, movie theater, bowling alley, and lots of shopping.Parking is adjacent and $28/ day with In/Out priviledges.Did not eat at the hotel but the menu looked good.Swimming pool and gym are onsite.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great Hotel! The LOCATION is perfect	I loved this hotel! The location is perfect! One block off of Michigan Ave. I was here on a workshop/mini vacation. When we (myself, sister, sister's friend and my sister in law) checked in I asked to be upgraded to a jr. suite, which we were. We were also asked if we wanted a refrigerator delivered to our room, which we accepted, at no extra charge. Everyone from the bellman to the front receptionist to house cleaning were very nice and made you feel like a special guest. Excellent recommendation to a sushi restaurant right down the street!The warm cookies put out in the lobby was a nice touch after a long day of shopping and sight seeing! I would not hesitate to stay here again! Great Experience! Keep up the good work!	
Oct 6 2007 	Had a great time. Great Location.	I stayed here 2 nights over a weekend for business. It was a great location close to everything downtown. Their rates were more reasonable then some other hotels. I had some minor problems with the internet access but was able to get what I needed in the business center. The staff was helpful with downtown information. I also got a good pizza recommendation to go to Uno down the block.	
Oct 1 2007	Highly recommended!!!	My husband and I just got back from Chicago last night. I thought I would leave a quick review because before I book a hotel, I read lots of reviews and they help me soo much.Anyways, the hotel was wonderful. Location! Location! Location! it's a block from Michigan Ave and just close to everything. The attached parking garage was $28.00 for 24hrs with in/out priveleges. Everything was really clean and comfortable. I would definately stay there again!!!	
Sep 8 2007 	A Fine Place	We booked directly through their website, and found the rate as good as or better than the discount sites. Frankly, I think one is treated better that way and more apt to be upgraded. Arrived at the desk ten minutes after the terrible windstorm that came through the last weekend in August, having parked in the garage that is on the lower floors of this building (a very narrow garage; strongly advise not trying it after an evening of drinking...) and were graciously upgraded to one of the little suites when we said we would like a room with - well, a little more room. Good bed, good shower, very clean, very quiet. Affable front desk staff, pleasant doorman. The location is fabulous; this is a great neighborhood for walking. We didn't have dinner reservations, but managed to get into Tru, which is a block and a half north, and for those looking to eat late, they were seating people after 10 p.m., although it is waaaay not a budget eatery. (Very expensive, but delicious and a heaven for dessert lovers.) The garage has in-and-out privileges once you manage the rather odd ticket system included in the $28-a-day price. We had a wall sconce bedside lamp that didn't work, and it was replaced within an hour. Our coffee maker didn't work, although we didn't discover it until 2 days into our stay, and it never did get replaced despite a couple of requests. That's our only quibble. I wish I could find this size room and this kind of rate in New York City. Chicago has gotten more expensive over the years and is closing in on NYC when it comes to hotel and restaurant costs, but this spot offers good value for the money.	
Sep 7 2007	Very fabulous front desk	We stayed at the Courtyard on Marriott Reward points. We were to check in on Sunday. We arrived at around 9:45am just to drop off our bags before a Cub game. The courteous gentleman at the front desk indicated that we could check in then and go up to our room! We were very happy!!! After celebrating in Wrigleyville, we headed back! I ordered room service and was very happy with my choice of ravioli. Very different and very good. Not the typical ravioli.Great Stay	
Sep 5 2007 	Pretty Nice Hotel- Great Location!	My dad and i took a trip to Chicago for a weekend, just to sight see and check out the city, and we stayed at the courtyard marriott.The first thing about the hotel is it was a bit confusing to get to, because there are TWO courtyard marriotts within a few blocks of eachother! but we called and they were very helpful with directions.The location is great if you want to go to the magnificent mile (1 block) or the Navy Pier/Lake Michigan (about 5 blocks). Our room was a mini-suite, and we thought it was two rooms, but really it was one room and an open doorway into the &quot;living room&quot; with a pullout couch. This was a bit disappointing because we thought it would be a little more seperate! But the room was very nice and the hotel staff were also very nice. We had a fridge and a microwave- there is a trader joe's across the street, too, so you can buy some groceries and save a little money for breakfast and snacks!there are also a lot of restaurants nearby, most of them on the nicer side (which is to be expected, since we are a block from the Coach store!)The view was OK, but there are buildings all around the hotel so you can't expect too much... i think the best thing it had going for it was the location!	
Sep 3 2007	Wonderful Location	My adult daughter and I stayed at this property for four nights. It's moderately priced (for Downtown Chicago). When I travel, I always try to stay in a place that is centrally located and this property certainly fits that description. Just half a block from the Magnificent mile and 5 blocks to the West of the navy pier, the walking distances are very manageable. The red subway line is about 6 blocks away(about 10 minutes) and if you take a bus on Michigan Av to the subway, it's just steps away. The hotel itself is not luxurious but very clean. It has one restaurant/bar that was usually busy and a very helpful concierge &amp; front desk staff. A great feature I loved was 3 computers in the office center for use free of charge, internet &amp; printer included. My only quibble was the room we ordered, a king bed with a sofa bed in a seperate room. There is no door or any kind of covering whatsoever between the &quot;bedroom&quot; and the sofa area so opposite sex persons staying in the same room or parents with small children might want to be aware of this. Check with the hotel first if this is important to you. But otherwise, this is a good choice to stay in downtown Chicago if the price is right.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great location and value in downtown Chicago	This hotel is a block off Michigan Ave so you can't beat the location in downtown Chicago. It is a &quot;typical&quot; Marriott Courtyard (that has not been given the update)....hotel furniture, TV on dresser, desk and chair, small bathroom with shower and the sink outside the bathroom. The bed is a bit updated with white sheets but unfortunately, is not the new &quot;Marriottt bed&quot;.The lobby area is updated and the staff very friendly and accommodating.Clean and sufficient for a night's stay with a much lower price per night than other hotels in the area .	
Sep 1 2007 	Nice hotel good location	My sister, daughter and I spent two nights here because we snagged tickets to Oprah. We checked in with no problems a bit early at 2 . When we got to our room we realized that the two queen beds would be small for both my adult daughter, my sister and I so we called down to the front desk to request a roll away bed. The front desk informed us that extra beds in the rooms were against code in Chicago and that someone would be up shortly with keys to another room. . About ten minutes later the bell captain came up with our keys and offered to take our luggage to the new room but was gracious when we said we really didnt need help since we each only had a carry on. The new room had a sofa bed and two queen beds in it on the 22nd floor. It was perfect, large and spacious with a sink outside of the bathroom which is always a plus with three women in one room. We did have to bother the desk twice more for extra towels and to find out the location of the hair dryer and they were quick and courteous. (The hair dryer is in the top shelf of the closet behind the iron.) The only drawbacks I could see is that wireless internet was only in the lobby where I saw numerous travelers huddled over their laptops. The pool was also shallow and only about two strokes long.The bar offers Tapas which members of my party did not care for so I cant report on the food there but breakfast was decent at 13.00 but the 9% tax brings lots of things higher than advertised in this city. The doormen were terrific. No matter what time of day, someone was on duty to get us cabs or tell us how to get to different sites. They were always cheerful and upbeat. One was also very helpful to my daughter. When her prepaid Express van (booked through Expedia.com with her air fare) to the airport took off without her; he snagged her a ride with a great private driver who got her to the airport in time even though there was a massive backup on the main roads. In all this is a nice hotel located near lots of shops and about a mile from the Navy Pier. In the summer, there is a free trolley that will take you to almost any location in the city. It runs from May to Labor Day about every ten minutes.	
Aug 14 2007	Okay - not The Talbott	Just returned from a long weekend in Chicago. Usually stay at The Talbott on Delaware but opted for hotel closer to theatre and with a pool. Room was clean, very small. Staff was friendly not necessarily helpful when it came to suggesting late nite dinner (10pm). Everything was closed at 10pm in the neighborhood. Overall an okay stay but will return to The Talbott next time. You can't beat the service and accomodations for the price and location!	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Stay - Great Staff	My daughter in law and I spent 4th of July in Chicago. We stayed 3 nights at this hotel. It was comfortable, clean, convenient and had the best concierge of any Marriott at which I have ever stayed. The entire concierge staff gave us tips on resturants, clubs, activities and was always ready to lend a hand.Check in and checkout was smooth. Front desk personnel was very nice and efficient.The hotel is 1 block off the mag mile and close to all of the high end shopping your heart can desire.When I return to Chicago, I will choose this Courtyard over the full service Marriott down the street.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great hotel minor quirks	PROS: Wonderfull facility, friendly and helpful staff, very comfortble beddings and linens, good location, secure property.CONS: Pool too small. Pool had band-aids and other refuse stuck in drain edge which should have been cleaned up daily. No hair dryer in rooms, even though they had irons and coffee makers. Breakfast not included. Free internet is wired, not wireless, in guestrooms.Except for these minor quibles, the place is well worth it, even though it is not the least expensve of hotels.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great Stay at Courtyard!!	I must preface by saying that I did not pay for this hotel stay, so I can not speak to the value of the hotel. However, for a Courtyard this hotel exceeded all my expectations. Definitely the nicest Courtyard I have stayed at. The location was excellent, basically on Michigan Avenue. We were in a King Suite on the 23rd floor that overlooked Magnificent Mile. The room was clean and in an updated dcor. The staff was friendly and attentive. Housekeeping did a great job. Never ate at restaurant, but had a drink at the bar (free drink coupon was provided by the very friendly porter during our check-in). I would defiantly consider this hotel a four-star property!!	
Jul 2 2007 	Enjoyed the Courtyard	This is a great hotel. It is very kid friendly. There are restaurants very close by. The pool is nice, and the staff is great. The Magnificent Mile is just yards away. Dont' miss &quot;The Indian Garden&quot; down the block.	
Jun 9 2007 	Good Accomodations for the Business Traveler	I stayed for one night on June 4. I'm a big fan of the Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificient Mile but the rates were very high - must have been a large convention in town. I had not stayed at the Courtyard Chicago Downtown before but the location seemed good. Overall I was pleased with my stay.PROS (mainly for the business traveler)- Free highspeed internet - &quot;Business Center&quot; open 24 hours on the basement level - not fancy but there are two computers and a printer. This was perfect for printing a boarding pass and printing a document I neeeded for a meeting the next morning- Clean roomsCONS- The bed was one of the worst I've had at a Marriott. No cushy matress cover. Very uninviting.- Because I had very little time in the morning and because the Starbucks downstairs had been closed the day before &quot;due to problems with air conditioning,&quot; I decided to order room service for breakfast. I decided the healthy choice of yogurt, granola and fruit would be good. I would have felt like I got more for my money if I had chosen something else. I literally received a small yogurt (from a multi pack), a 1/4 cup of granola and a small plate of fruit. I know room service is a rip-off but this was very disappointing for $21 (this did include a small pot of coffee).Overall the stay was good but next time I will return to Marriott Chicago Downtown Magnificient Mile if I can find better rates.	
Apr 16 2007 	Excellent Hotel for Kids!	I just returned from a trip to the courtyard April 12-15th. I traveled with my mother and two nephews. We had a Queen Queen room on the 20th floor, room 2009. The hotel location was excellent and the condition of the Hotel was fabulous. The room felt brand new as if it was never used before. We had a decent view of Michigan Ave. As previous posters have stated the hotel was extremely clean! The staff was very helpful and polite and made the kids feel at home. The kids used the pool on the 10th floor. The pool is not huge but it was clean and well kept and felt great after a long day of walking. The pool had a great view of Michigan Ave. also. I loved that there was Starbucks in the lobby. There were two wonderful places to eat breakfast within a block from the hotel. One block east (towards the lake) was a cute little place called Egg something and one block north was the Corner Bakery. Both places great for kids. The kids loved that ESPN Zone was only 3 blocks away. Great place to end the night for the kids each night. Everything was within walking distance. Great Hotel!! Would return again!	
Apr 9 2007	Great place to stay while in Chicago!	We picked the Courtyard because of a $99 special on Travelzoo. The hotel was very nice, clean, and the staff were friendly and helpful. Starbucks in the lobby, which was nice. We checked in 3 hours early with no problem. I had requested a room on a high floor and got room 2008, on the 20th floor. King size bed, sofa with pull out bed, desk &amp; chair. Nice and comfortable, and the window size was the length of the outside wall with a pretty good city view. We ordered room service once, it was ok, but overpriced in my opinion. Ice &amp; soda machines on each floor are nice. Shower was perfect, good water flow, and plenty of hot water. Toilet and tub in seperate area from sink. Location was great, one block off Michigan and a bus stop we used a lot. Lots of restaurants, very expensive stores, and a Dunkin Donuts and White Hen store around the corner. Concierge staff were SO helpful with advice on buses to take and where to get off, as well as offering us free tickets to a play. The only negative was that they advertise on the Marriott site there is free internet on the tv. They have limited access that is free, mostly weather, stocks and news sites. We went ahead and paid the 9.99 access fee, but none of the sites we wanted would load for us. (Sites like google, yahoo, etc.) Not even Trip Advisor would load! Not a big deal, but thought I would mention it, cause we were looking forward to the internet access to check email, and we couldn't. All in all, I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 25 2007 	Nice place for first visit	This was our first visit to Chicago and I am glad that I chose the Courtyard. It was central and near wherever we wanted to be.We did a lot of walking.Amongst our ramblings around the city we visited all the Marriott brands in Chicago to compare and were happy about our choice. It suited our budget on Point conversion.However the next time we would like to stay at the Renaissancebecause we were very impressed with the river view, rooms, the staff and the wonderful lounge area. The Courtyard welcome was very business like without the usual friendly smile. I noticed that most Courtyard welcomes are like this. They could adapt to visitors who are leisure travellers and not running for the next meeting. The lady kept on insisting that the room she was giving us was the one she would choose herself. I appreciated her concerns and she did put us on a higher floor away from a large group of school kids. The room was clean. The bed was comfortable and the view was acceptable. The Breakfast was great.The one aspect of Courtyard I hate is the infernal airconditioner which is a separate unit in the room. We always find it very loud and intrusive, and at times non-functioning. Why the Marriott group keeps on building hotels with the outdated air conditioners beats me.We found a wonderful restaurant in Illinois St. called NAHA. The food is out of this world. It was a dining experience. One the the most pleasant we have had in years. World class cuisine. I believe that Carrie is the owner Chef ex. 4 Seasons Beverly Hills. What a find! Chicago is a wonderful city, we shall return.	
Jan 29 2007 	Clean and convenient	This hotel was close to everything we needed. We rode the bus back from the Bulls game, shopped a bit and returned with our goodies. Walked to the House of Blues and drove to Blue Man Group. We had five in a room and fit because we had queen-size beds. Handy Starbucks in the lobby and discount parking attached. Basing the cost on the convenience, this was a good deal.	
Jan 6 2007 	Good location cleanest hotel I've stayed in	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and had a great time in Chicago. The hotel is located wonderfully close to Michigan Ave shopping, the free bus to the Navy Piers, the bus to the Shedd Aquarium and other museums, and there are lots of nice, medium expensive places to eat in walking distance. The room is a little smaller that we would have liked, and ther window was teeny-- we found that the drapes concealed a small window and lots of wall. Outside of being a bit cramped, our room was comfortable and and utterly immaculate. This hotel is amongst the cleanest I've ever stayed at, and even the public areas, which can't be easy to keep clean (like the stairs and the lobby) are totally spick and span. The bathroom is nicely done, comfortable, though it could use another towel rack, we found we were draping towels everywhere. The beds were comfortable, the business center had good net acceess and we could print up our boarding passes for our flights, very handy! I never got to the exercise room (walking around Chicago is plenty of exercise!), but the restaurant is good, and the desk staff is very helpful and friendly with tourist information.	
Dec 10 2006 	Great location	We were in Chicago for our annual Christmas weekend. Had not stayed at this particular hotel before, but couldn't pass up the special on Travel Zoo of $89/night (parking in attached deck for $26/day). One block off of Michigan Avenue. Just a great location for shopping and restaurants. Staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. Room was large, very clean, and very adequate for our stay, especially considering the rate we got. Would definitely stay here again, especially if we can ever get the special rate.	
Nov 29 2006	A Great Experience!	This was our first trip to chicago and we wanted to visit during the holidays. Since we had no past visits to draw on, we pretty much went with an &quot;affordable&quot; price listing compared with the other hotel listings. Our hotel was everything we had hoped for. The parking was on site and it was very easy to park our own car and walk a few steps to the lobby. The check in process was pleasant and we were able to go directly to our room even though we arrived a few hours before checkin and we were offered a choice of two rooms to chose from. Our room couldn't have been more pleasant. The beds were better than we had at home and everything was extremely clean! A nice couch and desk and chair were appreciated. The hotel lobby was also inviting and offered several seating arrangements for lounging. Upon exiting and returning we were always greeted like old friends. The employees seemed to really enjoy working there. The attached restaurant offered a wonderful breakfast buffet for $13! That was a very pleasant suprise! The location was perfect for shopping. We saw the Festival of Lights parade and fireworks and were only steps away from our room. We were able to unload packages and set back out again and again. I now know that I have the perfect place to stay and look forward to the possibility of making this a yearly tradition! You should too!	
Nov 24 2006 	Great stay at Courtyard	We are just back from four nights at this hotel. My two friends and I shared a large room with two large double beds and plenty of room for all the shopping we did! We had the American girl package (thou we are all in our 30s) and got cookies and milk every night. The location is perfect , just off Michigan Ave and we walked everywhere. We never ate in the hotel for some reason but the menu read well. There's a Starbucks in the lobby which we found great after coming in after a long day..we needed a shot of caffeine to go out again at night.Concierge was very helpful with reservations and recommendations.A great place for breakfast is West eggs ,about two blocks east, out of hotel turn right and walk for two minutes. We also went to the House of Blues for Sunday Gospel brunch,it cost about $40 and was very short , but a good experience for us. The Architectural river tour was brilliant but have heard it depends on the guide. You get a great view of Chicago that you dont get walking. Also recommend going to the Hancock tower for drinks...great view!All in all LOVED Chicago...def my kinda town. I'll be back and would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 26 2006	nice place at a nice price	My mother and I got this place for $80 on priceline, and it was a fantastic deal. The hotel is nothing fancy but it was clean and spacious in a good quiet location. The restaurant downstairs is great.	
Sep 11 2006 	My kinda hotel before heading down Route 66	We arrived very late at night after a 9 hour delay flying over from UK and we received a warm reception on arrival. Our request was for a twin/twin/sofabed room high up with a front facing view. We were on the 21st floor but none of these rooms face the front - we could just see the tops of the Sears Tower ariels sticking above the other nearby towers.We ate out for all our meals including breakfast - tip of the day is turn left towards the Michican Avenue and not right towards the Lake otherwise you'll be hungry. There is an amazing McDonalds a few blocks west - huge fancy thing unlike any other you will see in the world - it a special to mark their 50th anniversary and worth a visit.Everywhere you will want to see downtown is within walking distance so we didn't hire our car until time to drive Route 66. The hotel has an integrated public mutlistorey car park and you get a much reduced rate for staying at the hotel.The kids &amp; I appreciated the free high speed internet service - two PCs you can use so don't worry if you forget your laptop like I did.Nice lounge bar and a few tables on the pavement outside (or side walk as you call it in the US). Nice Califonian red by the glass though I can't remember the label. Not many sidewalk cafes in Chicago, shame.Friendly staff (including some Brits), fresh fruit at reception and one day we even had free miniature Hersey bars though I still don't like them, it ain't chocolate.Our family party of 5 managed to share the single bathroom. We enjoyed our 3 night stay here and would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 29 2006 	One of the best Courtyards ever!!!	My husband and I were here the end of August for pleasure and were extremely happy with this hotel. I travel monthly for work and tend to stay in Courtyards and have to say this is definitely not your average Courtyard. We had a great corner room on the 20th floor which gave us a view of the East part of the city (as well as the Lake) and a north view which included the John Hancock. Although the room was not very big it was clean. We also found the service friendly and knowldgeable. Check in took all of 5 minutes and they had a room ready early for us. The concierge (Damitry) was extremely helpful and friendly. Just the fact that this Courtyard has a concierge is a plus! Location, location, location is magnificent. One block from the Mag Mile, a couple of blocks from the red line,	
Aug 1 2006 	Good choice	Great Location! 1 block from Michigan Ave., Starbucks in the lobby, &amp; donut shop across the street. Walking distance to everything. Rooms are nice &amp; staff is very accomadating. We would definetly stay again.	
Jul 28 2006	Restaurant Bargain	What a nice hotel! I have never stayed at a Courtyard before and only booked this one because the other nearby Marriott (where my meeting was held) had no availability. I don't regret the 1 1/2 block walk at all! I had stayed at the other hotel earlier in the summer and was not altogether pleased.The room was nice although not huge. It was quiet.The bonus was the restaurant, &quot;Viand&quot;. It is actually a &quot;restaurant/bar.&quot; As it was a Saturday night there were quite a few people but not crowded. However, it was not noisy nor was the service slow. Our server was very pleasant, knowledgable and prompt. To beat all of that, the prices were very reasonable! It was after 7:30 when we arrived so we didn't want more than a light meal. I got a very good BBQ turkey wrap and fries for $12 and my Mother got a very large burger and fries for $10. Breakfast the next morning was the same value. Two eggs, meat, hash browns and toast for $7! (To compare, the same meal at the other hotel where we stayed this trip was $14!) It was so nice to be able to eat in a big city hotel restaurant that wasn't so overpriced.There was free high speed internet access in the room. Which is something I haven't found in many large cities as it is usually at least $10 per day. That is a huge ripoff considering that one is usually paying well over $200 per night for the room even at a discounted/group rate.	
Jul 21 2006 	Good hotel no surprises	Standard Marriott hotel with the only hassle being a high rate for the night (one night $330.00). Great location about one block from Michigan Avenue and parking garage attached to the hotel. Breakfast in the morning had a 20 minute wait to I walked one block east to West Egg Cafe but there are plenty of restaurants in the area if that is a frequent issue. Quick Internet and fairly good selection of cable channels.Warning there are two hotels in the downtown area so make sure you are driving to the correct location.	
Jul 18 2006 	not bad but a little cramped	We stayed in a mini suite type room. This had a half wall separating the sitting area from the bedroom, but there was so much furniture that it all felt very cramped. When the sofabed was open, you could only squeeze by. The hotel has a small indoor pool, very cold water, no hot tub. The Fitness room was modest, with a few weight machines and 3 treadmills. If you use the adjacent restaurant for breakfast, (&quot;Viand&quot;) skip the small buffet and order from the menu, it was much better than the buffet. Parking in the garage is $30 per day, but ask for a discount ticket at the front desk and get $4 off. Front desk service was friendly and helpful, and the location is very good, though the small lobby always seemd crowded and a little chaotic. The hotel was very clean and well kept. There are several other Marriott properites downtown including the regular Marriott and the Rennaisance. They have better facilities overall, and are often competitively priced.	
Jun 14 2006	Great Choice!	The hotel is very nice and located at an awesome location within the Magnificent Mile area.My wife and I were very pleased as a get away hotel and a first time Chicago visitor.We would definitely return and in fact have booked our July '06 3 night stay already.	
May 29 2006	Loved It!!	We just returned from a stay at the Courtyard Marriott / Mag Mile. WE LOVED IT! The hotel exceeded our expectations. It was beautiful! nice! clean! helpful! and IDEAL LOCATION. We hightly recommend this hotel. Can't say enough wonderful things about our experience.	
May 14 2006 	Disappointed!	I am in Chicago frequently for work. After reading the many positive posts, I decided to try this hotel while in Chicago May 9-12 for business. What a disappointment! After guaranteeing my reservation for a nonsmoking, corner king, I arrived at the hotel at 8pm to find that they were sold out and the only room they had available was a regular, smoking two queens. I checked the room out and politley said thanks, but no thanks. I received nothing more than &quot;somebody must of screwed up because we see your exact reservation, but we don't have any of the room types available.&quot; Blah, blah, blah. The rate I had reserved this room at was $319 to boot. What a joke.Treat yourself to an upgrade in every sense. I cabbed it to the Soffitel (which was sold out when I made my reservation) and stayed there for 3 nights. What a great business hotel and I paid $295/night. . .walk-up rate. It is much better than the Courtyard/Ontario and is also in a better location.	
May 10 2006 	Loved the Courtyard Chicago Magnificent Mile	I recently returned from a business trip to Chicago. What a great city! I had the pleasure of staying at the Courtyard Chicago Magnificent Mile on Ontario Street. I had a good experience there. Check-in was fast and convenient. The hotel staff was friendly. The lobby was nothing fabulous, but who needs to stay in the lobby? The room was very clean and quite nice. Viand restaurant has a nice breakfast buffet and the food is quite good. Starbucks near the lobby is a plus. The hotel is close to the magnficient mile and lots of shopping. About a block away is a restaurant called Grand Lux. It is on the second floor located above the Ann Taylor store. This restaurant served huge portions of good food at a fair price. While in Chicago make sure you take in Navy Pier for fantastic pictures. Don't miss the stained glass exhibit there.The art museum is fantastic. The people of Chicago are quite friendly to tourists. Enjoy Chicago. I hope to return someday!	
May 5 2006 	Magnificent	This hotel was beautiful, the staff was wonderful. Everything we forgot, was availabe in the gift shop on the 2nd floor. We went to a convention and came back with lots of books to ship, which we did at the wonderful Fed-Ex on the 2nd floor. We wanted to check in for our flight online, which we did at the Fed-Ex on the 2nd floor. We stayed on the 24th floor with a magnificent view, and the beds-oh my gosh!!! I have never slept so well away from home! Soft comforters, soft pillows, comfy mattress, I was tempted to never leave my room, let alone my bed!	
May 3 2006	Excellent Hotel	Except for check-in, which was perfunctory (3 of 5), everything else about my April 26-28 stay was excellent (5 of 5), from the size and cleanliness of the room and bathroom to helpfulness of concierges, friendliness of other staff, and free Internet in the business center. Can't beat the location, seconds from Michigan Avenue. Would highly recommend this hotel. One suggestion: include BBC World among TV channels.	
May 1 2006	Great stay for St Patty's Day	The Courtyard in Downtown Chicago is a great place for a weekend stay in Chicago. The location is perfect and central to all of the hotspots in downtown Chicago. My girlfriend and I stayed there over St Patrick's Day weekend and couldn't have been happier with the choice. The weather was perfect so we bragged that we didn't take a cab the whole weekend, as we were able to walk to all of the the shops, restaurants, and attractions (such as Navy Pier, House of Blues, and Millenium Park).The hotel was very clean and the staff was friendly. The concierge desk was always staffed and very helpful with recommendations on local jazz clubs, directions, reservations, etc. The rooms were nice and offered a great view of the lake. Check in and checking out were a breeze, even with a convention staying there that weekend. I have stayed at many hotels in downtown Chicago and would recommend this location to anyone. Also, found a great restaurant that I have to recommend: Vongs Thai Kitchen (VTK). Outstanding food and even better service. The house specialty is Pad Thai topped with lump crab meat. Not to be missed and only a few blocks south from the Courtyard. Also, no trip to Chicago would be complete without drinks from the top of the John Hancock Bldg and breakfast at the Original Pancake House.	
Apr 18 2006	Excellent Stay	The hotel is conveniently located only steps from Michigan Ave and all the shopping. Most attractions are only a short cab ride or an extended walk. The hotel itself is very nice inside and the staff was excellent. Check in was easy and fast. The room was clean and provided a good view. Our only complaint would be the breakfast buffet which was overpriced, in our opinion, at $13.95. There is a small bakery one street north where you can get all you need for a lot less. When visiting Chicago, I would definitely recommend this hotel for its dcor, convenience, friendly staff and price.	
Apr 5 2006	Perfection.	The Courtyard by Marriott Mag Mile was a perfect hotel for our needs. It's location is so convenient to everything, the employees are super friendly without being obnoxious, the rooms are immaculate, the indoor pool is great, and we were able to get a room with two queen beds and a sofabed (which slept 5 total) for no extra charge. Parking is a bit steep at $26/day self $36 valet, but it is comparable to all of the other downtown hotels, so I think the problem is a regional issue, not a hotel issue. That being said, I would definitely return.	
Mar 30 2006	MAGNIFICENT on Magnificent Mile!	Stayed at this hotel from 3/26-3/29. From the first moment we stepped into the hotel to the last we experienced nothing less than perfection. This hotel, one block off of Michigan Avenue, knows how to treat their clientele. And I have to congratulate the manager, as well. His employees reflect how he must treat them. The doormen, front desk people, maintenance, etc. had great attitudes and were extremely helpful. When the first room we checked into had a broken bed (college students had just checked out) they immediately sent someone up and changed our room. He even checked the new room first to make sure it was fine. The rooms are spotless, comfy and great views of the city. The room service was excellent as well. The location? GREAT! Easy and safe access to everything. Bus service a block away. Walking distance from everything. And always a cab at the front door! What more could you ask for?	
Mar 21 2006	Another great stay at a Courtyard!	My husband and I just returned from a trip to Chicago. Based on the reviews from this forum, we booked this Courtyard and we were not disappointed! Smart,swanky and upscale,it was in a perfect location. The room was nice, and breakfast buffet was great. Wirelss internet (and free) was a plus.The bed was very comfortable.The staff was VERY attentive. We would stay there again!	
Jan 23 2006 	No Problems	Over the years, I've stayed in a lot of hotels in downtown Chicago and I like this one the best. It's small enough so that you don't have to walk miles through a lobby to reach your room and, unlike some of the larger mega hotels in the city, I never feel lost in an expansive and over used common area.I stayed here for the second time on a recent weekend and found it to be every bit a good as my first visit during the summer of 2005 and as decribed by a majority of the reviewers here. The property is fresh and clean. The staff is attentive without being obsequious and the rooms, while not palatial, are comfortable and clean.There is nice, small pool area on the tenth floor. With floor to ceiling windows and views of Michigan Avenue, it was a nice place to spend some down time with my young daughter. There is also a well equiped exercise room. Each time I've been there, the facility was clean and did not look overused.For my young family, this location could not be better. We spend an inordinate amount of time at the Children's Museum on Navy Pier. It's a nice walk in good weather and a short cab ride for those who don't like walking. And, there are all kinds of restaurant options within a block of the hotel - Capital Grill, Bice, Big Bowl, Burrito Beach are only a few that come to mind. But all of Michigan Avenue is just one block away.I also like the self park option at the hotel. It's convenient and your car is always accessible. However, if you plan on going in and out a lot, you're best served by using the valet service (since you're charged more money every time you take your car out of the garage by yourself).While not upscale or a five star property, this Courtyard is clean, comfortable and well located and I'd recommend it without reserve.	
Jan 20 2006	Good Value Great Location	We stayed at the Courtyard the weekend of the Festival of Lights, the official start of the Christmas shopping season in Chicago. The hotel was booked to capacity, as was the whole downtown, I think from the look of the crowds in Michigan Ave! This hotel is one block off the Magnificent Mile and is well situated For Michigan Ave shopping.We drove and parked our car in the structure next door, which was convenient, but expensive, as we expected from a downtown parking lot. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful. Our only complaint was that on Saturday morning we went down for the breakfast buffet to find the dining room only half filled and a line at the door. We were told that we would have to wait 20 minutes for a table. We questioned this...it's a buffet and there are empty tables, and weren't given a satisfactory answer, never really understanding what the problem was. We were hungry and wanted to get out and about so went elsewhere, a great place a block away, recommended by the front desk. The rooms are nice, not fancy, but good sized newer fabrics and well kept. The rooms have an open closet, which bother me for some reason, but that was really the only drawback in the room.We had friends staying at the Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile the same weekend. They are three blocks away from each other and for the price difference, we preferred the Courtyard. The only real difference in the rooms was the bathrooms at the Marriott were nicer. So if you're loyal to Marriott, you might want to keep that in mind!We're going back to Chicago this weekend and staying at the Courtyard again. Hopefully we'll get breakfast this time!	
Jan 4 2006	I'll definitely be back!	My boyfriend and I went to Chicago for Christmas and New Year's. Over the course of the stay I stayed at 3 hotels in the city. The Courtyard was by far our favourite out of the group. We stayed only one night using my boyfriend's mom's points. We checked in around 2pm on the 28th and the room was ready for us. We stayed on the 20th floor. The room was a lot more spacious than I expected. The bed was nice and there was a little living room area with a couch and a coffee table. The bathroom was okay. The shower was fine but it took a while for the water to go down the drain. The sink and mirror area is a bit small as mentioned before (I have too many toiletries and make up!). There's free internet which is awesome. It's so hard to find free internet. There is also free internet in the 24 hour business centre. We didn't use it but that's what they said. There's a pool on the 10th floor but it's only open till 10pm so we missed it because we went out for dinner till late. The workout room which looks good is open 24 hours a day. There's a mini-Starbucks downstairs as well as a restaurant called Viand. Didn't eat there but would if we had more time. Menu looked pretty good and it looked like a cool space. There's a lot of stuff nearby with Michigain only a block away. I would definitely come back here again.	
Dec 28 2005	Courtyard Mag Mile a great choice	We recently spent two nights at this property. I was pleasantly suprised at how nice the hotel was for the price ($79 on TravelZoo). The rooms were clean and spacious. The only drawback was the small vanity/dressing area. The parking deck is attached to the hotel which made parking and handling luggage an easy task. Staff was very friendly and informative. It is a convenient location to Michigan Ave, the Loop, trolley stops, bus stops, etc.. Will definitely return to this hotel.	
Dec 27 2005	Wonderful Hotel!	I stayed with my husband and five year old son right before Thanksgiving. The defining characteristic of the hotel that made me book it was an indoor pool-a hard find in downtown Chicago. The staff was very pleasant-especially the doormen-they remembered us everytime and helped us out a lot. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the area!	
Dec 18 2005	Great Property	Great location, just a block east of Michigan Avenue in heart of Mag Mile. Very clean and comfortable room, larger than I expected. Staff was very polite, courteous, and helpful. Small pool, but again very clean. Kids loved it, but don't expect Olympic lengths.Heed the warnings regarding oversized vehicles in the parking garage. It is tight!Would definitely go back without hesitation.	
Dec 1 2005	excellent value best location	Stayed at this hotel for a week over Thanksgiving 2005, from moment we arrived the staff were all fantastic, they couldnt do enough for us and are always ready with a greeting and a smile that looks like they mean it! room was very clean, the most comfortable hotel bed ive slept in and the bathroom very roomy with a fab power shower over the bath (by the way im not easily impressed being a hotel manager myself) the housekepping staff were very considerate and happily came back to our room when we were still in bed with hangovers and they couldnt get in to service it. Front desk staff friendly especially Andrew and concierge service was impressive especially Costin from Latvia, Alex at Viand bar makes a mean martini. Im already planning another trip here next year but will extend it to see more of this beautiful city and make the most of the hotel (didnt get the chance to use the pool or gym)	
Nov 18 2005 	Like New. Great alternative to pricier hotels. Very happy.	I agree with all the reviews. This Courtyard is spotless. Looks brand new. Great location and a cheaper alternative to my conference hotel. Friendly staff. Good size work out room with treadmills, weights, televisions and pool. My room was a queen and not large. Okay for one person or two people who are close to each other. Free internet and computer and printer in the 24 hour computer/business center. Starbucks in the lobby. Corner Bakery nearby. I will be back next time in Chicago.	
Oct 31 2005	Very enjoyable experience	For our girlfriends weekend away we chose to stay at the Courtyard Magnificent Mile. From the moment we arrived until the moment we checked out all staff from the doormen, to front desk personnel, concierge and housekeeping were all extremely friendly, helpful and informative. All were eager to please and efficient. We needed extra towels and from the time we made the request it literally was moments until there was a knock at the door. Our room consisted of two queen beds and a pull out sofa bed and chair and was spacious. Though the room was simply furnished it was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. Beds were double-sheeted which I was surprised and thrilled to see. Located just 1/2 block from Michigan Avenue this hotel was perfectly situated. We were able to walk to Watertower Place, Giordano's Pizza, the Corner Bakery, Garret's Popcorn, Crate and Barrel, Gucci, the Hershey store, etc etc. There was a Starbuck's just off the lobby! We all felt that the location could not have been more perfect.We were extremely pleased with this hotel and would stay again without hesitation.	
Oct 16 2005	Spotless friendly convenient	I've stayed at a number of Chicago hotels and the Courtyard Magnificent Mile ranks with the best. It's more upscale than your typical Courtyard (loved the Deco lobby) and there's a very good restaurant (Viand) attached to the property with a VERY lively bar! My room was not huge but very comfortable and CLEAN. This hotel is two years old and I did not see one spot, scuff mark or stain. The bathtub gleamed. Friends of mine with whom I was traveling walked into their room and found the maid polishing the glass on the framed artwork. Did not see one speck of dust. All the staff were super-friendly, helpful and efficient (kudos to Damian at the front desk and Stephen the bartender in Viand). Terrific location one block east of Michigan Ave. and the neigborhood is a vertiable United Nations, with an Irish pub, an Italian restaurant (Bice) and a Chinese eatery right on the block! No minibars in the room but plenty of nearby places to pick up sodas, junk food etc. In short, VERY highly recommended, and will be happy to stay again. WELL DONE!!!!	
Aug 26 2005	Excellent hotel excellent location	With this being our first trip to Chicago, we didn't know what to expect. Upon arriving at the hotel, our room was upgraded to a larger one. Our room was spacious, and the view was of Michigan Ave. The hotel is in a prime location, being only one block off the heart of the Magnificent Mile, and four blocks from the Navy Pier. The workout room was eqipped with new machines, and the pool was small, but nice. Everytime we returned to the hotel, the staff would greet us with a friendly &quot;welcome back&quot;, and the bellmen would hold the doors. We were very impressed by how clean the hotel was. Another handy feature about the hotel was the requirement for a key card in the elevator, only allowing guests of the hotel to get to a floor.All in all, we were very impressed by this property. We would definately reccomend it to friends, and definately stay there again.	
Aug 10 2005	Super Nice Hotel	The Courtyard was great and perfectly located 1/2 block off Michigan Ave. The staff was incredibly nice and the rooms were clean and comfortable. I'd definately stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 1 2005	very clean quiet convenient location	This hotel was very conveniently located to many points of interest downtown. Is 1/2 block off of Michigan Ave (Magnificient Mile).Our room was very clean. We are very picky about cleanliness and were very satisfied with this room. Upon approaching our room, I noticed it was next to the vending and ice machine area. I was concerned about the noise, however it could not be heard in our room which surprised me. The walls must be fairly soundproof as we could not hear sounds from neighboring rooms next to, above or below us despite the hotel being booked. Front desk staff was very helpful in providing us with info pertaining to Navy Pier, parking, cost of area attractions etc.. all staff was friendly and helpful. Valet was prompt and cheerful. Room had two queen beds and a pull out sofa and was generous in size for downtown Chicago.We will definitely stay in this hotel again. We stayed at the Fairfield on Ontario 1/2 block away earlier this month and would be a good second choice if this one is booked.	
Jun 25 2005	Great Location	My family and I stayed for 1 night on June 19th. The hotel was very nice and clean. We were on the 23rd floor (24 total floors) with a nice view. I asked the front desk to give us a room as high up as possible and they were happy to accomodate. The room was very basic nothing special. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is one block off Michigan ave. and one mile to Navy Pier. You are within 5 blocks of Water Tower Place, Giordano's Pizza (best pizza ever), Garrett's Popcorn (awesome), and The John Hancock Bldg. I would stay here again.	
May 17 2005	BEST HOTEL IN CHICAGO!!!!	Recently stayed at this Marriott on Ontario for three nights in May. Our annual girls trip - 8 of us - and the hotel was awesome!!!! Two of us had birthdays while we were there and the entire staff sent up a tray of chocolate covered strawberries, crackers and cheeses and a card signed by all! Warren and Ryan were great help to us in finding great restaurants and areas of interest!!! Rooms were great - had two rooms that connected on the 24th floor. Location was prime to see the city! HIGHLY RECOMMEND this hotel to anyone visiting chicago. Hotel restaurant and bar were great too! Steve and Matt are great entertainment at the bar!	
Apr 29 2005	Very nice hotel	My wife and I and another couple stayed at the Courtyard on Ontario Street for 1 night and we were very pleased with the hotel and the service. We weren't around long enough to use the pool, or excercise room, but if they were like the rest of the hotel, I can guess they would be pretty nice as well. The check-in and check-out were very friendly and efficient. The conciege, Reinaldo, was friendly and helpful.  Overall, it was a great location and a great hotel!	
Apr 22 2005	What a relief!!	We made a last minute reservation at this newly renovated property because we were booked into The Congress Plaza downtown and HAD to get out of there. What a relief to find such a clean, polite and welcoming atmosphere. Our room was great; clean and lovely. The front desk staff could not have been more helpful. This is a GREAT location - one block from Michigan Avenue, walking distance to wonderful restaurants and entertainment, shopping, buses and taxis right outside your door. We will return for a Christmas shopping weekend!!	
Feb 27 2005 	Very comfortable		
Feb 21 2005	Great value		
Jan 24 2005	Wonderul stay great location!		
Jan 11 2005	We Love this Hotel		
Dec 6 2004	It'll do in a pinch		
Sep 21 2004	Not a "Marriott"		
Sep 15 2004	Great location		
Apr 5 2004	Seinfeld episode - reservaton		
Mar 15 2004	Great Hotel		
Oct 23 2003	Wonderful experience		
Oct 21 2009 	Ottimo hotel		
Sep 10 2008 	Super Lage schne grosse Betten		
Aug 20 2008 	????????????		
