	Great Hotel downtown	Very conveniet to downtow. The Hotel is quite, clean and confortable with a big lcd tv. The hotel park cost a little bit much that other solutions, but very convenient. For breakfast there is a Starbucks very close to the hotel.	
Nov 15 2009 	very satisfactory stay--and for the price outstanding!!	I stayed at the Essex for three nights while attending a conference at the Hilton Chicago. The Hilton couldn't be much closer--right across a small sidestreet . But while I would have paid $182 for a room at the Hilton, even at conference rates, I got my room at the Essex for $89 a night via Hotelicopter.com.I would have been satisfied with the Essex if I'd paid considerably more, but for that price, it was outstanding. The room was smallish but very comfortable. The hotel has clearly been remodeled in the past few years and, and while it was nowhere near as plush and ornate as the Hilton, it was perfectly pleasant and comfortable. The king-size bed was nice and firm with a cozy duvet. Everything was clean and in working order--the one problem (a light that burned out on the second day) was fixed promptly. The wireless Internet was fast and consistent (and while the price wasn't as high as what some business hotels charge, they never charged me for using it!) The staff was attentive, friendly and helpful. The location is great--right on Michigan Avenue, an easy walk to the Art Institute and a short cab ride to the Miracle Mile. As a single women I felt safe walking to and from dinner a few blocks away, even after darkIf I had to name one complaint, it would be that you have limited control of the temperature in your room, and it was a little warmer than I would have preferred. But that may have had something to do with it being nearly 60 degrees in mid-November--the hotel may not be able to crank down the heat on a dime when the weather is that unseasonable.I would absolutely stay at the Essex Inn on another visit to Chicago.	
Nov 10 2009 	Be cautious about what you want...	I booked the hotel because of its proximity to Soldier Field (3/4 mile) and the cost was not too bad. I choose to upgrade to a King Deluxe room so we could have a view of Lake Michigan and the southern downtown area.The theme of the room is certainly the 70's with bright colors and some interesting designs...they certainly like Andy Warhol. Pros:Beautiful view of the parks; walking distance to Millenium Park and Art Museum; walking distance to Soldier Field and the Planetarium (all within 1 mile). Cabs were plentiful, so it was easy to go up and down Michigan Avenue to get to the Magnificent Mile when we got tired of walking. A lot of brochures for local attractions.Cons:Little heat/AC control...if the hotel had the heat on, you could not have A/C and vice versa. The pictures are very deceiving on the website: the room barely fit the king bed, and I could stand in the bathroom and touch both sides of it...turn 90 degress and touch both sides again. I had to hang over the toilet to close the door, and there was no exhaust fan. No directory for hotel services even though the website says they have room service during limited time frame. The employees were not the friendliest. One bartender only talked to us when he learned we were going to the Bears game, and the other one said nothing but to take our order. The bar manager (I think) was lingering around drinking Jack Daniels, but said nothing. The front desk staff were nice.	
Nov 10 2009 	It's a good thing it's right by Soldier Field...	For a 3-star hotel, this place was about half a click up from a hostel. The decor was atrocious (70s, and not the good kind), the 'front desk' was this random desk hidden in the back of the 'lobby,' the rooms didn't have air conditioning (honestly? What hotel nowadays doesn't have A/C???) and we had to open the windows to get any air-flow, our room was cleaned the first day, etc. Oh, the other thing -- no 'Hi, welcome to the Essex Inn' type of guest book awaited us. No information about room service or eateries around the hotel... I mean, they didn't even have the hotel phone number on the fricking phone!We were going to a Bears game and you really can't get a better location to Soldier Field then the Essex, but that was all it had going for it. We went in November and the room was too warm for us to sleep well -- I cannot imagine what it would be like to stay in in the summer.Their little bar (The Savoy) was ok, food wasn't bad, but overall, this place was not worth the money. I don't expect to have marble and crystal everywhere I go with a 3-star hotel, but goodness, I DO expect A/C fercryingoutloud.	
Oct 26 2009	Very nice	Great location, close to the Loop and within walking distance to many Chicago sights, including the Museums. Rooms had very large window, which made the room nice and bright. But don't bother going to the in-house restaurant. The service was terrible and so was the food. There are many other eating options nearby.	
Oct 23 2009 	Decent Hotel	I went to this hotel during an annual science convention. It was a decent stay, there were some ups and downs. Service: First off the staff was very helpful and friendly, I never had a problem getting information, but they could use some training on the surrounding attractions. I asked one of the hotel workers at the front desk if there was someplace within walking distance to play pool. He sent us 3 blocks down to a crowded sports bar with one pool table. Rooms: I was pretty impressed with the room when I first walked in, very modern, had a decent size flat screen tv with tons of channels (Though you had to ask for a channel key down in the lobby) can't complain about the cleanliness of the room. My only gripe was that the bathrooms (at least in the double suite) were incredibly small. It was almost as if someone stuck one of the small ice buckets into the marble of the sink, it was almost too small to get your hands under the faucet. The shower and the toilet were extremely close together, I felt a little claustrophobic. Location: Awesome, close to the trains, nice view of the parks.Overall: Good stay, I wouldn't pay the high price ticket if I were staying for fun.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great service and location - tired decor	This was the first hotel my husband and I stayed in on our honeymoon (4 week road trip across America). The location of the Essex Inn was great and we were in walking distance of most of the tourist attractions and close enough to the L stations to get elsewhere. The staff at the Essex Inn were very helpful. My husband needed an Ethernet cable for his laptop and we got this from the front desk - no problem. They also allowed us to use the hotel phone to sort out a walking tour booking. They gave a good recommendation for breakfast - Yolk, about 5 minutes stroll away.The only problem with the hotel is that it is tired. It could do with a complete makeover, which would bring it more up to date and in keeping with the city.	
Oct 13 2009 	Reasonable Hotel for a reasonable price	We stayed here for three nights en route home from Hawaii.We arrived at 6 30am and were able to check in to our room straight away which was great.Room was quite large with two queen beds, adequate storage space and coffee maker.Small area with hanging space and wash hand basin before you walk into the smallish bathroom containing a bath with over shower and a WC.Only one bar of soap for bath and basin!!!.No safe in the room.Internet was $5.95 for 24 hours which is quite reasonable.Our floor was non smoking, going up in the lift once, we stopped at the third floor and the tobacco fumes instantly filled the lift, so make sure you book a non smoking room if you do not like the smell of cigarettes!!!This hotel is in a great location, the Tour and Trolley bus stops right outside.Hotel Courtesy Bus goes up town several times a day and the driver is very helpful.Within walking distance of lots of attractions, museums, places of interest and shops.If you go out the main door of the hotel and turn right, walk two blocks and you will come to a fantastic place called &quot;Yolk&quot; which does the best breakfast in Chicago, open till 3pm.Be warned, if you go at the weekend, you will have to wait for a table, but it is well worth it.If you come out the side door, turn left, and walk one block, you will come to Caribou Coffee shop, great coffee and free internet.Walk another block, turn left and you will come to a great Pizza place, the name escapes me, but the hotel doorman highly recommended it.Again, at weekends you will have to wait, but the Pizza is fantastic.This a reasonable hotel in a great location,and for the price it is good value	
Oct 10 2009 	The worst hotel in my whole life	Great Location in Chicago. The most inefficient unfriendly service I have ever seen in my whole and intense travelling. Breakfast is charged and very bad quality. Reservation software is a chaos.One friend and me came here to run the marathon. He arrived first and arrived late. My friend warned reception of my late arrival and provided my name. When I arrived the even told me my friend hadnt checked in when it wasn`t true.They charged me 299 dollars for a room and even they make a msitake I was not reimbursed. Iasked for the manager 3 times in vain.A hotel to avoid.	
Oct 10 2009 	good stay	just returned from the essex inn, great stay, could not fault hotel in any way, we had a fab room near the top, corner room, so 2 sides of the room were completley glass from top to bottom!!!, overlooked the Sears tower and the L so could not have been more chicago than that!! good staff at check in, took a few mins, nice 3 star hotel, but the best thing is the position, right on Michigan avenue, free shuttle to all the sights, we did'nt use it though, as we got a conbined transport pass, the bus stops directley outside the hotel and the metro is only a few mins walk away, the hotel is exceptionly good value for money as you are right next door to the Hilton and other 4 and 5 star hotels charging 4 times as much, would recommend the essex and would stay there again	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location for some awesome sightseeing.	We stayed for two nights as part of a Cosmos Bus Tour across the States. Its location was just perfect for us, as we hadn't been to Chicago before and it was right on the main strip to get to the best sightseeing spots. Plus it was walking distance from Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium and Adler Planetarium. Just at the end of the block is a famous blues bar, Buddy Guys. If you ask at reception, they give you a voucher for half price entry to Buddy Guys. We also walked to the Sears (now Willis) Tower, and the bus goes very close by to get to the shopping district. The room was very nice and the staff were friendly enough.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location Good Value	We were pleased. The location was great for walking to Grant Park, Millennium Park and museums. The shuttle service was a pleasant surprise and came in handy. Rooms were small, but comfy with better than average beds. The airy pool area (with a view of the lake) really came in handy for down time, games, reading and even swimming. The staff was friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Hotel great price wonderful locale	Close to a lot of attractions, comfy room, would stay again.Employees were helpful. The price was the cheapest compared to other hotels in that area. Hotel is old, but remodeled. Beds were very comfortableWould recommend to a friend	
Sep 30 2009 	have stayed here 3 times  wouldnt stay anywhere else when we come to Chicago	this coming Nov will be our 4th time , we love this hotel, staff so friendly and helpful, we got free upgrade last year suite was gorgeous great view,, shuttle bus the best , drivers very helpful and friendly, restaurant staff same very condiderate to our Irish ways as 2 irish travellers to the essex,, the park grill down the road we ate there thanksgiving last year, it was beautiful,,, def would recomend this hotel.thank you essex inn,	
Sep 28 2009 	Never again	I bought 3 night stay at a PBS auction and paid $250+/night (with tickets to John Hancock observatory) and was really looking forward to our stay.1. No heat - we are Floridians and it was warmer outside. The hotel is either on a/c or heat and you have no choice. Mid-September they were still on a/c.2. Not one piece of paper of information in our room about the hotel, restaurants, room service, Chicago area, tv channels. Nothing.3. Last morning maid knocked on room at 8:05am - ready to clean our room. I guess word got around about the tips I've been leaving .	
Sep 17 2009 	Will stay here again - great location	We had a great view of Grant Park. The weekend we were there, there was so much going on. A triathlon, festival....right across the street. Close to the museums, the lake....we were there to move a friend's son into college and the whole area made it a lot of fun. The staff was friendly and helpful too.We will definitely stay there on our next Chicago visit!	
Sep 14 2009 	Had a fantastic two weeks	I was lucky enough to win flights to Chicago with AA . Had to now find a hotel, Because I was travelling with my 17 yr old daughter I thought it would be good to have a pool. The pool area is good and my husband loved the gym.From start to finish we had an excellent stay I read in other reviews that staff were not very helpful I found every member of staff to be more than helpful. We ate in the restaurant and found something for everyone and the service was excellent. Our waitress even gave me boiling water for my tea. Americans only seem to use luke warm water maybe because they don't drink tea . Our room was pretty small I would have expected more hanging space. but we managed and it was clean . The other bonus was the launderette I got all my washing done for $5 before I left saved all that washing when I got home The hotel is away from Magnifecent mile but hotel offers a free shuttle service every hour. We never used this because we where there for two weeks thought it better to buy a bus pass that can also be used on the trains 7 days $23 3 days $14 great value as it cost $2.25 for each bus journey. Grant park and Millenium park just across the road. I found Chicago more expensive than other places in the USA so didn't do much shopping.  We went for a lovely meal in Tavern on the Park total cost for 3 $160  Try Bennigans a few stops away from hotel get of the bus at Madison same meal for 3 plus dessert $90  Also we had a nice meal in Elephant and Castle on State St down towards the river We went to see the Jersey Boys (Frankie Valli and the four seasons life story) was very good Tommy Guns garage was a fun night out . It takes you back to the roaring twenties and includes 3 course meal $60 -$75 ppWrigleyfield was a good night out we went to see Chicago Cubs.We also had a meal before the game prices are much better around there. The zoo at lincoln park is a great day out and unlike most things in Chicago it's freeWe booked a Chicago greeter she was great and gave us so much information and like the zoo this is free Navy Pier is a lovely day out especially if you have young children We had a buffet lunch in the signature room in the John Hancock building this is situated on the 96 floor from 11 to 2 midweek and only cost a few dollars more than going to the observatory tower The views are amazingThe boat trip on the river are really good and give lots of information All in all an excellent holiday	
Aug 31 2009 	Nice hotel for the price	We really liked staying in this hotel. It was very nicely taken care of and the decor was great! We easily walked to the Shedd from the hotel. We also walked down to Millenium Park with little effort. Beautiful view of Grant Park! The only thing that I have to say that's negative is it took FOREVER to get an elevator. We were waiting for a shuttle to take us to O'Hare and we left our room 15 minutes early in order to check out and get out front. After waiting for the elevator for 10 minutes, we ended up carrying our baggage down the stairs (we stayed on the 6th floor!). They only had 2 small elevators available to guests. Everything else was great though!	
Aug 30 2009 	Friendly Helpful Staff Clean Hotel Close to all the attractions.	We would stay at the Essex again. Great pool for the kids and wonderful workout area for active adults. April at the front desk was great. The garage staff was very courteous and helpful. We would recommend this hotel to our friends and family.	
Aug 28 2009 	Walking distance to Millenium Park and Museum Campus-good value $	This is one of the smaller hotels on south Michigan Ave. There are swankier hotels in the area. Renovated rooms (smallish) and furniture are top shelf (very good). Hotel itself is a little tired looking but clean. Great location on the south end of Grant Park. Our south facing room had a nice view of Lake Michigan and the museums. They have a large enclosed pool on the fourth floor deck. Would be great for anyone and especially for kids. An outdoor patio on the pool deck is directly above Michigan Ave. On a nice night you could bring a bottle of wine and enjoy the sounds of the city and park below. Outdoor seating on the street level bar and restaurant too. Be warned though this location is on the far south end of the park and if you were interested in &quot;the magnificent mile&quot; shopping on north Michigan Ave you would be a mile or two away. That said this is a nice, relatively quiet end of Grant Park and the Museums are short stroll away. This is a really good value relative to other hotels in the area. The Essex Inn neon sign is an icon on the Michigan Ave streetscape. I'd stay there again without hesitation.	
Aug 24 2009	Good location	Good location on southern end of Magnificant Mile. Bus stop right outside of hotel. Rooms and corridors in particular are quite tired looking. Could do with redectoration in a more vibrant colour. Beds were comfortable but must be the smallest bathroom sink ever! Odd policy of charging a US$ 75.00 holding fee incase of any &quot;damage&quot;. Unusual in having to pay for left luggage. Didn't eat in the hotel as the bar and restaurant both lacked atmosphere. Internet use is expensive but flight check in is free although when we were there the printer did not work.	
Aug 10 2009 	Mid-range hotel charging big city prices	Great location: the hotel is situated directly opposite the city's impressive Grant Park. Alternatively, head south on foot up Michigan Avenue for 30 minutes and you'll arrive at The Magnificent Mile. Our family room was clean and well-appointed although I was disappointed there was no en suite facility. Excellent, comfortable beds. The bar and restaurant lacked atmosphere and the breakfast service was disappointing (e.g one choice of cereal, strange under-cooked hash browns). I didn't have my laptop so had to pay $6 for just 15 minutes internet access on one of the computer work stations in reception - a rip-off.	
Aug 4 2009 	Ideal hotel for visiting Chicago's attraction	My wife and I chose Chicago to celebrate our 10th anniversary. We found the Essex Inn to be far better than previous reviews. The standard room was a reasonable size with functional air conditioning, clean bathroom and comfortable twin beds.The reception staff were very helpful and always willing to offer advice. The conciege was also useful.Previous reviews had criticised the Savoy bar. We found this to be unjustified. The food was very good quality and the portioned were big. The home made soup was different each night and delicious. Breakfast was good but time it right (go early) because it can get busy. Previous reviews claimed their price to be high. Compared with other places nearby it was no better or worse.The swimming pool and surrounding area providing a perfect place to rest and relax, with a life guard on duty at all times. We didn't try the gym but it looked well equiped.The Hotel is located about 2 miles from the Wrigley building. We found this to be an advantage as it was a bit quieter and closer to Grant Park, Shedd Aquarium and Museums. There is a bus stop outside the hotel which only costs $2.25 to go downtown.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location - terrific service	We stayed one night with 3 of our grandchildren. Our plans included the aquarium and this is a wonderful hotel for access to the Museum Campus and Grant Park. We took the South Shore train from Michigan City and it was an easy walk from the 11th St./Roosevelt Rd. stop. We arrived early and our room was ready so we got to drop our bags and begin our adventure. When we returned to the hotel, our boys (aged almost 3 to 11) enjoyed the swimming pool and the outdoor deck on the 4th floor. We were close to the bus stop and also the CTA so it was a breeze to get to Navy Pier, Sears (Willis) Tower, the restaurants we wanted to go to and also a short walk to Millenneum Park. We needed more towels for the 5 of us and within minutes of calling the front desk they were delivered. We had a room on the 14th floor with a view of the Museum Campus, Bears Stadium, and Lake Michigan. There was a mini fridge and a coffeemaker in the beautifully decorated room. The beds were super comfy. It was our 3rd time staying at this hotel and we would go back in a minute.	
Jul 17 2009 	The staff is incredible great location too!	We were so impressed with the staff at the Essex Inn. They consistently went above and beyond to be helpful and welcoming. The desk staff and bell captain were able to answer any question and give suggestions for all kinds of restaurants and activities. Our maid asked each day if there was anything else we needed for our room, did we need more coffee. Even the lifeguards at the pool made us feel welcomed. The hotel is located in an excellent location for all the Chicago highlights, but without all the commercial chain stores and restaurants as further north on Michigan Ave. Very easy access to the bus and subway. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The 4th floor rooftop pool and patio were an excellent place to view the 4th of July fireworks. Grant Park is a block away and the museums are within walking distance. Overall, the Essex Inn is a wonderful place to stay!	
Jun 21 2009 	Atrium pool location and basic amenities were a real plus!	Two 10 yr. olds enjoyed the large pool in the atrium, and adults were able to bring favorite beverage in plastic glasses to tables surrounding pool. Location was central to most forms of transportation and attractions. Our 7th floor room was renovated and pleasant.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location and nice clean hotel	A very nice modern hotel with good size rooms which were very clean and comfortable. Facilities were very good, with an indoor pool. only there for two nightsbut wished it could have been more. The bar/ restaurant was very friendly, although the food wasn't anything special. Need to go further afield if you want a good meal.	
May 1 2009 	Suprisingly nice! Dont be worried about old reviews this place was redone.	I was worried when I had read some older reviews about this hotel. For the price I paid (under $100 per night!) It seemed too good to be true (or scary) when I booked it. The only other choice even close to the price was a best western, which was also concerning. But even though the outside of the hotel is a little dated, the lobby and rooms were very recently updated and comfortable. The room was not huge, but not small either. The bed was unbelieveably comfy and had nice linens instead of a nasty hotel bedspread. There was a flat screen tv, a mini fridge and a coffee maker. The ony things to note was there is either heat or AC depending on what system is on for the entire hotel, so one night we opened our window at night and closed it in the morning when it cooled down. Also the bathroom sink, although it had a nice big granite top, the basin is strangely small. This hotel was only a $5-$7cab ride to the museum, shedd aquarium and soldier field. The room rate was charged correctly and I wasn't even asked for my AAA card to get the discounted rate. If you are looking for a hilton, there is one right next door, but it is a nice respectable hotel and I was glad I rolled the dice. The best breakfast is at Yolks which 2 block south on Michigan.	
Apr 10 2009 	Did NOT honor confirmed reservation!!!	Very POOR customer service!!!! Besides refusing to honor a confired, in writting, reservation front desk told my wife that a Walgreens drug store was just 3 blocks up Michigan Ave. It was 3/4 of a mile!! With 2 small children, it was a great hardship on our whole family. We woudn't stay there again, even if it was free.	
Apr 7 2009 	Good clean hotel in good location	The Essex is in a great location overlooking Grant Park and the Lake and within walking distance to Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum etc. Not far away either is city center, magnificent mile etc. Public transport options are quite close as well. The hotel itself is clean and tidy, albeit not overly attractive. The room was quite small overall however the fittings and furniture were new and quite nice. Hotel amenities weren't too bad with onsite pool and restaurant. Service from staff wasn't outstanding but they were polite and willing to help. Overall, good value hotel in a good location.	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice	Helpful staff.Handy for all transport.Within walking distance of main locations.Overhead trains on the loop can be a bit noisy at night.Small point: Do they need to charge $1-50 to mind your bags for a few hours after check-out, whiler you kill time, before going to the airport !	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice Hotel at a good price	My family of 6 stayed at the Essex Inn last summer. Overall, it was a very nice hotel. The location on Michigan Avenue was great. Right across from Grant Park, and in walking distance from The Field Museum, the Shedd Aquarium, and other museums. The hotel has a shuttle that took us to Navy Pier and the Magnificent Mile. The employees there are generally friendly, and were very helpful in suggesting family-friendly restaurants, all which were in walking distance. We stayed in a room that had a queen bed in one room, and then 2 double beds in another room. The room was very cramped for 6 people, but we managed. Each part of the room had a big tv, but the only kids channel we could find was Disney. The bathroom was extremely small, and was very cramped. The shower was nice though. The biggest complaint I have about the room is the air-conditioning. It was extremely hard to control the air-conditioning, and it got many of us sick. The pool was good sized, and nice. However, the water was FREEZING, and it made swimming much less enjoyable. The sauna was nice though. We would spend a little bit of time in the freezing pool, and then would go heat up, and repeat the process. I really wish the pool had been warmer, but after you got used to the water, it was fun. Overall, you get a good deal. The price was great.	
Mar 18 2009 	This hotel makes me want to return to Chicago	Our visit to Chicago was at the end of Feb/beginning Mar and unfortunately we hit a cold spell. This was too bad because the Essex is in a fantastic location walking around downtown Chicago and the lake parks and museums and Navy pier etc etc.The front rooms at The Essex have an amazing view of the lake and brandt and millenium parks across the street. Our room was on the corner with complete glass front and south walls!! We had an excellent king bed with down type comforter, lots of pillows, very nice color scheme, flat screen TV and wireless internet. The bathroom is very small but also very elegant. We had a great winter getaway deal so the value for this room was unbelieveable. It is much more expensive in the high seasons. The rooms in the other parts of the hotel would not have the views of the front corners but they would still be nice. The hotel has a big pool and exercise room and shuttle service to local attractions for free - nice touch. The restarount has good food for reasonable prices. There is an irish pub across the street with good food but expensive drinks. Buddy Guys Blues club is 1/2 block with good Cajun food. There are lots of small cafes in the area and hotels with fancy eats too. i would love to stay here again and hope I can find a good deal. We walked as much as we could considering the cold weather (and we are from Saskatchewan!!) but i need to return because Chicago is an excellent destination city with lots to do. Fortunately it is easy and relatively cheap to grab a taxi to get you places in the cold and the 'L' the elevated train system, is very easy to navigate, safe and clean in the downtown area and only $2.25 a ride - a transit card would be even cheaper. The Magnificent Mile shopping area is within short walking distance as are most attractions. We went to second city comedy on the 'L' quick and easy and took a bus to watch the Blackhawks play. Also easy. the new football stadium is right across the park. Something unique - check out the stained glass museum at the Navy Pier - even the teens we saw there were impressed. It costs about $35 - $40 to take a cab 15min from the airport (with tip). At the time of evening we arrived the shuttle service was going to charge us $60 and it was going to take almost 60mins!! Don't buy a round trip on a shuttle from the airport cause it is easy and cheap to get to the airport on the 'L' from local stops or the 'metra' train from union station. If you are good with the metro then it is easy to get most places on the metro and subway.	
Mar 17 2009 	Very nice hotel.	We spent 5 nights in August and the hotel was very nice, it was in a great location near public transportation which we used every day also the pool was very nice, I thought the hotel restaurant was a little over priced and it would have been nice if they had complementary coffee and donuts in the lobby for hotel guests, but over all we enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 11 2009 	Amazing location  5 star rooms and excellent internet connection	The hotel is right on Michigan Ave. which is the main walking street in Chicago , very close walking distance to the Magnificent Mile . Walking distance from Union station and subway stations to Midawy Airport.Overall my stay was perfect. Highly recommended	
Feb 24 2009 	Wow in the city	Essex Inn is a great hotel for a good price. We were in Chicagi mid summer and the temperature was very good. But we were also glad the hotel had a pool (which had flags from all over the world above it!). And to get to Lake Michigan, you only had to cross the park. In this park is also the Buckingham Fountain from the tune of Married with Children. The people at the hotel are helpful and very nice. The Essex Inn is close to a stop of the hop-on-hop-off bus. The subway is a few minutes walk.It's not IN the city centre, but you got the city feeling when you step outside.	
Feb 22 2009 	great time in chicago	my 9 yr old son and I went to chicago for a fun weekend, one must to my son was a pool, I wanted to be downtown near the sights. We found the pool to be very clean and the temperature good, the room was clean and comfortable, the staff very friendly and helpful to both my son and myself, directing us to good food and fun sights, my son said that he wants to come to Chicago often and he feels the only place to stay is at the essex inn. I feel for the price there is not a better choice of lodging in the city.	
Feb 16 2009 	Terrible terrible	This is truly a terrible hotel; only the price and location are good about it. The management is not at all responsive to guests' needs (I was at the front of a long line of guests waiting to check out while the guy behind the desk fumbled on the telephone for several minutes). The room was not cleaned entirely from the previous guests (an old plastic glass of water, used conditioner), a guy who ostensibly worked for the hotel barged into our room to &quot;check if our telephone book was up to date&quot; even though we told him we did not need the phone book, the room was not cleaned until five pm just when I wanted to relax after a long day. Really I could go on. Deeply disappointing.	
Feb 15 2009 	The Worst!	This is the worst hotel I've stayed in in a long time. It's not because of the rooms necessarily, but the service. None of the hotel staff has any idea what customer service means. It's like they are instructed to say no to every customer problem or request. Also, the rooms were not very clean. In my room, for example, they didn't change the shampoo and conditioner after the last person left. I know because it was only 1/4 full. I will never stay here again. I advise you not to either.	
Feb 13 2009 	Very Poor Management! Will Never Stay There Again	We stayed at the Essex Inn Feb 8th and 9th for a Cheer Competition at McCormick Center. We booked through Expedia. After a long afternoon with thirty 10 and 11 year olds we were looking forward to a swim. They girls were so excited to go to the pool only to find out that the pool was inoperable. The temperature of the pool was 57 degrees. You could barely stick your foot in let alone swim and there is no hot tub! The girls were so disappointed. We called the front desk when we got back to our room to complain. At no point did they inform us that there were issues with the pool. We called 3 days prior to check in - no mention of a broken pool. No mention of a broken pool at check in. Management informed us that there was a sign posted at the front desk but at no time could we locate that &quot;so called&quot; note. Managment refused to offer any compensation for their issue!! Continued to say there was nothing they could do. I advised managment there was plenty they could offer......reduction in rate, another night stay another time, discounted parking (which we paid $37). Once again......he stated there was nothing they could do. I got the name of another manager thinking maybe if we called and talked to someone higher up after we returned that SOMEONE would do something. Called first thing Monday morning talked to the superior, Erik, same statement....there is nothing they can do. Continuing complaint he said he would look into it and call back. No return call yet. Tried to call him on Tuesday - he was out of the office for the day. Tried Weds. left a message. It is now Friday and still no return call!BEWARE of the ESSEX INN! They do not take responsibility or offer compensation in any way when the issues are their fault.VERY POOR MANAGEMENt! WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!	
Feb 4 2009 	Nice but Management NOT flexible	2 PROBLEMS1) One of our party got sick and we wanted to delay our trip another week or two (we had made reservations 2 weeks in advance). Hotels.com would not let us change. I called the Essex and they would not change.2) When we got to the Essex, they gave us a one bed room. Our receipt from Hotels.com says &quot;2 Adults, 2 Children Standard Room/2 double&quot;.The staff and management would not find a double room for us, did not apologize, did not offer money back and put the entire blame on Hotels.com.Hotel was nice, but we were NOT happy that the 4 of us had to stay in a 1 bed room.	
Jan 13 2009	essex inn is great	We when in oct for the Bears game the package is a most. We had geat seats. It wasn't to far of a walk we had great weather.The rooms were nice. We got a suit with a view of the park very nice.We didn't swim in the pool but it was nice size. The front desk was very helpful when we had question about the area. I would stay here anytime and I plan to come back.	
Jan 9 2009	Great Place for visiting the Museum Campus	We stayed at the Chicago's Essex Inn October 23 - 25, 2008. It was a great location for what we had planned. The rooms were clean and recently renovated. No complaints. We had room service one evening and the food was good. We swam in the indoor pool and it was very clean and the water was warm. There is a lifeguard on duty. Grant Park is directly across the street from the hotel. From there we were able to walk to Millennium Park. I highly recommed Millennium Park to see the huge &quot;Bean&quot;. Our trip mainly consisted of visiting the museum campus. We highly recommend purchasing the City Pass if you want to do the museums. Huge savings! We drove to The Museum of Science and Industry which is just a few miles south of the hotel. If you want to take advantage of free parking, do not go into the parking garage which is located under the front entrance. Drive past the museum on Lake Shore Drive and you will see an entrance into the Science Center. Park here! It saved us $15. The museum is great and plan on spending the entire day. The U-5 Sub is a must see along with the tour. The Baby Chick Hatchery is fun to watch too! They also had live science experiments happening throughout the museum. The Hancock Observatory was fun. With the city pass, it offers an audio tour of the city. They offer one for adults and children. Our 10 year old daughter really enjoyed it. Adler Planetarium was nice, but it won't take the entire day. At least we did not think so.Shedd Aquarium was also nice. When we were there, the Oceanarium was closed for renovations. With that being closed we did not use up an entire day either. However, when that reopens, I'm sure it will be very nice. When we went to the Adler Planetarium an Shedd's Aquarium we took a taxi as it would have cost us the same to take the car in/out (with tipping), plus parking at the museums. We also visited The American Girl store at Watertower. Very nice and we had dinner too. It's expensive, but our daughter enjoyed it and the food was good.We ate at Ed Debevic's, fun place to go.All and all, we had a great time and felt like we got the most for our money.	
Jan 8 2009 	Very happy with Essex	The Essex Inn provided very pleasant accomodation in a good location. We were there at Christmas time and the foyer was very inviting with a most pleasing cinnamon and cloves potpouri in the air. The rooms were very clean with lovely fresh white bed linen and towels. Fridge and coffee maker were available which was good. The bathroom was very clean with neutral tones and a good shower head. Pictures posted on the internet were exact, no hidden nasties. Our initial room was located near the lift which was not ideal but management were more than happy to move us. A little train noise at night from the EL may irritate the traveller who requires complete quiet for sleeping. Pool and gym facilities good and well maintained. All staff very happy to obligeGood bus service down to Magnificent Mile,close to many wonderful galleries and concert venues, Grant Park ,Millenium Park and lots more. Wouldn,t hesitate to stay again. Only negative was the rather slow lifts.	
Dec 12 2008	Great for Conferences @ HIlton	I attended a conference at the Hilton literally 500 ft away and couldn't be happier to pay a lot less with decent room and service. I'd definitely stay again	
Dec 11 2008 	Nice Hotel	Stayed in this hotel over Thanksgiving 2008 for 5 nights. Due to a lack of [or incorrect] communication between themselves and the online booking site, the triple room that we booked had only 2 beds [I had specifically asked for 3 and even paid extra to 'upgrade' from twin to triple] so we paid [again!] to upgrate to one of their junior suites. I was going to pay for the wireless internet, but this came free with this room - and the service/connection was excellent. The rooms were lovely, nice views [although disappointingly in our room, to the side of the hotel and not the front] Very clean, although the bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen in a hotel!!!!! I was on the pull out couch and all that was supplied as bedding here was one thin nylon blanket - it was sufficient and I guess they would have given me more if I had asked. Reception was very helpful in recommendations on things to do and also recommended a restaurant to us one night in Chinatown which turned out to be really nice. We ate breakfast in their little diner every morning of our stay. The food was lovely and the menu quite extensive and reasonable. We met about 4/5 of the diner staff. 3 of them were lovely and chatty and the other 2 were really grumpy!!The location is fine, in terms of its proximity to the city centre - the views of the lake and park make up for the fact that were were not bang in the middle of the city. It's very handy for the aquarium, the park and the lakeshore. Also number 6 bus stop on the Tour Bus route is right outside the door. The only negative thing I would say is there are a lot of people hanging around the area that will come up to you looking for money, so as long as you don't loiter around the front of the hotel you will be fine!!!	
Nov 25 2008 	STAY AWAY	I stayed here as part of a package deal. The location was good, but the customer service was horrible. On 11/21/08, our first night there, the people in the room next to us were extremely loud. It was about 11:30 p.m., and I figured it would settle down eventually. It soon turned into a party, with lots of people yelling, swearing (lots of the F word), and being really loud. I called the Front Desk to ask if someone could ask them to please quiet down. When I explained the situation, the employee said to me, &quot;Well, it IS a Friday night&quot; and promptly hung up. I was outraged. Don't all guests have the right to a peaceful night's sleep? Can I act obnoxious and loud if I want to, and if people complain, just say, &quot;Well, it IS the weekend?&quot; Ugh. The room next to us continued to get louder and louder (which I didn't think was possible) so I called again, preparing for the same response. Another person answered, and said he'd send someone up. About 30 minutes later, they did quiet down. I just felt that the situation should have been handled differently. Good luck if you stay here!	
Nov 21 2008 	Good Try!!	Stayed at the Essex Inn for 3 nights in November. The hotel is much smaller than most of the other hotels in Chicago, but dont let this put you off. The hotel although small has loads to offer including: pool and gym, bar, restaurant, business/media centre. My room at the hotel was OK in size with 2 double beds, HD TV, phone and tea &amp; coffee making equipment, the bathroom was very small but had a good power shower. Drinks and breakfast at the hotel were a reasonable price and reasonable quality. Location was good if you are more into tourist attractions, museums, aquarium and football stadium, but is some way from the main shopping area for Macy's &amp; Bloomingdales. I would slightly mark this hotel down on the staff who weren't rude but not overly friendly. Overall a pleasant but not fantastic experience at the Essex Inn. Chicago is a fantastic city and will return one day but maybe I will try a different hotel...	
Nov 15 2008 	very clean nice rooms friendly staff	I stayed at the Essex Inn for 1 night on November 9th 2008 after leaving my previous Chicago hotel which had became fully booked (which is in another review on here) overnight before I had to go back to the airport for my flight home.I found the Essex Inn to have very friendly staff,The hotel itself wasnt much to look at from the outside but inside it was very clean with lots of facilities,Gym,Pool,vending machines,Wireless internet throughout and a business center.My room was 1216 on the 12th floor and it was very clean,Very spacious and had a huge floor to ceiling window which looked out across Grant/Milenium Park over Lake Michigan which was incredible.I had a huge flat screen tv with too many cable tv channels to count which was great and a bed that could probably have fit 4,as well as a large bathroom with the bath/shower combination,nice handbasin area and all of the usual hotel amenties hairdryer,iron,shampoo,conditioner,tea/coffee facilities etc.The only thing i would say about this hotel is that for a solo traveller like myself its quite a isolated area for the hotel as its not near the main attractions and at night it can become quite a shady area as its near the empty park and the elevated railroad passings which tends to host a lot of shady looking people,lots of homeless waiting around the corners to ask you for money and a few hustlers.Now by no means dont let that put you off of going there as the most of them are harmless and will ignore you if you leave them alone but for maybe a solo female(s) or younger guests it may be something that would make you feel uncomfortable but the solution to this would be if you are going from uptown to the hotel in the evenings maybe to take a cab or stay on Michigan avenue to the south end of it where its more populated before you turn into the hotel rather than taking the backstreets near the railroad.Overall I would recommend this hotel and stay there again as it was a very good hotel with value for money and everything that i could of asked for.I would recommend it to everyone but with the added fact that solo travellers like myself especially for young solo female travellers to plan how you will get to and from the hotel before you actually go out to avoid any unwanted encounters.	
Nov 10 2008 	great stay	We stayed at the Essex for 4 nights starting on the 01 Nov, I thought it great value for money. The rooms were very clean and promptly cleaned each day, the decour was modern and bright. The bathroom was on the small side but more than adequate, I appreciate that for all you Americans reading this that you have large bathrooms, coming from England we have very small bathrooms so we tend not to think about these things !!!!!The location was good with shops and restaurants in the near vicinity, Millers Pub ( on wabash street near Macy's ) was an absolute must, just go you won't be disapointed, the ribs were great and the hellavaburger ( 10oz ) was one of the best i have ever had and all reasonably priced. Beer was $4 whereas Kitty O Sheas was around $9On a food note, don't eat at Kitty O Sheas (situated in the Hilton ) next door to the Essex, the food was very poor and overpriced.Chicago is a wonderful city and great to look around, we felt very safe even late at night. We found everybody to be polite and very friendly, forget New York, go to chicago !!Lastly i have to mention the food tour offered by food planet ( i think ) it was supherb and took us to areas we would never have gone to, well worth it.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nice Michigan Ave hotel	We were attending a conference @ the Hilton, and chose to stay at the Essex next door. The rooms were 1/2 the price of the Hilton, and we only had to step out the door, and cross the road to go into the convention.The rooms were very nice, clean and stylish. The bedding was soft, and each bed had individual reading lights. I'm a reader, and my roommate liked to go to bed early, so this was perfect.The pool area was nice, but the room and water were a little too cool for my taste. The workout room was very large with nice equipment.The staff were all friendly and accomodating. They certainly set the tone for a nice stay. Make sure you try the nachos in the bar!! They were recommended by Irene, and were a surprising treat! The chocolate fudge cake also did not disappoint. Al in all, I was very pleased and would certainly stay here again.	
Oct 31 2008 	So So	I wasn't overly impressed. The room wasn't the greatest in size and the view wasn't what I would have expected to pay for. The staff wasn't overly friendly either. I got a good nights sleep, and that may be all that matters. I would go back if the price was right, but won't be seeking it out.	
Oct 15 2008 	A Pleasant Overnight at the Essex	My daughter and I stayed overnight at the Essex for a trip to the American Girl Place. Our total bill, including valet parking, was about $160. For downtown Chicago, I would call this a very good value. The desk service was friendly and efficient. The room, recently refurbished, was clean and fresh. The bed was very, very comfy. Overall, the room was a little on the small side - I'd call it compact - the bathroom had a shower only and one of those teeny sinks. There was a flat screen TV but no pay-per-view. The pool was a real standout - a large indoor pool, glassed in, with plantings outside - on the fourth floor. Big, warm, clean pool. Nice-looking workout area adjacent. Sunny, with lots of deck chairs, a magazine rack, chess set, etc. Teeny towels, though!Only negative - the free shuttle never showed up and we had to make a mad dash for our &quot;tea&quot; appointment. Taxi fare to the AG place was less than $10 including tip.	
Oct 9 2008 	If you get it cheap its a nice bit of luxury.	stayed a few nights at this hotel over the period of a week. Very nice rooms bathrooms felt luxurious and rooms were very clean, beds were very comfortable. gym and pool on site was sufficiently equipped for a gentle workout. lobby area a little bit outdated.Valet parking was reasonable for a centre of town location in comparison to other areas of town.Overall very nice hotel and worth a stay.	
Oct 3 2008 	Don't waste your money	I have just returned from Chicago and stayed in this terrible hotel. When I received the booking and looked at the price, I thought that it would be a good hotel. On the contrary, this is one of the worst hotel I have ever stayed with. The bathroom is so small, that you can barely fit in it. I am a small size person and even I had trouble using bathroom, so I can imagine what will happen to the big people. There is no heat or airconditioning in the hotel. They just want to make you fool by turning on fans which blow the outside air. It was quite chilly (upper 40s) and room was freezing. When I called front desk, they said that heating is not ON yet and they can send me blankets, if I want. Obviously the issue was for the time when one is not in the bed. Next morning room cleaning service showed up at 8:30 in the morning. Never happened in any of the other places I have stayed in.Rooms are too noisy and you can hear the voice of television from adjacent room. Please do not waste your money on this creepy hotel.	
Sep 30 2008	Nice choice	Large room with very comfortable beds and good quality linen. We found staff very friendly. Food portions in linked 'cafe' were huge and freshly cooked. Great location for the waterside marinas and centre of town. Luggage could be left after check out in locked room for only 50c per item which was helpful. Lovely pool too.Chicago was great...we were passing through to catch the Amtrak to San Francisco...wish we had longer.	
Sep 27 2008 	Good Location	The Hotel had a good location opposite Grant Park and 10 mins walk to Millenium Park and the Magnificent Mile (Shopping Area), apart from that we thought the Hotel Staff could have been a bit more Helpful, and the Hotel Barman was a bit too interested in the Sport on TV than serving Customers, however the Room was Clean and Towels Changed Daily.	
Sep 14 2008 	A great location for all of Chicago's attractions	We stayed at the Essex Inn for four nights, and found it to be an excellent location to walk to most of Chicago's sites. The room was spacious and clean, and had a good view over Lake Michigan. There was a large flat screen TV in the room, as well as a radio alarm which could be connected to your ipod. There was a large roof-top covered pool, and friendly and helpful staff. There was a bar/restaurant on the ground floor, but we didn't use it. Overall really good value and a great location.	
Aug 30 2008 	Decent Hotel	Essex Inn is a great hotel with a decent room and nice family pool. It is right in front of grant park and downtown chicago (most of the sights are here) is about a one to two mile walk away. it is close to the magnificent mile, john hancock, navy pier and all the sights in this area. there is also a metro nearby for any ou of town trips you may want to make. the hotel is pretty good with a computerised but limited concierge and free internet in the business room only. (through an ethernet cable). the pool area was used alot by families.I would probably stay on the other end on michigan avenue next time but in general the hotel is pretty good and is good location wise, if you are prepared to walk a few miles in the day.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Value	Stayed here two nights in August. This is a really nice hotel in a great location. Across the street from Grant Park, next door to the Hilton (which charges twice as much). The room was nice, good size, modern, clean, nice furniture. Attractive lobby. Wi fi in your room for $5.95 a day. Right on the bus line. I would highly recommend this hotel as a reasonably priced hotel option in Chicago. My daughter now lives in Chicago (in a small apartment) and I plan to stay here whenever I visit.	
Aug 25 2008 	Fantastic Hotel its a must stay!	The Chicago Essex inn was a fantastic hotel to stay in. We had a recently re-decorated room on the surrealist floor 6th. We both could not fault any part of the hotel, from the reservation staff to the waiter we had in the hotel restaurant. The staff made us feel welcome and helped us find our way around Chicago. Thanks must go to Chris on the Front desk who was very helpfull. I will definatley be staying there again.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Deal at the Essex	We did a Chicago Bears Football/hotel package. Preseason game tickets, one night's staty at the hotel and hotel parking were included. This was really a great deal!The room was very clean, nicely updated, but it was very small. The bathroom in particular was teeny tiny. However, if like us, you just planned to sleep in the room, it was perfect for the price we paid for the package. We stayed Aug 21-22 and we didn't see any union picketers.We were able to walk to Soldier Field to the game using the path. We ate dinner at the hotel restaurant because we were short on time. The food was delicious. The surroundings were kind of dumpy and out dated. For breakfast we walked a few blocks down Michigan Avenue to Yolk and we had a fantastic breakfast. Yolk is a new trendy restaurant that had great food!	
Aug 20 2008	Better than expected	We were not sure what to expect as we had read some mixed reviews about the hotel, we were pleasantly surprised the rooms were of good quality the only issue we had was we had a young family next door and the children and parents held loud conversations from 6.30am in the morning and the walls were not soundproof.We used the do not disturb sign so we were not disturbed by the maids, one day although the maid came in the room and topped up the tea/coffee she did not make the bed but not really a big deal.Location was great, very good public transport links as well as the hotel shuttle which we did not use. We had breakfast in the hotel plus one evening meal all of which were good, the staff were also very friendly.	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at the Essex Inn in Chicago for a baseball series at U.S. Cellular Field. I loved everything about this hotel. We arrived later that evening and check in was smooth. The hotel was recently renovated and our floor was decorated in a contemporary art design. The bed was very comfortable and the down comforter was an added bonus. We had a flat screen TV in the bedroom and the sitting room, which was also nice. The refrigerator was large and we had no problems with it. The pool area was nice and there is an outside deck that is decorated beautifully with live plants and gives an awesome view of Chicago. Grant Park is right across the street and makes for a nice view. We were within 2 blocks of an El connection and within a few blocks of a free trolley stop. My only problem with the Essex Inn was how small the bathroom was. It was tiny and left little room to move in, but it was nice and decorated elegantly. The shower is very loud and the tub drained slowly, but we had no problems with it. We had a really good experience and if I ever return to Chicago, I will definately stay at the Essex Inn. It gives a great room for a great value (especially in Chicago).	
Aug 11 2008 	Very Disappointed	I booked a package room+sears tower tickets+1parking night. The room was nice, very clean and great view on the lake.However, we had several problems during our stay. First of all, the airline lost our luggage. Eventhough I left a note at the front desk, when they came to the hotel to delivery, the person at the front desk told them that we had checked out. So the luggage was sent back to the airport. We had to check out (for real) the next day, but the luggage shown up at 6pm. Hence, we have lost one entire day of our trip (we were supposed to drive out of the city this day) and we had to get upset to get the extra parking fee waived.Because we had limited clothing, we gave couples of items to the laundry service. I had to go downstairs twice to get my laundry. Each time they told me &quot;it's coming in 5min, I will drop it to your room&quot;. Tired of waiting, we went out. No laundry we we get back from diner. I went to the front desk the next morning, they delivery our laundry to another room!!! I must tell that everytime I talked to somebody, I mentionned our room number...Other than that, the bellmen were very helpful and gave us plenty of tips on the city. Also, the hotel has a complimetary shuttle that runs on Michigan avenue. It is very convenient as the hotel is located south of downtown.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great Room! Great Price! Stay Here!	This hotel was great. The room was very clean. The only issue I had was that the maid service starts knocking on doors at about 8AM!! She was my wake-up call, like clock work. So if you planned on sleeping in, make sure you have your do not disturb plackard on the door.I read one review about the sink being small. It was but seriously... how big of a sink do you REALLY need? You aren't bathing in it. It serves its purpose. Should not be a sticking point. The bed was confortable and the comforter was fluffy, and the new flat screen tv was an awesome touch.The elevator was a bit on the slow side, so during the height of the morning rush you may want to keep that in mind.The location was nice. you aren't very far from museums, and attractions. It was a $5-6 cab ride from the hotel to the Sheraton near the river if you need a reference.I would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 29 2008 	Good hotel nice rooms	We stayed at the Essex Inn on 20th July for two nights having just arrived from the UK. The hotel is on Michigan Avenue on the opposite corner to the Hilton. Hotel pool was nice but extremely cold. We didn't eat in the hotel but had breakfast at Yolk ... a great place for breakfast and highly recommend it. Hackney's is a restaurant a couple of blocks away and was excellent american/mexican food...family friendly.The hotel has a courtesy bus which will run you down town to the shopping district. You wait for it in the lobby. We were first there waiting with some friends and gradually the lobby filled up. Some people, unbeknown to us, had gone outside the hotel so when the bus arrived... they all filled it up with no space left for others who had waited for about 45 mins! Hotel should be clearer about where the bus picks up from and what the queuing set up is or first come first served basis.We had prepaid for this hotel through Trailfinders in the UK but they still put a $75 7-day hold on our credit card which is now on it's 8th day and it is still on there. Had to email them to remove it.Be sure when you check out of American hotels that you get a hard copy of your bill. Three times now on this trip across America, hotels have overcharged our card and I have had to chase them to re-credit our card. One of the hotels was the Hilton!We walked from the Essex to downtown Chicago having missed the bus and actually it was a delight with beautiful architecture, parks... etc., Millenium Park is great and has a water fountain where the kids can put on their swimming gear and run about in the water jets which come out of animated towers. American Girl Store is a must for any young girl and Hersheys Chocolate was good too.	
Jul 25 2008 	very good deal	got a broadway package deal with hotel and tickets for wicked. beautiful location on michigan ave opposite Grant Park, right on the lake. the room was nice and the pool area was very nice.	
Jul 18 2008 	The Lobby Bar is just like Cheers....Everyone knows your name!	First things first....Say hi to Ilene at the bar in the lobby! She will remember your name for years to come. I swear, this is the friendliest place I've ever been to. Lots of repeat guests. That's a good sign, right?My husband and I stayed there in March over St. Patrick's Day. I was there for bussiness and my hubby tagged along. The hotel was decent. We stayed in one of the older rooms but they were in the middle of remodeling and were told that the newer rooms were fantastic. Regardless, the rooms were clean and the beds comfy. The location of the hotel wasn't bad either. We walked everywhere, but we're pretty active and like the walk. When the weather got bad (snow!!!), we took a cab.Make sure to take one night to eat at Geja's, a fondue restaurant. It was a great experience! Later on head over to Kingston Mines. Best blues bar ever! The performers were top notch. We truly had a great first visit to Chicago. Hopefully the first of many.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed here on recommendation of Trailfinders. They were right - good value, staff helpful and free shuttles downtown and to museums. Very convenient for Grant Park. Easy to get shuttles to/from airport.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great hotel excellent location	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay. We were here for 4 nights (8th - 12th) and the hotel is in a great location for exploring Chicago. We walked to the museums and Navy Pier. Grant Park was wonderful. The hotel staff were really friendly from the housekeeping staff, the front desk staff and the bellhops - particularly helpful. The view from the pool area across Grant Park to Lake Michigan were fabulous. The rooms were clean, comfortable and serviced every day. The Savoy Grill attached to the hotel was good for breakfast and the bar staff really friendly.	
Jun 18 2008 	good hotel top class	having just stayed here it is an excellent hotel for chicago offers shuttle bus to all places on the navy pier and michigan avenue only thing bus starts at 10 am and finishes at 6 pm also you can get the free schuttle from may to sep just near hotel hotel itself very clean with rooms completed each day room size good hotel staff very helpfull	
Jun 7 2008 	I Loved It	The Essex is a great hotel. My husband, me , and two of our friends decided to go to Chicago and used Priceline to do so. We booked a hotel called Econo Lodge. From the description on the internet it seemed fine,but when we got there it was under construction and was nasty. We called around for hours looking for another hotel when the hotel was not willing to work with us and refund our money. Thats when we finally found the Essex Inn. They were more than willing to help us and put us up for the remainder of our stay. We loved it there. The rooms were perfect.If we ever go back to Chicagowe will for sure stay at the Essex Inn.	
Jun 1 2008	A lot better than I expected	This was my first hotel out of six I stayed in during my US holiday tour. I read some of the reviews on this site before I left and was not looking forward to the stay. I stayed in the hotel for two nights. My room was on the 12th floor, overlooking the light terracotta painted building to the left of the hotel (when you are looking at the hotel head on). I loved the flat panel TV and the beds were nice and comfortable without being too firm. The bathroom was of a good size with plenty of room to put your toiletries and to dry yourself in. Plus there was the sink vanity unit outside the bathroom, so one can use the shower whilst the other dries their hair etc.The only downer was the outdated decor in the lobby area. I think getting rid of the mid 1980s carpet and the leather and chrome furniture is a must. From seeing the older photos, I can see the rooms have been refurbished and chances are the lobby will be done at a later date.	
May 20 2008 	Undergoing renovation when I was there	This is a decent hotel to stay at if you're working on a budget but want to avoid any of the Comfort Inn et. al. chains. When we stayed there in Mar. 08, the foyer reception area was undergoing renovations. It's quite small hotel (if I remember correctly, there were 12 floors or so). The rooms are much more updated and cozy than the hallways (which are decorated in a dated art deco'ish style) would indicate. The front desk and parking service was slightly incompetent. Upon arriving, the receptionist ask if we wanted two beds or one. When I said, &quot;two beds,&quot; she then replied, &quot;Oh sorry, we don't have any rooms with two beds.&quot; Then there were a couple of incidents with a parking attendant (who was still being trained I think) who had misplaced our parking stub, and neglected to record which parking space/building our car was in, so that his associate had to comb through both to find it. Other than those unpleasantries, however, I would still by large recommend it to young travellers, looking for a convenient location (great if you didn't bring a car).	
May 12 2008	Much better than expected!	I booked a room for a Saturday night stay in Chicago, and was pleasantly surprised when I arrived to our room. We were on the ninth floor, and the room was very recently renovated. Nice comfortable bed, large 32&quot; flat panel TV, and granite and tile in the bathroom.I was able to get a very good rate for this room, and this location is convenient to Grant Park, the museums, aquarium, etc. and is only a 15 minute walk from the much more expensive Magnificent Mile area.The only cons on the place were that the elevators were a little slow in coming once you hit the button, and the sink in the bathroom was very small.Parking - I didn't park at the garage behind the hotel, but there are multiple surface lots within a block of the hotel. You can also park on the street if you can find a spot, metered parking until 9 PM on Saturdays, then FREE all day Sunday!Bottom line, if you are looking for a comfortable hotel at a very reasonable price, this hotel fits the bill. I would stay here again in a second.	
May 11 2008 	We loved the view!	We stayed in a king suite. Lovely room with a spectacular view! The corner living room was comfortable and again, that fab view! Tinsy, tiny bathroom, but it functioned well.The downside? Foam rubber pillows. We asked about down pillows and were told by the bellboy that he would check, but he didn't check. We also asked for a wake-up call on our last morning for 4:20 a.m. to catch an early morning plane. Fortunately I had set the alarm because the wake-up call never happened.	
Apr 10 2008 	Fantastic value	Arriving very late we got a warm welcome and an upgrade to a suite. The beds were comfortable and whilst certain elements of the hotel are dated, it was clean and had good facilities. The swimming pool was good - a good temperature despite the minus 15 degrees outside and there was a sauna too.The location isn't bad as it is right next door to the hilton which means taxis are very easy to get.We had lunch at the hotel's restaurant and this was very reasonable.Overall, a very good value stay, with well appointed, comfortable and clean rooms.	
Apr 7 2008	I'd look elsewhere	Although it was not imposed, the $50 fee to leave early is ridiculous. My plane arrived late and it was only when I arrived at 11pm that they disclosed this. My rate was going to nearly triple (which i did know in advance). It seems like they cater to tour groups.Noise from the hallway was disturbing, and housekeeping knocked at 8:20am.The location is near the Loop but south of most of the city's offerings. Not fatal, but not ideal. There isn't much in the way of restaurants, etc. nearby, though there are some attractions. There is a fee for wireless ($6 or 7). The sink was miniscule -- too small to refill a water bottle. Water pressure was weak. The tub was chipped and had a smudge -- not sure what caused that.The shuttle only runs 1/hour.I fared better at the Hampton Inn -- paid a bit more, but it was worth it.	
Feb 29 2008	Love The Essex Inn!!!!	Our youth group (from Kentucky) drives to Chicago every year work at an area shelter. We look forward to staying at the Essex. It is a little expensive. The weekends are quite a bit extra and since the kids have to raise money for the trip and can't afford the weekend rate, we leave on Friday. We have been staying there for several years. The kids love the pool and the lifeguard is a plus. The rooms are small, but are very clean. The staff has been nothing but GREAT to our group. That's not always easy when there are several kids involved. We had one gentleman go out of his way to help one of our youth. Our group won't forget that. It makes you appreciate the staff so much. I would recommend the Essex to anyone.	
Feb 21 2008 	Don't be fooled!	The price of $69 seemed like a steal until wrong charges showed up on charge card after check-out. Front office manager did not return multiple messages and general manager always &quot;unavailable.&quot; Room was strictly Motel 6 and not what I was promised, despite 2 calls directly to front desk before check-in. Staff talked down to us and treated us like we couldn't even read (we have PhDs). Frankly, I am surprised they are still in business with such classic intimidation and bait and switch tactics. Not worth the risk with other quality lodging in the area.	
Jan 20 2008 	The Ice Box	We (my family of 4 and three grandparents) booked three rooms at the Essex based on a Sun Times article about places to go with kids. We arrived early, so the front desk said they would block off an adjoining suite for us. We returned later only to learn that there were not any adjoining suites available, so clearly they had given the suite to someone else (though they didn't admit this, and went through many failed excuses as to why there were not any adjoining suites available). We were stuck with a corner suite that wasn't really a suite, because the room we wanted to use for gathering had another full bed; there wasn't a couch or table. The weather was sub-zero, and one room in the suite was unusable because of the cold. Luckily we had the three beds, as there was plenty of bedding to block out the cold draft that was pouring into the other room in the suite. We ran into a couple who stayed in our suite the prior night, and they said they were given a new room after a bottle of water left near the window froze.The pool area we hoped to enjoy with the kids was too cold (not the water, but the room itself). In the morning, there wasn't any hot water. When I left, we complained, and without any apologies or much of an acknowledgment, were given a $40.00 discount, which was hardly adequate, as we had to move my grandparents and kids around to avoid the ice box room. Now I understand that old hotels can have problems in severe whether, but the lack or concern from management is why I will not be returning. I should note that we enjoyed all of the staff at the Essex other than the two managers, the one who lied about giving our adjoining suite away and the one that gave us the $40.00 discount on our 229$ suite. It is amazing that such upbeat friendly staff (the bell hop/concierge, cleaning staff, other desk workers) could work for managers with such poor customer service skills.	
Jan 8 2008 	Overall good experience	The Essex Inn is not the Hilton (teasingly located next door), but it's more than adequate. I stayed for 4 nights in early January. The room was a little shabby, but clean, and the heat worked like a charm. You could tell that the place was once stylish, and actually, they're starting to renovate the whole hotel, from the top down. Also, the amenities were great: free, empty, and well-stocked gym, helpful staff, in-house restaurant, and spectacular location. You're right in the Loop, which at this price point is a rarity. I used Yelp to find local restaurants and cafes before I went, and was amazed by the food. Cons: (1) bathroom facilities were clearly old, and (2) wireless internet signal strength depended on where I was sitting and cost $6/day.	
Jan 2 2008 	Very disappointed	I am very disappointed about this hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed here on December 29th, 2007 and it was discusting. The rooms were not as clean as what we would have liked. We were not told about any of the amenities. The desk clerks were very unhelpful and rude. The sounds from out side were like we were sleeping right on the street. Istress not to stay here.	
Jan 1 2008	"Atrocious"	I'm not sure who's writing the previous reviews, but even if youve just experienced motels, I am sure you would find this &quot;inn&quot; horrible. Location I guess is everything and it the only thing going for this hotel. I paid an outrageous amount for what appears to be an old half-way hotel with a new coat of paint. The picture of the pool that is shown on the website must have been taken when they first open (in 1800's). My shower provided warmer water that the pool. The rooms were small and filthy. The carpet had so many stains it was had to differentiate what was carpet and which were stains. This hotel sinks!	
Dec 18 2007 	Superb Value for Money	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Chicago's Essex Inn Hotel, was a bit wary having read some reviews but I'm not sure who submitted these as I couldn't fault the hotel for anything. Rooms were exactly as described and as shown on their website.Beds were clean and extremely comfortable. Would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a value for money hotel that really fits the bill.Hotel restaurant was good value and good food. Rooms cleaned to a high standard each day.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great location	This hotel is in a great location ,right on Grant Park. The reception/foyer area is small but tidy. The staff helpful enough. The room was small but clean, in fact the designer of the room is to congratulated. How he got a shower with bath, toilet and sink in such a small are is amazing!!!!!The hotel does however need a complete refurb as it is very tired BUT it would not be as well priced then.The bar has a good atmosphere and the restaurant is OK but there are better and cheaper within a 20 minute walk. The waiting staff in the evening were fine but I think they scoured Chicago to find the Rudest, Most Miserable, Most unhelpful people in the city to set you up fo the day on the morning shift.Overall it is good value but if the hotel itself is important to you look elsewher.If you fly out of terminal 5 at O'Hare airport you need to be aware that there is NO food available once you have gone through security.	
Dec 14 2007 	NiceClean Budget Hotel	I was pleasantly surprised when my girlfriends and I booked this hotel for a weekend in Chicago. It is south of the Chicago Institute of Art, across the street from Grant Park. The area has become nicer (more restaurants and activity) since Millenium Park opened. You still are a long way from shopping at Michigan Ave, but they have a shuttle that takes you uptown to the Hancock building every hour and returns on the half hour. You can always catch the bus ($2.00) or take a cab. My friend said they also have a shuttle that goes to the different museums,aquarium, planetarium area and it's really close to Soldier Field for the football games. The room was adequate with nice beds and linens, decor is nothing special ,but it is clean and the staff is very nice. Parking in their garage is $30.00/per day. For the price you can't beat it if you are not looking for a lot of ambiance. It has a large pool with a lifeguard on duty and fitness center,which we didn't use but took a look at. They were also offering free gift wrapping for Christmas. They have a good and inexpensive restaurant,by Chicago prices, where we ate breakfast one morning.	
Dec 8 2007	Reservation problem	I booked my room on July 7. When we arrived at 4:00 on November 6 we were told that the room wasn't ready. We returned an hour later and were told that there were no more non-smoking rooms available. I had to get nasty and insist on a room before they &quot;found&quot; one. Instead of the 2 double beds I had reserved we had a king and a pull-out couch--not what I had reserved! There was no information in the room about the restaurant, pool hours, area attractions, etc. On the positive side, we enjoyed the restaurant. The food was good and very reasonably priced. Good service, too. Nice pool.	
Dec 8 2007 	Good location	Nothing special but an excellent base from which to do all the sights and shopping! Hotel provides free shuttle to main shopping areas and some of the sights. Stayed for 3 nights with a standard room for 4 people, 2 double beds, only good if you are small people which did us just fine. overall great hotel for a few nights!	
Dec 4 2007 	Great value clean and comfortable	We went to Chicago for a play and shopping. The Essex was clean and comfortable. They have a shuttle that ran on the hour to take you to the Magnificent Mile (it only holds 14 people, so make sure you are there a little ahead of it's departure time to make sure you get a seat). It is an easy walk (about 1 mile) to the theater district. Front desk staff was courteous and helpful. We booked a &quot;shopping package&quot; with the hotel that included all taxes AND valet parking - great deal. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 30 2007 	Nice enough but gettin' old!	Stayed here for three nights at the begining of Nov for a long weekend. Lobby Ok but not a great design as check-in desk in 'back' corridor, thus 3 people created a big queue! Staff were friendly and helpful though.We had been upgraded to a king suite so room spacious with a good view of the park. The decor and the fixtures are all way past their best (was brown ever at its best?). Couple of bulbs were out in the lamps, one of the TV remotes was cracked and broken and the microwave in the kitchen area seemed to be an early 80's model.Also this room had the worlds smallest bathroom (see pictures) with hardly enough room to turn around in!Just thought the whole room looked and felt a bit shabby.Location was pretty good with a 10 min walk to shops etc and apparently has free shuttle bus downtown which we didn't use. We did use the free internet, always useful.Overall, think I would have been more annoyed if I had paid full fare for the suite, instead of just a bit disappointed.	
Nov 28 2007 	Can not complain good value for money	We had this hotel as the start of 3 weeks touring the USA. I upgraded the room to overlook lake michigin. The staff were really friendly and the room was clean and quiet. When we arrived at the hotel the staff advised us on what to see and could not do enough to accomodate us. When we told them what time our flight was out of O'hare they advised us and helped us out with our travel arragements to ensure we made it on time.Although it is not quite in the centre of chicago it is only 10 minutes to walk in and it always felt really safe around the hotel. I will definatly stay there again.	
Nov 18 2007	Better Than Expected	Parking was expensive ($28/day). The lobby area appeared to be somewhat dated, but nevertheless it was clean. The room was clean, new bedding, nice towels. The breakfast in the Savoy Bar &amp; Grill was around $10, but it was plenty of food. The pool area is huge, plus a staffed lifeguard. I've seen other reviews that it's not in a prime downtown location..People, it's still downtown, and a few blocks away..Walk it! A good way of soaking up the Chicago experience is by walking it!The Valets were very welcoming &amp; hilarious. One of the men remembered me from last year, when they had to retrieve my coat from my parked car..(and a year later, he was still giving me grief about it, in a joking way).....Unbelievable that he remembered me from almost a year ago.I'd be willing to stay here again. Sure, it's not in the prime area, but it's clean, adequate &amp; staffed well.	
Nov 16 2007 	Exactly what we needed for a one night stay in Chicago.	We stayed at the Chicago Essex Inn on November 13 (one night only). I was panicking 'cause we only needed one night and couldn't find ANYTHING a couple of days prior to our trip. I found a room available through GTAhotels.com and fearing the worst but hoping for the best I booked the room through them. It turned out to be legit (though it took them a few minutes to find our reservation... they had to call England or something) but we got the room at a good price-- all together for $145 CDN. Most hotels asked for a 3 or 4 minimum stay. The location is excellent: right on Michigan Avenue, close to everything, in The Loop area, which is excellent for transportation (subways, buses, cabs, you name it), but you can also walk to all the main streets and do some shopping. The rooms are spacious and clean... like I said, very nice for the price. We went to the pool, which was huge, nice and warm. The sauna was okay too. On a Tuesday, there was nobody else there. There was also a fitness room. TV had plenty of channels. The pillows weren't the greatest, but that's mostly because we're so used to our very own, comfortable bed and pillows. The only complain I would have is that the tub did fill up when I showered, and the water stayed there. The bathroom looked old, and yes, the tub was chipped, but it was clean and that was good enough. Oh, and we were close to the elevator, so it was quite noisy throughout the night. Other than that, the people at the front were very nice, the hotel was nice and I don't have any complaints, except for the clogged up tub.	
Nov 9 2007	Excellent stay.	Spent 2 days in Essex Inn. Location is very good, 10 mins walk from the very center of Chicago. Rooms are fairly large and perfectoly clean. The hotel has a pool and a small fitness room. Free internet connection also.Had a great stay and, for the price paid, seems to me a good deal.	
Nov 3 2007 	Another Fantastic Stay!!	We stayed at the Essex 10/27-28 for our 27th Wedding Anniversary for one of the Chicago Bears' game package. This was our 2nd year in a row doing this as our anniversay gift to each other. When we checked in we found they had given us a suite!! We were amazed by the fabulous room with views across the Lake and to the right we could see the museums &amp; Soldier Field. Every person was warm &amp; friendly to us during our stay. The room was spotless. We also take the free shuttle downtown - and the driver is so wonderful for advice on what to see &amp; where to eat. He even dropped us off right outside of our dinner spot. This is a wonderful place to stay and we would highly recommend this to anyone!! We love the Essex Inn!	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Location Rooms Need Some Work	Location could not have been better for my needs, very short cab ride to anywhere I needed to go. Parking of $35 a day seemed to be a bit excessive but what are you going to do. Person who parked the car and checked us in was very courteous and nice, no problems with the staff at all. The room on the other hand needed some work (see photos), tub filled as you showered, by the time you were down you were ankle deep in water, porcelain on the tub was badly chipped and the tub should be replaced. The pub that is off the lobby was very lively every time I when in, bar staff was very friendly.	
Oct 28 2007	Mediocre accommodations on Michigan Ave	My priorities for our stay in Chicago were for the hotel to be downtown, as inexpensive as possible while still being clean. The Essex pretty much matched these expectations.We booked our hotel through a travel agent who used a 3rd party hotel wholesale company. We got a great weekend rate of $150/night including tax, which is about $129/night before taxes. Parking would have been an additional $30/night, but we parked in a public lot around the corner from the hotel for $12/night. Also, parking at some meters on the street is free after 9pm on Saturdays and all day Sunday.Since we booked through the wholesale company, it was not possible to confirm a nonsmoking room (as a former travel agent, I know this is common practice). And since we checked in at 8pm on a Friday night, the hotel was fully booked and there were only smoking rooms left. The room was very smoky smelling, as was the entire floor as soon as the elevator doors opened. The desk staff was gracious in finding us a different (though still smoking) room for Friday night and then moving us to a non smoking room for Saturday night. We had a room with 2 queen beds, which are really 2 full-sized beds. My husband and I sleep in a queen bed at home, but slept in separate beds at the Essex because there's no way we would have been comfortable in one bed. But the sheets were clean and the beds were comfy. The bathroom was clean, but not exactly gleaming, due to its need for updating and refurbishing. We did not use the pool or sauna, but only because we were out and about much of the time.Overall, this is a decent, no-frills hotel if you don't want to break the bank to be in downtown Chicago. The desk staff was courteous and the bellman was very friendly and helpful in directing us to public transportation.We spent much of our time at the funky bars and restaurants in the Lincoln Park area, which is probably where I would stay on future trips. But it was nice to be close to the impressive Grant park and the excitement and bustle of Michigan Ave. Also a good location to explore the museums and Navy Pier.	
Oct 19 2007 	Fantastic value	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night on our trip across the USA. The location is great with the sightseer bus stop right at the front door. The room was spotless and very spacious. The staff were more than helpful especially the porters who helped us to organise our sightseeing tour. This is one of the best value for money hotels we have stayed in on our travels across the USA.	
Oct 7 2007 	I don't recomend this hotel	We stayed for two nights at the Essex Inn at the end of our two week Route 66 trip. This was by far the worst hotel we have stayed in, in 5 visits to the US.The room was very small and noisey being next to the lift, drinks machine &amp; air con units on the roof just below us. When asked to be moved they said the hotel was full.There was no hotel information or area information in the room as it was 'being re-written'.I found the staff off hand, someof them in the one restaraunt almost rude.The not very clean bathroom had a small shower and no bathtub.I do not consider this a three star hotel and would not recommend it to anyone!	
Sep 12 2007 	Had second thoughts.....	Let me begin by saying that I rated our overall experience Above Average because some of the past reviews had me thinking that I was walking into a unclean hotel. Normally we stay in the River North Area but unfortuantely most of the decent hotels in that area were booked. So, we decided to book at the Essex and were very hesitant about it at first because it was an unfamiliar place and the reviews were not favorable. I was pretty much expecting the worse. Here are the positives about our stay...1)checked in at 11:30 a.m. with no problem2)free shuttle to the Pier (every hour)3) free shuttle pick - up from the Hancock4) immediate action concerning the fresh stains on our room carpet (great job housekeeping and the manager on duty!!!)6) location (across the street from Grant Park = Buckingham Fountain7) Savoy Bar and Grill (wide variety of items)8) valet parking 9) 4th floor heated swimming pool and deck area (pool had to be about 75 degrees)The negatives......1)Valet parking (I cringed at paying 29.00 a day, we normally stay at a hotel that offers free parking to its guests)2) room seemed too small for 2 adults and 3 young kids (we had 2 double beds)3)location (other than grant park there wasn't much else in the area that we really wanted to see)4) Savoy Bar and Grill prices were too high 5) rate I paid of 270.14 total Overall, we were satisfied with our stay at the Essex. Even though we weren't in a familiar area the Essex made it easy for us to get to our main destination (which was the pier). We were able to take the shuttle to the pier, then walk to the Hancock and then be picked up and taken back to the hotel. The kids enjoyed the pool and sitting outside on the terrace. I guess I just kind of wonder what the other posters expected. I by no means expected to be pampered but we were pleased with the hotel and with the customer service given by all staff and the immediate attention they gave to our problem. Would I stay at the Essex Inn again? YesWould I recommend it to others? YesWould I pay the same rate? NoWhat would I pay? between 100 - 135	
Sep 9 2007 	Dirty expensive hotel	Stayed here for trade show. Excellent location but very dirty room. I travel approx. 40 weeks a year and know hotels. The carpeting needs to be replaced and I felt like I should always be wearing shoes. The air conditioning was weak at best . Try to find another place before booking at the Essex.	
Aug 31 2007 	essex inn chicago	We have just returned from a visit to Chicago which is a beautiful city and well worth a visit. Lovely people, lovely buildings and views, lots to do.However, we had booked to stay at the Essex Inn on South Michegan Avenue, Chicago. Their website showed lovely rooms, and stated that it had been recently renovated! Not so - it is terrible. Please do not believe the photos, they are not appropriate. The wash basin and shower tray were all broken and the enamel had worn away. The walls were all chipped and stained and marked. The curtains were filthy as was the carpet which was covered in stains. The furniture was old and very chipped and broken. The light switches were old and looked &quot;unsafe&quot; and again not clean. I asked to be upgraded but it was full ( a local football match and the Chicago trialethon was in town) so they could only show us another room in the same state as ours.Needless to say we checked out the very next morning and booked into a fabulous hotel and had a super few days. We were only in Chicago for 4 nights and it could have entirely ruined our stay. Please be very careful if you do book this hotel. The pictures do not show it as it is and the description of &quot;recently refurbished&quot; gives and entirely wrong impression.	
Aug 27 2007	Don't stay here!	We will never stay here again! The room was damp all 4 days, even with the air conditioner running, so the bedding and everything we brought was damp, too. The bathroom floor was filthy. Bedside lamps and tables were grimy. The first time we went to use a &quot;clean&quot; towel, we discovered it had makeup all over one side - it had been folded to hide the dirty side. The worst part: We'd paid up front for the whole stay through a website, but found after we checked out the Essex Inn had also charged us for the room directly. This nearly $350 mistake on their part could have caused us major problems if we had not caught it. They did credit us the amount, but it took almost a week to correct the problem.	
Aug 7 2007 	Hidden charges ruined our stay	This is a nice hotel in a good location of Chicago but there were some problems we had which have turned us off ever staying there again. On the plus side, the staff are friendly and helpful; the rooms are comfortable and clean (even though the plumbing system in the bathroom really needs to be updated-showering in water up to my ankles is not fun); the food in the restaurant is terrific, and the fact that it actually had a bar was a real plus for us.The problems with check-in and check-out are ridiculous. The bottle neck created by the queue of people trying to move around make it very awkward to speak to the receptionists. We also needed to send a fax from the hotel (something I have had no trouble doing in other hotels) but we were charged $5 just to send it, I personally thought this was a little extreme.We asked if we could store our bags for an hour while we went to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant and we were charged 50c per bag to store them. I have never had to pay for a luggage room before, and I heard others around us complaining about the same thing.The dinner we had in the hotel restaurant was delicious, but it was when we paid our bill that we got ticked off. Though the waitress and the service were excellent, she placed our bill on the table before we finished eating, leaving out much chance of having a drink or dessert after dinner. What really annoyed us was that she had already added a gratuity of 18% onto the bill before we got it. I can understand this being automatically added to a bill when its a large party, but I've never seen it done when it's a party of 2. The other thing that annoyed me was, as far as Im concerned, is tipping not something that's supposed to be at the discretion of the customer? Since when did the waiters and waitresses start deciding how good they are at their jobs? We had fully intended in leaving her an excellent tip that suitably reflected the service but what if our service had been terrible-were we just expected to tip her regardless?All in all the hidden charged we incurred during our stay really put us off staying here again.	
Jul 28 2007 	Can't beat Location Price 	Stayed at Essex in 7/24 to 726/07 with 2 adults &amp; 2 kids. Our room was clean &amp; comfortable, location is great &amp; the price can't be beat (compared to it's next door neighbor the upscale massive Chicago Hilton.)Across the street is Grant Park, walk a few blocks north then it's the Burnham fountain (don't miss it at night); few blocks more you're in Millenium Park (outdoor concerts, sculptures, fountains); walk through Grant Park towards lake &amp; you're inField Museum/Shed Aquarium and the lake. Even Sears tower, Chicago Board of Trade and Magnificent mile is walking distance. If walking is not your thing, taxis waiting right outside hotel, bus stops a block away and El train a few blocks walk. The room is small but appear larger with one wall all glass with view of park/lakeshore/museums/soldiers field. Bed was neatly made in all white high grade sheets, very fluffy pillow and down like comforter (just like home). Room was clean but stuffy at first. But after turning on AC to high &amp; spraying room with a small car deodorizer I always bring with me when I travel, it smelled great. Bathroom was clean except for the small shower, which needs to really be replaced. There's a good size exercise room, indoor pool, and a balcony overlooking the park.Overall, we will definitely stay at Essex Inn next time we visit Chicago.	
Jul 27 2007 	Not bad for the $$	I stayed at this hotel for NeoCon in June, however am just getting around to writing a review. It was not terrible for the price. Compared to the other hotels it was a bargin. You get what you pay for. It was clean-but small. There were 3 of us in a room and if there had been 4 it would have been crowded. The resterant is fabulous though...very very good and reasonably $$. Really you are in Chicago and are probably not in the room longer than to take a shower and go to sleep...if you have plans to hang out there you may want to choose a different place.	
Jul 18 2007 	What a dump!	I was chaperoning my Debate Team to a national competition. Our needs are few: space, quiet and comfort. The rooms were tiny, hot and not terribly clean. Service was slow. Check in is a nightmare because the check-in desk is located on a narrow strip--really just a wide hallway--opposite the elevators and on the main passage to the garage. Trying to fight your way through the mob to retrieve your car takes time. Just checking in takes time. The adjacent lobby is very small and, if there is a conference going on in the downstairs conference rooms, unavailable for regular guests. The only good thing about the hotel is that it runs a free shuttle service up and down Michigan Avenue. It's needed since the number of affordable restaurants in the immediate vicinity are limited. Not a good experience and I will not stay there again.	
Jul 6 2007 	Perfect for family vacation	Our family stayed at the Essex Inn for a week in June. We loved the location and spent a considerable amount of time at the Museum Campus, which was right across the street in Grant Park. Very easy to cross Michigan Avenue a block down from the hotel. Hotel shuttle was very handy; shuttle driver was extremely helpful and friendly. One day, there were problems with the shuttle bus' defroster (we had a couple downpours) but the next day, the hotel had an even newer shuttle bus. Pool and fitness room were above adequate. A terrace outside the pool on the forth floor was handy. On Wednesday and Sunday nights between Memorial and Labor Day, they shoot off fireworks from Navy Pier and the terrace provides an excellent view. Very easy to catch a cab from the hotel and the concierge did it for us. They held our luggage after check-out for only 50 cents a bag. We ate at the hotel's restaurant several times and found it to be very affordable and good! The elevators were slow at times and the room could've been bigger, but we weren't in it much. Very clean and helpful staff. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 3 2007 	Slow Elevators	The main thing this hotel has going for it is its position overlooking the park. Rooms are very basic and in need of a re-furbishment. The wardrobe in my room was just a pole between two walls to hang your clothes on, no door just a pole! The worst thing about the place is the elevators, they are soooo slow. Long lines form, waiting for the magical event when one turns up! All in all a basic hotel in a prime position.	
May 28 2007 	Better than expected	Very clean room. Friendly staff. Free Internet opposite the check-in desk. Good location in front of Grant Park. Michigan Avenue is very long so though you can walk downtown it gets tiring after the second day. Solution: Buy a bus pass for the number of days you are staying.Travelling by bus is easy and quite fast. Bus stops for both ways are just outside the hotel. The swimming pool is wonderful for a morning swim before you set off or after you come back in the evening. Buddy Guy's Legends Blues Club is a two-minute walk. Hotel also offers a free shuttle bus into town every hour on the hour.Conclusion: A very good, moderately priced hotel. Not for those seeking a luxury hotel very good for the price.Restaurant on the premises. Good American food and beers.By the way, Chicago is a very pleasant and clean city. Always felt safe around hotel and downtown. Try the Chicago Greeter Program that offers completely free (no tipping) private, guided walking tours of the city.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great location - some equipments a bit old	I stayed a night in mid April in a room with 2 queen beds (14th floor). The bathroom was OK. There was free coffee in the room. A soda vending machine was located by the floor elevator.On the cons side, the air conditioning/heating system looked quite old. The windows were old, too.On the pro, the room was clean, the location is great and it's distant from the museum by a 10 min walk. It's on Michigan avenue. There's a Caribou coffee and a jazz bar within 1 block. I had dinner at the hotel's restaurant which is serves indeed standard US food.The Sears Tower requires a 20min walk, the metallic &quot;bean&quot; a bit upper in Michigan avenue requires almost the same walk.There is a free Internet (web only indeed) access on the 1st floor.	
Apr 8 2007 	Disaster Of A Hotel	Upon check in, we learned that the pool, which was one of the main reasons for booking this hotel, was closed. No one informed us of this at the time we booked. When we got to our room, we found it to be very small, dirty (ants in the bathroom), and loud due to construction in the hotel. Again, a point that they failed to mention when we booked this hotel. We called the front desk for an upgrade. They agreed and put us in a &quot;suite&quot;. This room, even though it was bigger, was still dirty and grungy. The floor of the tub, for whatever reason, squished when it was stepped on. We thought we had solved the noise problem but found in short time we were wrong. The room was adjacent to the elevator which could be heard running up and down all night long. Check-in/check-out was a hassle and the valet service was mediocre at best. Needless to say, our experience with the Essex Inn was horrible. I would not recommend staying at this hotel. Ever.	
Mar 28 2007 	No control of air conditioning in room.	When we arrived there was a two inch dead cockroach on the floor in front of the sink. We just threw it away, no big deal. The temperature on March 26, 2007 was warm for Chicago. The room was really muggy when we walked in. I went over to turn on the air conditioning and the button is gone. We called the front desk and they indicated that they control the heating and cooling and said if we wanted ventilation we would have to open the window (which has no screen in it; maybe that's how the cockroach got in????). it was humid so it was an uncomfortable night of sleep as well as uncomfortable getting ready the next morning. The lobby was extremelywarm. I was sweating standing for five minutes checking out. The restaurant had good food and was very cool and comfortable. The omelets and hashbrown is really good. We only stayed one night to go to the taping of the Oprah show the next day. Great price ($95.20 total on (----)) but I would have definitely paid extra somewhereelse for air conditioner control had I known we couldn't receive that there.	
Feb 7 2007 	Good downtown location for the Budget traveler	Great location. Right next to the Chicago Hilton which was hosting a Chicago Bears convention while I was there. Got a spacious room for about $98 per night.The room was very comfortable although the hot water did not work properly in the shower. Not fun taking a shower in cold water during the winter in Chicago!The pool area was nice and the staff was friendly. The lobby was spacious as well. I would stay there again.	
Jan 8 2007 	Nice location but...	I stayed here overnight while attending a convention downtown. The location is great for the convention center or the museums, but a little south of the main restaurants and shopping. The room was small and extremely dirty looking. I am glad I didn't have my children with me! It was uncommonly warm during my stay in November, and the temperature in the hotel was not regulated well at all. I had my fan on &quot;cool / high&quot; but it wasn't working too well at all...just making noise. When I checked to see if it was possible to crack the window open, I was quite surprised to find that they tilted in and could be removed BUT there was no screen over the hole. It was so hot I decided to risk it, but kept waiting for birds (or Spiderman) to come flying into my room overnight.Pictures of the pool look nice, but I didn't have time to check it out on my trip. The bar was decent, with four or five beer choices on tap. The lobby was clean, but not much atmosphere as it was mostly brightly lit and open to pedestrian traffic.Overall the hotel was cheap, especially considering downtown Chicago prices...but you do get what you pay for with the Essex.	
Jan 2 2007 	Should have stayed elsewhere!	We booked our stay directly with the Essex Inn. We booked their shopping package, it was advertised in a magazine for $109.00 per night. When the reservation was made the cost was $139 for the first night and $119 for the second. The question of whether or not parking was included for the entire stay was posed at the time of reservation, my wife was told yes. I called the following day to question the difference between the advertised price and the charged price, I was told it was do to room type availiable, I then asked if the least expensive room type was avialable, it was but not for the advertised price. I also asked if the parking was included the entire time, I also was told it was. Upon arrival the room was not ready for 55 minutes after check in time due to cleaning issues. I was informed that parking was only covered for one night not both, as we had asked twice previously and been told it was covered. Opon finally getting our room we were unpacking while our 18 month old played. When we looked at our Daughter she looked as if she had just rolled through a barber shop, she was covered in Hair and Dust. Upon Check out I requested to speak to the Manager, he acted as if he could care less, and completely ignored our concerns and issues. Needless to say I will never go to the Essex Inn again.	
Dec 22 2006 	Great value good for the art lover	I picked up an English friend at O'Hare and we spent a night at the Essex before driving west. Booked through Orbitz, paid $91 ($78 plus taxes) for the room, $21 for parking. Access to hotel was convenient, check-in staff very pleasant. The room was large, beds comfy. Bathroom was on the small side and water pressure in shower wasn't great, but it was fine for one night. There are coffee makers in the room, but otherwise no breakfast.  We ate dinner in the restaurant -- good selection, reasonable prices, very friendly service. One delightful thing about the Essex is the artwork in the rooms and halls. Instead of the usual generic junk, there are museum posters of all kinds -- Renaissance, Chinese, Abstract, photography, American Colonial, you name it. Charming, just wonderful.	
Dec 2 2006 	Good location OK room	I stayed here while my wife was at a major conference including a venue at the Hilton like the previous reviewer. Unlike the previous two reviewers I did not find myself desperately needing scissors so cannot comment on that.An initial room with king bed was rather small so changed to a double-bedded room a bit farther back. Rooms are fairly standard with older style glass walls that let in noise. However Michigan Ave. is a lot less busy than I expected so this is not a major problem.I visited the pool and garden area which were very nice but spent almost my whole visit in museums so never really had time to use the pool.For a museum freak the location is excellent.I seem to be a bargain hunter in hotel rooms and in this location during a major conference, the bang for the buck was not as good as I normally get. But, that is in this location during a major conference, so what does one expect?	
Nov 30 2006 	Perfect for me	Paid $450 for 3 nights, 2 double beds. The hotel was really great for what I needed at tthe time. I needed a hotel close to the Hilton (for a conference). It's right next door. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I tried to borrow scissors, but someone else had them, so instead they let me borrow their paper cutter! The rooms were clean and of average size. The bathroom was fine enough, not that small. The hotel is close to museums, and there is a shuttle up to the Magnificent Mile. I really enjoyed my stay there, and if I had to be in the same location again, I would stay at the Essex Inn.	
Nov 8 2006 	Execellent location everything covered.	We found this hotel ideal for our 5 day stay. The rooms were large and the beds comfortable and always well made. The reception staff were very willing to help with questions I had and even let me borrow scissors. There was a free hotel bus that took you to the town centre at regular intervals but it wasn't too far to walk.The pool and sauna were excellent. The pool area was heated so even on a cold october day it was very pleasant.We would stay here again and recommend it to others.Not as fancy as the Hilton next door but we got plenty quality for a good price.	
Oct 12 2006 	Better than expected	I had read some unhapppy comments about this hotel on the TravelAdvisor website and so I was a little wary of making a reservation. However, every other hotel in my price range was booked for the four days of my stay and so I decided I needed any room more than a great room while in Chicago.I was happily surprised by what I got. My room was clean and spacious, the bed was comfortable, the location was great, and the service was friendly. There was one request that I had to make twice, for an extra blanket, but this seemed more of an oversight than anything resembling poor service, and they were quick to rectify it. I did note a little bit of mold on some of the grout in the shower and a slowness for the water to drain as others had commented on. However, both of these issues were pretty inconsequential and minimal in the great scheme of things. My one issue was that the weather was going from warm to cold in October and the heat/air conditioning were centrally controlled. Coming from 90 degree heat in Arizona to 50 degrees in Chicago was a bit of a jolt for me and I was wearing layers even inside my hotel room. The hotel had the air conditioning on for the first night (brr!) and then basically just left all central heat/air conditioning off for the duration of my stay. I was cold for two nights waiting for them to turn on the heat and they did bring an extra blanket after the first night which helped a bit. When I complained after the second night, they brought up a heater which was just perfect. If I had known, I would have asked for that right away.Another issue was that the door to my room didn't close completely without an extra push and so there were two occasions in which I realized my room had not been secure for a while. Once I started to push the door closed instead of just letting it swing on its own, that problem went away. I let the front desk know about it at check-out, and they seemed to agree that this was a security concern that needed to be addressed right away.Overall, the hotel was better than I had expected and I was happy with my stay. I would be happy to stay here again when I return to Chicago and would recommend it for those looking for non-fancy but decent accommodations in a good location.	
Oct 9 2006 	Basically good	We stayed at the Essex because of the location (near the Field Museum for King Tut and the Ford Oriental for &quot;Wicked&quot;) and were pleased with the location and staff. The room on the 11th floor was SMALL and the 2 double beds took up the whole space. TV worked fine. Bathroom was puny and the tub did not drain well.The pool was empty, lovely and clean. We had it to ourselves in the evening. The restaraunt was fine for breakfast. We were hardly in the room, but it was not a great place to hang out- for $250/night!	
Sep 29 2006 	Outdated hotel friendly service and good location	We had booked a standard room and paid around $ 130 per night. The bathroom was very, very simple and outdated and reminded us about something you would find in a military hut. The room itself was ok and the bed was good and lifted up the overall impression. The hotel is outdated concerning interior and could use a renovation, the 2 elevators could not carry guests up and down fast enough and lines were often building up. The rooftop garden was great; the pool fine as well was the gym. The location is very good and the service personal was very friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Sep 18 2006	Great location great price	We stayed at the Essex September 14 - 15, 2006. We had a standard room with two beds on the fifth floor which overlooked the hotel's pool. The room was large enough for my family of three.The price was great ($140 including taxes, booked with our travel agent), the valet price and service were great ($21 per night vs. the Intercontinental's $45), and the location was great (directly across from Grant Park). We took the complimentary shuttle, which stopped at the Art Institute, Navy Pier and John Hancock Building. The taxi from the Navy Pier was $9 plus tip.The hotel's size and quality reminded me of hotels I've stayed at in London and Paris. The rooms were decent size, although the beds were short. The bathroom was a little worn, but the linens and bedding were clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly, including the front desk, valet, and shuttle driver. We have stayed at chain hotels in the suburbs and at the House of Blues Hotel at Marina City. This hotel was a good compromise of the suburb's prices and the HOB's convenient location.One complaint - we had a package delivered to the hotel the morning of our arrival. I confirmed the delivery with USPS Priority Mail, but the front desk wasn't able to find my package after repeated requests.	
Sep 9 2006 	Loved Essex Inn	We had the BEST view in a lovely corner room at the Essex Inn. The king sized bed seemed larger than normal kings. We could see the tall downtown buildings to our left, we overlooked Grant Park and the lake in the front and could see the aquarium and planetarium to our right. We could view Buckingham fountain erupt hourly from our room and see the fireworks at Navy Pier, all without leaving our room. The only minor inconvenience was the small bathroom - but no big deal. The management was MORE than friendly and the free shuttle was convenient. Often we were the only riders who were taken directly to our destination. There are two free computers to use on the first floor, a big bonus. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 21 2006	Now I know why the reviews varied so much	My family of four stayed at the Essex Inn from August 13 for four nights. I was curious since the ratings spanned the entire range of ratings. I can understand now what most were thinking.The hotel isn't new by any means and the rooms are small. Everything about them is smaller than what you'd expect at a suburban hotel. So if you travel light or with few people in your room, it will affect you less. It gets a little cramped with energetic kids. The tub doesn't drain well but our room (820) did have a good shower with hot water. They try to make up for it. The beds are short but comfortable.If you look on an angle, you can have a view of the Sears Tower on the north side or of Soldier Field and the museums on the south side (if you are above the pool). I imagine that you can see the lake from some part of every room. There is a subway train that passes within a couple of blocks of the hotel every few minutes but it did not bothered us too much. The outside wall is all glass. I did not play with the bottom window so my kids would not get any ideas. I can understand the concern of parents but I think many are bolted shut.I cannot comment on the room's heating/cooling as we had perfect weather on this trip and did not turn it on.Our room's shower was good. The tub did drain slowly. Housekeeping didn't always replace our used coffee cups and coffee.The pool area and pool is much larger than the usual hotel. The water is warm and ranges from 3-8 feet with a roped off area for lap swimming. There is a lifeguard on duty. The pool water faded the colors from two of our swimsuits. So don't take anything that you like into the water. There is a sauna and the largest fitness area I have ever seen in a hotel (25 pieces of equipment). There are also tables and chairs that are outside on the lake side of the hotel.The location is good. There is a shuttle at 9:30 and 10:30 to the museums but none back. There is a free trolley to take back but we opted to walk it instead. There is another shuttle that takes you the longer distance to the Hancock building. It departs every hour from 9-5 and returns on the half-hour. Again, we missed the last shuttle and walked back one or two miles each day. Grant Park is across the street and Buckingham Fountain is within fairly easy walking distance. The Art Institute is about a 10- or 15-minute walk. There aren't a lot of restaurants nearby but there is a little store with a grill behind the hotel near the Caribou Coffee shop. It seems like a decent part of town so walking isn't an adventure. The room has a welcome notebook that was a complete waste. It made us think that the Savoy was charging $8 for pancakes but when we checked it out, we found that they were only $5-something. It's nothing special but it fit the bill for a family of four. There aren't that many family restaurants that close by. Valet parking is $21 a day for a car and $30 for bigger vehicles. The garage is on the Hilton side of the Essex. Be prepared to surrender your car and keys and have everything that you need out of it. Carts come only with bellmen. Wireless internet is $4/day but you may be able to tap into the Hilton's wireless connection. I did not. Don't commit until you explore the other options.There are two elevators that are sometimes too small to carry all the people that want to get on them. I did not have any problems pushing numbers but it may take a couple of tries.In summary, if you are a single or a couple you might like the room more than if you have kids or lots of people. If you are smaller then you can deal with the cramped quarters. If the weather is bad and you are stuck in your room a lot, you'll like it less unless you spend the day at the pool and fitness center.	
Aug 15 2006 	Good Hotel	We were pleased with this hotel. Just came back from a 2 night stay with my two teenage sons. We went to see King Tut and had a great time. The room had two double beds with new bedding, the room was clean, and the bathroom looked like it was recently renovated. We used the free shuttle to the John Hancock building, which was great and saved us a cab fare. We ate breakfast in the restaurant once and although a bit on the pricey side, the food was ample and good. Location is great next to Grant Park and the Museums. I would definitely stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to others and the price was right.	
Jul 30 2006	Pretty good...	I was surprised to find nothing really out of place at this hotel. This is the first one star hotel I've stayed at ... plus some of the scathing reviews here had me a bit worried. But it was clean; everything worked; superb location; comfortable bed; friendly housekeepers. Yes the elevator was quirky (wouldn't always recognize when a button had been pushed); and the air conditioning could have been drier. But for the price, it might be one of the better deals in Chicago.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great location	Spent 3 days here in July 2006. Great location to get around the city. We had a CTA visitor pass that allowed us to travel unlimited on any trains and busses for a few dollars a day - bought it at the train station at Midway. Very easy to hop on any bus on Michigan Ave. outside the hotel and transfer as needed. Room was clean, cool (since temperature outside was 100 degrees), and beds/pillows were terrific. Pool was lovely, along with an outside patio by the pool. Not a fancy lobby or restaurant, but room was adequate size and great value.	
Jul 16 2006	Great Location/OK Hotel	I chose the Essex Hotel for my first trip to Chicago for its location, and the amenities it described on its website.The location could not have been better, but we were disappointed with our room, and felt a little let down based on what we thought we'd be getting. The room was spacious, but pretty outdated (especially the bathroom, that was in pretty rough shape, although in working order and clean). We had a fantastic view of Michigan Avenue, and were greeted by friendly and courteous staff, even when we checked in at 2am.Overall, it was ok - ok enough that when I return to Chicago in a few weeks, I will be staying there for a second time.Great location and friendly staff help you to overlook some of the &quot;quirks&quot;.Side note though...the &quot;American Gothic&quot; print over the bed was a little creepy. :P	
Jul 12 2006	Would stay here again	I liked staying at the Essex Inn. It had a great location on Michigan Ave. The hotel provided a shuttle to various tourist areas, such as the art museum, the magnificent mile. There's also a bus stop across the street as well as a subway station located a few blocks away. When we were there in Febraury 2006 the hotel's parking lot was under construction, but they provided parking at another location. The staff was very helpful telling us how to get around. The room was clean, kinda outdated in style but comfortable. I would recomend this place to a friend.	
Jul 4 2006	One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at	This is the worst hotel ever. The first room I was put in smelled like cheap hotel cleaning products AND the windows were bolted shut. The room was dirty and dingy and the light was broken. When I turned on the air conditioner unit it shook so much the bed vibrated!!!! The shower was dirty and the shower head shot the water out in a hard thin stream - I thought it would poke my eye out.The hotel staff put me in another room the next day. It was moderately cleaner but the bath would back-up so there was about 6 inches of water in the tub before you finished your shower. AND - as I was getting ready to leave I heard my door open. THE STAFF GAVE KEYS TO MY ROOM TO ANOTHER GUEST!!!!!I had to stay at the Essex because due to several conferences in Chicago it was quite literarlly the only hotel with rooms available. I'd never stay there again.	
Jun 29 2006 	It was gross!	The two rooms we had were awful! They appeared dirty and dated. There were chocolate crumbs on the very dirty looking bathroom floor, grime on the front of the dresser and cigarette burns in the drapes. The room smelled like &quot;dirty hair.&quot; We would not have felt comfortable staying there at all. This room was comped for us by another company, and we instead opted to go next door to the Hilton and PAY for a room! The rooms we were assigned certainly did not go through any kind of a renovation! We had a lovely stay NEXT DOOR!	
Jun 28 2006	Mummy's the word	With Tut at The Field Museum through Jan. 1, 2007, the Essex is among the hotels offering a package that includes two tickets to the exhibition. For $199 we got the room with king-sized bed, hotel parking ($21 value) and the untimed tickets. These are super since you're not locked into a set time and also give you immediate entry with no waiting in the lengthy lines. The hotel lobby has been decorated in an Ancient Egypt mode, and a courtesy shuttle at 9:30 a.m. or 10:30 a.m. will take you to the museum. Such a deal! As other reviewers have noted, the elevators are very slow, and the bathrooms could certainly be upgraded. Overall, however, we were satisfied with our choice because of the package and the hotel's location and affordability.	
Jun 28 2006	Good Choice	Took advantage of the King Tut package that included one night stay, 2 tickets to King Tut exhibit, overnight valet parking and all taxes for $218. Room was very clean, bathroom needed updating but was clean and the shower water pressure was great (much better than the W Hotel). They offer a shuttle to the museums and Michigan Ave shopping. Our anytime ticket allowed us to bypass all the lines at the Tut exhibit which was great. Overall the staff was courteous and helpful. Not the fanciest place to stay but it was clean and convenient. I'd stay again.	
Jun 28 2006	Don't Stay Here!	The location is good, too bad the service is terrible. There was no hot water, the shower drain was clogged. They have an engineer/maintenance on staff 24 hours, but housekeeping is only there 8-5, what does that tell you?! Try to find another hotel in this location, but don't stay at the Essex. Staff was unhelpful and uncaring about our experience.	
Jun 20 2006	Fantastic Location!	I recently stayed at this hotel and was somewhat impressed. The rooms were cozy and the hotel lobby was beautiful. I encourage anyone who stays here to make good use of their free shuttle services, which can almost eliminate totally the need for taxis. One of the drivers of the free shuttle was so outgoing and gave fantastic advice. The restaurant inside the hotel, The Savoy Grill, was extremely good, cheap, and fast. However, we did have a few problems. Our shower took forever to drain, the staff working the front desk were, on the whole, unhelpful and uninformative about the hotel amenities. The room was lacking a guide to these complimentary offers and to the hotel in general. Charges for local calls were outlandish. Also, the housekeeping seemed to arrive extremely early in the morning - sometimes as early as 7:30, which is fine if you are visiting for business, but not so good if you are there on vacation. The biggest selling point is its location - just minutes from almost all of the important landmarks and activites including the Shedd, the Field Museum, John Hancock Observatory, and the Navy Pier, to name a few.	
May 8 2006	Essex was Good Clean Fun	In May 2004, we stayed at the Essex Inn. We were on a budget and we paid 55 a night for me, my wife and 2 girls aged 5 and 18 months for 7 nights. It was great value. View was not great and some of things did not work but the staff fixed them promptly when notified. It was in a good location and the staff were friendly. The TV was good, it had disney channels which kept the kids occupied when we were in the room. However, the swimming pool was not the cleanest with dead flies floating around. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a cheap deal with basic amenities.	
May 4 2006	I Had Better Rooms in Prison	We stayed at the Essex when it was supposedly a three-star hotel, a week after our stay, the rankings went down to a 1 star hotel.... If this is a one star hotel then, motels are two stars. We thought we were getting such good value when we booked it, I would have paid ten times more to stay somewhere else!!! The rooms were dingy, the sheets looked dirty, we were afraid there were going to be cockroaches. The shower didn't drain, and over all, it was a nasty place to stay. Don't be fooled by the lobby!!! If you're thinking of coming to Chicago, stay somewhere in the Gold Coast or on the Magnificent Mile.	
Apr 10 2006	Pool with a view	The Essex Inn is in a good spot for access to the museum campus. It is only a short walk thru some pedestrian tunnels from Michigan Avenue. With its small but stylish lobby and front desk, the Essex is a no frills hotel in a fairly quiet spot. The room was somewhat small but clean. The maid was helpful when requests were offered. The bathroom is quite small especially when helping younger children get ready for the day or shower off after the pool.The pool is the best part of the Essex. It is on the fourth floor over looking Michigan Avenue. It sits in this huge atrium that also houses the finess center.The water was warm and the pool size was decent. It has a depth of eight feet and a dedicated lane for laps. The sauna and showers were working and accessible. Plenty of chairs boardered the pool deck. And don't forget they have a lifeguard on duty that inforces the rules.The Essex has slow and unreliable elevators. When I asked for a guide to the amenities and services of the hotel (there was not one in the room) the front desk could not produce one and seemed puzzled by the request. The Savoy Grill in the lobby of the Essex is servicable but not outstanding. The convience is good but the prices steep. The food is okay. It was a good choice with children due to the menu choices and quick service.The Essex has shuttles to Michigan Ave and the Museum Campus. It is a short walk to the Red Line. I would return to the Essex but only for a rate cheaper than we obtained on Travelocity.	
Apr 4 2006	What a bargain!	I visit Chicago frequently and, being on a budget, I try to find good hotels that are reasonably priced. They are not easy to find. My sister stayed at the Essex last year and recommended it to me. I finally found what I was looking for! This hotel has a great location on Michigan Avenue, clean , comfortable rooms, a fabulous indoor swimming pool and an excellent exercise room. The staff was friendly and very helpful, and there are many good restaurants, bars and clubs in the area. I really liked the free shuttle they have that takes you to Navy Pier and the North Michigan Avenue shopping district. The room rates were very, very reasonable compared to other hotels. The Essex is an incredible bargain. I am recommending it to all my friends, particularly those with families.	
Mar 27 2006 	brilliant	What a wonderful, unexpected surprise. Was in Chicago for a conference and just by luck, was booked into the Essex. It is the only place I'll stay when in Chicago again. The staff was as welcoming as a French auberge, the location is right in the middle of everywhere you need or want to go, the beds are to die for, and if you're in need of a swim, the pool is a dream. Don't miss this one.	
Mar 13 2006	Loved The Essex	I stayed at the Essex with my daughters, a &quot;girls&quot; holiday filled with shopping and museums. What a fabulous bargin and location. The staff was friendly and helpful, and transportation to shoppping areas was hotel provided. Because of the hotels location we were able to walk to the great museums of Chicago. The kids loved the pool while I was so impressed with the comfortable and luxurious bedding. I highly reccomend the hotel for those looking to spend their money on entertainment and the great shopping and not all the unnecessary &quot;extras&quot; provided by higher priced hotels.	
Mar 1 2006	Value Value Value	Stayed at the Essex Inn on a trip to Chicago in mid January and thought it was one of the better value hotels I have experienced in a major metropolitan city. Plain and simple this hotel represents value, location and service. If you want a huge impersonal cookie cutter chain hotel, this is not for you. If you want the best bang for the buck, this hotel is for you. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 22 2006	Never Again!	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We went for my birthday and couldn't even sleep in one bed. Not only was there hair on the blankets and pillows, there was also mold on the shower curtain, the celing in the bathroom and hallway, and around the floor in the bathroom. My friend had an allergic reaction to something in the room (she went to her doctor when we got home and found it was the mold) and swelled horribly. My other friends, who were in another room, didn't notice anything amiss. However, they are males, and were quite happy watching t.v.The hotel lobby is nice, and the desk receptionist was kind. However, we had numerous issues with the hotel itself, and we will NEVER return.	
Feb 19 2006	Travelers beware of the Essex.	I would not recommend this place to anyone. We only stayed here because of the address, we planned a tour of Columbia College which is only 2 blocks away, and we wanted to be in walking distance, having never been here before. Our next visit we will utilize the bus system and stay somewhere nicer. We stayed in room 1008. The hall was warmer than the room!! I had to ask at the desk for someone to come look at the heater and when the service man was there he stated that the heater sure needed a good cleaning since it wasn't running right. We opened the curtains only to discover the sheers were stuck to all the frost on the inside of the windows. The windows not only leaked terribly, but appeared to have never been washed in years. The sheer curtain was incredibly dirty and stained and disgusting to even look at. I moved the pillows on one bed to stack so I could watch TV and unwind only to discover hair under them. Pulled down the sheet and saw hair there too. How gross is that? The other bed had hair on it too, causing my daughter to really become upset. We could not leave because I don't think we would have gotten our money back and I did not know enough about Chicago to know where else we could go. So we decided to shake out the comforters and sleep on top of them with our clothes on. We laid on one and covered up with the other one from the other bed. On to the bathroom, there was garbage under the sink indicating the floor had not been swept. The faucet leaked unless you really made a point of pushing it off really hard. In fact it was leaking when we walked in and we had to shut that off. The water dripping form it was warm so it had to have been leaking a long time. In the room where the tub and toilet were, I also found dirt on the floor, and what looked like mold in the corners,and another dripping faucet. When I tried to take a shower, I pulled up on the lever that sends the water toward the shower head, only to have the faucett come loose from the wall. I haven't a clue what is keeping it attached so it wouldn't literally fall off. There is no water pressure for the shower. I really gave up when I looked at the shower wall while standing in there and saw hair all over it!! Finally gave up on that idea: a shower. This hotel needs a cleaning staff. They are renovating the pool and what they really should be doing is spending money on educating the staff on proper cleaning procedures. As a wife and mother of a teenager, I can attest to the fact that my teen-aged daughter could have cleaned better than this. And we all know how teens are. Saturday night as we were waling into the hotel we were chased by a panhandler (is that the proper term for bum, homeless person?) NO staff person was in the lobby had we been attacked. I realize this is Chicago and to be expected. I also realize the Essex is no Hilton. But I don't think it was unreasonable to expect a clean room or expect to feel somewhat safe outside the front door. We will not ever stay here again and I do plan to tell all my friends who love the shopping scene in Chicago to not stay at the Essex.	
Jan 22 2006	Value	For $79/night, it was a fine value. We were there just one night. The location is very convenient. I never utilized 'service', but questions were answered with knowledge. There is Buddy Guy's Blues Club across the street. Free internet service in the lobby.	
Jan 2 2006 	Cheap and Cheerful	Stayed at the Essex for a convention that was happening next door at the Hilton - if you want Hilton prices and service then stay at the Hilton, I found the Essex to be OK for the money I paid. Had ample space in the room, the maid service was very good, the room was somewhat noisy especially on the Saturday night with the football fans in on a cheap weekend away package. Food in the Restauraunt was OK if not spectacular, the service was very quick. Internet access was OK but with just 2 terminals on a busy day you might have to wait. The Essex is a first rate location for getting out and about round the Chicago sights. Would I stay there again, quite likely. But - keep an eye on the taxes on the bill at the end, they run to about 13% - not nice!!	
Jan 1 2006	Great Hotel For Families	Great hotel for families. Free high speed internet + printer / Game room for kids / Great indoor pool/exercise room / Free frequent shuttle to museums &amp; shopping / Public transportation-nearby-buses &amp; trains / Great location (next block is the Hilton!)-close to downtown /Reasonable rates / Extras-like 3 pillows on each bed &amp; warm comforter / Friendly, helpful staff	
Nov 14 2005	Nice...but you need some give and take.	OK, this is a hotel on Michigan Ave. but not the best. For the price you are going to get great service which includes the Bell persons, front desk and even parking personnal. We have stayed here twice now and come back for the conveience, location and service. The pool and work out area are very nice. The rooms need updating very badly. The bathr rooms are SMALL and may have the hair dryer pulled from the wall and no heat lamp bulb although there is a recepticle. My wife noticed one overhead light cover was covered in God knows what... If you get a room on the east side you will have a nice view of the lake but if you are on the west very end your room will be about 200 sq. ft. smaller. They have a nice but small free internet area...The bar/lounge/resturant looked nice...but the ealy afternoon we went to the bar for a drink before a Bears game we found the bar packed with one hungover bartender that was slow. I did see a guy behind the bar who was a employee but got offended when I tried to place an order. So if you are a family looking for a great location and nice pool (indoors) to keep the family occupied or a fan of a local team in Chicago (packages available)going to the game this place is for you! If you want your bed turned down at night with a piece of candy on it you have to go next door to the Hilton which is very nice....but bring your extra wallet....	
Nov 14 2005 	Hotel Fair-Service Terrible!	This hotel is older. It has VERY small double beds. I am 5'10&quot; and my feet hung over a good 4 inches! It has a nice fitness center, however it is posted that it opens at 6am. However, the staff explained that they arrive at 6 and have a number of duties to perform before opening at 6:15ish. The hotel was filled on this particular week with the Club Industry fitness conference. Staff was unwilling to open any earlier. Another time I needed change for the soda machine because the dollar taker was out of order. There were 2 people at the front desk, neither could open the drawer. Then when the &quot;official drawer opener&quot; arrived they only had 4 quarters in the drawer. No appology was given and no suggestions given to rectify the situation. I could go on and on with these stories and I was only there 2 nights!!! Restaraunt was very good with very good service.	
Nov 13 2005	Never Again	Dirty Dirty Dirty.You see the picture of the headboards? Well every 2&quot; crevice has years of old dust. If you're allergic, beware. The bathroom needed major plaster repair and a good steam cleaning.Location.In the middle of nowhere. Had to walk blocks for a decent cup of coffee in the morning. There's no retail stores within 6 blocks. coffee is horrible. The only way to real milk/cream in your coffee is to buy a $2 glass of milk from the restaurant. Restaurant food is worse. McDonalds has less grease.It is next to the park, but why go to Chicago for a park? The &quot;free shuttle&quot; doesn't run very often; lunch and dinner breaks are endless.I am told there exists a newly renovated section; I didn't see it.	
Nov 8 2005	Great value excellent location	We have just returned from a week long stay at the Essex inn in Chicago. I was a bit apprehensive when i booked the hotel as some of the reviews were not very positive. While the lobby and hall decor is a bit dated, I was definitley very impressed with the hotel. Our room was spacious and spotlessly clean, staff were extrememly friendly and helpful and fresh towels were provided daily. The location of the Essex Inn was ideal in that it was within walking distance of most of the city's tourist attractions and most importantly the magnificent mile shopping district. I would definitley recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Oct 31 2005	Essex is surprisingly good!	I'm writing this review from my room at the Essex Inn. I was VERY worried about what I'd find here, after reading some of the other reviews. Honestly, either I must have very low standards, or these other folks must be accustomed to places like the Fairmont, because this hotel is FINE.To be fair, there are a couple of minor issues.The good -Right on Michigan Avenue, directly across from Grant Park.Friendly staff (they happily loaned me an extension cord).Good rates for being in the city.Close to the museum complex, free shuttle there.WiFi for $3.95 per day.Clean, bright room (ok, so the decor is dated).Inexpensive guest laundry on site.Convenient restaurant with acceptable food.The bad -Beds are too short - not too small, too SHORT. I'm only 5'8&quot;, and my feet hang over the end of the bed. Sleeping on a diagonal solves this. BTW, I've already cut myself on one of the protruding pieces of the bed frame - be careful!No comfortable chair in the room. 2 desk chairs and the beds.Not much around here by way of other restaurants, though there is a good blues joint just a block away.The neutral -Yes, the bathroom is rather small, but I am a very large man and have had no difficulties with the shower, as someone else implied.Honestly, the place is clean, comfortable, inexpensive, and convenient. What more could you want?	
Oct 30 2005	WHAT A DUMP!!!!	We stayed at this dump for the Chicago Marathon. The prices were inflated because of the marathon. The hotel room was dirty, the tub did not drain, they did not have fitted sheets, and the last day the toilet stopped working. When we asked to be given the marathon rate (a steal at 189.00)they finally agreed, however, our entire credit never posted and we had to argue with them a month later to get the credit they issued...I even had the receipt from them!!!! I would never stay here again!!!	
Oct 27 2005	worth a chance	We had read all the reveiws prior to staying there and were somewhat filled with dread.We were pleasantly surprised on arrival howver.Staff very helpful esp bell boys, front desk staff and Ray the driver.....some improvement needed by resturant staff.......rooms were small but cozy,with loads of hot water in bathroom and location walking distance to Magnificent Mile .Shuttle was very helpful.There was a huge Opthalmology conference going on in Chicago at the time of our visit so our room was not cheap...$ 159.00 per night.I would have expected somewhere a lot nicer for that money but other hotels were much more expensive.Pool excellent and gym facilities.Worth a try in my opinion S Hall	
Oct 8 2005	This Place Is A DUMP	We have stayed at this hotel twice. I am in no way a prude (Hey, I am a Chicago Bears fan- just a bear drinking, football loving gal). The only reason we returned a second time, is because they have Chicago Bears ticket packages and we wanted to get tickets. They have very few ammenities. The pool and workout room seem OK. There is a cheesy bar- attached to a restaurant (the restaurant serves Dennys style food). The bar attracts some seedier types, in the later evening hours. I wasn't comfortable there. The &quot;outdoor garden&quot; was a weed patch. That's ALL they have. The rooms were not easy to climate control. The walls are very thin and the plumbing very LOUD. I did not sleep well all night. Carpets are filty and bathrooms in need of renovation. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. I am surprised that the Chicago Bears organization would even allow the organization to be linked to this level of trash, with the number of awesome hotels we have downtown. Heck, they even host the Bears convention in the Hilton across the street. Much nicer hotel. Stay there instead! If you do the Bears package through the Essex because you want tickets- go to the Hilton for your meals and beverages.	
Sep 27 2005	Good Staff-Poor Hotel	The staff was the only thing acceptable at a recent stay at the Essex in Chicago. Carpets were dirty and stained, paint was peeling in the bathrooms, and the general condition was run-down.This might be ok if in Chicago for a football game or frat party but it isn't acceptable for most business travel.Take your shower shoes!	
Sep 20 2005	Not the Best BUT Not the Worst Either	We arrived at The Essex Inn at about 10:30 in the morning. We were not able to check in right away but they did hold our bags for us. We went to the Cards/Cubs game and returned to check in. Everything went smooth and fine. Yes, I will admit the decor is a bit outdated but we had a clean room and a pretty good view of the Lake and the area Museums. If you like to walk, it is in walking distance to the Museums and the parks are right across the street. Easy access to all bus stops and &quot;L&quot; trains. They even have a shuttle to the Navy Pier. The Bellman was of great help in recommending places to eat and how to get to alot of the attractions. If you like to live in Luxury then don't stay here. If you like a clean place to lay your head and is close to everything then this is the place for you!	
Sep 8 2005 	Not a good choice	Our room had cobwebs in the corners, a leaking faucet, paint chips and bare wood showing on the bathroom door, a difficult to operate heating/cooling device, plus an inconsiderate desk clerk. (The bellman and parking attendants were extremely efficient and helpful.)When we checked in, the desk clerk said it would be OK to write a check for the stay instead of using the credit card with which we guaranteed the room. Since I found I had forgotten my checkbook, I had my assistant &quot;Next Day Air&quot; me the check to pay for the room, resulting in an additional $21+ to the cost of our trip. When we tried to check out with my BUSINESS check, it was refused by the &quot;desk manager&quot; and we had to use a credit card I did not want to use.The attitude of the &quot;desk manager&quot; was not conducive to good customer relations.	
Sep 6 2005	Not worth it!!	I visited Chicago in August, 2005. I made the trip with two of my friends. It was my first time in Chicago. When I started looking for hotels, I found the Essex Inn online, and thought it would be a great deal. I was wrong. Yes, the price is reasonable. However, if I would have known ahead of time, I would have paid a lot more money to stay at a nicer place. There were many things that disappointed me about the Essex Inn. First, don't judge the hotel by the pictures on the website. They are very misleading, except for the pool. I will admit that the pool was pretty nice. We expected the rooftop garden to be a nice place to relax and wind down at the end of the day. However, the garden closes at the same time as the pool (10 p.m.). So, there is no time to enjoy the evening on the rooftop. Also, don't expect to have a good view from your room. On the website, they show a view of Lake Michigan, and Grant Park. Unless you are on one of the top floors facing Michigan Ave, then you pretty much have no view at all. The rooms were very small, and VERY 70's! The comforters and window shades were a pukey yellow color. There were a few pictures on the walls. However, one of the pictures in our room was barely hanging on the hook, and the frame was broken. There was duct tape on the window. The floor was stained (both in the bathroom, and the main room). In our hall way, there were random holes in the walls. It was just not what we expected. The staff was very nice over the phone. However, when we got there, the lady at the front desk was not very polite. Every time that we would call down to ask information, they acted like we were just a hassle, and they did whatever they could to get us off the phone quick. Moral of the story.... pay a few more bucks to get a nicer hotel. It may be cheap, but it's not worth it in the end.	
Sep 2 2005	Good value - Loved it!	My wife and I stayed at the Essex Inn for five nights at the end of August.For this we payed 525.00 expecting a basic room.After a cordial welcome we were given a spacious room, nicely furnished with a king size bed and floor to ceiling windows overlooking Grant Park and the Lake. (Just in time for a firework display).The bathroom was small and the tub had seen better days but everything was kept perfectly clean. Linen was changed a number of times (by choice it could have been every day).There was plenty of staff (always a good sign) and they were friendly, helpful and efficient. Bar prices were reasonable as were restaurant meals.We have pleasant memories of our Chicago vacation - helped by our choice of hotel which is well located.	
Sep 1 2005	You get what you pay for! Close to Grant Park	This hotel is old, out-dated and dirty. Our room was clean, however the wall paper was peeling off of the ceiling! There was no light bulbs in the lamps, the carpets had lots of stains! The decor was outdated! The location of the hotel is great! It is close by the free Trolleys, and the staff was helpful! The food in the restaurant was over-priced and nasty! I will never eat there again! My husband, my daughter, and I enjoyed the fact of getting our room earlier than we expected, but maybe if we waited, we could've got a better room! I doubt it! If you want to stay close by the festivals this hotel (South Michigan) would be the place, and if you do not care about the atmosphere, then Essex Inn is the place for you! It is also central location for the Loop, and around lots of Mcdonalds, starbucks, garrett's popcorn, and subway restaurants.	
Aug 17 2005	Getto-fabulous!	My boyfriend and I just returned home from a 2 night stay at the Essex Inn and I should have listen to this reviews before booking our stay there! Although the hotel was great price-wise for poor college students I would never stay there again!When checking in we signed a sheet of paper locking us into our hotel rate and gave them our credit card information...we then found out the next day after taking money out of an ATM and getting our receipt that they took over $100 more out of our checking then they were suppose to! We went and spoke the them immediately and were then told that they take an extra $50 out each day incase there is something wrong with the room. We never were told this or agreed to let them take the money off our card. The whole thing seemed a little sketchy and although it has only been a day since we left that money has still not been placed back onto our account! Although I did take the low price into consideration the place is a rat hole and the only thing nice about it was the artwork in the hallways. I felt like I needed to keep my shoes on the entire time I was in my room and bathroom looked like some nasty Frat house bathroom....the floors were disturbing and the water would not turn off all of the way so it ran constantly. Also... The second day that we were there we placed the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door because we were taking a nap before our next outing...and about an hour later we were woken up by a loud pounding on our door and then moments later someone tried to open the door and would have been able to walk right in if it weren't that we had latched it...we then realized it was housekeeping and then got really pissed off!... So the moral of the story is, stay further up on Michigan, in the end the price isn't worth it!	
Aug 8 2005	Essex Inn at Grant Park great hotel value	We stayed at the Essex Inn in Chicago a few months ago and were pleasantly surprised but both its value and amenities. The inn is neatly kept if not quite old, but the lobby has been renovated in quite a modern fashion. The restaurant in the lobby has hearty pub food as well as a fully stocked bar. The rooms have VERY small bathrooms, but nice and neat bedrooms, and upgrading to a suite is WELL worth it. For an extra $50 per night (on top of a VERY moderately priced typical room rate), we went from an average hotel room to a hotel room plus spacious living room on one of the top floors with floor to ceiling windows that made the view worth the price of the upgrade. Staff is friendly and the gym is worth checking out for its very large indoor swimming pool and outdoor rooftop sitting area. Overall, very pleased with this little known Grant Park accomodation.	
Aug 5 2005	Alright for the money	We just returned from 4 days at Chicago's Essex Inn. The room was small but clean. The bathroom door stuck so if you shut it completely it was hard to open. It would not be good for someone alone unless they were strong. The staff was very nice and helpful. The shuttle driver was also informative and very funny. The vending machines didn't always work but that is probably not the fault of the hotel's. If you are in a hurry forget about waiting for the elevators. Slow, slow slow. The restaurant is a little over priced but that is Chicago. Also 1 morning we had quite a wait because they were short handed. They like to charge plenty for the food but don't seem to want to spend it on help. If you are looking for a place that is reasonable and close to Grant Park and the museum campus this would be fine. If you want to be close to shopping pick a place further up on Michigan Avenue. Also there were the usual panhandlers and poor homeless people. Chicago should probably do a little more for these people. They are always spending money on city improvements but seem to forget these people.	
Jul 22 2005	Beware if you have small children!	This hotel meets your average criteria for clean and decent. But that's it. The rooms are small and so are the bathrooms but not any smaller than a Comfort Inn or Best Western. TV's were fine. Towels were good. Miad service did their job. But remember this hotel is an older hotel and it's age is showing. The decor is late 70's green and yellow. Some things to consider though that may change your mind about this place if you can get past the above noted are:If you have children, especially small children, the rooms have an entire wall of glass - great for the view but not so great for kids. The bottom 1/3 of this glass wall is windows with no screens or grates or any protection. The windows can be opened!!!! We had 2 rooms. In one room the windows handles were removed and the windows were bolted. In the other room, the handles were on the windows and one of them was not bolted. Our 3 year old son was able to open the window. We were on one of the top floors. This is very scary!Our shower was virtually a trickle, while the other room's (adjoining) was full blast. We wouldn't have hot water and the next room would (late at night).Beds are for people no taller than 5'8&quot; or so. Very short. Hubby is 6'3&quot; and even sleeping diagonal it was too short. I'm 5'10&quot; and my feet hung over.We drove to Chicago and were aware that there was a parking fee of $20 a night. However, if you drive a vehicle higher than 6' or longer than an average size car - your special fee is $30 a night. (We had a large SUV). And if you want to take it in/out - count on another $10.Pool is great. Kids loved it, except for the &quot;lifeguard's&quot; dinner break when they close the pool from 5-6:15. ?????Internet rate is the best for this average hotel. Don't pay more.	
Jun 30 2005 	Seedy	Someone reviewed and named the Essex a Rathole. Totally correct.Someone is either lying, or posting reviews from the managementif they say this is a decent hotel for the money. STAY AWAY. You can find other hotels at same rate that at least are not scary.SCARY. SEEDY. TACKY. TACKY. TACKY.Has anyone told you the halls and part way up are covered in old, dirty,LEOPARD carpeting .... the elevators get stuck regularly, and no onecares. Onto &quot;little&quot; things -- did anyone tell you there is NO MAINENTRANCE by which you can pull up and have a bellman get yourbags, or even take the bags in yourself? NO, you must drive aroundand back up a little side street (8th) and ENTER with car and bagsunderneath the hotel in a little parking garage and go in that way.YUCK. Doesn't it raise a red flag when one reviewer said the &quot;Security Guard&quot;made our restaurant reservations??????!!!!!!!!!! There you go. That'swhat you are in for. The rooms are small, but that's ok. I can live with that. But dirty.And another reviewer said, &quot;it was fine because food was not groundinto the carpet at least!&quot; Wow. Now that's discerning. And actually,I did see unnamed spots in carpet that I wasn't about to get close to.Wore my shoes even in the middle of the night. Finally switchedhotels. Not that it matters, what with everything else, but the showeris so tiny that I could not move without bumping my elbows; how domen do it? And a big man just could not. Basically, it is dirty, unsafe, and the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.	
Jun 3 2005	Good value excellent location!	I booked the Essex Inn on Hotwire at a very good rate not knowing which hotel I was getting. After reading the negative reviews on tripadvisor, I was very apprehensive about my stay as I had booked 5 nights. In our case, we had a very pleasant experience. The hotel is very clean, in a good location, and the service by the maids, bellman, front desk, and porters is excellent. The hotel pool and fitness room is top-notch, although the pool was a little cold for my daughter to enjoy herself. I would recommend this hotel as long as you can get a decent rate and aren't expecting the latest decor, fancy bathrooms, or spacious 4-star accomodations. Save yourself some money by getting a CTA visitor pass. The bus stop is right across the street and will take you to all of the major attractions.	
May 1 2005	Essex Inn excellent value for location	We enjoyed our stay at the Essex Inn, it's located on Michigan avenue across the street from the Hilton, and Grant Park. The room was clean, sunny, and all the staff were friendly, the cost of the room was quite reasonable. The Inn provided shuttle service to all of the shops on Michigan Avenue. I'll be staying there again in June!	
Apr 29 2005	Very expensive for very little	My friend and I found our stay dreadful. Room thermostats not working; we got over heated and the pool area was beautiful but unusable due to the extreme humidity and heat (and this was a cool day outside)! Management the next day said we should have just opened our windows; which we tried, but one was stuck closed.The receptionist was nice but given no authority by management. Management was not available when we and numerous other guests were having problems.Expensive valet parking with difficult car access and expectations for constant tips from garage staff. Also don't ask directions; they will confidently give you wrong directions!Nice Bellmen.Bath rooms terribly small.A bad choice, Don't go.	
Apr 4 2005	Essex is fine	For a cheap budget weekend. I think the Americans have a little different expectations on the size of the room - as by UK standards the room was fairly large. So for any UK people going to Chicago for a weekend - then I would say that the Essex is clean and comfortable, and occupies a great location between all the nightlife and shps of North Michigan Avenue and the Museum capmus at the southern end of Michigan Avenue. When we checked in there were a few complaints being made about room service - but we were missing a TV remote - but within 5 minutes of reporting this a replacement was brought to the room.	
Mar 13 2005	cheap or luxury?	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a night in March. When we first walked in we were impressed by the look of the lobby area. We were a little concerned when we were waiting to check in and a lady was complaining about the housekeeping service. The staff was friendly, but didn't put forth the effort to give any information about the hotel or the area, nor was there information in the room. The room was clean, but small and out dated. It was close to attractions and the shuttle service to N. Michigan was nice. The web site makes it look more appealing than what it really is. This is a good place if you are just looking for a cheap place to crash, but if you are looking for luxury look elswhere.	
Feb 18 2005	Essex Inn...Never Again	I have stayed at this hotel once and never again. What a rathole. The room is small and dated, the overall feel of the hotel is 1970s (in a bad way), and my 9th floor room faced a line of noisy buses that sat idling all night, besides other traffic and El noise. Was so bad I checked out and moved to a different hotel the next day. Awful! Pay a few bucks more and stay at: Club Quarters, Hilton, Swissotel, Embassy Suites, Hyatt, Sheraton, Radisson, or one of 100 other nice Chicago hotels, but skip this one, unless it's practically free.	
Feb 14 2005	Avoid at all costs	The Essex needs a serious overhaul. From the drywall tape peeling from the hallway ceilings and wall paper peeling in the bathroom. Along with a bathroom floor that hasn't been scrubbed or even lightly mopped. Plus the bath tub was absolutely filthy and whatever was painted on it was peeling off of the bottom, too. I am not sure what was on the walls of the bathroom around the toilet but it was absolutely gross. The stain under the table by the beds was pretty disgusting too. It's too bad we didn't see these things until we came back to the room later in the evening. The staff was nice and so was the pool area. These are the only things decent about the Essex. If you can, avoid it all costs! It is not worth one penny.	
Jan 31 2005	Ignore the terrible reviews	A bunch of 4 of us stayed here for a week in January, 2 couples with a double room each.To say we were aprehensive about the place would be an understatement, considering the horrific reviews on here. We payed $80 a night per room, including tax, a terrific price, leaving loads of money for shopping!The hotel rooms were fairly large, with 2 double beds in each and an ensiute bathroom. The decor of the rooms and bathroom left a lot to be desired! However, they were clean and for me that is the most important thing. There was no ground in food on the floor, our bathroom was spotless with an abundence of clean towels and we had maid service every day. For $80 a night, a person can't expecet to stay in the lap of luxury but we felt that we got more than value for our money with The Essex Inn and if we were travelling to Chicago again on a budget we wouldn't hesitate to stay there!Please please people don't let the few horribel reviews on here put you off this hotel!	
Jan 17 2005	This was okay	There are a LOT of bad reviews of this hotel, so I was a bit concerned, but it was the cheapest by far and not being picketed, as the Congress Plaza was.It was fine. There wasn't a view and the pool and workout area were closed, but the room was reasonably clean and the staff were helpful enough. Worth the price, but nothing fancy.	
Dec 29 2004	Erase the Essex	We just arrived home to Milwaukee Wi, from an overnight trip to the Windy City, our stay at the Essex was not what we expected from what we read in their website. The room was disgusting to say the least upon entering the room on the 12th floor we encountered in odd odor, the thermostat did not work we had to crack the window open in December just to get somewhat comfortable. The bathroom was dingy and the tub stained. and to top it off our room was near in area were you could here the &quot;L&quot; train all night. The only positive we found was the free shuttle to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave shopping. Be careful when choosing hotels their are other hotels slightly higher but they are worth it. Never Again from Milwaukee	
Dec 24 2004	Stay Away!!!	My husband and I stayed here with a couple of friends back in October. It was sort of a late honeymoon and we were very excited to enjoy all the fun that Chicago has to offer. We booked and paid for the room online and presented the reciept at the front desk when we checked in. That night, however, when I checked my bank account to check on our spending money, the hotel had put a $300 authorization on my card, even though my room was already paid for! (Not to mention that a room doesn't even go for that much!) That left us with no money for our vacation, and would have overdrafted my account if the authorization had gone through. I went downstairs to get an explanation and was (not very politely) told that no one on duty at that time could help me, and I should come back at 8AM! So I dragged myself out of bed at 7:30 only to find that a bill for $150 for the room had been slipped under my door! Now I was very upset, and when I went downstairs I was made to wait 20 minutes for the hotel accountant. Whe he finally showed up, he was not very pleasant, and although he removed the authorization from our account and room charge from the bill, he offered no explanation and an apology of&quot;sorry 'bout that&quot;. We then had to pay a $21 parking fee (not bad for Chicago, but you'd think they would waive it after what we'd been though!). Whatever you do don't stay here! The shabby rooms are NOT worth the price, and although the location is pretty good, the service is horrible!	
Dec 13 2004	acceptable bargain	dec 7,8 2004. samantha at reception was friendly and accomodating. not a lot of staff but all were helpful and friendly. old hotel but clean and functional. bathrooms are small but work as advertised. 3 blocks from harrison (red line), 5 from (roosevelt) orange line from midway. some panhandlers in neighborhood but no moreso than all along michigan ave. only 2 elevators so sometimes a delay. EXCELLENT pool and workout facility with professional equipment just begging for more use. found $61 rate on orbitz for weekdays. we will stay there again if rates remain this low.	
Dec 7 2004	Essex Inn Disappointing	Reserved a family suite with coffee pot, refrigerator, etc. Got a small two room suite with none of the items listed on the web site, not even a table with chairs. Bathroom small. Price high for what you get.	
Nov 21 2004	Not very nice	This is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in. There were holes in the carpet and something that looked like food ground into it. The bathroom and shower were very small and dated. The green tile in the bathroom was missing in some spots. On the elevator, you have to go through the storage room to get to the lobby. Stay at the Swissotel on Wacker! It's much better. Check Travelzoo for great specials!	
Nov 19 2004	Nasty...Better off spending more $$$$ elsewhere	I stayed at the Essex in July 04 and did not have a pleasant experience. The reviews were decent and the price seemed right so we booked it. When we got to the Hotel we were discuted by the nasty appearance. The rooms were dingy, smelled, and felt dirty. It took me 5 minutes just to get the shower to work properly. You could hear the loud noises the shower pipes made all the way down the hallway. Not worth it. Spend a few extra dollars and stay somewhere nicer. We dreaded going back to the Hotel room each night.	
Nov 10 2004	great locationbut not worth the hassle	I stayed at the essex inn this november for a girls weekend and we loved the location. The rooms were a bit dissappointing but not too bad.The only trouble I had was that i paid for the entire room on expedia, and upon check in I had to give them a credit card for &quot;incidentals&quot;. We did not damage the room nor did we take anything from it that did not belong to us. But that did not stop the Essex Inn from charging my card 69 dollars and change FOUR days later for no apparent reason. They've yet to return our phone calls and credit our card.Like I said, great location, but not worth the hassle.	
Nov 5 2004	Essex Inn OK for budget travelers	Stayed Nov. 1 &amp; 2, 2004. Great location on S. Michigan Ave. close to museums and bus line. Hotel is older but was mostly clean and comfortable. The window in my room did not close completely and the sheer curtains were dirty, so I kept the draperies closed the whole two days I was there. The worst part of room was the bathroom--looked like a bathroom in a dormitory in the 1940's. Everything worked and was clean, though, and shower had good pressure and plenty of hot water. I ate breakfast and dinner twice each in the Savoy Grill. Despite the upscale name, was about the same as a Denny's, and was OK (not great). Overall, it was OK for $79/night in this hotel market.	
Nov 2 2004	This place sucks!!!	Do not stay at this hotel. There are much better places you can stay at for about the same price. The Hotel itself is OK, but the customer service is pathetic. We checked out early and went to the Hilton Hotel just 2 blocks down because the service was so bad. (We had a great experience at the Hilton, at the rates were not that much more).This place has rude and unprofessional people.	
Oct 17 2004	Ewwwww	I stayed at the Essex Inn October 13-15, 2004. It was terrible.  I should have been alerted when upon check-in, I was required to sign a paper stating that early checkouts were subject to a $50 charge. There is very little attention to detail in this hotel. The lobby and hallways are dirty and the carpet on my floor (5) was very worn. When I went to unlock my door, I found smudges and some kind of unidentifiable substance on the doorknob....grossss... I asked for a King, but was given two doubles. The decor was cheap and old. The room included shampoo, conditioner, soap and body wash, hairdryer and an iron/ironing board. This was it. No coffee maker, no room service, not even a pad and a pen.  The bathroom scared me and I avoided it as much as possible. It was dingy due to the fact that one of the lightbulbs was burned out. There were stains in the bathtub and the paint on the bathroom door was peeling. The toilet was a commercial toilet similiar to one you would see in a public restroom...overall, it was an unpleasant environment. I only had to stay in this hotel for 2 nights for a convention. One of the other convention attendees told me that she was staying for 4 nights and checked out after the first night because she couldn't stand it. I would have done the same if I would have had to stay for another night.  Do yourself a favor and find a different hotel.	
Oct 5 2004	Good Hotel if on a budget	The Essex was a decent hotel if you are traveling on a budget in Chicago. The location was a bit inconvienent if you are a tourist (I would recommend staying around North Michigan if you can), but if you're in for a convention at McCormick Center, the Essex is a great location. There is a convienent bus stop for the number 3 bus across from the hotel and will take you up and down Michigan to shopping/eats in about 10-15 minutes. The front desk staff were very accomodaing. The room had an iron/board which was important. The building is old, but clean. The bathrooms were pretty tiny, but provided with many towels. The walls seemed fairly thick...never heard our neighbors. I would recommend the Essex in the future.	
Sep 12 2004	I check out early because of poor quality	I stayed at the hotel for a convention center at the McCormic Place.The Essex Inn has beautiful photos on their website - too bad you can't see the stained/burned carpets. If you take a shower there the water will reach your ankles before youre done. The rooms smell bad and the beds have dust mites (look at the crease of the beds before you go to sleep and verify that the sheet don't have blood on them from the bugs biting you or the previous person that slept there).I want to let everyone know of these conditions because the management did not want to listen to my claims.The hotel is in bad condition, I don't recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 14 2004	Cute Hotel and Perfect Location	Stayed at the Essex Inn recently. My husband and two boys loved the hotel and the location. The hotel lobby was small but nice and not overwhelming. The staff, in particular Andrew, was unbelievably helpful in getting us to all the musuems nearby. He also helped us pick some cute Chicago restaurants. The rooms were very nice and spacious. The pool and workout room were great. The only thing I would have wanted was to be able to order drinks at the pool. Reading the posts below, I understand why the workout room has a policy to limit it to people over 18--it's for the safety of the kids--so, I consider that a positive, especially knowing my youngest son.	
Aug 12 2004	Change The Mattresses!	We were assigned a smoking room when we specifically requested a non smoking room. The mattress was so old that it had a dip in the center. The location was good though, and they had a shuttle to different area attractions. I wish the management had been more knowledgeable about late night eateries as we checked in late and there was nothing open in the area. We probably won't stay at the Essex again.	
Aug 10 2004	So So Essex	Stayed at the Essex the last week of July 2004. Hotel was ok, rooms are small but that is to be expected in some of the older hotels. Beds are small, I think they are full-size. Carpets were in need of a shampooing. Very dirty and stained. Pool area is nice but, beware of peeling paint on the bottom of the pool. My daughter had dove into the pool to grab a toy from the bottom and had a paint chip wedged under her finger nail. We had to mention this to the desk people twice and no one seemed to want to report it to management. Another thing about the pool area, make sure you have your room key or you will be acosted by the desk clerk/lifeguard. If you have children under the age of 18, they are not permitted to use the new workout room. If we had been aware of that fact we would have picked another hotel, that information is not listed on the website (that I could find). Our children are in their teens and were not allowed to use the facilites.	
Aug 9 2004	Best Deal in Chicago	One of the best deals in town. I've stayed at the Hilton across the street a few times and decided to give the Essex a try because it's much less expensive. Well, the Essex turned out to be much nicer than the Hilton, which tends to be run down. The Essex has good sized rooms for Chicago and the views were great. Ask for a Lake view. We were so close to the Musuems and the hotel had convenient transportation to and from. The pool and workout room were the best I have ever seen. I will only stay here from now on.	
Jul 31 2004	Good 	This is my second visit to Chicago. I booked the hotel theough Hotwire.com, which iswho would a pretty good deal. I had the rate of 71$ per night. The small lobby is surely elegent and modern, even though is relatively small for such a big hotel. The staff was VERY friendly and polite. I did not have a chance to check out the pool on the fourth floor, but many people said it is nice. I was given the top floor with partial park view and could see Navy Pier. The room is a little bit outdated and the the major problem is in the bathroom. They really need a little bit renovation in the bath. But, if you are not a person that would stay in bathroom more than 10 minutes, it is not a big deal. I think the rate and service is fear, considering its location and complementary service! Have a nice trip!!!	
Jul 29 2004	Nothing special	I stayed at the Essex Inn for two nights, 7/23&amp;24 and found it to be pretty average. It was a combination of the good and the not so good.The Good: Great location for visiting the Museum Campus. A short, and pleasant, walk (15 min.) to the Field Mus. and Shedd Aquarium. Hotel provided a free shuttle service to Navy Pier (and the Mag. Mile). Nice swimming pool. Very helpful Bellman. Helped us with our bags, directions and getting a wheelchair for my mother-in-law upon check-in. Top notch service from him. Decent on site restaurant. Only ate breakfast there. Hard to screw up pancakes and french toast, IMO. But the service was up and down. Decent price. After including all the taxes and daily parking fees it came to $120/nt.The Not So Good: Room was pretty worn around the edges. With a few less amenities than I usually get (no coffee maker, no in-room microwave or mini-fridge). Noisy locale. Maybe that's typical of being downtown, but the El sounded like it was right outside the window. The outside wall of the room was a floor to ceiling window. Which, I suppose, makes the room brighter and gives you a nice view (Of what, though? Our room just faced the Hilton across the street). But I think the glass wall also let in more street noise. Service without a smile. Other than the Bellman's professional manner, no one else on the staff we encountered seemed to act like they enjoyed working there, much. Attitudes ranged from indifference to borderline resentment for having to deal with us.A pool and convenient access to the Museum Campus were two important features we wanted and the Essex supplied both of those. However, on our next trip to Chicago, if we stay downtown, I will search around for another place that offers those same features.	
Jul 27 2004	A good value	We came for the Bayern Munchen v. Manchester United soccer game on July 25th. The room was $109 for 2 double beds. Big enough for myself, husband, and 2 kids. The room wasn't beautiful, but it was clean and the price was right.	
Jul 26 2004	Nice stay	Stayed at the Essex on July 17th. We were in town for the weekend to see a Cubs game and had stayed at the Sheraton the last time we were in town so we wanted to try something different. We arrived early (noon) and check in time wasn't until 3. They had a room ready for us so, we went up and unpacked. We were on the 4th floor right by the pool across from the elevators. We were a little worried about noise from the pool or elevators but it didn't bother us at all. The room was a little small but we were only there to sleep in it so it didn't really bother us. Had lunch at the Savoy restaraunt in the lobby and enjoyed it very much. We loved the location of this hotel. Very close to Navy Pier and the new Milenium Park. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Jul 6 2004	Cheap and smelly	We stayed here for the Taste of Chicago and the room was ok but the bed smelled like someone crapped on the blankets. It was late so I didn't call down to the desk to get another, I just threw the blanket off and tried to get some sleep breathing in that awful smell. Other than that it was ok.	
Jun 25 2004	highly recommend	Have stayed at the Essex Inn 3 times in past year. Will never stay anyplace else unless the Essex is not available. A little older hotel, but rooms very clean and well kept. Any request for needs have always been taken care of quickly. All staff is friendly and go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable. Very knowledgeable about area and do their best to assist you with all your needs. The shuttle service is wonderful. We have not taken car out of garage except to go home. Staff pay attention to detail. Many remember where we are from and often remember plans from previous day and ask how they went. This is definitely home away from home.	
Jun 21 2004	Look harder or spend more	My family (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed here for 4 nights in June. The rooms are tiny and just seemed &quot;not clean&quot; (dirty is too harsh of a discription). Who knew there was a bed smaller than a double but bigger than a twin. The shower drained so slowly that we had to wait 20 minutes between showers. The sink was worse. The restaraunt was mediocre at best and was dirty (spoons with gunk on them, coffee cups with lipstick...). On the positive side: The location is excellent if you are planning on visiting the Museum Campus. The hotel offers a free shuttle that was very convenient and the pool area is great.For $100 a night, it was an inexpensive 4 nights in Chicago but I would have preferred spending another $50 per night and staying at the Hilton next door. 	
Jun 9 2004	Great place great value	Great value! Good hotel to choose if you are budget-minded. The pool area is excellent and enjoyable for kids and adults. It is a smaller hotel with fewer amenitites, but it was clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Apr 23 2004	Great location good deal	We've stayed at the Essex a number of times while visiting Chicago. It is a great spot for the budget conscience. Located a short walk from the Shedd Aquarium, the Field Museum, Adler Planetarium, Chicago Art Museum, the park (where music &amp; more take place) and pretty decent dining, I'd recommend this hotel for those who'd prefer to save the few extra bucks to use on shopping &amp; touring.We've also used the deli for a quick brunch before heading out to the shopping district or hitting the museums and attractions. It's not bad, a smidge more than you'd pay in, say, Toledo for the same fare but a fairly decent deal.This hotel is not a rush-rush-rush like some of the other hotels in the area which is good and bad, I suppose. As we've stayed all over Chicago, this is not our first choice but definitely one of our top choices for the money.	
Apr 9 2004	Best Value the Essex	I go to the Windy City at least once a year, I stay almost exclusively at the Essex. The location is fantastic! In the summer, there is a dance/music festival inside Grant park almost right across the street from the Essex. From this hotel, one can easily walk to the Field Museum, the Aquarium, Buckingham Fountain, the Harbor, and the Chicago Art Institute. It is one of the few independent hotels that has its own parking, and they don't charge an arm and a leg.When you are driving to Chicago, you take Interstate 55 to the end, it dumps you off on Lake Shore drive, you travel north for a few blocks, then left, and you are right there! So, despite the horror stories regarding traffic in Chicago, this hotel has easy access.I just can't say enough great things about this establishment. And, hands down, best value.	
Apr 7 2004	Friendly and very well kept secret	My family really enjoyed staying at the Essex Inn in Chicago. The prices were very reasonable. The rooms were very clean and tidy. The staff was more helpful than anywhere we had stayed before. The food at the Hotel was very good. Another thing the Hotel was located right on the bus line, making it very easy to get around. The shuttle from the hotel was a real nice benefit for someone that doesn't know their way around. This was our first time to Chicago and would recommend this hotel for anyone. The pool was very big and has a lifeguard on duty. 3/26/04	
Mar 25 2004	The Only Place I'll Ever Stay IN Chicago	The hotel price was great, the rooms were clean, and the staff was courteous. What more could we have wanted. Well, my husband and I went on one of their football packages and it turned out perfect. The convenience to the football stadium was unbelievable. Also, the hotel ran shuttles to the shops and it was within walking distance to all the musuems. Next trip we need to take our kids because they have the best indoor pool. Also, our kids would enjoy the musuems.	
Mar 18 2004	Very Cozy	I was very happy with the Essex Inn. I arrived on a Friday afternoon and stayed until Sunday. As soon as I arrived, the hotel Valet took my car to a parking garage and I was greeted by a very friendly bellhop that carried all of our luggage. Check in was quick. I had 1 room with 2 double beds for me and my 3 girlfriends. The rooms are on the small side and the decor is a little outdated but everything was very clean and cozy. The price was fantastic, even hotels farther away were much more pricey. The hotel had a free shuttle that left every hour to take you to the strip of shops on N. Michigan , the Navy Pier, or anywhere else you wanted to go in the vicinity. In the evenings we visited the restaurant and the bartender there was fantastic. She was very friendly and we all had a great time conversing with her. All of the staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. If you can't afford a luxury hotel but still want some of the same amenities, I highly recommend the Essex Inn. I plan on coming back this summer	
Feb 8 2004	RSNA here we come!	After travelling for over 10 hours, we were pleased to see our home for the next 6 nights &quot;Chicago's Essex Inn&quot;. Upon arrival, all the staff were really welcoming and we were escorted up to our room. Having read the reviews on this page, all I can say is that I was pleasantly suprised! Two big beds, a nice big TV and an en-suite bathroom. Perhaps, what lets it down was no coffee &amp; tea making facilities, but we could make do with the cold drink dispensor by the lift! What is great is the location, walking distance to Soldier Field (Chicago Bears ) and major museums. McCormick Place, where our conference was held was also close. To get downtown, there is a courtesy bus running every hour which was great. The &quot;savoy grill&quot; in the hotel was excellent for breakfast and dinner, food really good, although a smile from the waitresses wouldn't have gone a miss!	
Jan 29 2004	Good bargain nice staff rooms are clean but small.	Clean rooms and the staff was very, very nice. I really appreciated the free internet access. If you're looking to a place to rest your head at a low price, this is an okay place to stay for a 3-* hotel. Personally, though, I had a chance to stay at a 4-* hotel for an extra 20.00 and I should have done that. The room we stayed in was small and I felt a bit cramped with two people in there. This hotel is perfect for a solo traveller who wants to save a bit of money.	
Jan 6 2004	Essex Stinks		
Dec 1 2003	good deal		
Nov 11 2003	Great Location and Good for Kids		
Oct 6 2003	Could be better		
Sep 24 2003	Yuck!		
Sep 10 2003	Worst hotel ever/zero amenities!		
Jul 16 2003	our stay at the essex		
Feb 4 2003	great value!		
Dec 31 2002	It's a Tradition		
Sep 6 2002	Medioce Hotel with Great Prices and Great Location		
Sep 21 2009 	Precio- calidad no!		
May 28 2009	gute LageHotel na ja		
Nov 25 2008 	?????????		
Oct 21 2008	Nettes Hotel		
Oct 5 2008 	????????????????		
Apr 30 2008 	Si vuelvo a Chicago....regreso a este hotel		
