	A great spot!	We have always been pleased with our stays at Intercontinental hotels. Chicago was especially pleasant with a helpful staff.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location- wonderful city.	My husband and I went here for a short (week) winter holiday to ring in the new year.We enjoyed all aspects of our stay.The room was comfortable, well appointed and welcoming after a hard days shopping/sightseeing! If you happen to go to this hotel it can be hard to go beyond the hotels main street which is choc- a -block full of a shopping divas every whim! (Inc.Macys)If you go for new year-nothing beats the midnight fireworks extravaganza at Navy Pier-(its walking distance from the hotel)- come prepared for the winter chill though- when it gets cold in Chicago it gets REALLY cold.- blocks of ice puncuate the pavements like carerra marble teeth- at first its hard to ascertain exactly what they are- the masses of compact ice refuse to melt, and periodically you come accross signs warning you against the dangers of falling ice!(TRY DODGING THAT!).We made a trip out to Aurora( remember Waynes World???)- well also a great retail shopping outlet- the train alone was a treat(do it its an eye opener) - the sales also happened to be on when we got there( double joy!).Needless to say we didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel-I thought the location was super,rooms good,but really theres so much to see and do you will be enjoying yourself too much to give too much thought to room details!!The only thing which they could review for next New Years Eve is their early closure of the bar- we came back from Navy Pier on New Years Eve Night only to be told the bar was closed- yes - even to residents??(There is actually a-v.handy Starbucks in the lobby-I think it was even open!)There are p-l-e-n-t-y of excellent eatieries- check out the rooftop(you will see a conservatory type feature protrusion)-accross and to the rightfrom te hotel(can't recollect the name- excellent- we went there for an evening meal- it snowed- it was like hovering in a cloud(-oh if you are fond of a g n t their tonic water in bombay sapphire gin is toxic/explosive but ..flat- be warned). All good- hard to get everything done- went again at Easter with family(gd for children)- must sees- Shedd Acquarium(A1),Planetarium,Museum Natural History,Chicago Institute of Modern Art (full of pointillist studies), Sears Tower-excellent,Chicago Bulls(A+++++++++++==F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C), Chicago White Sox- bring blankets for same if you go in winter- I kid thee not- although you can avail of hot chocolate.River Tour- later in season- if th e notion takes you you can also prebook /view an Oprah show.Went to Musical- A1 2-so many things..so little time.. its a city to FEAST ON! Enjoy!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Another bright spot in Downtown Chicago	I was a guest at the InterContinental during the May 2009 Society of Hospitalist Medicine Conference- the venue hotel was booked. I enjoyed my stay immensely. The staff was very attentive-- especially during the rainstorm which greeted me upon my arrival. They were there with umbrellas to keep me dry as the cab driver unloaded my luggage. My room had a problem with the thermostat, but the front desk was very receptive when I brought it to their attention. Despite the busy downtown activity, the staff gave excellent individual attention. I will return to the InterContinental whenever my travel plans lead me to Chicago.	
Nov 16 2009 	Couldn't have been better!!	We only stayed one night but, the service was excellent, location was better than we imagined, and they were very flexible! We arrived in Chicago three and a half hours early and they were nice enough to let us check in early! Concierge was more than helpful with directions and food recommendations. I would love to go back! Highly recommended.	
Nov 14 2009 	The Chicago Intercontinental is starting to feel like a luxurious second home	Superb service and luxury but without any snobbish attitude. I stay here frequently and always feel well cared for. I am fortunate enough to travel all over the world and this place is my favorite for the understated luxury and comfort...and that POOL! It is simply fantastic!	
Nov 13 2009	Loved this location	We got a really good rate thru Hotwire and the location right on Michigan Avenue was perfect. Everything was just a short walk away. Parking was $53 a night which is a lot, but parking downtown is expensive. We were able to leave the car parked all day long while we went shopping and sightseeing so all in all it wasn't a bad deal. Comfortable bed and lovely bathroom. I think we had the &quot;Hotwire Special&quot; room because it was really small, looked out onto the rooftop A/C units and was next to the elevator. However, the room was lovely and quiet so who cared :) The staff was smart, efficient and pleasant.	
Nov 10 2009 	Girl's Weekend with American Girl	We take a yearly &quot;Girl's Weekend. There were eight of us ranging in ages from eight to eighty. I called the Intercontinental Hotel ahead to request ajoining rooms, two beds in each room and non-smoking. I mentioned that we were going to visit the American Girl Store as we have two girls with dolls. We arrived around noon and to our amazement, there were two hot pink star cookies with milk in each room! Waiting on the bed was a personal invitation to the girls to visit the store and a fold up bed for each one of the dolls as a complimentary gift to the girls. You can only imagine how excited the girls were.The hotel staff was great. The girls had a fun time in the pool then took their showers in the Athletic Club-they supplied everything from shampoo and conditioner to a blow dryer. One of the girls did not pack a toothbrush so we called the front desk and they sent up toothbrush and paste. We received &quot;Red Carpet&quot; treatment! We &quot;Pricelined&quot; this hotel and sometimes because of that you get inferior service. We did NOT! The staff was awesome and we would go again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Never again!	Well. I had thought that the InterContinental was an upscale chain, having stayed at the one in Hong Kong (formerly the Regent). I was mistaken. I stayed at this one for 2 days while attending a meeting and was very disappointed. The positives first: location, staff, lobby, food/drink. A Starbucks in the lobby. These were all fine if not better than fine. I suppose the $276/night was for these features.And then the negatives....The room was just deplorable. The Crowne Plaza in Minneapolis I stayed at last month was far better. I was in the &quot;nonhistoric&quot; side of the hotel--the room was tiny and in need of serious renovation. The bathroom was small, dingy, with peeling wallpaper, cheap or worn fixtures, scratchy towels, and sink faucets that went in the wrong direction. The bed was fine, however, comfortable with good linens. The fee to use the hotel gym was another unpleasant little surprise. I don't even know where to begin with that one, as I have not encountered that problem before. At what is basically $300/night, it seems insulting to ask hotel guests to pay extra for that.I guess I was shocked at the discrepancy between the attention to the nice lobby area, public spaces/services, customer service (excellent at the front desk and at the curb), and the very poor conditions of the room. I understand that this is a big city and that the hotel is in a great location, but I felt like I had been deceived. There are plenty of hotels to choose from in Chicago. Next time, even if I have to spend a little more, I will go elsewhere.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Location	Great location - Lots of ammenitiesZest - Great restaurant - Staff (Frank &amp; Louis) were great.Lisa at front desk was very accommodatingWish we had of known more about the historical tower. Would have booked a room there. Had a look at one room and was very impressed (More roomy)The room we had in the new section was small and requires refurbishing	
Oct 14 2009 	This hotel did not measure up to 4 star quality. Lacking in several areas.	Upon check-in, staff was polite but offered no information about the hotel. I was suppose to have a Magnificent Mile Suite and paid for this; however, I could only see a side street. Bathroom was very small.I stayed Wed.-Sun. and each day something was missing from my room. No shampoo, no washclothes, no glasses. Restaurant was great with good service. Customer service was lacking with many areas. The hotel is over priced for what you get.	
Oct 13 2009 	It was fine but nothing special.	The Hotel InterContinental is in an ideal location, right on Michigan Avenue. Everything was in good condition, perhaps recently renovated. The room was average size for a city hotel, but it did have a built in sofa under the window which was convenient. The bathroom was small and the tub was so small and shallow it would have been a better idea to rip it out and build a nicer shower. The bedding was very comfortable, but the towels were scratchy. Skip the in-room coffee, its bad, and go downstairs and get a cup at the SBUX in the lobby. If you're hungry, be warned the room service is pricey. There is a fun place behind the hotel called Reagle Beagle. The burgers were great and the drinks were inexpensive. Not a bad hotel, but nothing special.	
Oct 12 2009 	Right on Michgan Avenue	A great place to take a mini-vacation in downtown Chicago. Our corner room. an upgrade to the tower, was comfortable with windows overlooking the lake in one direction and the river in another....the large bathroom had a tub and separate shower. The best part was being able to step out the door onto Michgan Avenue and start our day of exploring. There were so many sights, restaurants, stores, etc. within walking distance that we felt we had an apartment in the city. The staff was very courteous and helpful. I plan on staying here again when we come back.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great place for kids	Easy to find, kid friendly. The pool was hard to get to, but it was nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beauty and excellent service...right in the center of the Magnificent Mile.	A friend and I flew into Chicago for a &quot;girls weekend away&quot; and stayed at the InterContinental. We chose this hotel because it is right on North Michigan St. with all its shops (Nordstroms, Filene's Basement, The North Face, Nike, etc. etc. etc.) The hotel is very beautiful with an elegant lobby. You probably already know about the famous swimming pool. Our room had two comfortable queen beds, a desk, a recliner, very nice sized flat-screen television, in-room coffee maker (small) with coffee and tea, and terry bathrobes. No fridge or microwave. The window actually opened! Elevators were fast and never a long wait. The wonderful concierge provided exceptional service, directing us to a great Italian restaurant only blocks away (and getting us a reservation so we didn't have to wait for a table ... and there were LOTS of people waiting for tables) one night and a great Thai restaruant and Blues bar another night. He also helped us get reservations to the House of Blues Gospel Brunch on Sunday. Couldn't believe that the food was so affordable!  We took the El from the airport to within 3 blocks of our hotel - for $2.25! Sure beats the cost of a taxi! We walked everywhere...including to the Chicago river for a boat tour highlighting the skyline's architecture, out to Navy Pier to the Stained Glass Museum, to the Chicago Institute of Art, and, of course, to the park to see the &quot;bean&quot; - Cloud Gate - sculpture and eat a real Chicago hot dog. Every evening we returned to a clean room with fresh complimentary toiletries for a rest before heading out to hear live music. We didn't have time to check out the hotel's own Wine and Chocolate bar (what a great combination!). The only &quot;negative&quot; I can think of regarding this hotel was that although we tried to &quot;be green&quot; by hanging up our towels to be used a 2nd day, as the placard in the marble-tiled bathroom suggested, the maids put fresh towels in every day.	
Oct 8 2009 	Looking for a pool with old time charm stay HERE!!	The rooms were clean, it was centerally located. The pool is what really sealed the deal for me. IT was really neat.	
Oct 8 2009 	2 Thumbs up!	Great location, clean room, friendly staff, historic pool that the kids loved and I enjoyed the sauna.	
Oct 8 2009 	Overbooked and underapologetic	I went for a conference, and was booked, paid for and confirmed for late arrival. When I arrived exhausted after midnight, the hotel was overbooked. I was shipped off to a lesser hotel (20 minutes away but evidently owned by Intercontinental) for the night. Ultimately I got my room, an apology from the manager, and 1 free night (to be used in the future), but I was exhausted and never recovered from that first poor night of sleep.	
Oct 8 2009 	Elegant stay	I returned to Chicago for my anniversary with my wife. She wanted to have a night downtown and since I had stayed here for over a week early in April, 2009, I thought this would be the best since it is on Michigan Ave. She loved the hotel and the shopping and the food around the hotel. Go to Rush Street!! Amazing places to eat there. While this is an expensive hotel, it is worth doing this once a year. I would recommend this to anyone for a nice night on the town with endless possibilities around the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	great chicago hotel	i would rate the hotel a five star.the room was great.it had the best bathroom i have ever seen.the location downtown was perfect.the only bad thing was the parking the car was $53. per day?they should hide that in the price of the room.	
Oct 6 2009 	I really liked this hotel	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Inter Continental with my spouse on a 3 day business trip. The valet parking was quick &amp; efficient and check in was a breeze.The rooms were very quiet and comfortable , the HD tv was really spectacular,and the room service meals were quick,plentiful,and very well prepared. The location was wonderful for my wife who was able to shop to her hearts content on the magnificent mile. This was my first time at this hotel and I will definitely return.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice place and great location	The rooms are quiet and clean, although ours was bit small. The hotel is in a great location, right on Michigan Avenue. We didn't have much contact with the staff, so we can't comment there. Overall a very classy place. For breakfast skip the hotel and head about two blocks east to Mary's Cafe. If you like unique diners you won't be disappointed.Parking by valet was steep at $53 dollars. Just a block or two east on Grand Ave. you will find garages at about $30 to $35 per night.We booked on Hotwire at a great rate.	
Oct 2 2009 	Front desk staff were rude unhelpful and lied	Had a reservation for a conference there 9/21/09. Flight had an emergency landing in Memphis so I called the hotel to ask them to hold my reservation and that I would arrive the next morning. They pleasantly agreed and said, &quot;We willl see you in the morning.&quot; When I arrived the next morning I was told they had given my reservation away. I was referred to a manager who told me in &quot;good faith&quot; (in a tone connotating I did not call) that they would waive the &quot;no show&quot; fee ($300 in this case). Having had very little sleep, I lost my patience, and raised my voice, asking them why a phone call to their hotel was not good enough. They allowed me to stay 1 night then I had to find my own reservation to another hotel (they claimed they were working on doing that all day). When I checked out the next morning they then tried to claim I did not call the hotel directly (though I have the cell phone records to prove it) and got home to discover on my credit card bill that they did not waive the no show fee like they had offered. I would have gladly paid for the night I missed... I did not ask them to waive the no show fee---they offered. They were trying to blame me and were not sorry, helpful or understanding that I had experienced a horrific flight in getting there. Rooms and service were better at the Marriott across the street for less money.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel and service	I spent a night at the Intercontinental Chicago last week. On checking in I was upgraded to a room in the original tower. The room was perfect, comfortable and quiet; internet connection fast and reliable; and concierge services top notch. Highly recommended.	
Sep 28 2009 	Perfect location! Great stay	Stayed at this Hotel in June 6th, 2009 for the Honduras - US World Cup match. The hotel room was incredible and the bathrooms were great. Had a blast and I am looking forward to staying here again in October. Can't say enough about the location. Look forward to staying at the Historic Tower.	
Sep 26 2009 	like cockroaches?	I have never written a review before but after killing cockroaches in my room 2308 yesterday morning I am obliged to make this information public.....Truly unforgivable.	
Sep 25 2009 	One Little problem..Otherwise Spot on!!!!	Second part of my trip to the States took me to Chicago..Although i've travelled to the States a fair few times, i'd never been to Chicago before so was quite excited about it..After the internal flight from San Francisco and the transfer from O'Hare, we arrived at this beautiful hotel....In to check in...Problem.....No non smoking twin rooms available until the next day (which was a Sunday!) Now this to me is almost shambolic i'm afraid, but there we were offered an upgrade to a King bed room with a rollaway!!!!!! Great!!!Still no option, the woman on the desk was very helpful, and i made a point of thanking her for sorting the problem out. She said that our bags would be moved to the new room for us the next day..Came in the next evening..yes all your bags have been moved..we go to the new room...yep..NO BAGS!!!!!! Back down i go...Eventually they did arrive..actually at one point the bellman appeared at the new room with just his trolley, before sussing that he had to go and get the bags first!!! It was rather funny!!!!Aside from that the hotel is first rate..The rooms are big, and the bathrooms are simply brilliant!!!!Be warned though, a lot of conferences appear to go on, so the hotel always seemed really busy. There is an amazing indoor pool which has to be seen to be believed. The staff are very friendly, and aside from the room issue it would have got a five star rating.	
Sep 23 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	This was my first time staying at this property and it was wonderful. Next time I shop downtown Chicago, I will try to stay at this hotel. Great location, beautiful rooms, and the lounge was a lot of fun. The only thing I would change is the amount of staff on at the front desk for a Sunday check-out. There were only two individuals checking people out and the line was almost to the enterance of the property. I would have used the in-room check out screen via the television, but it was not working.	
Sep 22 2009 	Don't get it...	Looks like there's a lot of positive reviews on this property, and I couldn't disagree more. Just to keep this short, upon checkin I had to wait while the person at the front desk answered a phone call before she would help me. This is such a huge no-no. My request to be put in the &quot;historic&quot; section of the hotel was not granted (and given this was winter in Chicago, I can't imagine that there wasn't at least some availibility). The room itself was decent but small, and the bathroom was a joke. The door was abnormally narrow, the sink was devoid of any surface to put simple toiletries on, and best yet - the flushing handle on the toilet reminded me of the kind that you kick with your foot in dirty public restrooms. Really, couldn't they have something a bit more civilized? To get ice I was required to make a trek several floors away as there was no machine on my floor. To make matters worse, the elevators were painfully slow and I believe one of the 4 elevators was out of service...the trip for ice literally took me 25 minutes.Would never stay here again no matter what the price. In fact when I book rooms via Hotwire, I actually try to stay *away* from the region and star rating that the InterContinental resides in....which is a shame because the Conrad across the street is in the same category and is light years better than this old, tired lady.	
Sep 17 2009 	Small room for high price.	A very small room in a nice bulding a good location. old fashion furniture. The only impressive thing is the lobby and the builduing.They charge for everything, U$ 18 for 1mb internet conection 24hs. For the same price go the the Conrad acrros the street or the wonderful Hard Rock Hotel.Don't waste your money here.	
Sep 11 2009 	It was awesome	We stayed in this place for 2 nights and really loved it. we got a good deal on hotwire for it ( 350$ for 2 nights )The location is great, in magnificent mile, walking distance to Navy Pier and lots of other cool places. When we arrived, the hotel lobby was crazy crowded and we had to wait in a long line to check in. But the staff were really friendly and they gave us a room on the 32 nd floor. It had a fantastic view to the lake . The room was really nice and well decorated. It was a bit small though. We didn't try any of the restaurants on site, so I cannot comment on them. But there was a starbucks in lobby level which was convenient. The only negative point of this hotel is the parking issue ( which is a natural problem in magnificent mile ) They charge 53 $ per night for the valet service. I found a close by parking with a lower rate and parked there. The whole crazy traffic and the stress of finding a parking was a bit of negative point for us in the begining.Otherwise this place is great and if you are looking for a pleasant stay , go for it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Very pleased with accommodations and service.	We booked this room through a third party but were treated like we were a frequent guest. The room was spacious, clean with a nice view. Everyone we interfaced with provided friendly service. We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Really Nice Hotel	The hotel is beautiful. It is an excellent location. There was a few minor issues. The hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd. There were charges for almost everything, although I did not incur any of these. Our room was a little small for the class of hotel, but not overwhelmingly small. Not a true complaint, but the elevators were very slow. My comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip, and the Intercontinental's were significantly slower. That's it, no more little nit picks.The staff was excellent, the doormen being the highlight. The hotel bar was also very nice. The hotel was immaculately clean. I would definitely travel to this hotel again.	
Sep 8 2009 	great business hotel	Did some wonderful shopping below hotel. It is located above the miracle mile river and is in a gorgeous location. Beware they do charge a lot of add on's for spa, working out, etc. Great location though.	
Sep 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel and excellent location	A group of 4 couples stayed at this hotel Labor Day weekend. It is beautiful and we couldn't have asked for a better location! We stayed in the Historic Tower and the rooms were a nice size and had a great view of the Mag Mile. The staff was great as well. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 7 2009 	Not for tourists	The location is right above the river on the Magnificent Mile, but this hotel is for business travelers. They charge for internet, gym use, pool, everything, expecting guests to expense the charges. It is an immaculate, lovely hotel, with a comfortable bar and attentive staff. Just be forewarned about the nickel and diming, when there are great deals for nearby boutique hotels that better cater to tourists.	
Sep 6 2009 	THE Hotel for the High-Maintenance Traveler	Our family usually stays at 4-5 star hotels. This was our first visit and when we return to Chicago, we won't even think of staying anywhere else. The accommodations were luxurious, CLEAN, and first class. The staff was unbelievable. We own a business in Texas and I would love to hire some of these people to work for us. They are not afraid to work and it is apparent that they love their jobs. I'll be taking a &quot;girl&quot; trip soon, back to Chicago and I can't wait to share this great experience with my friends. It is in a very prime location for walking . Thank you, thank you, thank you.	
Sep 6 2009 	Wonderful hotel and staff. Perfect location.	The staff at the Intercontinental Chicago has obviously been trained in the in and outs of customer service. The were very service oriented and eager to provide information to make our stay in Chicago the best it could be. The location of the hotel is unsurpassed. It is on the the Miracle Mile and within walking distance of great museums, parks, shopping and excellent restaurants.	
Aug 31 2009 	The historic tower at the Intercontinental Hotel Chicago was great!	Our room was spacious and beautifully decorated. We loved the view of Lake Michigan and of the Chicago Tribune tower. All the staff were very helpful, and the room was spotless. I complimented the housekeeper's service at the desk on our check out. The travertine in the large bathroom was exquisite. It was a business trip, but the hotel made us feel like we were on vacation. Thank you. Janeen	
Aug 29 2009 	Extra Charges is only thing keeping this from a 5 star	I have stayed here before and I love this hotel. It is so beautiful and in a great location. I visit Chicago yearly for a Leadership Summit and I stay here or the Embassy Suites depending on which is offered.First the bad, everything is extra here. Internet, fitness center and just about everything else. I never leave home without the laptop and work while I'm away but I did not purchase internet at the hotel. The headquarters hotel that the conference was at had free internet hot spots so I took my netbook there and worked between sessions and at the end of the day. I just can't see paying $12.95 a day when I'm only using it an hour or two.I did not get to tour the hotel this time even though I swore I would but I did check out the pool and it was beautiful. The security guard recommended that you go to the old section and start on the 8th floor and walk all the way down checking out each floor. Hopefully next year.This trip I did get to see rooms in both the old and new sections. My traveling partner was in the new section in room 1062. The room was small but beautiful and very clean. If they took the couch out it would feel like you had a lot more room. She was very happy with her room.I stayed in the historic section in room 2415. My room wasn't ready when we got there but we were early and they were very busy. It was ready about 1/2 hour after the promised time, about 4 pm. My room was large and had a very big bathroom with a separate shower. Again this hotel is very clean. Water was $6.95 a bottle and the mini bar was way overpriced even for a hotel. A stop at Walgreens fixed that.The bed was comfy and once I got to sleep I never woke up at night or heard any of the neighbors. The room was just plain wonderful. I had a king bed and there were 4 big fluffy pillows on the bed. My husband would have loved it. I need a firm pillow and always travel with my contour pillow. I had a semi-river view and it was pretty. There was a great old building across from my room that I had a view of and it was nice.Finally a hotel with good TV channels. I was so tired at the end of the day I couldn't even read so I enjoyed falling asleep to the TV. The person I traveled with this year kept me pretty busy and I got to see a little more of Chicago then I usually do.One item noted by myself and my friend was that even though we hung the towels up to reuse they replaced them. If you are not going to conserve water by letting the guests reuse towels then don't put the little cards in that say you will. Good selection of soap and shampoo and stuff. They offered both bar soap and bath gel. I hate when hotels cheap out and only offer bar soap. There is a blow drier there for those who like to know. I didn't use it so don't know how strong it is.There is also a coffee maker in the bathroom that makes the little pots of coffee. I did use this every morning before hitting Starbucks.All the hotel staff was helpful and friendly. Starbucks was not crowded in the morning this trip as in the past so we had a nice coffee on our walk to the conference.All in all if you want to stay in a beautiful hotel in Chicago whose prices are pretty much par with the rest, stay here. My first choice is the Embassy Suites because of the free internet and breakfast which saves my travel budget but for beauty you can not compare to this hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Recommended to anyone wanting to stay in the heart of Chicago	We got a great deal on Hotwire for this hotel. Fantastic location. Helpful and friendly staff. Beautiful swimming pool. Very nice room. I really liked this hotel, it was a great place to stay.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location but Watch Out for Nickel and Diming!	This was my third stay at this hotel. Here's the good. The location is unbeatable, putting the Loop, Aert Institute, Navy Pier, River North restaurants, and Magnificent Mile shopping, within blocks. The pool, which is in a Moorish themed room of palatial size, is the grandest I have ever encountered in a downtown hotel in an American city. Beautifully tiled, immaculate and up to ten feet deep. The buffet breakfast is of high quality with made to order eggs and omelettes, warm quiches, bread pudding, and a meat of the day, The rooms are comfortable and elegant, if not quite luxuriousHere's the not so good. Parking was $53, not the quoted $50 when I made the reservation. I made the reservation through the property, as an Intercontinental Ambassador, but I did not receive the requisite upgrade. (Maybe I should have used Priceline and paid a lot less if this is how they treat &quot;Ambassadors&quot;). When I complained, the hotel did offer a suite in the less desirable new wing, instead of our two connecting rooms, but the bed configuration was unsuitable. Free internet which was offered as part of the Ambassador package was not available. The hotel offered a free in-room movie instead. Although the pool was free, the fitness center imposed a $12 daily charge (or $16 per stay) On departure, we discovered that we had been charged a gratuity for the breakfasts (which were included in our package). We had left cash gratuities each morning and were dismayed at this charge, which was imposed without our knowledge. The hotel also charged for one day's breakfast, claiming we had eaten after 11, nearly two hours after we had left the hotel. All these charges were removed, but we had to get past front desk staff, and speak to a supervisor. The whole experience left a very bad taste in our mouths. Also, it cost me over $20 to print four boarding passes and check my e-mail in the business center/So go with your eyes open and your hands on your wallet. Ask for the historic tower. Don't bring a car unless absolutely necessary,	
Aug 24 2009 	Great room great hotel great view great location great exercise club!	Outstanding hotel in all ways. Extremely well-managed and maintained hotel. Superb room with view of Lake Michigan on two sides. Service was very strong, especially room service, housekeeping, and the concierge desk. All three were very responsive, flexible and pleasant. The hotel had everything you could want, a concierge desk that knows all of the good restaurants, a great bar and restaurant, a Starbucks, and exceptional location in an exceptional city. The recent renovation of the hotel has it in tip-top shape. And bring your sneakers and swimsuit when you visit. They have a great health club and beautiful pool.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Location / Great Value	We very much enjoyed the stay at the hotel. The room had a clean decor, the hotel staff truely helpful. The hotel is very well located I could just walk to all attractions. Five star service in my experience. I will return...	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location and amazing hotel	What can I say - great location and an amazing historic hotel and a bargain at $99 per night for a deluxe room.But a few negatives - concierge pretty unhelpful, staff in ENO - wine, cheese and chocolate tasting room completely stuck up!! Our room had no view at all just building opposite and when we enquired about a move told nothing available - can't quite believe that in a hotel with 792 rooms!Good points - lovely bathroom with great toiletries, pool is amazing, fast wi fi connection, charming helpful bellboys, location is awsome - just a step away from all the shops and restaurants in North Michigan Avenue area, and a short walk to the lake.Would definitely return.	
Aug 15 2009 	Best accommodations I've experienced in Downtown Chicago	I had flown in that morning from San Diego, CA, and had an overnight stay booked at InterContinental on Michigan Ave. in ChiTown. I wanted to share a couple of days of fun with my Michigan friends and was very pleased at the willingness of the employees to accommodate our needs. Although our room was not readily available (even after 3:00 p.m.), the check-in staff offered to provide us with a few coupons for complimentary drinks at the hotel bar while we waited. I was especially pleased when offered free breakfast coupons when the staff didn't produce our held luggage in a timely fashion. Our room was spacious and the view of the City was superb. What was a very long tiring day could have been spoiled by the delays, but the hotel staff went out of their way to make sure our stay was enjoyable.	
Aug 12 2009 	Bait and Switch	Be very wary if you stay at this hotel after booking a stay that is payed in advanced. I had purchased the room on Priceline. On checkin, I was asked if I wanted two beds or one. I said one. I noticed on my TV account balance that I was charged for almost as much as I payed for the room on priceline. This was for an &quot;upgrade&quot;. I did not authorize or consent to an upgrade. I just asked for one bed. I went to the desk. They said it was a mistake and the charge was taken off. At checkout, there was no charges on my account on the TV checkout. However, when I go home there were charges of $125 dollars a night. They are running a scam and be very aware of this if you stay. If there are any good attorneys out there, I am sure they have done this before and you could profit from a class action lawsuit.	
Aug 11 2009 	the heart of the magnificent mile	great hotel, great location, friendly and attentive service, classy clientele, and great value for the dollar.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice hotel good location	Stayed for 3 nights. booked via hotwire, upgraded to historic tower. Got a big room, with a nice view.Service was great. Valet parking was efficient, but you expect it for 53 doller/night. But the location was the best	
Aug 10 2009 	Great place to stay rooms a little small	The hotel is beautiful however, I booked a room for 3 and it was quite small. Not alot of customer service. Went to bar area and found the staff there very unfriendly. I would recommend this hotel if you just want to stay and not be pampered.	
Aug 7 2009 	Worn weak service great location	We stayed 2 nights under the American Girl Package and enjoyed the excellent location. The furniture was worn however, the veneer stripped off some of the pieces in the room, giving it a less-than-luxurious appeal. The promised doll bed never showed up - had to request it, and the milk and cookies delivered at 2pm and thus warm (milk) and stale (cookies), but they promptly replaced them at night when we returned to the room and noticed the issue. However during the two days there they never took away the old milk (2 carafes), glasses nor plates. Outside our room the floor was messy with remnants of someone else's room service for at least 24 hours.The beds were OK, nothing to get excited about as far as comfort is concerned. The duvet had some tears on it....not 4 star for sure.As for the hotel, it's really beautiful (we stayed in the historic wing which is lovely, the deluxe room truly large). We looked forward to the pool, as with the AG package it states to bring your swimsuit to enjoy the pool....but when we got there it was set up for lap swimming, there is a sign stating that it is for &quot;lap swimming only&quot; and a bit too deep for young children, and mine know how to swim. And it got crowded easily so young children who are in the pool tend to get overwhelmed by others there. Not child-friendly in the least and I wish the promo materials for the hotel would state that.And lastly, the street noise can be overwhelming if you're not used to it. The walls/windows are very thin - you can hear not only traffic, but bathroom and hallway noises very well. In short, for the money I'd try elsewhere - there are so many hotels in the same area. Next time we'll try elsewhere... And $27 buffet breakfast with stale bacon and tater tots?! I think not....(granted they had other things, but the stale bacon and tater tots put us over the edge).	
Aug 4 2009 	Modern elegance in the heart of the city	Can't praise this hotel enough. Our room was spotless--in fact, the entire hotel was spit-shine clean. And everything worked--bathtub drain, toilet, a/c! Great location in the city. Bar and restaurant were superb. Staff--from the concierge to the desk help to the doorman to the bellhop to the wait staff--were all very competent, friendly, and gracious. We would definitely stay at the InterContinental again--and I hope it's soon! Chicago is a great town!	
Aug 3 2009 	Amazing Hotel	My husband and I spend four amazing days at the InterContinental in Chicago. We booked it through a third party provider and expected to get the smaller room or one beside the ice machine. Before leaving home, I contacted the hotel directly and requested a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. I got an immediate response to my request and was also informed, to my delight, that we were booked into a room in the Historic Tower. When we arrived, we were provided with efficient, friendly service. The room was larger than I had expected and very clean. We read about the history of the hotel and later during our stay went on a tour of this historic building. It is absolutely amazing, if you are interested in older buildings staying in this hotel is an absolute MUST. It was like taking a step into the past. In addition, it was right on Michican Avenue, so we were in the heart of Chicago. We certainly reommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience Chicago in style!!!Sandra, Ontario	
Aug 3 2009 	Fabulous service made our Anniversary celebration memorable	We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and they provided us a memorable weekend. Everyone was very kind, helpful and went that extra mile to make our stay wonderful. Their little extra touches spoke volumes as to their care for their clients. Our room in the historic tower was very comfortable and the view was spectacular. We also ate at their restaurant, which was fabulous! We would highly recommend this hotel and its staff!	
Aug 3 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Firstly there is a comment regarding this hotel from a guest that paid $100 through hotwire and thought they paid too much...If you think a $100 is too much to pay to stay on Michigan Avenue at the InterContinental then you are better off staying at a Best Western out at the airport, maybe that would suit your lifestyle. When you travel a lot you realize that what look for in hotel isnt when it was renovated, or how beautiful the hotel lobby is, it is the little things that make the difference:The bad: the Concierge (Clefs d'Or member) seamed indifferent when I asked for a map to the city simply putting it on the counter and then looking the other way. Dark skin gentleman - both keys. The first night I was there two concierge seamed occupied on the same guest and didnt have a moment to acknowledge that I was standing in line... finally I walked away. This was the only ill experience about my stay and really not a big deal. The Good:) the hotel is beautiful, clean and located minutes away from everything. The room was cleaned and the maid made the biggest impression on me by noting where i had left a drinking glass two nights in a row; instead of putting it back in the washroom she replaced the glass and left it where it was underneath a coster. All the housekeeping staff I ran into were freindly, made eye contact and greeted me with a smile. The restaurant, located on the second floor had great atmosphere and even though they seamed to have been short staffed, did an excellent job maintaning their service with one host, one server and two porters - always smiling and asking how everything is. The gym is great! the machines are new and well maintained. There was a $16 for the 5 dyas that I was there which is understandable if you want to maintain and replace the equipment as it wears out. The Front Desk was prompt and responsive - again always smiling. Great Hotel overall.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent Location Excellent Staff and Excellent Massage	I usually stay at the Pennisula and was worried about moving Hotels and was pleasantly surprised by how nice and clean the hotel was. In fact, has a starbucks attached and a very nice bar with comfy sitting areas to hang out in. We gathered at the bar several times and had great servers and gave great recommendations for dinner. We were there with 3 other couples who also had a great time! I would strongly recommmend this hotel to others. We stayed in the historic tower and it was convenient to the spa/fitness facility.Our room was a little small, due to the historic tower but our friends had bigger rooms! If you like historic - you will LOVE the historic tower and if not - they have bigger rooms too!	
Aug 2 2009 	A lovely hotel perfect location and great service	My business trip to Chicago was a delight in no small part due to my wonderful stay at the InterContinental Hotel on North Michigan Avenue. I asked for a room with a view and got a great river view along with a huge room and bathroom, beautifully appointed, and a beautiful hotel in every way. The location was perfect, the service was excellent (when security came to my room because of a safe that was locked when I arrived and which they had to open, I tried to tip the gentleman and he refused, which I thought was very classy). The hotel has antique furnishings instead of the soulless modern hotels, has a huge Starbucks downstairs (couldn't be more convenient), and lots of dining options. Staff were uniforming polite and helpful. A great hotel!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Snobby rip-off. Chicago has much better options.	What's not to like?--&gt; Problems getting the room you actually reserved: I had to call this hotel three times and email four times in order to insure that we actually got the room we had reserved.--&gt; Overcharging. They charge for everything here. Wireless. The Fitness Center. The Business Center. I've only run into one other hotel that ever charged for use of the fitness center. Note to the Intercontinental: If you're going to charge for something that is commonly included, you should advertise that fact. What's next? Charging for sheets on the bed?--&gt; Very poor customer service. The staff does not communicate in full sentences, or wait to hear your answer. This is Chicago, not New York. How about a little Midwestern patience?	
Jul 29 2009 	Other than location don't expect a lot.	Was there for 3 nights the last weekend in July 2009. Booked through Hotwire for $100 a night. Would have been VERY upset if we had paid more than $100 a night. First, the location is right on Michagan Avenue, right in the middle of shopping and dining and near the major touristy spots (literally a 4 minute walk to the Chicago Architecture Boat Tour which should NEVER be missed when in Chicago). Just could not get over the location - it was perfect. The rest of the hotel, eh. Some sites were giving it 4 1/2 stars, some 5, but it is AT MOST a 4 Star Hotel. When we checked in we were told the hotel was completely booked. We were assigned 2 double beds. I asked if we could get a king and the front desk said no, not unless we wanted to pay $75 a night for an upgrade. But if the hotel was full, how was I going to pay for an upgrade? Day 2, with a completely different staff, was much more accomodating and they moved us to a different room. They only misplaced our luggage for about an hour, but it was found so no worries. The rooms are smallish, gym nice, the pool is very historic looking and neat. We never could get the internet to work in our room (and yes, we're decently technology savy people) - when we talked to the front desk about issues, they simply gave us a briefcase size box of cords and modems and connectors. Even after all that, never could get the internet to work. Not a bad hotel, but not a great hotel either. If you're looking for luxury, stay someplace else. But if you're looking for location, stay here. But don't pay over $100 a night to do so!	
Jul 28 2009 	Amazing Location	This hotel is somewhat the half way point on Michigan Ave - its walking distance (10-20 mins) to all major sites. We loved the location and would stay there again in a heart beat. There is a cool Wine/Chocolate Bar restaurant in the hotel.Metro: On the way there we took the metro from the airport - from the airport we switched at jackson and got on the red line and got off at Grand (red). It was a few blocks from the hotel. On the way back to the airport we walked 15 minutes from the hotel to Clark and Lake and get on the blue a direct line to the airpot.The room was clean, decorated nicely - but not every big. If you are more than 2 sharing the room it may be a bit crammed. The pool was nice but indoors - we check it out and lots of families were using it. There was an amazing coffee shop Lavazza Coffee Cafe, one block away at 162 E Ohio St. Every morning we started our routine with a nice coffee / espresso from there. It was wonderful!	
Jul 27 2009 	Fantastic Hotel in Perfect Location	The concierge at this hotel was the best part. We were able to get CAF tour tickets in advance without a Ticketmaster surcharge and they booked all of our dinner reservations and give travel tips on buses and CTA in a heartbeat :)I got four free reward nights so I can't vouch for value, but I can say I would stay here again for the published rates of about $230-$250 no question. The location is amazing and the view from our room was beautiful. The room service as well as the maid service was also quick and fantastic.5 stars all around! I know I'm not the only one to think this place was great because there were 3 weddings while I was there.	
Jul 26 2009 	Terrible Experience	We had a terrible stay at the InterContinental. We reserved a King Bed, but when we got there, they explained that they were very busy and they could only give us a room with two double beds. Not exactly what we envisioned for our nice night away from the kids. The clerk at the desk was rude and could not have cared less. Then, when we got to the room, we realized there was no shampoo. As we were getting ready to head out to dinner, we called down to the front desk and they said that someone would bring it up. No one showed. We waited more than 45 minutes, until my wife finally went down to the front desk to get it, but they said that they didn't have any, housekeeping had it. But, they could SELL us a personal care box that had shampoo in it. Amazing. We will never go back.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice Place but expected to be rich	I stayed at this hotel, it was not a 4.5 star, then there was a 54 dollar a night charge for car parking,plus although the hotel was prepaid in full, they wanted 125 dollars per night, i had to cancel my reservation for my car because they demanded this deposit, 800 deposit.	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice stay at the Intercontinental Chicago	We stayed at the Intercontinental recently and really liked it. We obtained our reservation via priceline and upon checkin we were upgraded to a really nice room looking east to the lake and north down Michigan Ave. The service was pretty good. The pool was interesting and we did go swimming for a little bit to burn some time. We ate out every day and didn't use their food service. There is a Corner Bakery across the street which has better prices.We would probably not book for the rack rate, but we would take a deal through Priceline in a heartbeat.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great location great view small room	I booked this hotel on hotwire for a great rate of $113/night. When we got there, she upgraded us to the historic tower. The room was on the 32nd floor and had a great view. It was, however, very small. I had to climb over the armchair to get in and out of my side of the bed. The bathroom was gigantic, though, which was nice.I am allergic to feather pillows, so I called down for foam pillows at 11:15 pm. It took about 45 minutes to get them, which I thought was excessive.Other than that, I liked this hotel. It's in a great location for exploring Chicago, the conceirge was very helpful and friendly, you could check in for your flight in the lobby, and the pool is really nice.I think this hotel is worth the good hotwire rates everyone seems to be getting. I think I would have been disappointed if I had paid more for it, though.	
Jul 18 2009 	Snob-appeal -- overpriced for value	Too expensive from the get-go. If you want snob-appeal, this is the hotel for you. If you are interested in seeing the fabulous city of Chicago, go budget and spend you money on a river tour.	
Jul 17 2009 	Very Nice	We only stayed here one night and it was btwn this &amp; the Swissotel. but I;m glad I picked this one. Located on the &quot;Magnigficent Mle&quot; &amp; in walking distance to just about all the attractions. We stayed in the Historic towers (room 1404 which faced North Michigan) , where the rooms are larger then in the main bldg. The beds were very comfortable as were the pillows, and the sheets very softs as well. The a/c worked fine which was climate controlled. The bathroom has a separate tub &amp; shower.. and very spacious as well.. the lighting in there could have been a little better though. We checked out the pool,,, but didnt use it.  It is an older hotel.. and I didnt find the furnishings outdated, I thought they complimented the hotel. They did had flat screen TVS in the room.  Checking in was a bit slow... only 2 people behind the counter.. and one took forever with this couple.. but the other guy worked very quickly. We did the express check out... (at 6:30am.. there were quite a few people in line) You don't even need to rent a car- you can pick up the CTA Blue Line train system at Ohare Airport &amp; for $2.25 you can take it all the way in to the city. We had a car (we had driven to Indianapolis the day before for the Indy Car Race Experience) and had planned to drive it back to the airport on the day we left.. but there was an Avis car rental place a few blocks from the hotel.. so we dropped it off early &amp; took the train in .. very convenient &amp; cheap.. considering all the hotels in the city charge you alot to park ($53 a night at the Intercontinental.. which is comprable to all the others). I would definatley stay here again if we ever come back. Chicago is a beautiful city &amp; there is alot to do there. We only had one day there to see stuff and would like to return to see more. Definately check out the Sears (now Willis) Tower, but go early.. you will wait a long time if you go later in the day. Also Millenium Park... The Wendella Boat tour (90 minute one) was good also. Giordanos for Deep Dish Pizza.. something you have to try (especially if you are from the NY/NJ area).	
Jul 17 2009 	Magnificant Moments on Magnicant Mile Chicago Intercontinental	I have travelled to Chicago a few times for work and always try and stay a few extra days but when a friend of mine suggested we go for a girls four day vacation I immediately thought of this great city. We booked the hotel online through hotwire and received a great rate. We took a limo from the airport and from the moment we stepped out of the car we were greeted with such warmth and service. We were early for check in but wanted to walk to Pane Caldo (my favourite) and the bellman directed us to the check in desk where we mentioned that we would like to stay in the historic tower. I had joined online the priority club (idid not have any points at this point) and the very friendly representative upgraded our room and put us in the historic tower at no extra charge. This was accomodating considering we were already paying about 60% below the room rates. Our room would be ready for us after lunch and they stored all of our bags promptly. Our room was beautfiul on the 12th floor overlooking Michigan avenue-two nice double beds -the most comfortable ever, comfy robes,beatiful entrance way , desk for working (i managed to bring my laptop to do some work as well) and they called up to ask if were happy with our room. We had purchased some champagne at a store and asked for some glasses to be sent-not only were they at our door withing minutes they called to make sure we received them. I logged on immediately to the wireless and they only charge me for one day and we stayed three. When we made a few errors with ordering a movie separately at different times to watch-they simply took it off our bill. We ordered room service once for late nite munchies and the service was fast and the food good especially after a lot of champagne and music at the Drake-i do not have a problem with paying more for somehting at 3:00am-they are a hotel and are in the business of making money! The hotel staff were always courteous and friendly and made an effort to make our stay the best we have ever had anywhere. Both my friend and I have done a lot of travelling (I have also lived in the islands) and we must honestly say that the Intercontinental Chicago is the best we have ever stayed anywhere in the world. This is the only place i will stay when i go to Chicago! Keep up the great service and staff ICC.	
Jul 17 2009 	Location luxury and service.... The Intercontinental nailed it!	I stayed with my wife and brother and his fiance (he proposed while we were out there) at the Intercontinental in July 2009. I've read some somewhat critical reviews of this place, but we had a wonderful time. I'll give you my thoughts below:PROS:- Location - The location is really perfect for a downtown Chicago experience. The hotel is located on Michigan Ave., a about 100 yards north of the Chicago River. So it's smack dab right in the middle of the Magnificient Mile. You could walk most every place you wanted to go, or you could hop on a train to get to further flung locations.- Hotel - The Intercontinental was very well-appointed, and high-end, yet comfortable. The rooms had flat-screen HDTVs (but only had 2 HD channels), down comforter and pillows, the bathroom was modern and had quality toiletries. The design of the room was also modern, yet comfortable. There was obligitory $8 bottle of water and basket of $6 candy bars. Who actually buys this? - Service - The serviece at the hotel was great. We checked in a little early, and they had us in a room with 2 double beds. We asked for a king, and they told us that unfortunatley that they didn't have one ready, but took my number and would call me when it was ready. We went and had lunch, and then within an hour they gave me a call and told me it was ready. Throughout the rest of the stay, everyone from the front desk staff to the bell staff to the consierge was nothing but friendly and professional, without any of that big-city snobbery.- Ammenities - There was a very nice looking wine, cheese and chocolate specialty restaurant in the hotel that we didn't use, and the in-hotel bar was very nice. In addition, there is a Starbucks in the hotel, a nice way to get a light, cheap breakfast, thereby avoiding a high-cost breakfast.CONS:- Fitness Center - The only complaint I have is that the fitness center was like $25 a day to use for hotel guests, and the fitness center was only an OK hotel gym, not even on par for that much a day. The pool was free to hotel guests, and while I recommend that everyone take a look at it (it looks like a pool frozen in time during the 1920's), it is only for swimming laps, so unless you are a pretty hardcore swimmer, no pool for you.All in all, we had an absolutely wonderful time at the Intercontinental, and we will go back again if we have the chance.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Property!	The rooms are well appointed and plenty of room. Located in the heart of downtown Chicago, the Intercontinental makes getting around easy. Excellent restaurant in the hotel and close to nightlife. Staff is courteous and if you're into a healthy lifestyle, the fitness center and pool is incredible for a hotel. There are gyms I've been to with less equipment. And the pool is awesome!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great experience	We really enjoyed our stay at the Intercontinental hotel. The rooms were very spacious, super clean and the beds were super comfortable. The location is excellent, very close to shops and close enough to the Navy Pier that you can walk there. There is a Starbucks attached to the lobby area which is great to grab coffee and a quick breakfast. We hope to stay here again for our next trip to Chicago!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect Location; Imperfect Customer Service	This hotel is in the perfect location for shopping and dining choices. The rooms were nice and comfortable but not special. They were on the small side with towels that had seen better days. The stay was marred by imperfect customer service. Front desk staff needs better training in consistenlty communicating procedures for business travellers. Had my colleague and I not been experienced and persistent in following through with what we knew to be standard business practice for business travel, our checkout would have been extremely tiresome. I will say that had this trip been for non-business travel, this review would have been more positive.	
Jul 12 2009 	Fantastic!!	Absolutely huge hotel, big comfortable rooms and great location.The pool was great.	
Jul 12 2009 	Waaaay out of it's league	Fiancee and I stayed here recently (Jun/09) to check out apartments in South loop area and for a bit of romantic R-and-R. (Didn't quite do it for us for latter purpose). Booked through Hotwire (maybe that was the mistake), which rated this at 4.5 stars (wish I had a BS detector). Upon arrival, discovered only one parking option exists... valet, which runs $53 per day. Ok, fine. Then, at check-in, lady told us room we were getting was great with spectacular views... lie. Come to find out, room was musty smelling, worn-looking (and I don't mean the decor) and very dark. Serious need for a remodeling/redecorating, at least for our room. As for the &quot;spectacular view&quot;, one small window in the corner with a partial view of Chicago River and Michigan Ave; what a joke. Then discovered hot water fixture in sink was broken. Called to report it; all they could offer was that they'd send someone to take a look at it... no offer for room change, voucher, nada, not even a thank you for having reported it. Noise from hallway other room doors opening/closing was very apparent and annoying. Felt a bit like we were in a cruise ship, as the nickel-and-dime approach to a few of the amenities seems to be the other modus operandi at this hotel (following the trend of the big-chain hotel industry it would seem); $12.95/day for wireless, for example. Even though we booked through Hotwire (somewhat of a deal, relatively speaking), based on what we observed and experienced, this hotel does not deserve to be rated higher than 3.5 (4 maybe, but that's stretching it) EVEN at the price we paid (just under $200). Other than that, service was just &quot;okay&quot;, nothing special. Hotels in this tier really need to take that extra step make you want to return or at least attempt to provide a memorable stay. In this regard, the Intercontinental just falls flat and is way out of its league... it simply offers nothing that to make it, or your stay, stand out. Take this together with the above-mentioned demerits, and I would have to recommend that you seriously consider staying elsewhere. Prospective travelers (and hotels, for that matter) can (and do) much better than this, especially in this area and price range. I'm somewhat disappointed with Hotwire as well... I've had good luck with them in the past, but they have never been quite this far off-the-mark in terms of rating and overall value.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great hotelgreat location. This is the way to experience Chicago	We have stayed in 10-15 hotels in the North Michigan Ave. area, and the Intercontinental is our favorite. The location is ideal and the hotel is the perfect size: large enough but not overwhelming. The staff is polite, friendly and helpful. We'll be back.	
Jul 8 2009 	Charge for Everything!!! Not worth the money	Wow!!! I was surprised with this hotel. First time stay and last time!!! They Nickle and Dime you on every occasion. First when you check in the girl was nice but missed all the basic. She managed to tell me more about her self then to find out my preference and then to offer and sell me a package!! No i want a room i booked and paid for in advance. I get to the room and its old and half view of nothing!!! The next day i go for breakfast and again extra for this and that!!! Never staying there again!!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Intercontinental Chicago:	my wife , 13 year old and i stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. We stayed in the newer wing. we enjoyed it. The staff was courteous and the food in the bar was good. The hotel is on the very south end of the magnificent mile, but near everything. The ice machine is only on the 7th floor but we used the mini bar fridge to store cold drinks. The hotel has a wonderful 1920&quot;s indoor pool which we used.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice but not wonderful. Internet not included.	We have reached a point in our society where internet is expected. This hotel charges $6.95 an hour to use the internet. When I pay $260 a night to stay in a hotel, I expect internet to be included. What a dated, price-gouging policy. This is not 1995 and the Intercontinental is not AOL!The hotel is comfortable, the rooms are clean. The pool is pretty, but old, so there is a lot of rust and dirt on the tiles. The fitness center is very nice. Service is slow.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice rooms	I stayed here with my sisters last year. The rooms are beautiful and the location is great if you are going to stay on Michigan Avenue. Parking is a challenge.	
Jun 29 2009 	Top notch location with spotty service	First off, the Intercontinental Chicago couldn't be in a better location and the hotel itself is an absolute gem; especially the pool. We stayed in the tower and the room was beautifully appointed and relatively large for a city hotel room. After reading about the history of the hotel, I would highly recommend exploring the hotel if you have any interest in early 20th century architecture and design. That said, we had two experiences that were stunningly awful and totally unacceptable for a 4-5 star hotel. The first incident occurred at check in. It took over 1.5 hours to get our bags to the room. Worse still, we called down to the front desk 30 minutes after we were told our bags would be right up. After being placed on hold, presumably to find our what the delay was, we were told by the front desk that our bags were, &quot;on their way up.&quot; After an hour of waiting we called again and were told the exact same thing (i.e. &quot;on their way&quot;). Finally, after an hour and a half of waiting I went down to the lobby to demand my bags. The front desk person that checked me in literally went, &quot;I remember you. You checked in a while ago.&quot; I understand that sometimes the bellmen get backed up but don't lie to me about it and leave me sitting in a room for an hour and a half twiddling my fingers.The second incident occurred on the final night of our stay. A friend dropped us off after dinner and we wanted to invite them up to give them a gift we had brought for them. There were no valets out front and the front desk insisted that our friend would need to pay a $53 parking fee to leave their car out front for 15 minutes. Finally someone offered to watch our friends car for a few minutes but I found the entire situation totally embarrassing and absolutely absurd!	
Jun 29 2009 	Historic Hotel with some flaws	My friend &amp; I got a great rate at the Intercontinental Chicago off of Hotwire ($107) for our Thursday night stay. Hotwire doesn't guarantee bedding preferences, so I called the hotel directly a few days ahead of time to confirm my reservation &amp; request a room with 2 beds. I was told that was no problem &amp; they had my request in. Oops! When I checked in I was told that a King room had been reserved. I explained to the front desk women that I had put a request in for 2 beds a few days prior - she one again informed me that there was no note on my reservation with that request. :( She then went on to tell me there were no double rooms available in the whole hotel (really?) - would the King Room be ok? Um ... I guess it has to be, right? I wasn't being mean about it, but she didn't even apologize for the mixup. After I told her we'd take the King Room because we had no choice, she let me know that &quot;they gave us an upgrade&quot; and that she'd make arrangements for a roll-away to be brought up at no charge. That was nice of her I guess, I just wish she wouldn't been a bit more friendly about it. The room itself (room 2703) was big enough for us, but I found it a bit odd that the bathroom didn't have a fan. It also seems to only have heat lamps in the bathroom - which caused the room to get awful hot. We had the air conditioning on the whole time we were there (set as low as it would go - 65 degrees), but it never got below 72. Not horrible, but it was quite humid out and that 72 felt warmer because of it.All-in-all I think we got a great deal for what we paid for. The location was wonderful and the hotel is beautiful!	
Jun 29 2009 	Wonderful service	I just returned from a business/pleasure trip to Chicago and had to comment on our stay at the InterContinental. After booking through a great rate via TravelZoo, I received a confirmation e-mail with an offer to send a note to the concierge with any requests. Because this trip coincided with our anniversary, I mentioned that fact when I requested we have a room on a high-floor of the hotel. When we checked in, not only had our request been granted, we also had been upgraded to a king suite! In addition, later that afternoon, we were sent a bottle of campagne, compliments of the hotel. Needless to say, we were very impressed with the hotel's service. Hope anyone who has the chance to visit Chicago and stay at the InterContinental can have an equally pleasant experience.	
Jun 24 2009 	Ideal location	What I loved: Stayed in the historic building (the hotel is two buildings conjoined - one old, one new) and our room was large and lovely. Bathroom had both a tub AND a shower. Beds were lovely with that &quot;sheet on the outside of the blanket and inside of the blanket&quot; thing going on, which is so nice. Pillows very comfortable. We LOVED LOVED LOVED the &quot;Eno&quot; wine bar downstairs - they do cheese, chocolate and wine only - how neat is that? We tasted a different flight each night we were there. Hotel is close to almost everything - just a couple blocks away from the river to catch the architecture tour; ON the millenium mile for great shopping, easy walking distance from the red line, easy walking distance from fantastic restaurants (we went to Frontera Grill and Cafe Grand Lux). Annoyances: Couldn't properly open the curtains to let light in the hotel room. Gym and computer usage were extra and pricey (altho I sprang for the gym and it was very well stocked with equipment). Pool area was beautiful - tho not quite as lovely as Swisshotel - where the pool has the best view in the city. Overall, would give Swisshotel the nod for their more beautiful view of the lake, but this hotel was still quite ideal.	
Jun 22 2009 	Awesome Wedding Anniversary Experience	We live in a Chicago suburb and wanted to have a special experience for our 43rd wedding anniversary, so we booked the Intercontinental on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. We planned visits to the art museum and the &quot;Jersey Boys.&quot; We arrived Friday evening. They gave us a really bad room initially, but after complaining, they upgraded us to the 20th floor with a view overlooking the Tribune Tower and Chicago River. When they learned it was our anniversary celebration, they provided Champaign and Chocolate. We had dinner at the hotel. It was a wonderful gourmet meal at a very reasonable price. The hotel staff was first class from the front desk to the parking garage. (My only negative is that parking here is $53 per night.) This is a wonderful property with a really world class group of people.	
Jun 21 2009 	excellent location great room if historic towerservice non-existing	Stayed there one week end of may. Location is unbeatable, as it is max. 10 minutes walking distance in each direction to all highlights on Michigan Ave. On arrival we had to specially request for luggage delivery to the room after 40 minutes waiting time. The booked room in historic tower was spacious, well-kept and nice for those liking old-world charme. Comfy beds. A bit on the dark side because of small window only because of historic building (1929), but in a city like Chicago you don't spend much time in-room. The marble bathroom was nice, practical and pleasant. We had a look into a room in the new part of the hotel: ok only if single- rooms are very small.On the negative side: staff is very indifferent toward guests and it is obvious that management, organisation, training is on the weak side. At the moment of check-out ask for a trial print: it is obvious that they try to put unjustified charges. We gave tips directly to breakfast site staff in cash. On the invoice there were unknown charges of 5 to 10 dollars for every day. The cashier: our machine puts those charges automatically....!After asking for charge documents signed by us the extra charges were taken off. Watch out for all extras like phone etc.- everything is extremely costly and sometimes doubtful.Breakfast offer was very good, especially the fresh fruits and berries and the croissants were of top quality and taste and so was the corner &quot;wine, cheese &amp; chocalates. .	
Jun 19 2009 	A perfect American Girl Weekend	My husband and our two granddaughters stayed at the Intercontinental in Chicago while visiting American Girl Place for a special birthday week-end for our granddaughter. The hotel was marvelous. We had a specious room and our granddaughters did not want to leave it. They played with their dolls and the special bed provided by the hotel for their doll and did not want to leave to go get supper. So we had room service which was just wonderful. The girls thought this was the best hotel ever. When the cookies and milk arrived, they thought they were in a &quot;very special place&quot;. The staff was just wonderful. They even provided a high chair for our American Girl dolls at breakfast. It was truly a week-end to remember. The Stegemollers from Indiana	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Experience!	Wonderful hotel, friendly and professional staff who were more than happy to assist you with any questions. Rooms were very clean and everything in working order. I would have liked a 3 way mirror in my room to see the back of my hair and dress. Parking was expensive at $53 a night, but the staff was pleasant and quick to retrieve your car. Perfect location for strolling out east to the lakefront or west for shopping. I will definitely be back.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great	Lovely room .Well furnished and very comfortable bed. Great view and location to all the down town activities. Fine staff. Take your swim suit; a must to be in the historic swimming pool. Can't wait to go back.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Hotel -- Clean friendly and right in the middle of it all!	I found this hotel through hotwire and paid $104 a night (what a steal!). My friends and I were impressed with the lobby and our room. Everything was clean and neat. We liked the pool and we did pay the extra fee to use the fitness center. I enjoyed a rest in the sauna as well. One hint: park at the 24 hour lot behind the hotel. It will be cheaper for you than the valet service. Also, the transit system (trains, buses) were easy to get to. Overall, I would definitely return to this hotel if the price is right.	
Jun 15 2009 	Absolutely my new favorite place to stay in Chicago	I am 51 years old and I have stayed in many quality hotels, but none compare to the Intercontinental Chicago on Michigan Ave.. I can not say enough about the staff, they were just a pleasure. From the young lady at the check in counter, Stan the door man (what a treasure), Jose in the lounge was just wonderful (we stayed longer because he was such a joy), the concierge (which there was not one question that he could not answer right off the top of his head....I tested him often), and absolutely everyone there surely made you feel like you were home, but much better. The room was beautiful with an amazing view. I can not wait to get back there again....I am already planning to go back to Chicago.....just to experience another stay at this magnificent hotel. Hats off to all of you!!	
Jun 14 2009 	A good experience for the right price	We got to this hotel through Hotwire.com for 115 after tax... parking is 50 bucks a day which is insane and the rooms need some more touches. other than that the rooms were spacious. and have decent views. the pool is historic and the location of the hotel is great.	
Jun 14 2009 	Only average	We stayed here again for 2 nights at the beginning of June. We asked for a room in the old tower. It was acceptable; nice bed linens but dreary decor and antiquated air conditioning system. Staff were helpful although front desk staff were somewhat curt. An incorrect charge for breakfast had to be removed as our rate of $360 per night (including taxes) included it. We were surprised that a charge of $12.95 per day was made for internet access.Excellent location, nice building but typical American hotel chain atmosphere.	
Jun 13 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous!	The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was recently updated, nice bathroom and T.V. It is a central location for sight seeing, shopping and dining. The overnight parking is a bit pricey 53.00 dollars unlimited in/out priv. If you have never been to Chicago like me, this is a great place to vacation.	
Jun 9 2009 	The Intercontinental was all you could ask and more!	The hotel is beautiful. It is clean. The employees are friendly and the service was great. All our needs were met and met with a smile. Thanks for a great experience!!!	
Jun 8 2009 	Perfect Location-Excellent Lodging	Girls' Weekend with family members was made even better by our stay at the InterContinental. Perfect location for shopping, lake views, museums, restaurants, theater, and parks. Hotel staff was friendly, professional, and responsive. Rooms were attractive, clean, and had all the amenities we needed. (Additional fee for internet use and fitness center). Hotel pool is rather Grecian; interesting change of pace. Although we didn't use the fitness center due to limited time, we toured and it appeared to have everything one would need to maintain a daily workout routine. We enjoyed a classy weekend in the windy city, appreciated the opportunity for discounted rate, and will definitely return to the InterContinental!	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel on Michigan Avenue!	My husband and I had a fantastic experience at the InterContinental Hotel in downtown Chicago. We stayed for two nights. The location was perfect, on Michigan Avenue, close to the Chicago River. When we checked in, we asked if we could stay in the Historic Tower. They said that would cost extra. But while we were discussing whether we wanted to pay the $50 extra to upgrade, they just went ahead and comped the upgrade -- no charge! We got a corner room on the 17th floor. We could see a little bit of Lake Michigan, and a little bit of the river. I hear the views are even better on the 25th floor and higher, but we weren't going to complain. It was still a great view. The bed... was... heavenly! I can't remember when I've slept so well. The mattress was exceptionally comfortable, as were the pillows. We had a very large bathroom (very nice). And we used the robes and slippers that were provided. The staff was extraordinarily nice. One of the nights we made use of the very cozy bar located adjacent to the lobby. We will definitely stay here again in the future!	
Jun 7 2009 	Ideal location friendly service and good value ensured my return to this hotel	I stayed with two other friends for a &quot;girls' weekend&quot; at this hotel in February, '09. We got a very good &quot;Stimulus Package&quot; rate and were pleasantly surprised not only by the size and decor of our suite in the Historic Tower (bedroom and living room with a pullout bed), but with 2 bathrooms! The rooms were furnished with everything we needed for our comfort and the breakfast was excellent the next morning. Best of all, the hotel's location in the middle of the Magnificent Mile beats every other choice as far as we're concerned. We would definitely come here again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great Location	This is my second time to stay at the Intercontinental in the past month. Both times the staff has been friendly and helpful. I found the location to be excellent on Michigan ave. The gym and pool are incredible for a hotel. The first time I have a better room. I believe I was in a business suite and the second time in a regular room. The regular room appeared to be less kept. The carpet was not cleaned by my standards. Also the first night I had to kill a few bugs in the bathroom. They were not present the first time I stayed here. In general it is a good hotel and a great location.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great location	The hotel is situated directly on the Magnificent Mile and yards away from the river, just walk out straight into the centre of Chicago. I managed to get a good rate through Hotwire, but the IC still honored my Ambassador status and upgraded me to a larger corner room in the Historic Tower with all other benefits. I was pleased with the large room and the two-way view to Downtown and Lake Michigan. Historic decor in this part of the hotel: I liked it but perhaps not to everyone's taste. Very comfortable bed, great power shower but a rather shallow bathtub and only average quality toiletries. The towels were not especially thick. Staff were very helpful, especially when my keycard stopped working 30 minutes before a late 4pm check-out: an immediate offer was made to extend the check-out to 5pm.The swimming pool is a must for its historic associations, but note that it is set up for lane swimming and may not be a suitable diversion for families with young children.The wireless internet is charged extra and was not particularly quick. I chose the $49 1-week option but was pleasantly surprised that the charge was automatically reduced to about $37 at the end of my 5-day stay.The Starbucks in the lobby offers a cheaper option for breakfast coffee and a bun.If you can get a good rate at this porperty, go for it.	
Jun 3 2009 	Ideal Hotel For Chicago Holiday	We stayed for 7 nights in the Intercontinental &amp; found it an excellent hotel in one of the best locations especially for first time visitors to Chicago.We got an great rate through Hotwire &amp; were delighted with our corner room on the 8th floor with views towards the river down Michigan Ave.Some previous reviews mentioned the rooms were small but we were quite happy &amp; everything was to a high standard and very clean.We were spoiled for choice with the selection of shops &amp; restaurants all within walking distance of the hotel ,did some serious retail therapy in Eddie Bowers directly across the road ,great bargains.Five minute walk to the boarding area for Wendella lake &amp; river tours -great trip,10min walk to the fab Millenium park,5 minutes to the House Of Blues for a great Sunday brunch -little touristy but had great fun, 3 blocks to the Red line metro which will get you to the theatre district in 5 minutes &amp; Wrigley Field or Celluar Field in 15 minutes,directly beside the stops for the free trolley to Navy Pier so we really couldnt have asked to be in a better location. Starbucks on the ground floor very handy for an early coffee &amp; a nice local bar Blackies directly behind the hotel.Because there are so many choices close to the hotel we never tried the hotel bars or restaurants .The only slight negative is the excessive hotel charge for wifi &amp; its not free in Starbucks either because it is owned by the hotel but just pop down to the apple store on Michigan.	
Jun 3 2009 	Says it's luxury but doesn't follow through.	The staff is friendly, almost to a fault. The superior room was nice with good space, but small details undercut the luxury atmosphere; the curtain was severely worn in a couple places, the iron sputtered rusty steam when turned on, and you could easily here the conversation of your neighbor. For a steep discount, it was worth it, but if I was looking for a luxury hotel, I'd book elsewhere. Oh, and it's the only hotel in Chicago where the internet isn't complimentary.	
Jun 3 2009	Intercontinental Chicago	We stayed there last summer for 5 days. I was not impressed with it. the first was that we were told on the phone when reserving that I had enough points which I had deliberately transfered into the account, to stay there for 2 days. i paid for the other 3 nights. When we got to the hotel, i was told this was not the case. We were made to wait in the lobby for nearly an hour and had to argue with a manager to make it right. So that was how our visit started. There were 5 times, at different times, promises made to call me back and noone ever did. I had to call President's Club to deal with it. Who needs to be annoyed like this when they are suppose to be on vacation? In the room: The speaker phone did not work. There was no turn down service on Sunday. The Pool has a very difficult way to get into it. There are no steps but a very difficult ladder to traverse to get in the pool. An elderly person in our party could not swim because ot the egress to the pool.the building is beautiful though.Their wine and cheese bar is lovely.The concierge was called by me 10 different times and never answered the phone Restaurant recommendations when I went to the concierge in person finally, were awful chain-type restaurants. One time we asked for a special birthday for an upscale French restaurant and instead got a French chain-fair food place which was crowded. A waiter at our chain type restaurant told us that our concierge did not know anything if they sent us to his restaurant and instead which should go to Les Nomades; we did the next night and that was fabulous. Overall, would not go back to the hotel. They have fabulous location but it is only good if you are getting a cheapy-cheap rate with a convention. Service was friendly but lousy. On way to airport, Limo service they ordered for us did not show up and we had to jump into a cab. We waited 40 minutes. he apparently finally arrived 45 minutes later than we had booked for. We would have missed our flight if we had waited for him.Wouldn't go back there, even though I am an Ambassador President's Club Member; maybe, just a maybe if it was free!!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Incomparable!	What a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping, to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars, this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh, the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
May 31 2009 	Elegance and convenience	I was attending a training conference in Chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held. I booked 4 nights at the Intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location (an easy walk to the conference). From the lobby to the rooms, this hotel lives up to it's storied reputation. (The indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a Busby Berkeley movie!) And even tho' I was there for a conference, the hotel's location on the Mag Mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters, made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price.	
May 28 2009 	Great Wedding Weekend	We had a block of rooms and everyone in the group had an excellent experience. Service was friendly and attentive. Handy Starbucks in lobby and great wine bar in hotel. Nice big rooms with great views in historic building but with all the modern amenities like internet, hair dryers, irons, coffee makers, etc. Very nice pillows and linens. Incredible indoor pool. Location is superb; 1 block from river to pick up boat tours; 1 block from city tours; 1 block from water taxis to Navy Pier, aquarium, museums, etc. Can walk to Millenium Park, Art Institute, sightseeing, tons of shopping, restaurants, nightlife. Taxis out front any time. Easy walk to train. There were plenty of affordable and family friendly places to eat nearby. We loved having a suite to hang out and have snacks and drinks.	
May 27 2009 	We Can't Wait to Go Back	This was our first trip to Chicago. The service we experienced at the InterContinental was first rate. From the location to the early check-in to the Concierge, it was all top notch. We spoke to the Concierge daily and he never led us down the wrong path. We counted on him for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and travel routes. Not one time did he let us down.As far as location, I don't know how you can do much better. Right on the Mile and a couple of blocks from the River. Thank you from my wife and I for making this trip one that we will never forget!! See you soon!!	
May 26 2009 	Great Stay As Always	I've stayed at this hotel close to 10 times over the past few years, and they always provide excellent service and hospitality. For the price paid, I couldn't ask for a better hotel. Specifically, during my last visit -- Clean, well-attended lobby. Friendly staff. Efficient elevators. Comfortable room/bed. Pristine bathroom. The room was quiet throughout the night. I never heard a peep from my neighbors, despite it being a holiday weekend with plenty of guests. The lounge and the wine bar provided the same friendly service as the front desk. Both knew their menus well and made excellent recommendations. The great hospitality continued through the end of my stay. When I needed a late check-out, they provided it without hesitation. And when my bill had an incorrect charge, they removed it without question. Overall, it was a great stay. I'll gladly stay here on my next visit to Chicago.	
May 26 2009 	Wow what a beautiful hotel!	I stayed at the Intercontinental on a &quot;girls&quot; weekend, after attending a wedding in Wisconsin. The hotel is old, ornate, and very beautiful. The best thing for us was that it was in such a fantastic location! We could walk everywhere, and shopping very close to the hotel was great. We relied on the concierge several times for restaurant recommendations and reservations, and she was helpful and friendly. We were fortunate to be assigned to a corner room, which offered beautiful views of Michagan Avenue at night, and on the 24th floor it was pretty quiet. Beds were comfortable and the room was tastefully decorated. We booked on Hotwire and got a great rate, and others in my family used Priceline and we all got the same hotel - we were thrilled with our luck and couldn't have been happier with our visit. Be sure to see the fireworks on the Navy Pier if you can, and we took Shoreline Cruise out to the water and the view of Chicago and the fireworks is something I will always remember.	
May 26 2009 	view to die for	Arriving late in Chicago with a flight delay, we learned our booked hotel room was a smoking room, and there were no other rooms available that evening. Around the corner from our &quot;budget&quot; smoking accomodations, the InterContinental Chicago had a room in its historic tower. Our luck changed: while clearly not designed for a king bed, the room was extremely well appointed, with a highest end bathroom and a view of the Chicago skyline to die for. The concierge suggested late dining and breakfast restaurants within easy walking distance and w hich were just what we asked for. When we return to Chicago, this is where I want to stay.	
May 25 2009 	Luxury living along the mile	From the moment I walked into the hotel I was impressed. The reception was absolutely as pleasant as one can imagine. In and out in a couple of minutes and up to my room. I did go &quot;budget&quot; on the room but the room was great. Not a super view but I was there to sleep. The bed was fantastic. The room is incredibly quiet -- the only sounds being sirens that can occur at any hour. Road noise and hall noise was not an issue but we were in a corner away from the elevator.The room is not huge for two persons but we managed. The TV service was a bit clunky although the TV was a beautiful flat screen in HD. The bathroom is well appointed. We did not use room service.At the hotel we used the Starbucks, the bar, and the wine bar attached. The bar is pricy but so is all of Chicago! Watch out. $15 mixed drinks is the norm in the city. The wine bar was cute but not exceptional.The location is probably one of the best in Chicago. You can walk to just about any popular destination in minutes and you're along the mile...everything is found off the mile!	
May 25 2009 	Upgrades Not Worth the Bucks	I got a room at InterContinental in Chicago a few years ago. I was excited because my prom was there decades ago and I always remembered it being luxurious. Well I got to my &quot;four-star&quot; room and it looked like a Holiday Inn. I asked about upgrades and they showed me several rooms. I wasn't happy with any of them but had to pick one due to Hotwire. The room was NEVER cleaned for three days. The GM finally listened to me when I explained this is not a &quot;four star&quot; property. He put in my profile for a free suite upgrade. I saw the suites....not worth another round. Stayed at the Conrad across the street and should have never left.	
May 24 2009 	Classy and located in the power spot on Michigan ave. Off rack rates at $100!	Last minute rates on this 4+ star classic style hotel. Right in the middle of Michigan ave. Nice restaurant, work out room and very friendly and accomadating staff. I have done seminars here and the the little rooms are excellent with great catering food. This is your parents classy hotel not a hip trendy kind of place. Rooms are excellent, beds comfortable. I stayed here as a Hotwire last minute deal for $100!	
May 24 2009 	Amazing Hotel	I was thouroughly impressed with the service and quality of the Intercontinental Hotel in Chicago. The building itself is gorgeous and the ammenities they provide are comparable to the best 5 star hotels in the area. Its in the little things that Intercontinental Hotel really sets itself apart from other hotels. The bed and linens, the soaps and shampoos, and the towels, all are luxurious and of the finest quality. All rooms are equiped with large flat screen TVs! The hotel itself is gorgeous. There is a beautiful indoor swimming pool, a full gym, and multiple fine restaurants (i especially loved the Chocolate, Cheese, and Wine bar!) inside the facility. The service also is top rate. Everyone proved very helpful. The concierge service is especially helpful in recommending Chicago destinations and providing valuable information to all their guests, especially guests who are not familiar with Chicago.The best feature of the hotel is the locatation. It is ON the magnificiant mile, the heart of the shopping district of Chicago and only a few blocks away from the finest restaurants, museums, and other destinations.Overall I was more the satisfied with my stay at the Intercontinental Hotel in Chicago and would highly recommend it to anyone who travels to Chicago. I will definately visit again!	
May 20 2009 	A Totally Delightful Stay	From the time that their car picked us at Ohare to our delivery back to the airport, the stay was a delight. We were upgraded to a suite that had had previously been two rooms. It was a real treat to have two bathrooms in a hotel. Also it was a comfortable livingroom and a terrific bed.We were late for breakfast one morning, so they kindly served us in the bar and applied our credit. I found this a step beyond what they had to do.Finally, the service was warm, friendly and and available when we needed it!	
May 14 2009 	Great location for shopping and downtown!	My daughter and I went and stayed here for a mother/daughter weekend of shopping. The hotel was nice. The pool was very beautiful and water temp was great. We didn't try any of the restaurants but they looked busy and great atmospher. Room was small and nicely decorated. I had read the reviews of the rude staff and the mistakes in the mini bar but we didn't have any of that. The front desk staff was very kind and we were never charged anything but our room. We will be back in June for another stay but for a week this time. The best part of this hotel is definetly the location. Its is smack in the middle of everything downtown. Buses and trolley stop at the hotel. Subway is 2 or 3 blocks west.	
May 14 2009 	Dark room?	Nice hotel. We bought the tickets via Hotwire. Maybe because of the low rate we were given a room with both windows completely blocked by a brick wall on the outside. With a 7 hour time difference from Europe it is very hard to adjust when you can't see if it is night or day. After 2 days we complained (should have done it sooner), and we got a better room at a higher floor. But I'm still surprised that a 4,5 start hotel even has rooms with no daylight.	
May 12 2009 	Needing a evening desk clerk overhaul...	After spending hours being in an airport on standby, the last thing i need is a rude desk clerk checking in. Already being late to a ballgame i was heading to, i wanted to check in, change clothes, and get going. The young lady who checked me in, was short, rude, and extremely unfriendly handing my me keys and walking away regardless of whether i had questions or not. I needed directions to get to the United Center as fast as possible. She was not going to be the one to help me. The bellman out front of the hotel was very helpful everytime i needed help with transportation or to be pointed in the right direction. The bedspread in the room, was suppose to be white, but was dirty white, almost grey. For the numerous hundreds of dollars this property charges for their rooms, you would think they could keep blankets white. I am glad that my activities kept me happy, because this hotel didnt. i will not be staying here again nor will i tell anyone i know to stay here.	
May 11 2009 	Great Location and Accomodations	Location: Smack dab on the Michigan Mile. Halfway between Millenium Park and Water Tower mall.Hotel: Nice linens, pillows, clean rooms, nicely decorated, flat screen TV. Full-service Starbucks in the lobby. We paid $99/night via Hotwire. I'd pay up to $150/night and still think I'd gotten a good deal.Cons: Had to pay extra for internet access per day. Pay-per-view movies were $15. Parking is $53/day which I think is outrageous even for Chicago. There were several self-park lots a block away that were more reasonable ($36/24 hrs). Hotel food was pricey. For a 4+ star hotel, I would have thought they would have had more than single ply toilet paper!!The Grand Luxe restaurant a block down and across the street (above Ann Taylor) was outstanding in terms of views and food for breakfast.	
May 8 2009 	Lovely hotel great location incredibly slow check-in	This is about the fifth time I've stayed at this hotel to attend a conference. It's in a terrific location, and the rooms are very nice, but the check-in process was interminable. Between the time I first stood in line (about 2:30 p.m.) until I got the key to my room, almost 30 minutes had passed. I then had to wait another 20 minutes to get my luggage. If I had known that would take so long, I would have retrieved my luggage from the bell service where I stored it earlier that day before checking in.	
May 5 2009 	you can find better for less money	The rooms are very small compared to other American hotels. The room we stayed in had this very loud noise. We think it may have been the heating and cooling system. The noise &quot;boomed&quot; every few minutes. We stayed in room 2506. The location was good but not worth the money considering the size/noisy room. This hotel was reviewed to be 4 1/2 stars I've stayed in better 3 1/2-4 stars. I don't think is should be consider a 4 1/2 star in America maybe in another country. The fitness center has a cost of $16 and you have to swap a credit card for the use of the computers in the business center. I've never had to do that before so I was very disappointed and decided not to use the computer. The staff wasn't impressive but they were ok. The concierge service wasn't very helpful I've received better service in lower rated hotels. Overall, I think the hotel is overrated and a big disappointment.	
May 3 2009 	Best place to stay in Chicago!	I love this hotel. The staff is very helpful and responsive. It is centrally located and it is easy to get anywhere from the hotel. I was in Chicago for a convention and the shuttle service was convenient.The room would not cool down (I like my hotel rooms to be very cool) and the staff brought a floor fan which worked fine. Spent a lot of time in the bar and even though it was very busy, staff again, was attentive.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great place to stay!	While we only spent about 10 hours in this hotel (checked in @ 10p and out at 8am), everything was great. The front desk staff were pleasant and friendly, the common areas are beautiful, and the rooms (we were in the historic tower) were clean and comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Hotel - service room 	Service, room and laocation all outstanding. Hotel staff were very helpful without being overbearing. Room was very nice, yet amenities were pricey ($6.95 for half liter of water). Location was great, within walkiing distance to the Loop, Hancock center and Navy Pier. Bus station across street will take you to museums, aquarium and planitarium. West Egg Restuarant a few blocks down serves breakfast, lunch and dinner; great food and very reasonable. Hotel restaurant was too pricey for us but very nice. Starbucks in lobby was very handy.Only complaint was that they charged for use of the gym and internet service was outrageous ($9.95 for 15 minutes and $1.00 per sheet printed)	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location - Great Price	Stayed here for three nights with wife and two nine-year-old boys. Very nice hotel. Clean room and friendly staff. Old fashioned lap-pool but nice enough if you're not expecting a water park (we weren't). Good enough for the kids to practice their cannonballs! Awesome location. Walking distance from Hancock Tower, Ghirardelli, Giordano's Pizza, ESPN Zone and of course, the Billy Goat Tavern (cheezboogya, cheezboogya!!)We got an incredible deal via Priceline using the tips on Bet69terBidding.com. Parking can be a killer (as others have mentioned) but if you do your homework and are willing to walk a few blocks, you can find some alternative parking (I paid $69 total at a self-park garage for Sat, Sun and Mon nights).Would have been nice if high-speed wireless were free.	
Apr 25 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great hotel, perfect location, friendly and efficient staff. Starbucks on site, rooms are smallish but adequate. Beautiful pool and the building has great history, staff are passionate about the hotel and the history. Very efficient valet parking but expensive ($53 per 24 hours) - local parking is still $40 so you may as well stump up the extra $13.I would definitely stay here again, we got it on Hotwire for around $100!	
Apr 18 2009	For a 5-star Intercontinental just ok	Location perfect - right on North Michigan Av. We had a Standard room in the main building - room size pretty small but all in all ok. Swimmingpool is just a great disapointment. Wed pick the Hotel only if wed get the same rate for $99 per night, otherwise wed try antoher hotel (Sofitel, Sissotel, etc.).	
Apr 16 2009 	The intercontinental is an excellent hotel in every category	The hoel was in an excellent location. My room was very attractive and I found all the staff t be very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel in center of things	Would rate as a 4* +, with beautiful public areas . The location is outstanding, excellent restaurants of all price ranges and shopping in easy walking distance.Excellent large grocery store and liquor store, both within block of hotel. Bus service just outside door gets you to sights without expence of taxi. .Had very nice room in old section (the more expensive part of hotel), large room, very nicely furnished in a traditional style. We did bed and breakfast rate, which was a good deal, only slightly more than room without breakfast, but probably deal if only two persons. Good bath with both tub and shower, with high quality ameniteis and a good selection. Nice large towels. Hotels staff helpful in all areas. Good bed and pillows, although pillow menu promised never realized. The internet was very slow, probably because of full house with Information Teck personnel, but after we discussed it with front desk they removed charges (very nice). Excellent large HDTV, best TV have ever had in any hotel of any price range. Desk was large with plenty of electric plugs, but desk chair looked good was not too comfortable. Only negative part of stay was room was too warm even though outside tempature was in 30s. We kept window open and heat off entire 6 days and still almost too warm. They offered to move us, but maintance said it would be same temp in all rooms. The food was okay, bit on high side, but normal for this class of hotel, but with all the restaurants in area, not of concern. Did not have car but parking is $50 per day, valet only, but car not needed. Some public garages in area seemed to be in $30 day range, but no in and out.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Hotel -- Great Location -- Great Price	Our family -- mom, dad, two girls 10 and 5 -- stayed here for three nights. The hotel is in a great location, right on Michigan avenue. Lots of stores and restaurants within easy walking distance. Beyond that, the El -- subway actually -- is only three blocks away on Grand Ave.Everything was exceptionally clean. Decor is attractive. We had great service, but only dealt with the staff at check-in, check-out, and at the fitness center.The pool was phenomenal. It's huge. A holdover from the hotel's days as an athletic club. The room has multiple tiers of seats and tables for parents watching their kids. Not much of a shallow end for the very little kids. No whirlpool.Price was great: Under $130/night for Wed-Thurs-Fri stay. Don't know how long downtown Chicago rates will stay that cheap. Probably until the economy improves.Only two slight negatives. (1) The room (two double beds) was very small. With two kids, it was sometimes a juggling act to get us moved around. We were in the &quot;new&quot; tower of the hotel. (2) The in-house restaurant was very expensive: $25 for breakfast buffet. But given the number of other restaurants around, that wasn't such a big deal. For a great breakfast, check out West Egg Cafe at Ontario &amp; Fairbanks, two blocks north and two blocks east. There was also a Starbucks in the lobby for coffee/snacks.Overall, I'd stay again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 9 2009 	Terrible Service	I stayed here for a business meeting in November. The stay was fine until I actually needed some help when I returned home in recovering a couple of blouses I accidentally left hanging in my bathroom when I left. These weren't run of the mill t-shirts or I'd have blown it off to my own stupidity, but rather expensive blouses. So I invested hours in calling around the hotel talking to Security, Housekeeping, and the Front Desk and got absolutely nowhere. Want to speak with a manager there? Hah - good luck. The operator is 6-Sigma trained on directing calls to anywhere but the managers who don't want to be bothered with mundane issues like customer service. Where could those shirts possibly have gone? Clearly they didn't walk out of the hotel and were set aside by someone. It's a decent place, but if you need special assistance with anything, you aren't likely to get it.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Stay - Great Service	Great hotel and short cab to McCormick. Staff was extremely nice and service was prompt. Clean and comfortable for a decent price. I believe one of the nicer stays in Chicago. Great restaurants in walking distance! Breakfast buffet a little pricey but most are. Bar comes alive in the evenings.Very pleasant stay overall!	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location but alittle snubbed at the front desk	Cant say enough about the location. Right across from Nordstrom on the magnifcant mile. The room was alittle small but nice decorated. I really dont know why these places have the shower in the tub; its sooo much nicer to have a separate shower but no big deal, we were out and about more than we were staying in our room.The only real complaint, is that we wanted two double beds and were told over the phone we would get a non smoking room with two doubs, but when we checked in, the girl was very rude and placed us in a smoking room, telling us &quot;dont worry you cant smell the smoke&quot;. Thats such an insane comment to think that a room thats used 24/7 by people that smoke, and the smoke is embedded in the drapes and mattress etc, and she is trying to tell me I wont smell it. Well right when you walk off the elevator, it reeks with smoke!!! She didnt want to move us the next day and could careless about our comfort.. I asked for additional room keys and she looked at me like I was asking to have the moon moved for a better view. So great location, small but nice room, but front desk was rude and could careless about the costomer...	
Apr 3 2009 	Affordable beautiful and centrally located chicago hotel	We loved this hotel! Stayed at the hotel for a Girls Weekend. Very clean, beautiful and spacious rooms. The hotel is in the heart of downtown Chicago and was in walking distance from everything we wanted to do (shop, eat, see a play).The hotel restaurant was excellent as well.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Hotel!	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The decor was beautiful, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the restaurant was outstanding. The room I stayed in was beautifully decorated and the bed was extremely comfortable. Make sure you check out the pool, it is amazing.	
Apr 1 2009 	This hotel illustrates the best of Chicago.	This hotel has a great location on Michigan Ave that allows vistors to go anywhere in the city with ease. Cabs, buses and the river allow you to see museums, theater and architechture in minutes.The rooms are on the smaller size, but this is due to the historic nature of the buliding. And I recommend walking around the building to see some of the wonderful 1920's-30's features in the ball rooms. The Pool area is not to be missed for such architechture. In fact many peolpe came by the pool deck to just take pictures the room is so fantastic.The Tower rooms offer a great deal of privacy as there are only a handfull of rooms on the upper floors.	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfect!	Service was outstanding. Room was large (king bedded historic tower). They even had a birthday surprise waiting for me! Location was perfect. ENO was fun. Bar was cozy. Check-in and check-out a breeze. Starbucks on premise. Concierge helped with transportation and dinner reservations. The Bell man stored our luggage for us the last day so we could shop before our 5pm flight. Very nice and romantic. The only complaint, was we weren't prepared for all of the tipping and had to keep making sure we had some small bills in our pockets.	
Mar 29 2009 	Best IC Hotel	I have stayed at IC hotels in Rome, Vienna, Madrid, Paris, Helsinki, Amsterdam and London. This hotel is fabulous from rooms(upgraded) to service. The only IC hotel close in price and luxury is Vienna but still not quite as good. I was on business but my wife would have loved it. Windows open to the outside. Perfect location.	
Mar 23 2009 	The Intercontinental will be OUR Hotel in Chicago....	Our two-night stay was exceptional. The room was perfectly clean, and when I asked for extra towels, they were in the room when I returned from shopping. Drinks and snacks at the bar were very good, but expensive (but, I have come to expect this in Chicago). Location was perfect for shopping and dining. Some walking was required (1 mile or less) but was welcomed. I look forward to our return.	
Mar 23 2009 	Horrible - Bad Customer Service 	They were horriblly rude! They added items to my bill and during checkout they treated us like we were lying about it. When they reviewed the cameras and saw that they made the mistake we werent even offered an apology. I almost missed my plane and I missed the shuttle dealing with it and they were so rude and obnoxious about it. Plus dont even think about room service as they overcharge you like no other hotel I've ever been. A regular omelette with only cheese was $37.50-yes, $37.50. Plus, the amenities aren't even free. You have to pay for the internet. you have to pay for the gym and the pool. I would never go back there ever!	
Mar 17 2009 	We will defintely stay here again	Very clean and comfortable roomslocated in the center of the Michigan Mile shopping areaclose to most attractionsRestaurant,Bar and a Wine and Chesse bar on premiseUp to date fitness room, lap pool and sauna.On a bad weather day you don't need to leave the hotel.Have stayed at other hotels in the area would recommend theInterconcontinental Chicago.	
Mar 15 2009 	Perfect for getting your Chicago	The location is absolutely perfect, arguably the best location on Michigan Avenue. The staff was professional and friendly. We stayed in the historic tower. Very nice room though our floorplan was kinda odd and a tad small. Very nice and large bathroom though.We went to both the hotel bar and the seperate wine bar. Both are great for hanging out and each has a cool vibe. Expensive, but I guess that is to be expected. The food at the bar is typical bar grub and was decent except for the battered fish which was undercooked. That has to be my only complaint. Overall, we had a great time in Chicago and this hotel had a lot to do with that.	
Mar 13 2009 	Terrible hotel - Bad service - Not worth it - blocked in the elevator	This hotel was booked on our behalf for 2 nights so we couldn't change it. We would have left otherwise after the first night. Our friends had booked a room with a lake view. We got a view on the buildings. The room cost 299 USD but was worth a 3 stars. There are no special amenities and the room is not made up in the evening. The service is terrible. We were expecting a fax. They couldn't give it to us when we asked at the front desk. They promised to deliver it in the next few minutes. The following day, we asked for it by phone together with a wifi kit. An hour later none had been delivered. I went down to the front desk and none was ready. They didn't even feel embarrassed when I complained. The following day, we had a flashing red light on the phone saying another fax had arrived. We knew it was true as we were expecting it. The front desk said nothing had arrived. The fax had to be sent to our next destination to make sure we would have it.The day we were checking out, we were stuck in the elevator (22nd floor) for 10 minutes, ringing the bell. This seems to be 'business as usual' since someone mysteriously unblocked the elevator and no one seemed to have been worried about the alarm ringing for ten minutes.	
Mar 10 2009 	Romantic gem on Michigan Avenue but be prepared to walk for better dining 	We could not have asked for a nicer room, better service, or a better location for $125 a night. It was only a $8.00 cab ride from Union Station, too, which by the way I would highly recommend taking a train to Chicago. Parking prices seemed ridiculous &amp; the driving was very crazy! We stayed in the Historic Tower King Room with a view of Michigan Avenue. The room was luxurious &amp; romantic. It would have been nice to have a CD player in the room. And P.S. ladies- do not use the complimentary lotion, it smells very bad, like old playdough or something! But those are my only two very minor complaints. We didn't use the pool area but we checked it out- a very nice large pool but for lap swimming only. We didn't see a sauna or whirlpool, either. Every single staff member we encountered was extremely professional &amp; courteous. They had 2 employees who worked right outside the door loading &amp; unloading luggage, hailing cabs, &amp; they even escorted me to the door under an umbrella the night we returned &amp; it was raining! Now that's service! You must try the Passiontini at the bar by the entrance- $13 but the best drink of the weekend! Drinking is VERY expensive in Chicago- don't think you will find cheap drinks- we didn't &amp; we went to lots of different style bars. The dining options are very limited for this being such a large hotel. We previewed the breakfast menu &amp; they were charging $14 for 2 pancakes! Nothing with it, just 2 pancakes! We found a great diner right around the corner with unbelievable breakfast at a much better value (Mary's Cafe), pretty much every breakfast was $10.95, we had 4 different things &amp; they were all super delicious! If you go right out of the hotel there is a set of stairs that takes you down under Michigan Avenue- keep walking straight from the bottom of the steps about 2 blocks, on the right is Mary's. You will pass the Reagle Beagle which has to be one of your nighttime stops- it ended up being our favorite bar. Very low keyed, great food, great atmosphere, great 80's decor &amp; music. Not the songs that make you roll your eyes- the ones that make you say &quot;I've got to put this on my ipod!!&quot; You must try the Brady Brunch Punch, $10 each but soooo good! We had the boneless buffulo tenders one night with fries &amp; they were great. Other than those 2 places near the hotel, nothing really stood out- you've got to walk further for more options. Couldn't ever find the popcorn shop that everyone raves about, but while we were looking we discovered that Hubbard Street would be a great afternoon bar hopping street. Someone else told me Rush Street has lots of bars, too. Unfortunately we found out about these on our last morning :( We needed a late check out &amp; it was absolutely no problem getting it, even free of charge. So all in all this was an amazing hotel, but be prepared to walk for nightlife &amp; dining.	
Mar 9 2009 	excellent customer service	There was slight confusion about my room, and the hotel upgraded my room. I had a truly remarkable stay and the upgraded room exceeded my expectations. They made every effort to meet my needs.	
Mar 6 2009 	Over-rated	We were excited to see a 4.5-star hotel on Hotwire for just $95, but disappointed with the hotel itself. This is barely a 4-star in facilities or service. There was a long line for check-in, with the clerks loudly announcing people's room numbers as they checked them in (so much for discretion). The rooms themselves (we asked to see more than one) reminded me of the Times Square Sheraton: probably nice at one point but now past their prime and poorly maintained, I've added some photos but unfortunately the cell phone camera isn't very clear. The carpet was worn and stained in places, the baseboards were banged up, and all the furniture was dinged and scuffed,, In the bathroom the wallpaper was peeling and the counter had permanent stains. In the second room we saw there was also a bizarre brown stain in the middle of the wall -- and this was the room that was supposed to be an &quot;improvement.&quot; Since we were stuck here with a nonrefundable rate, we decided to make the best of it by getting a minibar drink and getting into the hotel bathrooms -- eeeeew, stained! Granted it was just a small lipstick stain but pretty icky to think the robes may not have been laundered between guests.Judging by the crown at check-in the hotel gets heavy tourist traffic, and the wear and tear is really showing. As other posters have also noted, there are just a lot of other, better choices in Chicago, Why a vendor would rate this a 4.5-star is beyond me, but even for a 4-star I'd look elsewhere,	
Feb 25 2009 	NOT 4 star quality. I would not advise staying there	I recently stayed for 3 nights after booking with hotwire. I have been to just about all of the 4 star hotels in the area and I have to say there are many which are better than the Intercontinental and cost a little less. If you are not concerned with the quality regarding your room, this review might not be important. First of all, valet has gone up to 53 bucks a day. Apparently, they have to run all the way to the Navy Pier to get your car so you will be waiting a little longer than usual. I waited about a half hour. Now lets get tot he real disappointment: The rooms. I was incredibly peeved when I walked into my room. It was so tiny I kept bumping my knees on the furniture when I was moving my suitcases around. Both my suitcases would not even fit in the closet so I have to cramp them in which made it a hassle to get my clothes out. I have been in 2 star hotel rooms that looked nicer than this. There was a little cat hair on a red velore like love seat, with cheap, really stiff cushions. I am not saying the room was dirty but it certainly was not spotless either. There were quite a few holes in the sheets as well. Sleeping was impossible due to the loud heating system. I called the front desk and they immediately sent someone to look at it. He sort of giggled and said that there was nothing he could do because it was supposed to be that loud. I couldn not believe it. I'm sure they get many complaints about the heating systems. All in all the staff is friendly, the food is pretty good, However, there are many other hotels with comparable prices and much better quality rooms, service, and ambiance.	
Feb 22 2009 	Amazing once again	My husband and I stayed at the Intercontinental for the second time on Valentines day this year. We were celebrating both our February birthdays and Valentines day. We had been upgraded to an executive suite and let me tell you it was fabulous! The room had two bathrooms which made getting ready really convenient and the comfy couch in the outer room was perfect for relaxing and watching T.V. I actually wanted to spend time in this hotel room. My favorite part of staying at this hotel is the staff. They are truly helpful and really went out of there way to make sure our stay was enjoyable. From the bell man who first helped with our bags to the very pleasant and kind front desk staff, we were made to feel like very special guests. It is so nice to spend time in a place where people greet you with smiles and kind words even when just answering a question over the phone. We will definately be back!	
Feb 20 2009 	Great location and decent quality for the price	I booked package deal with airfare and hotel. I was pleased to find this hotel was right in the heart of Michigan Avenue. I thought the decor was updated in the room I was in and liked that there was a Starbucks attached in lobby. Also, check out the pool area (even if you don't swim) it is very cool architecture. I had a great trip, enjoyed the staff, the bar, the room, etc. Room service was pretty good TOO! I would recommend this for several reasons but best of all is the location. Can't wait to visit again!	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Chicago Hotel Experience @ Hotel Inter-Continental	I work alot and i'm not able to get away on vacation with my children to much. so i work in the chicago area and wanted alittle getaway just for the weekend , so i chose the intrercontental for just that. and its just what we needed for that little break. We had a great time there .went swimming ,the pool was beautiful.And everyone at the hotel was so accommodating.I will be returning for another stay .	
Feb 15 2009 	Horrible Hotel	To avoid saying what others have already said, just don't stay at this hotel unless you're looking for a super cheap hotel in the city.My fiance and I booked a room here for Valentine's Day to get away from the daily grind but little did we know how disappointed we would be. The hotel staff was mediocre, decor was old and the hotel smelled stale! The ceilings are so short, so if you're even close to being 6 feet or taller, you're going to bump your head....seriously! The gym was smaller than most peoples bathrooms and if you think you're going to do anything other than run on the treadmill, you can forget it! They charge you $12 to workout and there wasn't ONE weight to lift, a resistance ball or room to stretch....simply horrbile! On top of that, we had to wait 10 minutes every time we wanted to use the elevator because they were so slow. The ice machine was on the 7th floor, so needless to say, we wasted a lot of time just getting ice.Overall, this hotel was pitiful! My fiance and I both agreed that our time would've been better spent at home. We live downtown already and just wanted to spend the night at a really nice hotel in the city and do some shopping on Michigan Ave. If it weren't for the location, this hotel wouldn't be in business! It wasn't even worth the $112 we spent to book it on Priceline. In the end, I guess you get what you pay for....	
Feb 12 2009 	Great Location Great Experience	Stayed at the InterContinental based on a recommendation from a co-worker. It was an excellent choice! It's in a great location right on Michigan Avenue, the room was very nice, and the staff was extremely accomodating! On my next trip to Chicago, I'll definitely be staying at the InterContinental.	
Feb 10 2009 	Girls Weekend and the Intercontinental	I booked a one night stay at the Intercontinental for a Saturday night so that me and my girls could have a night out in downtown Chicago. The Intercontinental is in a fabulous location. It is walking distance or a quick cab ride to just about anything in the downtown area. I booked a room with my cousin directly through the hotel. We were given a promotional package at the time of booking that included a room upgrade to the historical tower and a $50 food/beverage credit to use at the hotel restaurants/bars. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that there were no more rooms available in the historic tower that had 2 double beds, even though that was guaranteed ahead of time with our reservation. I was disappointed that at such a nice hotel that things like this happen. They offered us a room with a king bed in the historic tower, but we decided to take a room with 2 double beds in the main tower. The room was very nice, but very small. The bathroom was nice, but there was a very narrow doorway to get into the bathroom, which I thought was a little odd. We used our food credit for the breakfast buffet in the morning. The buffet was excellent, although quite pricey. The buffet was $24.95 per person, but the upside to that is that you are overlooking Michigan Avenue. I would recommend the splurge for breakfast - it was a nice relaxing way to spend the morning. In all, I would recommend this hotel for a night or 2 at a time, but if you are going to spend a lot of time in the room, I would recommend looking elsewhere since it is quite a small room. I work in downtown Chicago and my job demands that I know the ins and outs of the hotels in the downtown area. I've never been in the Intercontinental before my stay there, and I booked at that hotel because of it's location and also to check it out for work. It's a very nice hotel, but there are many nice hotels in downtown Chicago, and this one is not any more special than any of the others. If you are able to get a good deal at this hotel (under $200 a night), then I would recommend it.	
Feb 7 2009 	Great location unique wine bar can't wait to go back.	Shame the pool was closed, but offered use of pool in another hotel across the road. Can't fault the location, central to everything. Especially enjoyed the wine&amp;cheese bar downstairs, which we visited for a drink before heading out - excellent staff there.We were offered a free tour of the old building but never got around to it, will save it for next time!	
Feb 2 2009 	Whoever designed and installed the plumbing should be shot	Whoever designed and/or installed the plumbing should be shot. I was on the 37th floor and the shower was unusable. There was so little water pressure that the shower stream couldn't hit the opposite wall of the shower. Moreover, the temperature couldn't be adjusted. After 30 seconds, I gave up and took a bath. I wasn't happy with the slowness of the flow from the bathroom sink faucet, plus the sink didn't drain properly. If I had managed to use the shower, the light in the shower was burned out. The bathroom scale didn't work at all. The Internet service was slow for $12.95 a day. The maid failed to refill my supply of coffee and cream/sugar so I had to call downstairs for them. The decor of the room was nice and the bed was comfortable. Front desk personnel were friendly and the bellmen helpful.	
Jan 26 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised by the InterContinental	My husband and I decided to use Hotwire to book our one night stay in downtown Chicago to celebrate our anniversary. We choose a $110/nightly 4.5 star rating from Hotwire and they then told us that we would be staying at the InterContinenal and I must admit I was a little bummed as I was hoping for a smaller, boutique style hotel. When we arrived Saturday afternoon the lobby was bustling with energy and there were many people floating in and out of the bar. We made our way to the front desk and were nicely greeted by a front desk attendant who was extremely friendly. I was carrying a bottle of wine that we had brought with us and she noticed it, jokingly commenting, &quot;Oh that was so nice of you to bring that for us!&quot; She then asked if we were there for a special occasion and I told her that we were celebrating our anniversary. A few clicks on the keyboard later she told us that she had applied several upgrades to our reservation. This is very uncommon given that we used a 3rd party source to book our stay. Our room, suite really, was in the Historic Tower on the 34th floor. There was a large bathroom with a tub set underneath a large window with an awesome view of the city and a separate glass enclosed shower. The bedroom was spacious with a king bed, desk, couch, and entertainment center. There were also two large windows in the bedroom. Overall we were very impressed with the room, given that we had only paid $110. My husband really liked the bed (very firm) but I found it to be a bit lumpy and uncomfortable. The tub beneath the window was nice but it was just a regular size and not large enough to really lay down and relax in. The maid service was very quick to bring extra towels when we needed them and there was a button system on the door to let them know when not to disturb. The decorative style in the room was a bit dated, but not too cheesy or old looking. Sunday when we checked out we were assisted by the front desk manager who was, again, extremely friendly and courteous. We grabbed a Starbucks (nicely located within the lobby area) and took our bags to the bell stand. The bell staff (working the desk) were by far the least helpful/most rude staff at the hotel. They didn't smile and seemed pretty annoyed that we wanted to store our bags for a few hours while we walked around downtown. The only real problem we had was retrieving our car from the valet (that was ridiculously priced at $50). We waited about 30 minutes and finally went back to the valet desk where we had paid to get our car out. The woman had forgotten to give one of the runners our keys and our car had never been sent for. Fortunately we weren't in a hurry and so they went to get our car and she immediately apologized, took responsibility, and took my husband with her to refund the $50 fee. We were thrilled with her response and professionalism. Overall the InterContinental is a nice place to stay in the city. Would we pay more than we did to stay there again, nah, too many other great places for the same great price.	
Jan 25 2009 	Intercontinental Chicago--* World Class!	The Intercontinental Chicago is World Class--at amazingly low rates! From the beginning (checking in with Agnieszka Szumal--who was polite, professional, &amp; personal) to walking into a fabulous room (with my wife &amp; son) to enjoying the incredible pool &amp; gym (not to mention the restaurant/bars) to shopping on the Magnificent Mile (&amp; taking advantage of huge sales), our time at this hotel was simply fabulous (&amp; we travel around the world, so we have a lot to compare it to!). The next time you are in the windy city, do yourself a big favour...&amp; check into the Intercontinental Chicago!	
Jan 15 2009	A really happy birthday for my wife	Everything from our spacious, clean, well-furnished junior suite overlooking the Magnificent Mile to the impeccable service at every turn made this a hugely satisfying experience. The front desk staff were composed and competent young women who reflected being well-trained and well-suited to their jobs. A special hats off to Agnieska who honored a requested room change (for a better view) without flinching. The turn-down service each evening allowed us to return to a bedroom and bathroom impeccably refreshed. The location of the Intercontinental is such that walking to the upscale shops north or the Art Museum and theatre district south was easily doable and made taking cabs unnecessary. We have rarely had a more comprehensively positive hotel experience.Bert HudnallCharleston, SC	
Jan 13 2009 	you'll love the Intercontinental	Just returned from a three day business meeting at Chicago's Intercontinental and it couldn't have been nicer. Staff goes overboard to accomodate guests. Rooms are clean, well furnished, spacious and well appointed. Room service was quick and the food was great. Located in the heart of Chicago's Magnificent Mile...shopping and dining possibilities galore.Ms. J.B. Hancock	
Jan 12 2009 	Great hotel and fantastic location	I stayed at the hotel one night. The hotel is excellent, comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton, perhaps superior, but the location is definitely much better. Whatever your trip purpose is, business or leisure, you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile. Loved it!	
Jan 10 2009 	New Years trip to Chicago	Every year for the past 25 years, my wife and her sister, along w/ her husband, have shared New Years w/ a trip to the city. We use the trip to get away from everybody and everything to review the year just past and make plans for the year to come. Out of those 25 years, we have spent six of those years at the Hotel Intercontinental, Chicago. We have tried other places but the best has been the big &quot;I.&quot; It is centrally located, great rooms, outstanding staff, and wonderful food. My brother-in-law love the &quot;art deco&quot; pool and work-out rooms. A great place to go after lunch when the sisters are shopping. Even better is the Lounge downstairs! We have tried other places in Chicago and the &quot;I&quot; always seem to come up best. For the last two years we have been spending the first few days of the new year at the Hotel Intercontinental Chicago and this most recent stay was the best!	
Jan 10 2009 	Fabulous!	The InterContinental Chicago is FABULOUS! Small but lovely room in the Historic Tower. Entire experience, from check-in to check-out was perfect. Employees are friendly and attractive. Hotel was clean and attractive. Amenities are great, especially the indoor swimming pool!Food service was prompt, well presented and tasty.Can't wait to stay there again!	
Jan 8 2009 	Good value - good location	After arriving from Washington we spent 5 days at the Intercontinental as part of our new year holiday. Clean, efficient and anonymous with nothing in the decor to offend (or please) anyone. The building is impressive  bring your swimming gear. The staff polite and helpful. The hotel is ideally situated for a holiday - better than staying in the loop I would suggest. Two minutes walk from the El and with plenty of buses stopping just outside. There were plenty of taxies, we never had to wait for one. Our kingsize room in the new tower was fine  a little small but nothing surprising given the location. Two concerns  the air conditioning and heating system were very noisy and could not be used at night, which meant a very cold room; and the plumbing was very noisy. The hotel was good value (average of $130 per night per room) providing we did not use the hotels additional services such as room service. The mini bar pricing was ridiculous with a bottle of mineral water costing nearly $7  stock up at the Walgreens over the road. Wifi was $50 a week. There is an OKish lobby bar and good wine bar attached. The lobby Starbucks was convenient when returning cold. If you are visiting Chicago and want somewhere convenient that just works this hotel is a good choice. If you are looking for something with a little more personality then look elsewhere.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good choice	Spend five days here over New Year. Got a great deal on the Intercontinental website so I guess that was the main motivation for choosing this hotel. Plus the reviews on tripadvisor were overall good. Could not fault the hotel. Stayed in the &quot;new&quot; tower. Room was very comfortable - occasional noise from neighbouring rooms but it did not last long. Took breakfast on two occasions in the restaurant and found it good. Location is excellent - at the upper end of the Mag Mile it allows easy access to all the shopping plus the loop area for museums etc. At the price - would certainly recommend.	
Jan 4 2009	Customer service is back!!	After many stays at comparable hotels, I can say that this one was by far the best experience we had in a long time! EVERYONE was just so darn pleasant, they renewed my faith in quality customer service. From the doorman, to the front desk check-in, to the housekeeping service, to the security guard, to the fitness center staff...they were all as friendly and polite as you could ever ask for.The best example of hospitality? My son became ill during the night, and they arranged for us to do a 4pm checkout (when we needed to leave to catch our train) in order for him to stay in bed and recover. No extra charge; no hesitation on their part. They've earned my business from here on out!!	
Dec 29 2008	Perfect Location	The hotel is perfectly located for shopping and dining. The accomodations were just what we needed for a quick get-away. The staff was friendly and helpful. Water Tower is only a few blocks away, and there are plenty of great restaurants just steps from the hotel. The pool was packed with kids, so I wouldn't recommend it for lap swimming or relaxing. Still, overall this was a super choice.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great location good hotel	This is a great location in the city, especially for shopping up and down Michigan Avenue. For the money, however, I thought the hotel was decent but nothing to rave about. The rooms in the main building are fine but quite small. The pool is amazing (and included) but the exercise room is an additional $12 a day. A nice lobby and lobby bar but the hotel service was nothing special. My wife, with the kids, tried to check in as I was parking the car ($50/night) but the front desk attendant wouldn't let her since the room was in my name. My wife offered ID and a checkbook with both names on the checks but needed to ask for a manager to allow her to check in. Just not real customer-oriented and I think you could find better for the money. Try the Swissotel.	
Dec 26 2008 	Good Value Friendly Service	My room was a corner room on the 30th floor, with great views the lake and Tribune building. The bathroom was very very nice. For such an old property, it was very modern and up to date. The swimming pool is AMAZING, and worth a look even if you are not going to swim. The food provided at the meeting room break outs was above the level of comparable properties where we have booked conference space. The service as always helpful and friendly.	
Dec 26 2008 	Great Value in Chicago!!!!	What a great place!! Recently had the opportunity for a quick overnight in COLD Chicago with my family (wife and 2 young daughters) to soak-up some big city Christmas cheer and let the girls do some swimming. This hotel was perfect. The property is just beautiful. We had a large King in the Historic tower with a great view, large bath (w/ separate shower), plenty of floor space (the girls love to bring the aerobed), and overall very nicely appointed. The Historic tower is worth a visit even if not staying in the hotel. Very beautiful well-mainted structure with an interesting history. The pool is awesome (but could be a few degrees warmer-honestly my only very minor complaint). Breakfast at the charming 2nd floor &quot;Zest&quot; was terrific and more than worth the $18.95 EarlyBird special ($7.50 for the girls).As great as the property is-the real treat at this place is the staff! To a person-EVERYONE we came into contact with was top-notch. Friendly, professional and eager to enhance your stay in any way they could. Big-time kudos to the management staff for hiring, and properly training, such a great bunch of genuinely nice people.We've stayed at many of the nicer properties in Chicago and I can't think of a better place to get the most &quot;bang for your buck&quot;!Can't wait to go back. Hopefully, it will be warm enough to actually enjoy a stroll along Michigan Ave!!!	
Dec 24 2008 	Thanksgiving Stay	If you need a place right in the middle of the Magnificent Mile, this is the hotel for you. It took a couple tries to find it driving in from the east, even using my Garmin. However, once we pulled up to the front, our bags were handled efficiently, and our room was ready as promised. Of course, for a better view and a larger room, we were offered to upgrade to a more elite status in our travel club. I did so, but am not sure our view really changed much. The check in process was smooth and our room quiet and comfortable. I never appreciate Internet fees and didnt like that their Internet service was not free. Also, parking is very expensive in most downtown Chicago hotels, so avoid bringing a car unless you really need one. The hotel location is right across the street from Nordstroms, making shopping easy. There is a Starbucks in the downstairs lobby, which is nice for a quick breakfast. The restaurant/lounge was frequently busy, but our service was good. If you can get a rate for around $160/night I would take it and avoid the upgrade to something more expensive.	
Dec 22 2008 	Best Hotel in Chicago	This was my second stay at this hotel. I chose it as part of a package made available through Hotwire.com. When I saw it as one of the options, I seized the opportunity to stay there again. This time I was able to take my wife and we had all of our expectations exceeded by the staff of this superb hotel. We arrived early and were able to check in, even though it was prior to noon. For a small fee, we were able to upgrade our accomidations and enjoy a spacious room with a great view of the city. I have to speak again about the staff at this hotel. It was probably the most friendly I have ever encountered in my travels. They were quick to help with any questions we had about the city, how to best get around, attractions and places to dine. I certainly will stay there on my next visit to Chicago!	
Dec 20 2008 	Mike Cohen Appreciation	Our stay was great and even greater by the entire staff and the attention they gave during our stayWe look forward to our next stay at the InterContinental and the staff in Chicago	
Dec 16 2008 	Quality Intercontinental Experience	We stayed three nights at the Intercontinental Chicago and from the start it was a pleasant experience. At check in we were offered an upgrade at a very reasonable price. The upgrade turned out to be a two room, two bedroom suite with its own elevator direct entrance.The staff was knowledgeable, courteous and professional. Restarant prices we quite high for good, not great, food at both dinner and breakfast, which was the only minor blot on this hotel experience.The ftness center and pool were top notch.	
Dec 16 2008 	Would love to go back!	We were upgraded to a suit, which was lovely! The property itself was amazing, our entire stay was very enjoyable. I recommend just wandering around the hotel, as there is lots to look at!It's also in an excellent location for walking or public transportation.	
Dec 14 2008 	Overrated overpriced	For the price, this hotel does not offer many amenities. Internet costs $16 for 24 hours. If you forget toiletries, you are better off walking down Michigan Ave. to the Walgreens because the hotel charges you four bucks per item for shaving cream, razors, toothbrush, and toothpaste. Other, less expensive hotels I've stayed in, give these items free at the front desk.The central benefit to staying in this hotel is the location. It is right in the middle of the Miracle Mile, and most of the things you want to see are within walking distance. Overall, the rooms were fine, although I don't think the bathroom was well-cleaned. There was hair on the edge of the bathtub. However, there really wasn't anything special about this hotel or its rooms, and for the price, I'd rather have stayed in a Best Western or Holiday Inn for the free Internet.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Hotel Experience	I travel quite extensively for business and travel to Chicago on a frequent basis. Before this most recent year I was a regular guest at a different hotel chain. I began to search other locations based on location of client meetings. I decided to give the InterContinental a try. My first stay was very good so I decided to stay at the hotel again for this most recent trip. I was pleased to have ANOTHER great experience. When the cab pulled up to the hotel I was greeted by a friendly bellman who helped me into the hotel. It happened to be the coldest day since last February so I was doubly appreciative of the smile on his face. The hotel was nicely decorated for the holidays (which makes the business travel aspect of my life a bit more special). The front desk staff was very attentive and welcoming as I checked in. The room was very clean and well appointed. The hotel continues to implement GREEN initiatives and does a good job of communicating their mission and the many ways they are trying to help our envirornment. Both the room service delivery time and food was very good. In addition, if you have an opportunity to visit the bar and are hungry, be sure to order the mini-sliders on pretzel bun. They were very delicious but also found the chef's presentation to be very creative.I am planning to make the Hotel Intercontinental my new home-away-from home when I am in Chicago. I am very pleased with the consistency and quality of service and the genuine good nature and professionalism of the staff. In addition, if I ever have an occasion to travel with my family to Chicago, the hotel would be a great location first because of the service but also the pool is great and would be another activity for the kids. There is also great shopping but in particular the hotel is located across the street from an indoor Mall with lots of great stores (including Nordstroms)!Give this hotel a try, you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great Location Friendly staff	Hotel is right in the middle of everything Chicago has to offer. Large hotel with great architecture, you can choose to stay in the new more modern tower othe the charming historic tower.Friendly staff with great service! I will definitely be staying here again on my next trip to Chicago!!Oh yeah, and a full service &quot;real&quot; Starbucks in the Lobby.	
Dec 11 2008 	Very nice weekend getaway	Great location in the shopping district. We booked this room via Hotwire and received a good rate. When we checked in early at 1PM they upgraded our room to one with view of the lake. Room was perfect. The bed was comfortable and the staff was very curtious. My wife and I found the lcoation to be walkable to everything. I had heard the parking was $49 per night so I drove around the block and found a garage for $25 per day since we didn't need our car anyway. Great stay/great hotel.	
Dec 11 2008 	The InterContinental Doesn't Disappoint	I'd had very satisfying stays at InterContinental Hotels in Europe before, but never had stayed in any of their stateside properties. As soon as you drive up to the hotel you notice the architecture of the building. Housed in a former Shriner's Athletic Club, the structure is a refreshing change from the cookie-cutter layout of many large hotels. It has character. My room was larger than I expected and nicely furnished. The bed was comfortable and the bedding not too smothering like some other hotels. The closet was large and the flatscreen TV was a nice surprise. I had a very good buffet breakfast in the restaurant. The bar was a little on the small side, but the selection of beers was good. Overall, I very much enjoyed my stay at the InterContinental. My only criticism would be the cost to valet park a car is a hefty $50 per day, with no option for self parking. But I guess that's the price you pay for staying downtown.	
Dec 8 2008 	Finest Hotel	From the muinute we got there to the time we checked out, the staff was very friendly. The hotel is clean, with great decor. The location is a perfect, you are so close to many attractions. Even if you did not want to leave the hotel, you have everything you need right there. We will always stay at the Intercontinental Hotel Chicago!	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Service nice Hotel	We booked short notice this hotel before Thanksgiving looking forward to enjoying the pool. We have been staying many times in CHIC but never got to stay at the Interconti. Unfortunately the pool was closed for repair and we did have some issues with the non-working a/c system and the noisy elevator right behind our wall. The hotel did wave generously part of the fees for parking / internet to compensate us for our experience which we did highly appreciate. We decided to upgrade to a Junior Suite which gave us 2 baths/ and a separate bedrom. The King Bed was big and very comfortable in a rather small room, the pull-out sofa in the connecting room would need desperately to be replaced since it was absolutely worn out ( our son had to sleep on it feeling each single spring) . The hotel is in an older building and probably does require lots of maintancance. The lobby is beautiful but small, the adjacent STARBUCKS very convenient for a quick breakfast, the service of the hotel staff very friendly and helpful.Probably would stay again in the hope to experience the pool next time but would make sure to ask for a room NOT ADJACENT to the elevator and with an updated/ newer sleeper sofa.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Stay	I've stayed in many hotels through business travel. The InterContinental in Chicago was definitely a very nice hotel. Service was friendly and helpful. Even the valet guy was really nice.Rooms were clean and the bed was VERY comfortable.Wish I had stayed a few days longer...cause I never got to try the pool.	
Dec 5 2008 	Our kids love this hotel!	This is the 2nd time we've stayed at the hotel. It is our favorite in the city. We love the swimming pool, but it happened to be closed the week we were there. They upgraded our room and also allowed us to go to the Marriott across the street and use their facilities.The rooms are large and very comfortable. It is just an incredible hotel and close to all of our favorite places. We look forward to returning next year.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great hospitality	The InterContinental Hotel chicago was a great romantic getaway for my husband and I. When we first arrive the door man greeted us with his knowledgement on the hotel and the city. We was very impress with his willingness to make us feel comforable and relax. I am not sure if the InterContinental Hotel trained all their employees to overwhelm the customers with kindness or if it was just this young man personality. My husband and I was so impressed by Keenan Caldwell, that we left this hotel feeling as if we were on our second honeymoon. We will absolutely recommend this hotel to all of our friends and family, mostly because of the hospitality of this young man.	
Dec 1 2008 	Thanksgiving weekend at Intercontinental	My girlfriend and I spent two nights over the Thanksgiving holiday at the Intercontinental. This hotel was very beautiful throughout most of the interior and exterior the adjoined restaurant/bar and Starbucks was enjoyable and convenient for day and night time city walkers like ourselves. The best aspect of the hotel is its location in my opinion. It's literally right on Michigan Avenue, head just one block North and you're dead in the middle of the Magnificent Mile, famous for fabulous shopping and boutiques. The lobby was ornate and gorgeous with some crowd issues during the night time, since it was not a very large lobby. Check in was rather easy. We had booked the room weeks in advance via Hotwire and recommend that method if possible, of course it's not feasible to know with 100% accuracy that you'll get the Intercontinental when booking through them, but if it's a 4 Star in the Loop you may be in luck. I believe we paid $130 a night. The history behind the hotel is rather extensive and unfortunately we did not have the time to check out all of what the hotel has to offer in terms of historical significance. Although I did wander lost in the the historic tower a bit after getting ice! The building and towers are a bit confusing in the L-shape turn hallways that lead into different sections of the hotel entirely without you noticing when you head up or down stairs. But the pool must be seen. It's one of the most beautiful indoor pools that I have seen. As for the room, it was extremely cozy and reminded me of the Palace Hotel in San Francisco a few weeks ago, so much so in fact that the Screen Saver on the plasma tv was exactly the same and playing the same hypnotic tune, on the neutral Hotel channel. The refrigerator was packed with overly priced alcohol and soft drinks. I'd rather have the space to store leftovers or my own alcohol from stores down the street to be honest. The room itself was much less spacious than the Palace, and in general was very tight. It had a Queen Size bed and a 3 cushion couch tucked near the window. Not much room to put any large luggage without it obstructing your walkway to and from the door and bathroom. The bed was comfortable and the TV was a pleasantly large HD flat screen. My particular view being on the 12th floor overlooked the backside of the neighboring buildings and street. So not a very awe-inspiring view, but then again it wasn't a special room in the historic tower nor a suite. The concierge were well informed and found information with extreme ease and speed. I recommend walking to Trump tower and if it isn't the winter time definitely check out the architecture tours down the Chicago River. Check out was very easy through Instant Service on your phone, simply leave the card keys in the room after they verify any additional charges and at 12:00PM. Overall, the Intercontinental is one of the prettier hotels in Chicago, but it's most attractive feature is its centralized location to the downtown shopping area. Some negatives are the unusually small lobby for such a nice hotel and small rooms with the small refrigerator stuffed with high-priced booze instead of leaving space for personal boissants. If you are into shopping and want to see the architecture and cultural center of the city this should be a definite place to stay for under $200 a night.	
Nov 30 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Intercontinental	We came to Chicago for the Thanksgiving Holiday with other family members. Service was wonderful, room and all the amenities very comfortable. We had the holiday dinner and wine pairing in Zest and also found it to be excellent quality and quantity, as were the morning buffet breakfasts. The package we booked also included the valet parking which worked very very well.	
Nov 24 2008 	Magnificent!	I work for Radio Disney and we were huge sponsors of Mag Mile Lights Festival so I stayed at the Intercontinental Chicago for 2 nights. My family joined me on the 2nd night. My room had the most amazingly comfortable king bed that I truly appreciated as I wa onmy feet about 15 hrs each day. My daughter is a competitive swimmer and just loved the chance to swim in a pool with such rich history. On Sunday afternoon her and I had Tea at Zest where we overlooked Michigan Ave. and recounted all the fun things we had done over the weekend. Kingson Kok, the Restaurant and Bar manager was so lovely and answered all our questions about the history of the Intercontinental Chicago and suggested that we come back for the self guided tours that they offer for free. We fully intend to spend more time here. The next time we are going to make sure we have more time to shop especially since Nordstroms is directly across the street.	
Nov 23 2008 	The Awesome InterContinental Chicago	The InterContinental Chicago is amazing. The staff is pleasant and efficient. The rooms are outstanding. The location couldn't be better. This was my second stay and it has become my hotel of choice in Chicago.	
Nov 23 2008 	Prime location room so-so....	Stayed at the hotel with my partner for 3 nights at the beginning of November when Chicago was basking in glorious sunshine and the election reached its conclusion (and the city went in to celebration mode). I chose the hotel purely on location and was not disappointed. In fact, the location exceeded my expectations. For a first time visitor to the city it was immense. Some impressive architechture and excellent shopping on your doorstep. It's also very close to the departure point of the Chicago Architechture Foundation river cruise which I would highly recommend. For a first timer, it was perfect. The hotel lobby is impressive and the much talked about pool is stunning and was not very busy when we went for a swim, so we were very happy with the hotel itself and the amenities, albeit if I was a gym user I would have been less pleased as the fitness facilities weren't great for a hotel of this class.The room rate, which I booked through a UK hotel website, was also reasonable compared to other hotels in the city, particularly considering the location. However, our room, which was in the modern part of the hotel, was just OK. We requested a king bed and received 2 doubles which wasn't an ideal start to our vacation but we were too tired to request a move. The cleanliness of the room could have been better and we had some issues with the electrics which we persevered with but should have reported. Overall, I was more than satisfied with my stay at the IC Chicago but that was primarily due to location and not the quality of the room itself. If I hadn't received such a cheap rate for the room then I would have definitely complained about the room we were allocated and requested to change. All in all, it was an excellent choice and one I would recommend, mainly to first time visitors.	
Nov 22 2008 	great hotel	Great location.Concierge very helpful...Room was clean, but not spotless... Found some dust.Very good quality for the price you pay.$50 to park the car is honest price... note that you can leave car there from noon to 5pm of following day.Phone, snacks, water are not included and very very expensive... you can though go to Starbucks right near the lobby.	
Nov 18 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the IC Chicago on November 7 for 5 nights. We had booked a standard room but were upgraded to a huge suite which was amazing. The service in the hotel is superb and on the one occasion that we ate at the hotel it was very good. The pool is free to residents and open very early til very late. The concierge service is the best of anywhere I've stayed and they have an encyclopaedic knowledge of restaurants in the area without consulting any books or maps.Within a couple of blocks of the hotel are several outlets of the Corner Bakery which is a great place to go for breakfast if you're on a budget but also want fresh food. It does everything from eggs to bagels to porridge for breakfast plus all kinds of things for lunch etc.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location and energy in Chicago	We spent the night in the historic tower on a Saturday night. We had a gift certificate and used it to celebrate a birthday. The lobby was lively and inviting. Several weddings were going and there was a lot of traffic, but the lobby did not seem overly crowded. Our check in was swift, our request to change to a king room was accommodated without incident.The room was very spacious and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel location is right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. Loads of restaurants, shopping, parking nearby. We enjoyed our stay so much that we are looking into holding a 50th anniversary party at this location. The pool is also beautiful.	
Nov 13 2008 	very pleased at intercontinental chicago	Just returned from the INTERCONTINENTAL-CHICAGO and must say was very pleased with the overall service and ammenities the hotel provides. Definately plan on going back soon and staying at the Intercontinental. Stayed at many on the magnificent mile and thus far none compares to our stay at this hotel.  Mario D.	
Nov 11 2008	Nice Stay at the InterContinental	We took the Amtrak from Lincoln, IL to Chicago on 11/2/08. Arrived at hotel by 10:30 a.m. and were able to have early check in. Room was very nice, but small. Built in couch located directly below the window. We could see Navy Pier, otherwise view was tops of other buildings. Bathroom was adequate - also on the small side. We were attending the noon Bears game, so took cab to Soldier Field. First time at SF - seats were 2 rows from the top! Took cab back to hotel and freshened up, headed to hotel lobby bar. Very lively, nice bar. Good size drinks, friendly bartender. Decided on Gibson's Steakhouse for dinner. We didn't have reservations, but were told a table would be available in 15-20 minutes. Went to bar and ordered drink and table was ready. Both husband and myself ordered steak. Very good meal, but felt a bit rushed. The next day we decided to do some shopping and looking around. Stopped at Ditka's for a Bloody Mary - one of the best I've had! More shopping and then on to the Billy Goat Tavern for a cheeseburger. More walking and back to the hotel to pick up luggage and took cab to Amtrak. Had heard how great Garrett's Popcorn was, but no one had been able to tell us where it was. Cab driver to Amtrak found it and stopped for me to run in and get carmel/cheese corn combo. I have to agree with Cab driver - a bit buttery for my taste!The staff at the InterContinental was great. Very friendly and helpful. We booked this room through Hotwire, and for the money, would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Perfect on all counts	I took my daughters on an American Girl Weekend to Chicago. The Intercontinental had a package giving us a discount, doll beds (one free to take home), and cookies and milk at night. The room was impeccably clean. The staff was very helpful. Room service was excellent, fast and hot. The hotel dining room had good food and warm service. The pool is amazing! You feel transported to another time in the pool area and is very magical. The location is good and although other hotels may be closer to American Girl Place at its new site in Water Tower Place, this one is across from Nordstrom and is just a lovely place to stay.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great location for shopping	The hotel is across the street from a four level mall, the Shops at North Bridge, anchored by Nordstrom's. There is a Starbucks in the hotel and a Panera Bread close by. We stayed in the historic tower in room 1404 and our room was huge. My daughter and hubby upgraded to a corner room for the better view, but their room was much smaller, although still very spacious. The room service is expensive. I had a twenty eight dollar club sandwich, fruit, and about 1/4 cup of coleslaw. 18 percent tip and a service charge is added. From the 14th floor foyer you can see the beautiful historic pool, nicknamed the Johnny Weismuller pool. i highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great stay	My wife and I just stayed four nights at the Chicago Intercontinental Hotel on a trip combining business and pleasure and enjoyed our visit enormously. From the reservationist, who was the most polite, professional and helpful that I've ever encountered, to the room itself, which was small, but clean, well maintained and very comfortable, we had a very nice stay. The concierge made a winning recommendation for a restaurant on our first night, the only night for which we didn't have a preexisting reservation for dinner, and he also gave spot-on advice about navigating the train and bus system on the one day that we wanted to travel across town. The room was ready on time, very nicely maintained and the bed was quite comfortable. A digital signal on the LCD TV would have been nice, but for location, cleanliness and professional treatment the Intercontinental is high recommended. We will definitely stay there again in the future.	
Nov 2 2008 	Intercontinental Chicago was awesome	We have just returned from a weekend at the Intercontinental Hotel in Chicago. The hotel is magnificent and we loved the historic character of the hotel. Staying in the historic tower, on the 31st floor, we had a fantastic view of Lake Michigan and the Navy Pier. Watching the fireworks over the lake at night was an unexpected, but beautiful treat. The food, service and meeting spaces were incredible. We had a perfect weekend there.Of course, the location is also ideal. Located on Michigan Avenue, it was convenient to shop and explore some of the fantastic restaurants that Chicago has to offer.The so-called Johnny Weissmuller pool, named after the Olympic gold medalist and original Tarzan star, was impressive and standing by this fully restored 1929 indoor pool made us feel like we were transported back to that period of time. We have stayed in many of the hotels in downtown Chicago, but over the years the Intercontinental has become our absolute favorite. We look forward to our next stay there.	
Oct 31 2008 	My home away from home	Our company regularly stays with the InterContinental in Chicago's beautiful downtown shopping district. They have a wonderful way of making us feel comfortable and cared for, even on our repeated extended stays. We come back year after year, and the cost is usually not much more than the generic hotel chains. Lovely accommodations, caring staff, and a wonderfully unique facility make it a pleasurable stay again and again!	
Oct 28 2008 	Great location for business and pleasure!	I stayed at the Intercontinental Chicago for three nights last week. I'm a frequent business traveler and my experience at this property defininately far exceeded my expecations. The hotel staff was welcoming, the rooms were large, recently decorated and quite stylish, and the hotel gym and pool were tremendous with flexible hours and new equipment (unfortunately, this is not always the case with hotel gyms). The location of this property is amazing. There is a lively hotel bar, a starbucks and a chocolate/wine bar, all in the lobby. Surrounding the hotel are numberous restaurants and up-scale shopping. This is a terrific location for business or pleasure!	
Oct 23 2008 	Great View!	The hotel itself is grand. It has an interesting history. The rooms are a bit on the small side and no microwave, but the comfort was great and the room was very clean. The pool is like a step back in time. I took pictures but didn't swim in it. The location of this hotel can/t be beat! It is right in the heart of shopping and eating. It is walking distance to Navy pier. It is a short trolley ride to the museums. The view was outstanding and can't be beat. I watched the sunrise over Lake Michigan every morning. Incredible. Mostly I am easy to please, but the inability to reheat leftovers was annoying. We had to eat out EVERY MEAL. The fridge was stocked and overpriced(like 4 dollars for a bag of M n Ms and 6,95 for bottled water). So we couldnt use the fridge either. My bedroom at home might be bigger than the room was. The tv was large and flat screen and awesome for watching tv but we didnt watch a lot of it. Too busy seeing the sights. Overall it was neat but I have stayed at other places that were even better and DIDN'T cost an arm and a leg per night.	
Oct 20 2008	Great Location to Experience the Windy City	While my stay was associated with business travel, when I return for a personal vacation I will consider staying at this hotel. It is in a great location for shopping and dining and the staff is very courteous. An enjoyable experience overall on alll 3 visits.	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved the bed	We recently stayed at this property for a week. When we arrived the outside bellman was very friendly and you could tell he genuinely enjoyed helping people. Checking in went very smoothly and the desk clerk offered us an option to join their loyalty club. This gave us a room upgrade and was well worth the money.As I said we got an upgraded room. The really neat thing about it was that it was a corner room with a great view of Michigan Avenue. There was quite a bit of floor space, but because of the layout, much of it was unusable. A U shape would be the best way to describe it. Most of the floor space was hallway which made the room area no larger than a regular room. The desk was down the hall from the bedroom/TV area.There was a nice easy chair, but with an upgrade I would have expected a place for a second person to sit and a small table. We had to move the chair from the desk area in order to have something to sit on. We turned a trash can over to use as a table since there was none and the desk was down the hall.That aside Ive got to say what a WONDERFUL bed they had. It was so comfortable I wanted to take it home. They sheets and pillows were also top notch.The bathroom was nice and roomy and well appointed. At a hotel of this caliber it would the lighting could have been better or they should have had a lighted make-up mirror. I really enjoyed the over sized bath sheets.I take exception to a hotel charging extra for wi-fi. When youre paying premium rates it should be included. It is irritating when an expensive hotel nickels and dimes guests for extra charges.There was also an ick situation. When I got a robe out of the closet it appeared to have been used, then re-hung up. There was something brown and icky on the sleeve and on the back. I threw it into the bathtub with the dirty towels. It was taken away, but not replaced. I didnt say anything to housekeeping about it. Ive learned from experience you dont want to ticket off housekeeping while youre staying at a property.All of the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Our bathroom sink was draining very slowly. I called about it and it was quickly repaired. I was a little surprised that housekeeping hadnt reported it. I dont know how they wouldnt have noticed.The location was great. It was convenient to the shops on Michigan Avenue and to the tourist sites such as the Field Museum and Hancock Tower. So overall the experience was good and Id stay there again.	
Oct 19 2008 	We had a wonderful experience!	This hotel is comfortable, safe, and perfectly located for visiting the Navy Pier, Art Museum, the shops on MIchigan Avenue...etc.The pool is large, there is a sauna and a work -out room, and the staff offers great service. We have stayed at the InterContinential before and always try to book it when spending time in Chicago. The rooms are well equipped, beds are comfortable, and we find it the place where we have been the most comfortable when staying in this busy city!	
Oct 17 2008 	Who's been staying in my hotel room? Room cleaning breakdown	This doesn't happen often: you unpack, get settled in and then notice in the bathroom that there is debris in the trash can. And then, as you study the situation, you see debris from a shower -- the hotel shampoo bottle, the wrapper from the soap bar, etc. And then, still taking the bathroom in like a first time trip to a crime scene, you notice a used bar of soap in the bathtub. YUCKK. If it hadn't been the middle of the night, I would have rejected the room, but I was too exhausted to think and simply went to bed.I had a second breakdown in the one meal I sought: dessert. I ordered two items. Only one came, and after a wait, I prodded the staff into action.The workout room was a B- at best: About 12 pieces of equipment. I was able to get a treadmill. But the ICH charges $12 for the privilege of a workout. Memo to ICH: this is a problem at 530am when I don't have cash -- now I have to choose between exercise and the additional charge on my bill which I will have to break down when I get home as a personal charge. Thanks a lot -- I don't generally take cash to a nice hotel workout joint.The hotel room I was given was not for a second honeymoon. I opened the prison-like window drapes only to find a sticker that read something like: &quot;Do not open window swarms of bugs outside&quot; Nice.I do not believe, based on my stay that this is a five star hotel. I am at 3.5 stars at best.This great chain is really coasting on it in Chicago. Michigan Ave address isn't worth this. I will keep looking in Chicago.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	This is a great hotel in a great location. My 29th floor room was really spacious and well equipped, with great views over the city. Breakfast was very complete and with a good selection of everything. Service was up to the expected standard of the Intercontinental. Only the afternoon/evening barman was rather unfriendly. However, all in all a very good hotel.	
Oct 14 2008 	The everything you could ask for hotel.	The place to stay in Chicago is with out a doubt the InterContinental on Michigan Ave. From the moment you pull up, till the time you are ready to leave, you are greeted with a smile, a &quot;Hello, how are you&quot;, and all of the help you could ever use! They strive to make sure that you have the most relaxing stay in a hotel that you have ever had. Cleanliness is a very big issue with my wife and I, and they hotel passed with flying colors. The hotel is also in a perfect location. You can walk out the front door to Michigan Ave and the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;, the numerous restaurants, Navy Pier, The Theater District, and many other great points of interest. This all adds up to a fantastic time in Chicago!	
Oct 8 2008 	Love It ...or I thought I did	This was my second return stay at the InterContinental. I was last there October 2007 for one night. It is in a great location for shopping and sightseeing! The rooms are nice, but thats about it.On my first trip, they stuck me in a room with two beds although I requested only one KING bed. Their excuse was that the number of beds was not a guarantee, but it does NOT say that on the website when you are booking it so I pointed that out and just got a BLANK stare like SO and whattae it or leave. No effort was made to accommodate my request. Nice room, but small with the unnecessary two double beds. On this second trip I again requested one KING bed, but again they gave me two double beds. Parking is not that convenient. The last time I didn't rent a car, but this time I did. There really is not close and SAFE parking in any reasonably convenient distance from the hotel so valet is really a MUST. The downside to their valet is customer service. First, no one tells you when you check in that you have to stand in one line to pay for valet first when picking up your vehicle, then another line to go wait and give your keys to an attendant who then drives offsite, down the street to get your car. Be ready to wait twenty minutes for your car. This was even when I called downstairs 30 minutes ahead of time. There is also a very small area for patrons to wait to leave their car to valet which means you are in the street (downtown Chicago on the Magnificent Miracle Mile) blocking traffic!!! Dangerous.Also, being a true Californian, the room was freezing to me since it was Spring, but they already had the air on. They sent maintenance up to fix He did some adjustments and swore it would heat up but it never did. Overall, I like the hotel, but its NOT as perfect as I thought.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great Location	My daughter and I were on a shopping weekend and stayed at the InterContinental in Chicago. It was the best location for exactly that. We also were in a location that provided many wonderful choices for dining. We walked everywhere because of this great location. The staff was warm and friendly. We were taken on a mini tour of the original section of the hotel.There were robes in the room, which believe me at the end of the day they were so welcome. The hotel has a magnificient swimming pool, which is a must see. When we travel to Chicago again, we will definitely stay at the InterContinentalit was a pleasure for us to stay there.	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved the ICH in Chicago	This was our first visit to Chicago therefore we had to rely on Tripadvisor comments to help determine where we were going to stay. Once again, tripadvisor proved to be a valuable resource and we were not disappointed when we arrived at this hotel. We stayed in a room on the 35th floor in the Historic Tower (upgarde required) but found our room a bit on the small size - the view was spectacular! Don't get me wrong, the room was more than adequate and very well appointed, we just wanted more space to stretch out. The front desk staff were very accommodating and moved us down to the 23rd floor (again in the Historic Tower). The room was much larger but the view not as spectacular - we gave up one thing for another so just be aware of this.Now that I have that housekeeping (no pun intended) out of the way, this hotel, although showing her age a bit, is a classy old dame that is filled with historic design and architecture. The service we received from the staff was excellent. They were friendly, very professional in their duties, and most important to us they were knowledgeable. We had many questions and they had the answers we needed - especially the Concierge' on duty. This hotel is right smack dab in the middle of it all and most everything that you need to do or see is within walking distance - shopping, theatre, night life, and more. There are some very modern and upscale hotels in this area but there is a warmth and charm that welcome you and make you feel comfortable at the Intercontinental. When we come back to Chicago, and we will be back, the Intercontinental Hotel is where we will stay..	
Oct 7 2008 	In the heart of downtown Chicago!!	Location, location, location. The InterContinental is the place to stay if you want an excellent experience exploring downtown. From its great location to its great accommodations, the place has it all. Walking through the front door you know you are at a place that values your time. They quickly get you checked into your room. Once in your room, you will notice most have great views of the Chicago skyline/shoreline. The rooms are modern and do not &quot;feel&quot; old. The bathrooms are large and bright and the showers are hot! The Olympic size swimming pool is definitely something that you should at least view. It is even better if you take a swim as you can sense the history of the marble surfaced pool. The work out facilities are also top notch. Once you are done working out, the bar is definitely a happening place for happy hour as it always has many people sitting and talking. The restaurant is very good, but there are other places to explore in Chicago. Now getting to the location of the place. You are on the magnificent mile and can easily walk up and down Michigan Avenue or can head down to Navy Pier. During the summer there are fireworks and if you are lucky enough to get a room that faces Lake Michigan, you will see a spectacular show. The &quot;L&quot; is only a few blocks away which can take you down to Wrigley Ville or back to Midway Airport. Great experience all around and I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Enjoy the Great Service	Fantastic service. Great location. Nice bar. Great breakfast.	
Oct 5 2008	Location Location Location	The Intercontinental is located right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile....close to all the shopping you will ever need, and lots of restaurants also within walking distance.We had our children with us, age 11 and 14, who loved the &quot;fancy&quot; pool.....very ornate marble and pillars make this not your average hotel pool....located indoors.The staff were all very friendly and accomodating.....we were only there one night, but would recommend staying there for one or more nights.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great hotel	I agree with previous opinions mostly good about this hotel. Excellent location both for tourism and shopping around. Very fine rooms though smaller bathroom than expected. Friendly staff but no exception for a later check out without paying extra 30 $ (even if you only needed 30 minutes after expected check out at 12:00). Excellent beds. Great indoor pool and sauna at no extra cost.	
Oct 2 2008 	Reliable and great location	The Intercontinental Chicago is a consistently reliable hotel with a great location. We have stayed at the hotel several times while in Chicago and have been pleased with the service, cleanliness, and location. The hotel has a nice bar, however, the wine bar adjacent to the hotel (accessible from inside the hotel), is a great place for relaxing and enjoying an extensive wine list, cheese, and olives. We bypassed breakfast at the hotel in favor of the Corner Bakery across the street, which has a decent breakfast selection, good quality food, and great coffee.Previous stays have been without any complaints or issues. On this stay, the only complaint was when we called the guest service &quot;hot line&quot; and requested a bell hop to meet us in the room to help us with luggage for check out, we waited for a fairly lengthy time, and after retrieving our car, checked at the bell hop stand and the bell hop stand had not received the request, so we had to wait for a longer period of time, making us late leaving for an appointment. The staff members were courteous and apologized for the delay.The Intercontinental is a good choice for a business or pleasure stay in Chicago. Our experience with the hotel and staff overall has been very good.	
Oct 1 2008 	Fantastic Homely Base to Explore Chicago	The Intercontinental Hotel, North Michigan Avenue, Chicago is such a fantastic hotel to use as a base to explore the vibrant city of Chicago! This is now my forth stay and no matter what the time of year is, I have always been greeted with a friendly smile (from the doorman to reception, chambermaids to bar/waiting staff) The Staff here are second to none.Bedrooms are excellent with just the right amount of luxury and to say my room overlooked North Michigan Avenue, there was very little traffic noise.And well what can I say about the Breakfast - it's to die for! Whether I had the fantastic buffet selection or the freshly made waffles. It was heaven ! !Having business customers with me it is reasurring to know that both their needs and mine are being catered for. Additionally the Concierge was a great help assisting me with restaurant reservations and tourist information. Including a more unusual request for the local fire department. (As one of my customers had been in the UK fire service and had a dream to sit in a Chicago fire truck) - what a great experience!All in all, I can't praise this hotel more highly, a real gem.	
Oct 1 2008 	Well-meaning but laughably poor service in this Intercontinental in name only	I'm currently staying in the Intercontinental Chicago and, having stayed at the Intercontinental Kowloon twice, and the Grand Intercontinental Seoul once this year, it is puzzling to me that this is part of the same chain. The Kowloon and Grand are spectacular with outstanding service (the Kowloon has what is probably the best view of any hotel in Hong Kong - even better than the Peninsula, another fantastic hotel in Kowloon). The Chicago Intercontinental is mediocre at best, with some well-meaning but laughably poor service and a management team that is in deep denial regarding what is required to be a true first-class hotel (or even a middle tier business class hotel).It started at check in: I always request a quiet, king, non-smoking room. They gave me a room with two twin beds facing Michigan Avenue. Okay, fine - sometimes that's how it works out. But I don't expect any Intercontinental to have paper-thin walls allowing me to hear normal conversations in adjoining rooms, as one has here in Chicago.Then I called to have some clothes pressed for my meetings the next day. Three calls later they had yet to pick up my clothes, and kept telling me that I needed to fill out the laundry request form, refusing to hear that there was no such form, nor the normal laundry bags, in the closet. I finally had to leave the clothes on the bed in order to make it to the restaurant on time. I discovered on my return that the clothes had been picked up, but instead of simply being pressed, as I had requested, they had sent them out to be dry cleaned. Perhaps they are looking for additional revenue? (more on that below) We'll see if I get them back in time for my meetings in the morning - but my confidence is not high.Then comes the business center. They have one, but it doesn't have a copier, the printers don't work, and there is no one available to help fix them. The best they can do is suggest you try printing from all the PC's in the business center, where one is charged a minimum fee just to log in and discover that one is unable to print from any of them. As a result, they get to charge you to log in to all their computers, but then go back to the front desk where they charge you again for the privilege of making black and white copies of the deck you needed in color. Must be a great marginal money-maker for them, along the same lines as the airlines charging $10 for those disgusting appetite suppressants they call food in what has become nothing short of peasant class.Oh yes, and now it is close to midnight, and, despite trying to get 15 simple decks printed at 9:30 PM, I still don't have them.Finally, my patience at an end, I provide some feedback to the hotel management and get whiney excuse after excuse about why none of these things are their responsibility, in a tone that suggests they are doing me a favor by providing any service at all. A true first-class hotel will at least step up and own the facts, but not the Intercontinental Chicago - they are just hapless victims of a cruel landscape over which they have no control whatsoever.Avoid this hotel if you can - Chicago is packed with other hotels that charge the same rate for fantastic rooms.	
Sep 25 2008 	Loved the InterContinental Chicago	We stayed here for 4 nights and could not have been more pleased. The location is great (walking distance to Navy Pier, Millenium Park, Art Institute of Chicago, jazz clubs, restaurants...), and the hotel is close to public transportation. Staff was friendly and helpful. Shopping along the Magnificent Mile is right at your doorstep. The room was just what you would expect from a fine hotel. Sometimes the information from the concierge was less than 100% accurate, but they tried hard to be helpful and were very pleasant. The hotel let us check in 3 hours early with no charge and kept our luggage for us for many hours after we checked out, also at no charge and with no hassle. Starbucks in the lobby was also a plus.	
Sep 25 2008 	LOved the pool and the professional reception	I have been enthusiastic about my recent stay at the Intercontinental Chicago, convenientely located on the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;. I have really appreciated the warm and professional reception, with the staff always ready to assist you. Try the &quot;old style&quot; swimming pool next to the convenient gym facilities. And, after dinner, don't forget to drop by the new &quot;Wine and cheese bar&quot; , a pleasant and tasty experience in beautiful surroundings.	
Sep 23 2008 	Not bad for an old girl.	Not the cheapest hotel in Chicago I was expecting something grand, and found it, almost. Whilst all the service was there there were a few cracks in the paintwork which made me think that the old lady could use just a little more loving care.Overall the fabric and ambience were great and the amenities were very good but I resented paying for internet access when I was paying big buck for what was, at the end of the day, quite a small room. Ah yes, that room, it realy was quite pokey and the bathroom looked well used. The comfort factor was there though.Hotel services were fantastic, room service was excellent in both prices and the very quick time it took them to produce anything day or night.The restaurants were superb.Loaction is ideal but I didnt like having a Starbucks almost right in the lobby.Overall, if you are staying in Chicago and dont mind spending a few bucks this is the place.	
Sep 22 2008	A bunch of theives	Recently the company I work for held a HUGE event at this hotel and I went. I made the mistake of letting the valet park my car and they STOLE money out of my vehicle. I discovered this fact as I pulled out of the garage. I called Yosef the garage manager of STANDARD PARKING who assured me he would investigate and he or his boss would call me in the am. NO ONE called. I called back the next day only to find that they were screening their calls and no longer accepting mine, I have called several times since and still NO ONE will talk to me. I have talked to the front desk manager who informed me that the valet &quot;is not a part of the hotel&quot; and though they would investigate they had no authority to punish the thief/thieves. I have since notified my company only to find out that I WAS NOT THE ONLY VICTIM. SO TRAVELERS/TOURIST BE WARE!	
Sep 11 2008 	Wonderful Stay!!!	The hotel was gorgeous and VERY accomodating. Check in was not until three so we tried to drop our bags off at the hotel because we had an early flight into Chicago. The staff was extremely friendly... they let us check in at 9:30 in the morning and upgrade our room. The room was comfortable, clean, and had a great view of the surrounding area. They did charge $12 a day for the fitness center (which I thought was outrageous). Good thing we did a lot of walking. I would highly reccomend this hotel!	
Sep 6 2008 	Esther Williams Pool	My sisters and I spend two nights over a weekend in August. We stayed in the historical tower. We swam in the beautiful pool where once Esther Williams swam. Our room was clean and the view fabulous. We could see the Chicago river and were close to shopping etc. This is the 5th time we have stayed there in the last 8 years. We wouldn't think of staying at another place.However, we did miss the cozy lounge where there was jazz playing in the evening. And during the afternoon after shopping we would sit and have a snack and drinks and watch the shoppers go by. We used to entertain visitors there. But all in all it was 5 stars for us.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Location Pretty 	I stayed here last year when accompanying Hubby on a trip he needed to make for work. I was on my own during the day while he attended a conference. Neither of us had been to Chicago before. We stayed four days.The InterContinental is in the perfect location. It's next to the beautiful Chicago Tribune tower, with all those fascinating little rocks embedded in its outside wall. A short walk down the street and you're at the Michigan Avenue Bridge, which you can stroll over to explore what lies across the river. Head in a different direction and you can walk to Navy Pier. Another direction, the historic Water Tower and other sightseeing. Of course, being right on the Mag Mile, shopping is close at hand -- with Nordstrom's directly across the street! I had gotten blisters from my sandals on my first day walking all over town and needed to buy more forgiving shoes for the rest of the trip, so having a mall so close was very convenient for me. Our room was small but very cozy. We didn't have much of a view, but that didn't really matter to me, as I spent most of my days out and about. The furnishings were rich and sumptuous, the bed extremely comfy and clean. A small sofa was situated against the window, and we had a fridge to use. We didn't get to use the pool in the hotel, but we checked it out and it's very nice. The hotel staff was very helpful whenever I stopped for recommendations or directions.We both became enamored with the city and will be back again, to explore some more -- four days is not enough! We'll probably see if we can get a room at the InterContinental again. In fact, Hubby did go back to Chicago alone on a subsequent trip and stayed at the InterContinental a second time and he liked it. When we stayed here together, we were both very happy with our room, the service, cleanliness, and location.	
Aug 26 2008 	Not the most orderly hotel....	I stayed at this hotel for a business trip last week. I was originally given an adjoining room (which I thought was odd since I was travelling alone), but had no problem with changing the room once I went down to the front desk to request one. The room was fairly nice upon initial inspection. However, that afternoon I was unhappy to find that the shower had slow drainage (gross). Also, my bed linens were not changed during my (2 night )stay - I thought that was bad hosiptality to say the least. Finally, my hotel receipt had the wrong name on it (as well as charges) and I had to get that corrected upon checkout. Not sure how that happened. The reservations agent wasn't too friendly when I brought it to his attention. Overall, I will probably not stay here again if I have to go back to Chicago and I would probably not recommend it.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Intercontinental Hotel in the heart of Chicago	My first contact with the Intercontinental was a shock: USD 50 per day of parking! Must be the fact the hotel is located on Michigan Avenue. I then checked in and got my usual upgrade (I am Intercontinental Ambassador for more than 10 years). They gave me the suite No 4000. To get there, a first lift took me to the 38th floor, then another small one to the 40th. It opens directly on the room's door as it is located in the penthouse. As a result, I had a 360 degrees view. Quite a treat! I then decided to have a swim in the 80 years old pool, where Johnny Weissmuller was preparing his Olympic Gold medals races. Then there is an historical tour within the hotel to be sure not to miss anything spectacular. And of course a Intercontinental level of services at all stages and a fully fledged rooms with the delicate amenities one can expect from a *****. In short, a great ***** hotel, extremely well located, carrying a lot of history where to stay for business or for pleasure. P.S.: Make sure you book a room in the historical building!	
Aug 19 2008 	In the Heart of Chicago	Loved it! What a classic look. Beautiful rooms and gorgeous pool..Even if you're not planning on swimming, must take a look at it! Excellent location on Miracle Mile,,Walking distance to everything! Free Trolley right there. Very easy to get there from airports..If not using car service..Take the train to the bus and go 3 stops and it drops you off right in front of the hotel. Starbucks &amp; wine, Chocolate &amp; cheese lounge right in hotel. The building itself is historical.	
Aug 19 2008 	A very comfortable and elegant hotel. Great location.	Our room was large and very well furnished. The location was very convenient for shopping, family and visiting attractions. Many fine resturants nearby. The staff was efficient and polite,I would definitely return.	
Aug 18 2008 	Not great... not even good	Our room was dirty upon check in. Covered in dust, the trash had not been taken out, there were price tags and old papers on the tables andned, and were told that someone would be right up. Someone did come... eventually. But not after a decent amount of time during which we just sat around waiting. Even after the SECOND round of cleaning, the room was still unbelievably dusty. floor, dirty towels and robes in the bathroom, and used soap/shampoo in the shower. We called and asked to have the room cleaThe decor was cheesy at best, it wasn't quiet, and the hotel charged for everything they possibly could... don't expect to use the pool or WiFi without paying an exorbitant price for it. There were none of the extras that you would expect from a so-called &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. Staff did not go out of their way to provide good customer service.Bottom line... not that nice, too expensive for what you get, and not even clean! They also charged our credit card an extra $300 that they can't explain and seem disinterested in rectifying. I would not stay here again!	
Aug 12 2008	Magnificent Times at the Hotel Intercontinental!!	My best friend and I have stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel in Chicago for years to celebrate our Annual Girls' Weekend. This hotel has it all! The staff is wonderful, a great bar, coffee in the morning, fabulous in-room robes - all located on The Fabulous Miracle Mile! There is nowhere else in Chicago I would rather stay.	
Aug 8 2008 	Enjoyable experience	Stayed here for two days while attending Lollopalooza music festival.One of the best locations in Chicago, on Michigan Ave near the Tribune and Sun-Times buildings. An easy walk or bus ride to many attractions. The King sized room was very nice, not large, but with a generous bathroom. Service was excellent throughout. Check out the awesome swimming pool, straight out of twenties.	
Aug 7 2008 	Will Stay Here Again When I Return To Chicago!	Arrived earlier than check-in, and was able to get my room right away. That was a plus! Room was nicely appointed and had plenty of room, including a nice loveseat near the windows. Nice Flat screen TV worked great. Bathroom was large and very nice soaps etc. Also, Coffee maker in the bathroom was nice for an early morning cup of coffee. The location was ideal for going up Michigan Avenue to all the stores!	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved the Intercontinental	We highly recommend the Intercontinental Hotel on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. We have stayed there twice and were very, very happy with the accomodations and the service.They were both above our expectations. Last year when we stayed there we needed to get to a hospital in the middle of the night and the service, and care from the hotel staff was wonderful as well as their follow-up concern . The rooms are beautiful, well equipped, and clean and the hotel is in a great location easily accessible to everything. Can't wait to go back !!!! We love Chicago!!	
Aug 6 2008 	Mixed experience	We happened to stay twice at the hotel within two weeks, first for 4 days in a suite and at the end of our holidays trip another day in a standard room, before we went home. The first stay was excellent: beautiful room, good service and we enjoyed a few great breakfasts, especially notable was the friendly mexican cook who baked us excellent omelettes and even brought his own, home-made sauce. We also really enjoyed Eno, a wine / cheese / chocolate lounge inside the hotel. The second stay was so so: our standard room was - of course- much smaller, but also quite noisy and there was no way to reach the lobby level by stairs (although we had asked for that). The restaurant was completely empty and the uninterested waitress / receptionist did no attempt whatsoever to get us on-board (maybe she wanted to go home early that evening, guess she succeeded, we went to Copperblue, just around the corner). The next afternoon, we found the bar staff equally uninterested, one of the waiters even downright blunt. On the other hand, all of the bell waiters we met were helpful and fun and the hotel lobby - and the entire building for that matter - has a great atmosphere. And you can't beat the location, right on Michigan Avenue.	
Aug 5 2008	For the Price Should be Better	The Chicago Intercon is a pretty hotel in a great location, but the rooms are tiny and the bathrooms are like something you would expect in a budget hotel. The front desk did allow us to check in early (just before noon), but they sent us to an incorrect room which required us to carry all our belongings to a new room and go back down for new keys. The TV didn't work, which required a disruptive call by a maintenance man. The valet parking charge was ridiculous -- $50 overnight. I was also upset to have to pay for internet access: it's 2008 folks, why are business hotels still treating internet access as if it's some exceptional service that their customers should have to pay extra for? Internet service should be assumed to be included in every hotel, just like hot water. At least the staff were fairly friendly, which was a bright spot. The Concierge was very helpful, taking a good deal of her time to steer us to a couple of excellent restaurants.	
Aug 3 2008 	Disappointing would not recommend	We were very disappointed with our stay at the Intercontinental in Chicago. It did not live up to the reputation set by other Intercontinentals we had stayed in before (including one in the third world). When we arrived, our first set of room keys did not work. After returning to reception and getting a second set of keys, we were yet again unable to get into our room. We were told to wait outside our room and that security would let us in. So, at a four-star hotel we ended up sitting on the floor waiting (with all our luggage, because the bell hop was faster than security). After security let us in, we had to wait again for a mechanic to check our door lock (which was fine) and then fetch us a third set of working keys.Our room itself was mysteriously damp, with peeling wallpaper throughout.At 4 AM, our mini-bar fridge made a screeching noise that wouldn't stop and could be heard through closed doors. We called reception and had to wait for a mechanic to show up and fix the problem.The only compensation the Intercontinental management was willing to offer was free breakfast, which we could not take advantage of due to a long road trip ahead of us.We would not suggest the Intercontinental in Chicago for those truly expecting a four-star experience.	
Jul 30 2008 	Outstanding in Chicago	We stayed at the Intercontinental in Chicago for a long weekend get away. It couldn't have been better! The location is perfect, the rooms are very nice and the service outstanding. The rooms are very clean and the beds are like sleeping on a cloud. The front desk took care of all of our needs including moving us to another room for a better view, with no hassles. We went to lunch and they moved everything to another room with an incredible view. The lounge is a great place to end the night out, nice atmosphere and great snacks. Everyone in the hotel aims to please, this was our second stay at the Intercontinental and we will definetly be back!	
Jul 22 2008 	Wonderful Service 	We arrived early and when we checked in, we were offered a room and also informed that we could be upgraded due to our Priority Club Membership. The cleanliness and the knowledge of the hotel's staff was far above expectations. The bar was a bit disappointing in that the drinks were poorly made with ice that overflowed onto the cocktail table when served. There were several bartenders behind the bar and we eventually had to walk up to the bar and order our own drinks. Other than that experience--we were delighted with our stay and hope to return soon.Karla Riesinger	
Jul 22 2008 	Excellent Choice	Recently stayed at the Intercontinental for a weekend birthday get-away. We stayed in the Historic Tower (31st floor, far east side) with an unbelievable view of the Chicago river and Lake Michigan/Navy Pier. Room was very clean and quiet. The front desk was extremely helpful in providing local maps, calling restaurants for reservations, and answering all questions. The treatment we received - by any and all staff, front desk, fitness center attendant, etc was very much appreciated.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great Hotel with a Great Location	If you want to stay in a hotel with an entrance on the Magnificent Mile, I would recommend this hotel. My husband and I booked our room on hotwire.com and got a wonderful rate over the 4th of July holiday. We had probably the smallest room in the hotel, but it was clean and extremely quiet. The bathroom was a nice size that easily allowed two people to get ready at one time. The room had a large flat-screen television, a desk large enough to do work, and a decent sized closet. I was impressed with the bed -- soft, but not too soft. The staff was pleasant and not too in-your-face. If you are high-maintenance and want the staff to constantly greet you and ask you if you need anything, this might not be the place for you. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago, especially if you want a location in the middle of it all. It is an easy walk to great shopping, the Hancock Tower, and many restaurants.	
Jul 17 2008 	good location	Well located hotel (on the Magnificent Mile). Nice building -- at least the old part, which was built in 1929 as the luxury 'Medinah Athletic Club'. The hotel also has a 'new' wing (built in the early 1960s), which is much less of an architectural highlight. My room was in the new wing -- there seems to be a premium to stay in the old wing and I had booked one of the cheapest rooms in the hotel. Nevertheless, my room was quite spacious, well-equipped and reasonably stylish. The room was at the back of the building on the 16th floor and I had a bit of a view onto Lake Michigan. I enjoyed the use of the 'junior olympic swimming pool' (free for residents) on the 14th floor of the old wing -- I almost had it to myself on the two occasions that I went there.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Location Nice Rooms No Complaints	Nice location, right on the Magnificent Mile in the midst of all the stores and action. Walking distance to the Navy Pier (about 15 minute walk). Down the street from Millenium Park and the Art Institude. Right outside the door is the trolley and bus stops to get anywhere you desire. Couple blocks from Grant Park and river cruises. Lots of restaurants and shops all around. The room was very clean, beds were comfortable, great view from our room. Service was great, fast check in and easy checkout. They charge for a late checkout, but will also hold your bags if needed at no cost. I would stay again without any hesitation. We loved our stay and I recommend to all my friends and family. You won't be disappointed with the location.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great place to celebrate	In celebration of my granddaughter's 6th birthday, we enjoyed a special weekend in Chicago. Having never stayed at the InterContinental, we were initially concerned that this hotel would offer what we were hoping for to enrich our time together and our celebration. There were certainly no disappointments. The hotel is beautiful, rooms are clean, hotel personnel are professional and willing to assist, and the location is perfect for the Magnificent Mile and Michigan Avenue!	
Jul 15 2008 	Functional dependable 4-star but not much more	This is a hotel that, for the most part, provides the standard 4-star experience. Rooms, in the more modern tower where I stayed, are presentable and dependable, but unremarkable in most respects. There's little sense of luxury about the place, although that might not be the case for rooms in the historic tower. Some might find them a little on the small side, but that's the price you pay for such a central location, right on North Michigan Avenue.The one major downside, as other reviewers have commented, is the absurd range of additional charges the hotel levies. While these kinds of add-on are not uncommon in other hotels, it's irritating to be charged $12.95 per day for internet access (which really should be free nowadays) or $12 for the gym (a pretty dowdy affair), led alone the predictably ludicrous array of charges for the in-room extras ($5.95 for a bottle of water).All of that said, there's no reason to avoid this hotel, if you can secure it at a decent rate. Equally, though, there's certainly no reason to pay top-dollar to stay here.	
Jul 14 2008 	location and luxury	If you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location, the Intercontinental is it--right on the Magnificent Mile, next to the Chicago River, across from the Wrigley Building. My daughter and I stayed here for a getaway, and quickly were able to get to Milennium Park, shopping, Navy Pier, great dining, exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and Chicago River. Check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay. Maria, one of the concierges, was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat. The room was lovely and comfortable, although our tub didn't drain well. Just a wonderful stay!	
Jul 13 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	We had a superb suite in the Historic Tower, it was extremely spacious and comfortable. The staff, from the trainee check in clerk onwards, were very helpful. The buffet breakfast was extensive and of good quality and was easily the best we had on this visit to the U.S.. The location at the south end of the Magnificent Mile was convenient for most attractions. Reading some of the other reviews I almost wonder if I stayed in the same hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	Friendly Staff	The Intercontinental Hotel is centrally located in dwontown Chicago. It was walking distance to Navy Pier, Grant Park, Rush Street, and of course is located right on Michigan Avenue. The staff was extremely friendly and the rooms were clean. The valet parking was also very convienvent. For our next trip to Chicago we plan on staying at the Intercontinental.	
Jul 9 2008	Nice Hotel Close to Mag Mile and Theater District	It is an older but very nice hotel within easy walking distance of the Mag Mile and the Theater District. We were pleasantly surprised by the extra bathroom in our suite, and the excellent house keeping services. The concierge also recommended a charming Italian restaurant nearby called Volare.	
Jul 9 2008 	Pick another hotel	Of the many hotels I have paid a reasonable amount of money to stay in, this is the worst. For this price range they nickle and dime you for everything (workout room, internet, etc.). Other hotels in the area include much more than this hotel that is very much in need of renovation and new management.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good hotel for the right price...	I booked this hotel for an absoulute steal through hotels.com. The hotel is in a great location you can walk to the lakefront, water tower and el stop. The rooms are slightly bigger than average and well appointed. The real dissapointment at the InterContinental is the service. At check in I was told that the fee for incedentals was $100.00 per night, not the $75.00 I was told when I booked the hotel. The Front desk clerk did not apologize for confusion, she simply carried in the transaction, I was not offered the upgrade to the historic tower, nor the bundles of services (telephone, internet, fitness center).The parking service was even worse, there was never a valet after about 11:00 pm I had to walk my keys into the reception desk. For $49.00 a day I wanted there to physically be a valet waiting for me!Housekeeping was efficent but forgetful, as part of the &quot;greening&quot; of this hotel you are given the option of reusing linens/towels during your stay. As someone who tries to be &quot;green&quot; when she can I noftifed my housekeeper that I would keep the same linens/ towels for my 3 night stay. Even so each day she would replace the linens/towels. When I returned home from my stay I noticed a $300.00 charge to my credit card, beacuse I had used no other hotel services other than valet I called to question. After 6 attempts (the accounts receiveable clerk was on vacation, transfered to dead end extentions and being placed on hold to die) I was finally able to speak to the manager on duty, who told be that there was no charge on my account (even though I was looking at the statement) and it was a problem with my bank. After being placed on hold, I was told that I had in fact been charged twice for the room and the charge would be reversed. With no real apology the phone call was ended.The InterContinental is a good hotel if you get it on fire sale, if I was paying the peak season rates of well over $200.00 a night I would have been greatly disappointed. This hotel is a 3 star with 2 star service.	
Jul 8 2008	Fun way to start or end an evening	Comfortable place to relax with a glass of wine and some truffles. Place features cheese flights (&quot;sensations&quot;), wine flights and truffle flights. There are also wines by the glass and bottle. I would suggest going early evening or late night when not too crowded. Flights come with explanatory cards of what you are eating or drinking. Service was ok. Most people in the place were dressed up, likely coming from another event. We were in more casual dress (pants and shirts). The waiter treated those folks more warmly than us but we didn't mind since we were having a new experience learning about our truffles and wine. Would go again and try the cheese. It is pricy though--$11 for 3 truffles. Next time I would likely just stick with one glass of wine v. a flight.	
Jul 8 2008 	Nice Hotel but a few of the things are a bit pricey	My boyfriend took me to Chicago for a 3 night stay over the 4th of July. The check in was quick but they said he had booked a smoking room with double beds. We had actually booked a non smoking deluxe king room. We had to pay extra to upgrade. Our room was nice and had a nice view. The bathroom was cute and the toiletries were decent. The first day we didn't have housekeeping come in but the 2nd day we did. They forgot to leave washcloths. The robes and slippers were a cute touch. As for the refrigerator in the room...we didn't open it at all. The prices for the snacks and water were pretty outrageous. I even took pictures. $5.95 for a bottle of water!! All in all it was a decent hotel and the stay was nice and convenient to all we wanted to do. The breakfast buffet is very pricey but the food was good.	
Jul 5 2008 	Best of Chicago Hotels-Intercontinental	This has been one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. I travel at least 40-50 days a year so this is my highest compliment. The hotel is lovely, we were in one of the historic rooms, furnishings and room size were wonderful. Bedding lush, room super clean and well designed. The pool is magnificent, see it, if even if you don't swim. The location is wonderful for sightseeing, local transportation easy. The concierge super friendly and helpful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 2 2008 	We had some issues.	Our stay at the Intercontinental did not start off well. Upon arrival at 4pm, we were told that our two rooms were not ready and that they would call my cell phone when it was finished. I received a call within 20 minutes stating that one of my rooms was done. For my inconvience, they did upgrade me to a nicer room (junior suite). The luggage did not arrive at the room and I had to call three times to get the luggage to the room. This took over three hours. When the luggage arrived, I was told that they had been to the other room to deliver the luggage but no one was there. Well we would have been there if we would have had the room but it was not cleaned. After all this mess, our first day was pretty much finished. Our room was nice with a great view of the lake. No complaints with the room. It was clean and met our needs. Had to ask for more towels daily as they would only bring 3 towels for a family of four. Parking is very expensive. $49/per night and is not included in the room stay. Take this in consideration when booking. Parking everywhere else that we saw was around $20-30/per night. The hotel is centrally located. Enjoyed the taste of Chicago along with shopping, navy pier and museums/ sears tower. Recommend getting a CTA bus pass to take you around the city. Can get a 7 day pass at the Dominiks grocery store in Chicago for $20 and can ride as much as you like.	
Jul 1 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights during a business trip and would definitely recommend this hotel. The service from the moment we arrived was excellent. Our room wasn't ready upon our arrival and the front desk took my cell number and called me to let me know when I could come back and check in. We had no problem checking our bags with the bell captain while we went shopping. As we were leaving the hotel it started to rain, and the concierge loaned us an umbrella.Our room only had a partial view of the river, but that didn't really bother us as we were hardly in the room. The robe and the slippers were a nice touch as were the upscale shampoo and soaps. It was also nice to be able to print out our boarding passes at no charge in the lobby.Room service was a bit pricey for breakfast ($42.00 for granola, milk, coffee, fruit, and juice) for one personThe hotel is in a great location directly across from Nordstrom's in the heart of the Magnificent Mile.We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great location on the miracle mile and a nice older hotel	Booked this hotel for an absolute steal on hotwire and then upgraded for $75 a night to a top floor lake-view suite. Great hotel in terms of location and service. Extremely convenient and comfortable hotel. Loved the bathrooms and the fixtures. Its only draw back it is a really physically old hotel. Book it on hotwire (using one of those websites that decode what hotel is what) and then enjoy the luxurious accomodations for what it would cost to stay at a holiday inn.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Hotel on Michigan Avenus	We got a great rate on this hotel which made it all the more worth it. Our room was very large with a view. The Staff was friendly and very helpful as far as holding our bags while we went shopping, helping us find a place to eat, etc.. The hotel's lobby is beautiful and they even have an airport check in for free so that I was able to print our boarding pass before we left. The pool is grand! I would highly recommend taking a swim while you are there. You will not regret it. We will be staying here again without a doubt.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Hotel for Business Travelers	A great hotel for the business traveler. They offer a wide variety of amenities. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is planning on visiting Chicago.	
Jun 18 2008 	Nice Hotel - Service Lacking	My wife and I stayed at the InterContinental for six nights. When we arrived we were offered an upgrade to the historic tower with a great view for an additional $50 a night. My first thought was, didn't I pay for the historic tower when I booked with Orbitz? The Front Desk couldn't tell us what we paid for. Oh well... Sure, give us the upgrade since we're here for a week.The room was on the 32nd floor overlooking the Tribune tower and the river. The view was fantastic and the room spacious. There was a couch, chair, very large desk, espresso machine (that didn't work the first few days), nice bed and decent bathroom. Until you try and flush the toilet. You have to hold the handle down for several seconds and then flush again. When pointed out, engineering was sent, but nothing really changed. Why not a euro toilet with extra flush for that extra flush moment? (Note: You get a courtesy VM on your hotel phone asking if everything is okay after a call is made).Day 3 - No toilet paper after maid cleaned room. The stem was bare. Checked the main closet outside of the bathroom (this is where they keep your extra roll) - no toilet paper. Called the help desk and two rolls delivered. Courtesy VM left minutes afterward. Day 4 - Sink clogged. Call engineering. Sink fixed along with courtesy VM.Day 5 - Sink clogged again. I just pulled out the plug and it resolved the issue.Almost daily issue - The room we had on the 32nd floor was near to a conference room that serves both morning and evening events. What this means is that there is banging of tables and chairs (or something) in the hallway outside of the room starting at 6 am for set-up and sometimes until midnight for take down. We didn't complain about this, but keep note of this if you're tempted to stay on this floor for any reason.Another cleaning mistake: A hair from a previous guest was on the shower wall our whole visit.The lobby bar was very nice and the bartender was very personable. We didn't dine at the restaurant or the wine/chocolate/cheese bar.Workout rooms (although we didn't use) look very nice with an assortment of equipment, nice locker room, sauna and towels. The pool area is really cool, like you're stepping back in time about 50 years (with lighting a bit dim). Beware though - it is not a play/wade/splash around pool. It's a lap pool, so bring your goggles.I wasn't impressed with the Concierge desk as others have noted. Short, quick, stern answers after waiting in line.We won't stay again. I really appreciated the view that we had and the room itself was very nice for an extended stay. I just expected a lot more pampering at these prices and a lot less mistakes (and noise).	
Jun 16 2008	Not a 4 star hotel	Having stayed at some of the best hotels in Manhattan, when we visited for Chicago for our nephew's graduation, we had high expectations for this hotel. The rooms were nothing exceptional. They were not well-kept and showing a great deal of wear and tear. If you tried to reach the concierage for a question (because you can't dial housekeeping or maintence directly) you couldn't get through - rang off the hook. Only three small drawers in the room for clothes (if you removed the phone book and bible from the 3rd drawer) . TV was new digital but only had analog signals (ie., fuzzy). Elevators had lould knocking noises or shook on way down. Breakfast was OK, not exceptional. When it was busy on Sunday - very slow service and 1/2 the bins were empty on the brunch buffet. Overall the stafff was friendly and accomodating - although it took 30 minutes to get a bucket of ice delivered ( only ice machines are on the 7th floor of the hotel).Would try another hotel 1st (Ritz Carlton or Hyatt?)	
Jun 16 2008 	Intercontinental Chicago is the BEST!	We have stayed at hotels in many parts of the world and our very favorite is the Hotel Intercontinental on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. The hotel staff is top-notch. They are very well informed, courteous, extremely polite and friendly. The Concierge group is outstanding and have never steered us in a wrong direction. Our room is always clean and we never have to ask for anything. Every time we go back to Chicago the Intercontinental employees make us feel it's our home away from home. We would reccomend this hotel to anyone (and often do).	
Jun 16 2008 	I absolutely loved the property and the service!	I held a one-day medical education conference at the property and the service that Santos, Banquet Captain, and other provided was excellent. The room was very beautifully decorated and room service was also outstanding. I will definitely return to this property! Also, the service rendered by the sales staff, Andrew Rottman and company was also very good.	
Jun 12 2008 	A sudden change...but well worth it	I stayed at this hotel by accident . I was supposed to stay at a major chain across the river but am glad that this one worked out. The hotel is basically 2 places, the original which was a men's gym quite some time ago and the new residence which had all the amenities of a new place. Opt for the historical location.Some things to consider:They have &quot;packages&quot; that allow you to bundle breakfast, Internet connection, gym access. I purchased this and saved about 50% if I would have paid for each individually. The breakfast is fantastic, not up to a Ritz, but far better than most.The service at the hotel was very very good and the room was very comfortable. The location was great . I really liked this place and would definitely stay here again	
Jun 12 2008 	Had a good stay	Stayed for one night during my stay at Chicago. Booked it at Hotwire and gotten a good offer considering the location of the hotel. I am surprised that the hotel is ranked 40+, considering that the room was pretty good and the bed was comfortable. It is along the magnificent mile and is accessible to different places. The hotel had a rich history, do check out the indoor swimming pool, reminds me of the old pool in the 60s.Do consider this hotel if you plan to visit Chicago.	
Jun 9 2008 	Excellent Location - Nice Property	From the start this was a good stay. The front desk staff were pleasant and very accommodating with my early check-in. The room was decent and well distributed. Overall, this was nothing less than I would expect at an Intercontinental property. The location was awesome with everything a few steps away, literally. I would stay here again.	
Jun 4 2008 	We were pleased	Check-in went smoothly but since we arrived so late (11 pm) there were no non-smoking rooms available with king size beds as we had requested so we took a non-smoking room with 2 doubles. A full size bed just isn't comfortable for the two of us so we each took a bed, not a big deal but I wish we would've arrived earlier to claim a king. We stayed in the new building on the 20th floor. We inquired at check-in about getting a room with a mini-fridge and the front desk clerk told us to request a fridge from housekeeping. They delivered one to our room the next day and it was free of charge. This saved us from having to go out to eat breakfast every morning since there is no complimentary breakfast at the Intercontinental. We bought cereal and milk and a few other items at the Dominicks around the corner. We were very satisfied with our stay at this hotel, all the employees were very helpful and nice. Just be aware that there aren't many free extras here. Food is expensive, both in their restaurant and by room service, and the goodie basket/mini-bar is of course overpriced. Wireless internet costs over $10 a day, so we left our laptops behind. Use of the fitness center/pool is also expensive so we didn't indulge. We paid $120 per night by booking through Priceline.com, we probably could have gotten an even cheaper rate if we'd waited longer to book but I was worried about getting a good hotel since we vacationed over Memorial Day weekend so I booked early. Our room was clean and comfortable and the staff was friendly and helpful. Location can't be beat, we would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 3 2008 	Surprise at the InterContinental	I was on a government trip and this hotel was one of the few good ones with the government rate. Upon check-in I was surprised to be given a special room on the 41st floor which had a elevator entrance, two bathrooms, loads of room, and great views. The hotel staff were outstanding and very friendly and hhelpful. The food was great. My only regret was that I hadn't brought someone to share it with.	
May 30 2008 	Great Location Interesting History Lackluster Service	Stayed here for 4 nights over the Memorial Day weekend. Only chose this hotel due to the fact that my family was attending a professional organization's yearly meeting held at this location. I was a bit concerned about staying here due to the many negative comments left by previous visitors. I have to say that overall it was not as bad as I had anticipated it would be. The location is great. The loby is very small and gets very crowded and noisy. I was able to check in early and get a decent room in the Historic tower--pay the extra money as it is definitely worth the view. All of the rooms are very small but comfortably decorated. The bed was pretty hard and the maid service was very spotty (despite tips and notes being left for them). I learned that the hotel has quite a history and that an audio tour is available. The meeting rooms on the 2nd-4th floors were quite a surprise--I won't spoil it for you--you MUST check out these unusual and beautiful spaces. The fittness area was quite nice, as is the pool. You must check out the pool--Ron Howard's film Cacoon &quot;pod pool&quot; sceen was filmed here. The meetings that I attended here were well done. The food and service were above average for such a busy and large hotel. There were many weddings, receptions, and meetings going on at the same time and the staff handeled them very well.This is definitely not a &quot;4-Star&quot; hotel, so don't expect it to be. There was no service whatsoever. The concierge was a joke, as were all the restaurants in the hotel. In short, the location and history are great. The meeting facilities were good. The room was small, clean, and comfortable. Service bad. Check-in OK. You must go eat at MK restaurant and Frontera Grill--both phenomenal and worth the price of the trip. The Sofitel and Peninsula are the primo choice for this city.	
May 29 2008 	All of the good none of the bad!!	Had made reservations at another downtown hotel, based on price, but still read every Intercontinental review, wishing and hoping we could stay there. Shortly before the trip, I found an ad on Travelzoo for the IC for a price less expensive than we were paying for a hotel two blocks off Michigan, and booked it immediately.Got in after an early flight, and the doorman met our taxi. He gave us receipts for the bags, and told us they would bring them to our room when the room was ready, so we were pleasantly surprised when we were told they had a room on the 25th floor ready for us then. We were checked in, and on our way to the room before 11am! AND, our bags beat us to the room! No upsell attempts, no glares because we had booked through a third party website, just a pleasant, quick, and courteous process.The room was small, sure, but no surprise there. It was, however, clean, comfortable, and very well laid out. Not much drawer space, and a beautiful flat screen TV that we put on for a total of 5 minutes to check the weather report. The view was facing the other tower, so nothing great there, but, I wasn't there to sit and look out the window.The room was quiet, even though it backed up to the elevators (didn't hear them, even once). The room was made up perfectly by the housekeeping staff...everything immaculate, everything fully stocked. Beds were extremely comfortable.The location is the prime #1 reason to stay there. Walking distance to everything, and overall, I have to say, this was the best hotel stay I have had in a long time. Highly recommend the Corner Bakery (they are everywhere) and, before you go here, do your homework, read the reviews, and go in with an open mind. You will be glad you did.	
May 27 2008 	Historic spendy and great location...	Well here we are on the last day of our four day stay over Memorial Day weekend and we have had an overall positive experience here. We paid the extra $50 on the advice of the earlier write-up and are glad we did. The view out the window on the 36th floor is spectacular, esp. room 3603. The folks here have been friendly, much like the city itself. There is one notable exception to this friendliness and that resides at the oENOology bar in the hotel. These people act like rejects from a bad fashion show in their snootiness and indeed the males there are just hostile at the outset. Prices in ENO are high, but the cheese and location is good. Try the Hook Cheddar if must patronize the place. It is great. Otherwise, there are many other places to have that preprandial libation.  You cannot beat the location of this hotel for Chicago.  The rooms are small. My parents room was like a shoe box. I understand that in the historic tower, it is a grab bag, but given the nick for the room rates, overall I would go another location down the street (Trump, Peninsula...if your wallet can stand the meltdown of your credit cards). If you do stay here, wander the meeting rooms on floors 3-5. They are amazing (the place was built by the Shriners and is quite historic.) Get a view room to be happy.	
May 20 2008 	How to have a great state at the Intercontinental Chicago	I've stayed at the Intercontental Chicago about 9 times. Most of the items I was booked at the hotel through Priceline, however, I have booked it direct with the hotel on several occassions.Here's how to have a great stay at the Intercontental. BE POLITE TO THE STAFF. They process hundreds of people each day and you'd be surprised how wonderful they are when you walk up with a smile and a hearty hello. I stay at the ICH Chicago a few times a year and I had always paid to upgrade to the historic tower. Always. It's a $50 upgrade, but well worth it, especially if you paid only $100 or so on priceline. When you buy the upgrade, try to get to the hotel right at check-in time and ask to pay for the upgrade. Don't ask for it for free... they never do it. Be very polite and ask for a corner room with a view of the river. However, if you go to chicago more than a twice a year, ask about the Intercontinent Ambassador program. I never join hotel programs, but one of the phone clerks told me it seemed to be a good fit for me. It's $150, but you get the following:1. Automatically get all your rooms upgraded to the historic tower. I used to pay $50 a night for this2. Early check-in. Usually they get me in at noon.3. Fruit, chocolate truffles, and Evian waiting in your room.4. Late check-out 4pm. Automatically. I love this.5. You get a FREE weekend night with the purchase of a FRI or SAT night stay. Let me explain how this worked on my first trip when i used it.I bought the program for $150. I booked Memorial Day weekend in Chicago. The city was booked solid, so my cheap room was $229 at the ICH Chicago. But I get upgraded to a $280 room and I got a second night free. Not to mention all the added perks, I saved $330 on my first trip for the $150 program. Plus I'll use it for upgrades throughout the year. Such a good deal if you visit even once or twice a year.Valet Parking is expensive ($50 per day) but the service is impeccable. Internet is also expensive ($15 per day if i remember right)... I wish it was free or maybe a one-time fee regardless of length of stay. Otherwise it's a great hotel with a great staff. Avoid eating at Zest. It's very disappointing.	
May 13 2008 	Expected so much more	I am sad to report that the Intercontinental Chicago was a waste of money and my priority club points. I expected so much more from a high end property and received so little. As a priority club Platinum (40+ weeks/year in priority club properties) I had some basic expectations such as express check in, friendly staff, a bathroom bigger than 3' X 3', clean rooms. At check in I had the huffy clerk who complained that she had to merge my record because I was using points and paying for my stay. She never looked me in the eye and made no attempt to be friendly. It went downhill from there. I noticed on several posts that some reviewers recommend getting the ambassadors club membership, but I would not pay a dime for that! I have spent over $21,000 on hotel stays this year so far and should not have to pay a single cent more to get some decent treatment and a decent room. Please heed the warnings of your fellow travelers and DO NOT stay here. I am from Chicago and believe me there are better properties where you will get what you pay for.	
May 13 2008	Wonderful Experience at the InterContinental	The hotel is great -- clean, quiet, beautifully decorated, good locaton and excellent, if not superior, service. I am sorry I did not get to see the pool.I would stay there again. In fact, when I travel, I now research InterContinental Hotels first.	
May 11 2008 	Bustling Hotel Great Location!	My husband and I stayed here two days while in town just for fun. We booked through Hotwire and were very pleased with the hotel, especially considering we paid only about $120 USD per night. We arrived at the hotel at about 10:30 in the morning fully expected to have to wait a few hours to check in, but were able to check in promptly. The only problem was that they were going to put us in a room with two double beds. I explained to the man that we supposed to have a king bed, and we would be more than happy to wait. He got a little agitated and told me that I could upgrade, and that if I book online, I am not guaranteed any certain room. I quickly explained that I had called to check my reservation two days prior and a certain girl with reservations had confirmed that I was guaranteed a king bed under my name and that we wouldn't mind waiting until a regular king came available. As soon as I said that, a king &quot;room&quot; popped up and we were in our room in a flash. Other than that, we had no problems with the hotel. Our room was on the 20th floor in the regular tower. It was small as some other reviewers noted, but there was plenty of space for the two of us. I liked the room because it had the feel of a European boutique hotel. The location of this hotel is probably the best hotel for shopping because everything is just right there in front of the IC and you can just head down the mile. We did have one meal (breakfast) at Zest and it was fine. Overpriced like all hotel breakfasts, but it was fine. Nothing spectacular and nothing bad. We had to check about 4 hours before we were scheduled to the airport, so they were able to hold our bags at the bell desk while we shopped some more. This is a great hotel for business and tourists alike.	
May 6 2008 	Good Hotel but....	First the good aspects - the rooms in the old tower are excellent - the swimming pool is fantastic ( and the staff in the gym area are great too). The situation of the hotel is tremendous and Chicago is a fabulous city. But, I wasn't able to check in until 9:30pm as the &quot;room wasn't ready&quot; , the dates that the check in people had were wrong and they took some persuasion that I had booked the room I was told that I would have to move room during my as the floors were being renovated - but that the room I was being moved to would be of the same standard - no problem. I was also asked to have my stuff ready for the morning of the move as the staff would move it. I came back later that day to get my new key only to be told that I had &quot;checked out&quot; - after a lengthy discussion I was told that I was still checked in and given a key to another room. The room was half the size of the previous room and next to the lift area - During the time that I was outthe airline rang the hotel to ask them to tell me that my flight had been cancelled - only to be told that I had &quot;checked out&quot; so I missed the revised flight time. - Thanks!	
May 6 2008 	Overpriced; Bad service; Great location	A colleague and I are currently staying in this hotel on business.The stay has been characterized by bad service and total lack of attention to detail:- No maid service provided for more than 1 full day, despite room service garbage lying around (half eaten food, etc.)- No laundry bags in room- Package shipped to hotel temporarily lost; Hotel requested I pick up rather than delivering to room once found- Room service unable to accept food order temporarily- Front desk clerk insisted on giving 2 keys to 1 person despite repeated requests for 1 key only- Front desk clerk did not provide mini bar key- Doorman provided wrong directions to nearby destinationOne might say the above are minor (except maybe the maid service) but at the prices charged (&gt; $400/ night) one would expect near perfection and in my experience one would get it elsewhere.The hotel has a great location on Michigan avenue and my room is nice enough, but there are many other hotels nearby including the Swisshotel, Sheraton, Fairmont, Hyatt, and many others.	
May 1 2008 	Had my ipod stolen	Had my ipod stolen while I was there. Management had me fill out paperwork for a claim. I was then directed to call a number to process the claim where the person would never pick up the phone and would never return a message. They said it wasn't their fault, you were warned not to leave anything valuable not locked up and you can't prove that anything was really stolen.	
Apr 29 2008 	would never go again...	I had never really thought of going to Chicago ,but a friend was going on a convention and asked me to go .After much research of Chicgo it sounded like a great place....Especially the Intercontinental!! When we arrived everything SEEMED really nice and we even Accepted the 50.00 upgrade. After thinking about it now ...that even seems ridiculous!!! The room was indeed larger with a pathetic view....and it was HOT so HOT in fact we were forced to ask for a FAN!!! Being from the SOUTH we are use to hot wheather but my God....having to open a window in a 5 star hotel? Tacky ,Tacky!! The mini bar had a Jr. size can of pretzels for 6 bucks..charming to say the least! The BAR downstirs had $11 cocktails and the Eggs Benedict at ZEST was cold.Needless to say the only nice thing they had going for them ,(except for the bartender who was snobby and Rude ) ,were the Bell men and the Maids!!! Thank God for small favors...Intercontinental on the Magnificent Mile? Not so Magnificent!!!!	
Apr 28 2008 	Very Disappointing Hotel	I booked one night at this hotel on Hotwire, and was very disappointed at not only the facility, but the poor level of service. When we drove up, no one came to the car to offer assistance with bags, parking, etc. The 3 of us staggered through the lobby doors with all our bags, while the hotel staff stood and watched. No one tried to even assist with the doors. The lobby is not particularly impressive, low ceilings, nothing distinctive. There were 3 chairs, yes, 3 in the lobby. The front desk person first tried to sell us a more expensive room, when she saw there were 3 people on our reservation. For $50-150 more per night, we could indeed get a nicer room. I wanted to stay with the $130 I was already paying. She said she was giving us a &quot;nice, larger, corner room, with a particial view of the lake.&quot; When we opened the door into the room we were shocked at how small it was. There was not even adaquate space to access both sides of the bed. Both beds had about 8 inches of wall clearance. One of us had to crawl in and out from the foot of the bed that night. There was no view of the lake, only the side of highrise condos, nothing but concrete in sight. There is room for ONE suitcase in the room, that is it. If you use the space available for the one, you also forfeit access to the window, as it blocks the narrow passage on that side of the room. The closet is approximately 40 inches wide by 14 inches deep, so very little storage there. We were climbing over our 3 suitcases and several smaller bags the entire time we were there. The bathroom is very small and poorly designed, complete with the type of industrial toilet found in a sports stadium. The toilet was dirty with brown grime around the base and lid. The shower was clean, except for the black mold in spots along the grout. I contacted the front desk to see if a mistake had been made, since this was not the &quot;spacious corner room with a lake view&quot; that I was told of. They would not acknowledge that a mistake had been made, and I was given the same speech on &quot;upgrading&quot; for a fee of $50-$150 if I desired a &quot;nicer room.&quot; I tried a third time, a little later, to resolve this issue, but by then I was convinced I was talking to a robot. The same speech on handing over more money if I wanted a decent room for my family. The star rating of 4.5 or 5, depending on which website you are on, is inappropriate for this property. 75% of said &quot;amenities&quot; are not included in the price of your room, therefore they are not true amenities, and must be purchased at additional cost. The final insult were the condoms that are available for purchase in the basket of snacks on top of the mini fridge. My child discovered these along side the $4 Snickers bar and the $6 mini can of Pringles. The Intercontinental rivals Motel 6 for level of service, inadaquate facilities and overall tackiness. (My apologies to Motel 6, as that may be an unfair comparison.)	
Apr 28 2008 	Nice Hotel but way overpriced	I stayed here for 3 nights on a leisure trip. The hotel is a fantastic location, and bellman/staff at front dest - were all excellent. The room was a king in the historic tower on the 19th floor, quiet, clean - however - way overpriced. I did pay full price for the room, but did not find the &quot;value&quot; of it to be worth it. Amenities are average, not first class which is what they market to the public. The maid service, cleanliness of the room were all great, but beware - there are a lot of hidden costs staying at this hotel - one already pays enough to stay there, but then you have to pay nearly 50.00 to park, 12.00 to use internet, 20+ dollars to workout, plus, plus, plus. Beware of the hidden costs, and book your room though hotwire - they offer no special discounts if you call them directly. For the full price - I expected a lot more. no turn down service, (i'm sure that would have cost extra) - overall a good stay for sure, but if you can somehow get the cost down....you might feel better about your &quot;value&quot; for your dollar during these hard times.	
Apr 27 2008 	Loved Chicago - who cares about the hotel!	The best thing about this hotel is the location on the Magnicent Mile, just walk outside and stroll down this street and immediately you notice the overwhelming array of shops and department stores. A shopping paradise for serious shoppers. The open top bus tour (hop on/hop off) station is also just two minutes away. Check in  We arrived at 5.30am and had booked a room for the previous evening, so check-in was easy and efficient especially at this time of the morning. We did notice later the hotel is extremely busy and queues were often seen.Room- Our room 556 faced Michigan Avenue the Magnificent Mile we had no real view as we were placed on the 5th floor. The room had a king size comfortable bed with lovely feather down pillows. A huge plasma TV sat on top of a cabinet and a good size-working desk was handy for catching up on work or e-mails. No broadband but Wireless High-Speed connection, which worked extremely well. A long red sofa bed was placed beside the large windows. Mini bar, safe and wardrobe were also neatly tucked into the comfortable spacious room. The room is not modern but had a 1930s dcor, which created a soft and cozy atmosphere. The bathroom was standard size with a shower over the bath; good quality Damana toiletries were also generously supplied. Breakfast  The breakfast is located on the second floor in the Zest Restaurant. One can order from a menu or have the hot buffet meal, which also includes a chef-cooking omelets. We thoroughly enjoyed every meal.Bars  There is a comfortable lobby bar offering cocktails, beer and wine located just near the reception. Eno is another bar, which is located in the Historical Tower lobby level and offers more than 300 varieties of wine and 35 different types of cheese and a selection of handmade gourmet chocolates.Next door to the hotel is Starbucks coffee shop, which we found incredibly handy.Facilities  There is a fabulous heated swimming pool located on the 12th floor in the Historical Tower. The pool is a junior Olympic size with beautiful blue Majolica tiles with a fountain of Neptune on the east wall of the pool. The gym is also located on this floor. An ATM machine is located just near the Business Centre in the Historical Tower on the lobby level.Overall  I have given the Intercontinental Hotel 5 star rating for being a beautiful landmark building located in a prime position in Chicago offering comfortable quality rooms. Theres nothing I can say I disliked and we thoroughly enjoyed our five day stay.We actually loved Chicago with its excellent shops/restaurants/cafes it's a fabulous city for any traveller to visit.- highly recommended by Ellemay !! Shops or food - its hard to decide which gets my 5 star!	
Apr 26 2008 	What a disappointment	We stayed here several years ago and had a vague but favorable recollection of the visit. We stayed in the older part and enjoyed the traditional but updated room. This time our suite was in the newer tower and was not charming or comfortable. The windows were too high for looking out and so dirty that our limited view was obscured. The sofa bed for our daughter was the worst we have encountered. All this for a price that seems much higher than in the past. In spite of the great location, I doubt if we will stay here again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Price of parking was ridiculously high!	After a wonderful day &amp; evening in Chicago, my husband &amp; I were very unpleasantly surprised to find out upon checking out the following morning that the parking fee for one overnight at InterContinental Chicago was $49! Yes, this hotel is right on Michigan Avenue, and yes it was a nice room, but $49 for one overnight of parking seemed inordinately high. The usual $35 parking per night in Chicago is high enough, but $49 was over the top; we will not be staying at the InterContinental again! (We booked our room through HotWire, which does not give you the parking fee costs before you book, so we'll also be very leery of using HotWire again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great experience -- get the hotwire price	The Intercontinental is a great hotel, with helpful and pleasant staff. It's in a very central location, just north of the river on Michigan Avenue. The facilities are high quality, and there's a very good wine bar connected to the hotel.But you will normally pay relatively high prices for it. We were fortunate in that we got our reservations through Hotwire and paid a very economic price. One negative: they charge for extras like Wi-Fi and the gym. Other than that, this is an excellent place to stay for a visit to Chicago.	
Mar 28 2008 	better than advertised	I stayed here two nights for a meeting, and I am much happier than most reviewers. My room was a corner room with a king bed. there wasn't a lot of walking area, but everything was here, including a robe and couch. I liked the furniture and decor, and the TV is a big flat screen. The bed and linens were excellent quality. I did not find the staff unhelpful. In fact, I found everyone nice. The wine, cheese, and chocolat bar was really good, and they serve their food in the regular bar area, which made for a pleasant evening. People are right who complain about the hotel charging for everything, but if I paid $100 on hotwire or priceline for this, I would be extremely happy. the workout center is very good, and the pool is absolutely gorgeous - a throw back in time with lots of chairss, tiles, a real deep end. Do not miss this if you are a swimmer. In short - great location, very nice hotel, and a bargain if you get this via a discount broker given everything.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Hotel........Awesome price through Priceline!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for four nights. Booked it through price line at $100/night (taxes included). Nice hotel and great location!Would stay there again.	
Mar 23 2008 	Fantastic Stay!	We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great.We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt.We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure.	
Mar 17 2008 	Good Hotel Excellent Location	I recently stayed at the Intercontinental. I booked throught Hotwire and it was around $100/night which was absolutely worth it. The hotel is right on Michigan Ave. across the street from Nordstrom and Starbucks is in the hotel too. I was able to walk to the Hancock Observatory (15-20 min walk), the art institute and Millenium park (15-20 min walk) and all the major malls and shops. The hotel itslef has a nice lobby and the rooms are clean and relatively modern looking. Our room was small and I couldn't get a room with a Queen and had 2 double beds instead-but not a big deal. The concierge was able to give me advice and a list of where to go, maps, etc.. They did however want to charge you for everything you wanted to use (internet was pretty expensive, the fitness/pool area was I think $12/pp just to use it, toothbrush etc)It wouldv'e been nice if they had a jacuzzi as we did a lot of walking and it was very cold so it would've been nice to come back to that at the end of the day but oh well!Tip: The Subway (Blue line) from the O'hare airport (ORD) was very easily accessible and only $2 per person. It's almost an hour ride and then when you get out of the subway just grab a cab and it's a $5 ride to the Intercontinental airport. But, if you have really heavy luggages or a lot of luggages, there was a point when you get out of the subway, there's a flight of steps to get out onto the street. Overall I was pleased with the Intercontinental hotel and would stay there again. If I was paying a lot more, though, I wouldv'e expected a bigger room with a queen bed. I don't know if that was just there standard room, or if I got that room because I booked it through Hotwire.	
Mar 10 2008	nice place	Beautiful hotel with a really neat wine/chocolate/cheese bar adjacent. Our room was clean and quiet. We had a view of the lake which was nice. The pool was gorgeous!!! We didn't use it but we did go down to check it out and were impressed--the pool water was warm. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the hotel charges extra to use the workout room--I thought that was a little lame. The pool was free though. We'd stay there again but I would be disappointed if I paid a lot for the room and then couldn't workout.	
Mar 9 2008	Service doesn't come close to 4 stars!	The hotel is beautiful. Nice flat screen TV, great view of Magnificent Mile, nice furnishings. We got the room for $79/night through Hotwire. To be honest, I wouldn't stay here again, even if it was $59/night. The service was terrible - the concierge was away from the desk, and no one else would help us find a good place to eat/drink/dance. Finally, someone told us about a great place to go on the other side of town - Sangria. We had a minor with us, and he said that they accepted 18 and older in the club. So, we took the $15 cab trip there, and Sangria told us that it was 21 and up only. So, we went all the way back and complained. We asked the front desk to refund us for the cab rides, but they said that they couldn't do that. They gave us a coupon for a free drink, but by the time we got back from our room, the bar was closed. Everyone behind the front desk except for one person treated us like we were just second rate. On top of all this, EVERYTHING costs extra - even the toothbrush/toothpaste, just in case you forgot yours, costs $2. If you have an endless pocketbook and love to tip generously, I'm sure your stay would be wonderful, but if you're like me, you'll grudgingly hand over $1 by $1 for tipping and extras, adding up to be just as much as you spent on the room originally!	
Mar 9 2008	great location	great location! walking distance to many of the chicago hotspots	
Mar 5 2008	Good but not great and Priceline folks beware	Checked in at 11 a.m. on Friday, Feb 29. Asked for 2 double beds and was told they had absolutely none (at 11 a.m.?). I know this is a chance you take on Priceline, but felt we were *caught* in having to upgrade to a &quot;historic tower room&quot; just to fit a rollaway in the room (we had 3 adults). We had no option to call the front desk bluff except to accept a king bed for 3 women (which honestly we did consider) or pay $50/night to get a bigger room. We still got a great rate and ended up paying less than $100/person for 2 nights.The room itself was nice, but not great. We looked South at another tower (new?) and could see a silver of Michgan Avenue. The bathroom vanity area is TOO NARROW. It's ridiculous in fact unless you're a man or woman w/no hair products, make-up or hair appliances.The outlet situation is worse. There is ONE outlet accessible near a mirror outside of the bathroom (which does have an outlet, but no space to set a hair dryer or curling iron) and it has the nightstand light and clock already plugged in. You can use the mirror in the dark (unplugging the light) or without knowing the time (unplug the clock). Would it kill them to offer a power strip? Another outlet is available nearly behind the tv (no mirror nearby) or by the desk (with NO mirror again). Apparently women aren't supposed to get ready anywhere but the bathroom (with the tiny vanity).The sink drain was locked shut upon arriving and required a call to Housekeeping to open. The promised rollaway (which was to be delivered between 12-1 p.m. per the front desk) was not in the room at 6 and after 1 call by us and 4 callbacks from &quot;Tiffany&quot; (I will give them credit for checking back with us) it arrived near 8 p.m. The service was apathetic for the most part and although the location is perfect and the hotel itself is beautiful (tour the meeting areas on 2-4), I think this is just an average hotel, maybe 3 star, but certainly not 4.	
Mar 3 2008 	Will return hopefully soon	First off, we got a great deal through Priceline which is risky. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, but this time, my husband and I scored big! They upgraded us to the refurbished vintage section of the hotel. The room was huge, the view, well there wasn't really a view, but that was okay. We experienced three situations that required a phone call to service, who responded in a very timely manner and followed up with a phone call to make sure we were satisfied. Even when we called at 2:00a after a night out and discovered the heat wasn't working properly. They were in our room within 10 mins and fixed the problem. We had wine, cheese and chocolate at the wine bar ENO. The cheese/chocolate/wine selection was awesome, but unfortunately the service was SLOW! We got there around 7:30p on a Sat. and the wait staff seemed completely overwhelmed and not at all prepared for the Saturday crowd. Not at all romantic. We would return in a heartbeat.	
Mar 2 2008 	Will return!!	Maybe it was because we were coming from staying in the Embassy for a couple of nights, but I was totally impressed with the InterContinental Chicago. We were in the new tower and the room was small but decorated really cute. Beds were comfy and rooms were clean.You can't beat the location -- within walking distance of everything!! There is even a free trolley that goes to Navy Pier and drops you off literally within steps of the front door. The concierge were very helpful and polite. If you like wine and atmosphere, Eno is a must!! Very, very cool! I got this hotel for $90/night on Priceline so that may be another reason I liked it too.	
Feb 28 2008	Great location but average hotel	I want to be fair. The place is decently decorated, the rooms are clean. But it doesn't feel like a 4 star. The room service meal was cold and wasn't prepared to a culinary delight. Most of the staff was not very professional or courteous. I left feeling like I was at 3 star. The location is great for Michigan Avenue shopping and sites. For those who don't mind lackluster service, the hotel isn't that bad. The price was also reasonable.	
Feb 23 2008 	An oasis on Michigan Ave	Stayed at the IC Chicago several times. Keep returning for the location, pool and fitness center. Walk out the door right onto one of the most vibrant streets in the US. I am a bit of a pool buff and the IC boasts my favorite indoor pool in America. Fitness center includes some free weights, good range of machines, and a sauna.Service is pretty good, although check in lines can get a little too long during busy times, and although the staff are very professional, they are not as friendly as you expect at a top notch hotel.	
Feb 20 2008 	A great introduction to one of the great cities of America	My wife &amp; I drew this hotel via a conference at which my wife was presenting. It was a wee bit pricey (even by conference-rate standards) but we wanted to be sure of a good night's sleep after a punishing trip from Australia. We were not disappointed!The building is truly lovely - a mixture of renovated 1920s and more recent. We offered an upgrade via their travellers' club (I forget the exact title), where the membership more than paid for the upgrade (plus assorted discount / accommodation vouchers). We opted for this after an exhausting 31-hour journey from home, and were very glad to do so - 2 large bathrooms, a living room and a huge comfy king-size bed.Our area was very quiet, and the room was quite dark with the heavy curtains drawn - almost causing our downfall the next day, as we slept solidly until 11am (due to jetlag) and my wife's showtime was 1pm (my fault - I should have set alarm).Staff were very good and obliging. Door staff were friendly and efficient (and many of them were cricket fans, so we talked cricket a bit). Service problems were promptly fixed - the CD player in our room was not working but a replacement came within 10 minutes of a call.There were no tea-making facilities in our room (eg electric kettle), but house staff very obligingly brought a jug of boiling water each morning at the same time (we used to this to make our own breakfast).Location is mind-boggingly great - at the top of the Magnificent Mile and within cooee of the business district. The short walk to the subway station is a bit obscure - not signposted, and you have to cut through the Westfield Centre over the road - but we figured it out by studying the map plus asking concierge.We did not really use the restaurants in the hotel. Thanks to the great location we were happy to try different cuisines in the neighbourhood. We did visit the bar late at night (weeknights), and found it restful and quiet (which is just as we like it).Chicago had a unusual early-spring snowfall during our visit. The footpaths were generally lethal, but the door staff assiduously kept the footpath in front of the hotel de-iced. This was the true mark of their magnificent service - attention to small but potentially very uncomfortable) detail.The hotel has a business centre, including pay-as-you-go internet on in-house computers. As we did not have our own computer present i do not know if there is WiFi to rooms.I cannot comment on car-parking facilities because we used public transport.All in all - a truly memorable stay! Extraordinary.	
Feb 18 2008 	Excellent location	This hotel has a great location! Right on N. Michigan Ave., you are within walking distance to everything. Our room was very nice, the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. We ordered room service one night and it was only average, not really worth the price. And if you're planning on taking the train from O'Hare be prepared for a little bit of a walk, about 6-8 blocks. Other than that, great hotel, would definately stay here again.	
Feb 16 2008 	Excellent Stay	My boyfriend and I went to Chicago the week of Jan 28-31. We stayed at the Intercontinental. Before we went we signed up to be a priority member which was free to do. We got our room for $75 a night through hotwire. When we got there we expected to be in the new tower since we had booked at the cheaper rate but when we got there we were upgraded to the historic tower for free. Check in was not until 3 pm but when we got there at 9 am we got checked right in. The room was on the 24th floor. It was spacious and clean. The bed was very comfortable and the view was nice. The staff was very helpful especially the concierge. We didn't eat at any of the hotel's restaurants because there were so many options around. The location can not be beat. You can walk anywhere. There are tons of restaurants and shopping right outside the door. I will definately stay here again the next time I go to Chicago.	
Feb 16 2008 	Good location	We had previously stayed at the Fairmont, but they were unable to accommodate us, so recommended this instead, and we thought it was better than the Fairmont, and the location was excellent.We got a good rate for a junior suite, which was lovely, with good sized rooms. Room service was prompt, and all the staff were helpful.The breakfast was good, included in the room rate, with an excellent choice. However, at dinner, the restaurant seemed very cold - even though it was below freezing and snowing outside, we got the impression that they hadn't turned the heating on in there until we sat down. For such a large hotel, it seems strange that they only have one bar and one restaurant, plus a wine bar. The bar was overflowing with conference attendees, so impossible to get a drink there. And unlike other Intercontinentals we have stayed in, it doesn't have a club floor, which seemed a bit strange.	
Feb 14 2008 	Solid Service and Amenities with Great Eco-Practices	The Intercontinental Chicago is centrally located to the Magnificent Mile, has nice guest rooms with good amenities, a Starbucks inside the property, and solid service.On top of all of this, the hotel has a couple of very special features:-an aggressive greening campaign throughout all of its operations - including energy efficiency, waste management, water efficiency, and guest communication about eco-friendly activities.-a spectacular art deco swimming pool and several common spaces that are truly unique and grand in an historic, old-hotel glamour way.My stay was competently executed for the most part; the bellman was particularly accomodating. My only complaint was that my 5 am wake-up call came at 5:30 - but anybody who depends solely on the hotel wakeup call and doesn't set their own alarm deserves what they get. Beds were very comfortable with high quality linens; even small rooms and nice extra furniture and room to work.	
Feb 6 2008 	Sweet!	Great location, great price. You can run towards the lake down side roads. Close to shopping and tonnes of restaurants. Safe surrounding area. Few blocks from closest train station!	
Feb 4 2008 	great location and price	Our family stayed for 3 nights, 18-21 Jan, and we were very happy with the location and price thru' Hotwire of $99 per night. Our room was in the new tower, 2 double beds, a little tired but basically fine, although there is not very much storage space if you are having a long stay. There is a Starbucks in the hotel which is open from 6.30am-10.30pm, a Walgreens opposite, and lots of shops/dept stores. We ate Sunday breakfast (really brunch) at Zest: pretty good selection and an omelete station which was made to order. It was 12.50 each for us, and 3.50 for the kids: reasonable we thought for a 4* hotel. Even though it was truly freezing (-25 wind chill) we walked to the Hancock Tower with the kids (spectacular views, about 10 mins walk) and enjoyed meals at the Grand Lux Cafe and Fox&amp; Obel Cafe (5-10 min walk). We loved Chicago and enjoyed the Intercontinental: it was such great value as you could not hope to get an equivalent hotel in London for 50 a night!!!	
Feb 2 2008 	InterContinental...Great location to enjoy Chicago.	We stay here every time we visit Chicago. Located right on Magnificent Mile with lots of shops and restaurants right outside the door. Trolley is available to Navy Pier. We found it an easy walk to Millennium Park. During our visit in January we were thrilled to see they had added a full-service Starbucks right off the lobby...didn't have to leave the building to get our latte when it was snowing...even have a fireplace in the Starbucks. Don't miss the wine bar...they also feature chocolate and cheese...we tried the flight menu which was fun. I like the historic tower...it costs at little more but really appreciate the spacious rooms and views. Sometimes you can get a historic room at check-in for only $20-$30 if you ask...ask they don't always let you know. Oh...and the pool is spectacular...and really has been kept like it was when they opened in the 1920's.	
Jan 27 2008 	5* Service. Outstanding	The Intercontinental Chicago is a world class hotel. My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff truly tried to anticipated our every need and were so attentive. We were immediately greeted by the doorman/bellman who assisted us with our bags. Check in was perfect with no wait and everything in order.We were upgraded to the Historic Building and given a room with views of the lake and Michigan Ave. The room was elegantly appointed with beautiful linens and very clean. The bath was large with a separate shower and bath. Room service was prompt with delicious choices. The room was very quiet and private. Maid service was impeccable. The pool is a beautiful 1920's tiled olympic sized pool. The lobby bar was very comfortable to lounge in after a day of sightseeing with attentive service with tasty tapasstyle offerings. The wine bar Eno offers a warm sensuous place to taste fine wines matched with either local chocolates or cheeses from around the world. The Intercontinental is a fine hotel that truly cares about its guests.	
Jan 25 2008 	Solid Business Hotel	Very solid service and nice rooms. Ask for an upgraded room as they usually will accomodate requests if possible. Beautiful 1920's archecture that is well worth exploring the hotel. The roof top pool is not to be missed.	
Jan 19 2008 	Excellent location average rooms	We stayed overnight at the Intercontinental on a Chicago stopover on our way back to Europe. The hotel is located on the Magnificent Mile itself and is excellent for easy access to great shops and a number of good restaurants. The hotel is housed in two buildings - a historic tower and a more modern annex. The decor in our room was somewhat unimaginative, but the room was clean and a decent size. Right next door is the Chicago Tribune, an interesting building with quirky stone insets on its facade from famous building across the globe (think Taj Mahal and St. Paul's). The hotel staff are very efficient and rooms seem to go at competitive rates. Being on the Mag Mile, the rooms looking onto Michigan Avenue have good views. Although this hotel is undoubtedly good, there is nothing about it that makes it stand out. Oh, for those of you who can't go without coffee - there's a Starbucks that can be accessed directly from the lobby.	
Jan 16 2008 	Good choice if you get a good rate	Got a good deal through Priceline, think it was about $85 a night.Location:Situated nicely in the north end of the Magnificent Mile.Rooms:Nice, clean rooms, good size. Not much of a view from my room, just into the other building.Service:Didn't get the opportunity to test the service very much, but they had a concierge and friendly staff at check in.	
Jan 11 2008 	Much better option than it looks	The hotel has a nice location in Michigan Avenue, just infront Nordstroom and Hugo Boss. Walking distance to any place in Magnificent Mile.Staff is friendly and eager to help people.I stayed in a suite, and even when the decoration is not my favorite style, you have all the confort you might require in a upscale visit to Chicago. Try the breakfast at this hotel, it's simple but the dishes are delicious.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great choice if the price is right!	We booked Interconti through Hotwire, although the site doesn't reveal the name of the hotel until the payment confirmation, so you are buying a bit of &quot;cat in a sack&quot;. Such approach, however, gives you a rock bottom price for otherwise pricey hotel. We paid $100 a night whilst the rack rate is $300+ a night.When we arrived at Interconti on the New Year's day, the hotel was very quiet and reception staff was very attentive. We got great room with a great view, although booking through Hotwire does not allow you to collect points on your loyalty cards, we managed to get late check out which was very handy.Unlike other Interconti hotels, Chicago property is not rated 5 stars and 4 stars farily reflect shortcomings. The hotel has a main part (rather typical chain hotel) and historic part (which has wonderful decor). Not sure how the rooms in two differents building compare but the halls in the histroic part are pretty spectacular.Location of the hotel could not be better. Walking distance to many attractions, although not in January when we visited. If we come to Chicago again and Hotwire gets us another great rate, we will definitely stay at Interconti again.	
Jan 7 2008 	Huge Disappointment	.......................Just stayed here thinking it would be nice, Not...........................Wallpaper falling off walls. NO fan in bathroom.What REALLy blew me away was that $500. /night they did not even have a bar of soap....Littlle mom/pop motels can supply that...................Don't Waste your money. Hotel Indigo will be the only one's for my family Beautiful . Bath supplies. well kept and friendly staff.....	
Jan 3 2008 	Nothing Great!!	My wife and I stayed over New Year's and found the hotel to be nice, but nothing special. The service lived up to thier reputation as being short with us, they weren't rude, just short. The room was nice, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was a bit small. We had a flat panel TV that allowed Aux. inputs so we could hook up our DVD player and watch movies on the TV. If you are like us and don't care about the minibar or room service, stay somewhere else. There are a lot of hotels in the area that would offer the same experience for a cheaper price.	
Jan 3 2008 	Beautifully decorated	We visited Chicago from December 30th, 2007 to January 2nd, 2008 and we stayed at the Hotel Intercontinental Chicago. We named our own price for a 4 star hotel on Priceline and ended up paying 1/3 of the price for this hotel. We were very satisfied with the hotel as soon aswe stepped into the lobby. It was beautifully decorated for the holiday season. We arrived an hour before check-in and the front desk said we would have to wait for our room to be ready in an hour. We decided to wait a half hour and ask again. One girl told us we would have to wait another two hours for a room with a view but when we asked another girl she searched very thoroughly and found us a room right away. The room was tiny but very clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was pretty big for the size of the room. The view was decent but I do not think we were high enough up to get the best view. It is perfectly located among all the shopping on the Magnificent Mile. The room service and the bar drinks were overly price but that is to be expected at a 4 star hotel. We definitely recommend this hotel and also recommend booking it on Priceline. For the best deal, name your own price.	
Dec 27 2007	Great location nice room	This is a very nice (not exceptional) business class hotel in a great location for shopping on North Michigan Avenue. The room was fresh-feeling and not very spacious, but not cramped, either, i.e. typical of a renovated hotel from another era. The bed in room 1842 was comfy; the heat was &quot;responsive&quot; on chilly nights; the bathroom is good but not luxurious, although there was a nice range of toiletries and counter space to spread out. Exellent housekeeping. There were all the other things you expect of a good business-class hotel, e.g. in-room safe, coffee maker, etc. Since we were at leisure on a short stay, we did not test the internet connections or the fitness center (lots of power shopping and museums instead.) There is a $48/night parking charge, which is very typical for this area of Chicago. There are in/out privileges. I don't understand the complaint of another Tripadvisor poster re: having to wait in a cold garage -- the car was quickly brought around to the front when we wanted it.There are various restaurants and a Starbuck's on-site. We only used the Starbuck's and the cafe for breakfast since we were in the mood for eggs, panakes, etc. The latter was fine, and service excellent, although they should improve the coffee (can I bring in a Starbuck's?) There is also a more lavish breakfast buffet, but we generally don't go that route.The Eno wine/cheese/chocolate bar looked nice, but we were busy with other things. My usual complaint about these places: the music was grating Euro-techno-loud something, not conducive to sipping wine. I would have asked them to turn it down (or off) had we stayed for a while. The other complaint is minor and happens: we had difficulty checking in when the desk could not find our reservation, and this was one of the few times when I had the confirmation number buried somewhere. 'Can't say whether it was their fault or the cedit card tgravel agency we booked with (we used bill-back miles, using a good room rate) but even after checking both my husband's and names, there was still a no-go. We booked a spare room, and then settled it with out CC company and the hotel afterwards. For some reason, we were booked using my husband's first name as the last name. Someone should have thought about this possibility.The room in general was quiet, but it faces North Michigan Avenue to the north. The holiday lights were ablaze, but we could also hear the occasional siren going by.Still, the room was ready, and we could check in early. Everyone was very nice and polite. While not in the same league as a Ritz or Four Seasons, we'd be happy to stay here again. But then again, we good a good rate, not the posted rack rate that would put it in league with those other hotels.	
Dec 16 2007 	Nothing special	Now this is a five star / four diamond hotel, so it's still pretty nice despite the low score. It's just that when I go to these types of establishments, I have high expectations. The building is very nice as are the public areas. Combine this with a top-notch location right on Michigan Avenue and a short walk to the theatre district and you can't go wrong, right? Wrong. First of all, there are many little issues with the way this place was remodeled. It looks like the construction guys were a little sloppy. The curtains in my room were coming off the roof, some lids on the floor were a little offset recovering dark nasty holes, door frames were obviously repainted by a non-professional handyman etc. These are little things, but aren't the little things what you fork the extra dollars for?I just hate that when you pay $200 plus for your room, they have the guts to rob $10 for a wireless internet. The worst part was, it didn't even work. I complained and didn't need to pay for that which is the least they can do. I think they should add some access points to strengthen the signal and make the access free like so many of the 3 star -type of places have (Hampton Inn, Garden Inn, Fairfield Inn, you name it). I wanted to go to the fitness center after a long drive to drain some sweat. Guess what, guests have to pay for it!Breakfast was nice, and it needs to be when it costs as much as a good dinner. To top it off, they made me wait 15 minutes in the cold garage to get my car. Is this why I paid a $100 for valet parking for two nights? There was nothing wrong with the attitude of the staff and the receptionist was courteous and nice when I said I didn't want to pay for the internet. I think the issues with this place are related to management. If you get a good deal here, go ahead and stay. It's not a bad place. It just should be better.	
Dec 14 2007 	Lovely hotel	The hubby and I stayed here for one night to do some shopping and relaxing before the crazy Christmas rush. I got a great price on Hotwire and I'm sure that's why we were so pleased, but at twice the price it would have been a bargain compared to other hotels in Chicago we've stayed. The location is great, with lots of stores and restaurants right there. We walked to the hotel from Union station. If the weather is ok, that's doable. The day we left tho, it was sleeting, so a cab was really necessary.The room was very comfortable, 5 star quality, but as others have mentioned, watch out for the extras( mini bar,tv,parking). Those prices are outragious. We knew that going in ,so we stopped at the 7-11 a couple blocks away before we checked in.They can't force you to open that bottle of water for $6.00,or listen to 30 minutes of music for $10. If you do, I don't understand the surprise at checkout.This is one of the few hotels downtown with a pool, and it's the nicest one we've seen. We didn't use it, but something to consider if you think you'll have time.A breakfast restaurant in the hotel would have been nice. Starbucks is the only option and we're not fans.All in all, we thought this was a wonderful hotel, very nice staff and wouldn't hesitate to recommend.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great hotel with a fabulous location!	For a weekend shopping trip around the holidays, we wanted something right on Michigan Avenue. This was the perfect location for a Magnificent Mile jaunt. Great service, nice people, elegant interiors, pleasant room. We went to the ENO wine, cheese and chocolate bar and were very satisfied with that as well. I would stay here again without hesitating.	
Dec 4 2007 	Very Pleasant	Stayed two nights in the main tower in a very nice small suite which we were upgraded to due to gold priority club status. The room was very comfortable and quiet and even had a second bathroom. This is a centrally located hotel whose staff works hard to please; which is a tough task given the size of the hotel and the huge number of guests. There is a Starbucks in the lobby if you want to avoid the very expensive breakfast in the restaurant. Be prepared for the occassional line up to access elevators or the front desk and a busy lobby; bell staff work hard to keep things moving. Would definitely stay again.	
Nov 26 2007	Ruined our Wedding Night! Please boycott!	We booked directly with the Intercontinental--a special room for our wedding night. After our wedding, we went to the Hotel excited and happy. When we got there, the night changed. We were treated rudely and with no respect. They told us there was &quot;no room&quot; even though we had a confirmation number. Instead of showing any empathy, they told us to go sit down while they figured out &quot;what to do with us&quot;. My husband was in his tux and I was in my wedding gown! No apology! No concern! We were given $20 and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they'd &quot;found&quot; a room. The Intercontinental RUINED our wedding night. We are telling anyone and everyone of our experience. This place was supposed to be elegant. We've never been treated so poorly. We will never stay in another Intercontinental Hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple!!! STEER clear of this place.	
Nov 25 2007 	Love Shopping? Stay here.	We stayed at the Intercontinental on Thanksgiving night. The lobby wasbeautifully decorated for Christmas with a large tree and many poinsettas. We stayed in the non-historic wing, they offered to upgrade us for $50to the historic wing but we declined. Our king bed room was an averagesize with a lovely view of the entrance to the hotel and Michigan Avenue. The room was smartly decorated in golds and burgandies and thehighlight of the room was the red velvet window seat/sofa.The good: The rate- for under $210 we had a great room, parking, and full breakfast in the hotel restaurant.The not so great:The food- for this caliber of hotel, the food should have been ten times better than what it was.The valet parking- upon arrival we were immediately greeted and the car was whisked away. Upon departure, they sent us down to the garage to retrieve our own car. Isn't the point of valet parking that they deliver the car to you? Parking is also pricey if it is not included in your stay $48 per night.Overall, nice hotel with some issues to work through.	
Nov 24 2007 	Best of Chicago	We loved this hotel and we have stayed at alot of hotels in Chicago( including Palmer House which was awesome). But the proximity of the Intercontinental to everything we did was the best. Shopping was steps away, a movie theatre right around the corner on Ohio, many resturants and the El only 2 blocks away on State. We also got our room on Priceline for 110 +tax and it was well worth the money. We were in the main tower and the room was a little small but beautifully decorated and the bed and pillows were so comfortable. Nice couch and ottoman.Also I have never stayed at a hotel that had a noon checkout so it was great not to have to rush to get out . We parked in a parking ramp on the north side and grabbed a cab into the city $18 for 24 hrs and we didn't have to deal with the traffic.That worked out great.By far this is the Best stay in Chicago!!	
Nov 23 2007 	NIce hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights last weekend. It is a located in a fantastic spot on the Magnificent Mile, right near the Chicago River and the NBC building. We had a double room in the main tower. The room was very clean and updated. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access. Also, parking is high ($45 valet/day). Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel. We paid $90 on Priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price.	
Nov 15 2007 	Superb	This was my second stay at the Chicago Intercontinental. I elected to revisit this hotel as I had a superb experience during my last visit and would not consider staying anywhere else.I again was not disappointed.On arrival we were greeted by name, by the Manager and welcomed as retruning guests. Once again, as an Ambassoador member of Priority Club my room was upgraded to a Suite, next to the Presidential Suite. This was quite superb and made a perfect start to our holiday.I love Chicago, will be back and would not contemplate staying anywhere else.	
Nov 13 2007 	Horrible Front Desk!!!	They caused stress b/c they couldn't find our reservation at check-in. We stayed for a weekend and the trip was immediately soured when we were checking in. I presented my driver's license and was told I had no reservation and the hotel was fully booked. We informed them we were a part of a wedding party and the response was still no reservation. The manager was there through this entire process and joined in the clerk's attitude that we were from Mars. Only after giving them the credit card number, which they reluctantly used, did they find the reservation-under my horribly MISSPELLED named in their computer! we had unfortunately left our confirmation email at home, but the name was correct on the email. some of the wedding party had to be contacted which stressed them out too. This was clearly their error! It took forwever to sort out, and never once did anyone take on an apologetic tone. We paid w/ parking over $700 for two nights so I don't think we should have received such horrible customer service. We never asked for any extra service, but saying sorry would have gone a long way. Thanks Intercontinetal-the stay was ruined by the service.	
Nov 13 2007 	Classic elegance in Chicago with prime location	PLUSES:* The hotel's location is fantastic - right across from the Nordstrom shopping area on Michigan. * I stayed in the Historic Tower -- huge corner room with views of Michigan Ave. * The room's decor was attractive -- classic and elegant. * Very comfortable bed and NO sounds from neighboring rooms.* Strong wireless internet signal in the room (but there is indeed a daily fee to use it)* Gym is very nice and clean, with lots of cardio equipment. However, there is also a one-time fee to use it ($12). If you want to go to the gym more than once in your stay, it's a $16 flat fee, per person, for unlimited use. NEGATIVES:* Only two elevators serviced the floor I was staying on in the Tower, and elevators were very slow at times. Once I waited about 5 minutes for the elevator to arrive to the floor where my room was.* Turndown service didn't happen one night -- not sure why. Be sure to ask for it, as it's a nice touch (chocolates on the bed, ice bucket filled, etc.). ---Overall, this is a place I woud definitely choose again for lodging in Chicago.	
Oct 23 2007 	Nice hotel; great location	Stayed here for 3-day weekend. Great location. Lots of attractions in walking distance. Beds were wonderful and room in historic tower was very nice. Great views and the windows open which was great for some fresh air. Changed from 31st floor due to banging we kept hearing for 24 hours (sounded like someone jumping on the floor above us). Hotel was gracious in moving us to 37th floor, but had breakdown in communication as to why we were moving. In the morning, told us to leave our stuff and bellman would move it; just pick up key when returning at day's end. When we came back at 5pm to pick up our new key, they then asked all sorts of questions which should have been noted already. So it was annoying to reiterate the whole banging noise, engineer you sent up heard it, never got back to us, etc. Both rooms we had were very nice. Bathrooms have a lot of marble, nice tub and separate shower. Nice toiletries too that smelled great! Amazing lap pool--one that must've been shown in movies. Interesting how you must shower first--you have to walk past the attendant to get to the pool from the showers; this rule is apparently enforced. Pool does not smell like chlorine which was great. Didn't eat there so can't comment on food. Check on internet access--some get billed and some don't. There's a Starbuck's on the ground floor too.Took doubledecker bus tour first thing and saw the whole city. Next day went to Space &amp; Invention museum (taxi cost $20) and then to Millennium Park. Walked around the City and shops, etc. Hancock Tower was cool at night. Fox &amp; Obel store near hotel was great. Lobster club sandwich was so good I went back next day and got one to go for the plane ride back to NJ (United serves/sells NO food in flts &lt; 3 hours). I'm sure the cupcake we ate on the plane was the envy of passengers around us. Nice upscale store with a great &quot;to-go&quot; selection too. Ditka's had good food for dinner. All within walking distance of the hotel. Hotel staff was very courteous.Used Continental Van service from/to airport. Paid r/t at airport but next time would taxi back as the p/u was late and driver had attitude toward everyone. A LOT of traffic to and from airport. Leave about an hour to get there.Overall a good experience.	
Oct 17 2007	This is the only hotel I will stay in while visiting Chicago!	After reading some of the most recent reviews I'm really perplexed. I didn't know what to expect, but I was most pleasantly surprised. Just as all the past reviews, both negative and positive, have stated, you can't beat the location of this hotel. It's perfect. We had a big spacious room in the old tower. We avoided the expensive pitfalls of the hotel extras such as bottled water and items in the room fridge. The beds were great, the rooms were kept clean and the staff was very friendly. Great martinis in the hotel bar. I really can't understand the negative reviews. I know you can't please everyone, but in some cases I simply don't believe their claims. I've traveled a lot and have stayed in plenty of hotels. This is a great hotel!	
Oct 9 2007 	Great Room for the Price	I got a $120 room rate from Pricelines name your own price. I was planning on staying at the Millenium Nickerbocker for $195 a night so I was not sure what to expect from the Intercontinental. Let me just say I was pleasently surprized! This hotel is BEAUTIFUL! The lobby and location are great. You are directly across from Nordstroms on Michigan Ave. The door men were very pleasant and helpful. The room was a large for Chicago. I just had to call and request a two double beds non-smoking after I made the reservation. I do agree that the price for parking, internet and roomservice is high. Vending machines would have been nice. The Starbucks was a nice treat in the morning located to the left of the lobby. My only big complaint was the water temp. in the showers. It got way to hot and then you couldn't get it any cooler. But all in all I would stay at this hotel for the normal room rate which is twice what I paid.	
Oct 5 2007	Great service and fabulous location	I stayed at the intercontinental during the last weekend in September for a &quot;pleasure trip&quot; -- the InterContinental was in a great location and the staff was excellent. The room was clean and comfortable -- and came equipped with a new LG flat panel tv. Had breakfast at Zest (hotel restaurant) -- a bit pricey but decent if you want a buffet. The hotel is in walking distance to millenium park, museums and the aquarium. There is also a lot of shopping - window shopping is best though, considering the sales tax is 9.5%! (and possibly raising to 11%)Great stay. I highly recommend it and would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2007	They Have Bed Bugs!!!!	I stayed here with a dozen of my friends, and more than half of us got eaten alive by bed bugs! We stayed there from September 28 - September 30th, but the symptoms (i.e. the crazy itchiness) didn't come until Sunday night when we all got home. I complained to the hotel and basically all they're gonna do is cover the cost of our dry cleaning bills. Honestly, they should reimburse us, because it was not worth it at all. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!	
Sep 27 2007 	First Class	The service and overall feel of this hotel is First Class. I was treated like I was a King. The rooms were very clean and smelled clean. Did not care for the Zest restaurant downstairs but the wine bar was excellent. The food ordered via room service was very good, with the delivery faster than expected. The food ordered via room service was made fresh and the portions were much larger than expected. I ordered soup because I had a cold and received a portion that was about four cups of soup. Along with the very large Ceasar salad with freshly grilled chicken, I could not finish my dinner. Atfirst glance the room service menu appears to be very expensive but that is deceiving. The service at the conferences I attended at the hotel was also top notch. The cleaning staff were impecable and genuinely friendly to the point I left a tip for them each morning. If you want to be treated like gold stay at the Intercontinental Chicago. They must treat their staff the same way as it shows in their excellent customer service. Hats off to the Intercontinental management and staff!	
Sep 22 2007 	What an amazing hotel!	I've travelled a lot to Chicago, and after many, many trips my family and I have finally found the place we will always return to. From the moment we arrived to check-out we found some of the best customer service we've ever encountered:- Personally saying good morning to me, my wife and kids.- Despite our day late arrival (cancelled flight), finding our rooms ready and without delay.- Kind staff at the pool and health club.- Excellent wait staff at the restaurant for both breakfast and dinner.- Extremely professional concierge services, dedicated to finding what we were looking for, and not just &quot;answer their question and get them out of here&quot; that seems more and more to be the standard.Struggling to find something negative to say, I really cannot find anything. We left our door ajar one evening while moving kids from one room to another, not 2 minutes passed before security came, made us aware we had left our door open, asked if everything was OK, smiled and gave us a &quot;have a nice evening.&quot; For us, that's everything: the little things that just kept adding up.Good old fashioned customer service, great location and attention to detail; this reviewer highly recommends staying at the InterContinental Chicago.	
Sep 18 2007 	Location Location.	Sometimes its all about location, and this can't be beat- n the Mag Mile a block north of the Chicago River. Booked a 'double' room at an amazing rate thru Hotwire. Upgraded to a 'king' in the 'Historic Tower': cost an extra $50/night, but still wound up substantially less than advertised rates (stayed on a Sat-Sun). Room was very nice- great view of Wrigley Building, Tribune Building, NBC Tower, out to the lake. (Strange thing about the room though- limited clothes storage if you want to actually unpack your suitcase- no dresser!) Bathrooms very nice and updated. Front desk staff was friendly, if not a little corporate and chilly. The pool is a phenomenal thing to see, but its not a kids-kinda-pool. Pool is free, but health club is daily fee. The chocolate, cheese, and wine bar in the lobby ('eno') is a cool experience- try the $10 after 10 special. OK...the downsides- Breakfast is ridiculously expensive ($48 for two people- eggs, juice, coffee.) Parking is just as silly at $50 per night, valet only. Overnight parking on the streets behind the hotel is free, but meters start at 730am on weekdays. To be safe, look for the self-park garage around the corner next to the Courtyard Marriott- hourly rates up to $35 day. Overall, my opinions are greatly influenced by the rate I received thru Hotwire. Yes- it was clean with a great location. But at full price (sometimes $300 or more per night), i think i would want a little more pampering from the Intercontinental Chicago.	
Sep 10 2007 	Beautiful Intercontinental Chicago!	This InterContinental Hotel is absolutely wonderful in every aspect. First, you cannot beat its location right on Michigan Avenue. Close to great shopping and dining. If you happen to arrive late as we did, try the very good Grand Luxe restaurant just down the street (ask the very nice doorman for directions). The lobby of the hotel is small and not spectacular, but who cares, you only use it to come in and out. Since I am an Ambassor Club member of the Intercontinental hotels, we were upgraded to a suite in the historic tower. The room had a stunning view of downtown Chicago with a separate sitting area with a sofa and tv. The bedroom was spotless and beautifully appointed. I am very picky about the quality of hotel beds and pillows and at this hotel they are superb. The bathroom was large and spotless with a separate shower and bathtub. Loved the big plush towels and fine toiletries. This is a great hotel and when in Chicago I would not stay anywhere else.	
Sep 4 2007 	Excellent Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Intercontinental for one night, the Sunday during Labor Day weekend. We had booked the hotel using Priceline (less than $100) and were concerned after reading many of the previous reviews. However, our stay was excellent.We were given a king room in the historic tower section. The room was immaculate, recently redecorated and spacious. It had a 32&quot; plasma TV, very comfortable bed, large marble bathroom with a large tub and separate, glass shower. The room temperature was well-controlled and our room had a view of the Tribune Tower next door and the under-construction Trump Tower on the Chicago River. We dealt with two different front-desk employees as well as the guest services manager. All were courteous and professional. Valet parking at the hotel is high...$48 per day. We drove so we parked our car instead at a parking garage two blocks away at the corner of Ontario and St. Clair (Marriott Courtyard) for $34...the going 24-hour rate for garages in this area is $29-$34 for 24 hours	
Aug 31 2007 	Loved it.	I went onto priceline.com and selected a 4 star hotel in the river north area of Chicago. The price I entered was $90.00, I figured this was a long shot. My request came back immediately, and i was booked into the Intercontinental for just 90 bucks. I then emailed the hotel directly and requested a non-smoking room, (priceline can't guarantee you a non-smoking room, FYI) on a high floor with a nice view. We packed up the family and headed to Chicago with our fingers crossed.I couldn't have been happier with a hotel, even if we had paid full price, it still would have been great.What's good about it?The location. Right downtown on Michigan Ave. next to the tribune building, near the river, walking distance to Navy Pier (By walking distance, I mean our two kids, 7 &amp; 8, walked without complaining).The hotel itself is very nice, there are two restaurants downstairs, Zest and Eno. One fancy, the other really fancy. and a bar. There's also a Starbucks attached to the lobby. There's probably two more across the street, but who's counting?I can only review the room we stayed in here, but it was awesome, lots of open space, large plasma TV, large marble tiled bathroom, comfortable beds, very clean. The room actually felt new. The view from the window as you're going to sleep was of the Tribune tower, the Wrigley building and the Sears tower, among the other building which I don't know the name of. Beautiful at night, the kids loved it (It was room 2317, if you're curious).The downside?The extras are expensive.Parking was $48.00 a day, which I think is outrageous even for downtown Chicago. I probably could've found a cheaper lot, but driving around Chicago is stressful if you don't know where you're going. So we just took it on the chin for parking.$9.95 a day for internet access. There are so many place offering free wifi, it just doesn't seem right to find a place that still charges.The restaurants and bar are pricey. OK, so I only went to the bar, but $6 for a bottle of Goose Island? And $10 for a gin &amp; tonic?One last note on the pool, it seems to be part of a larger members only fitness club, and although it's amazing, it was a little awkward bringing little kids there to swim, something they had been looking forward to the whole trip. You enter through the fitness center doors where you're directed to a locker room and told to shower before entering the pool area, and as the host eyes the kids she tells us that there's a strict no jumping or diving or splashing rule. At the pool there are lane dividers and signs on the wall that say &quot;lap swimming only.&quot; In the pool, there are a few old people with swimming caps and goggles on, doing laps.The pool is very nice, but not for families with kids, and for us that's a pretty big deal. because if the kids can't enjoy the pool, we can't enjoy the pool.All in all, great place to stay. Park, eat and swim somewhere else.	
Aug 29 2007 	Stayed in better Downtown Chicago Hotels	Stayed in old tower. Room was nice and room service was very good. Room Wi-Fi was expensive as was the bottled water. For the price of the room, at least there should at least have been water. I would rate the value as sub-par.The restaurant menu was not great, food mediocre by comparison to other downtown Chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant.. In summary, I will go to the M... or H... next time. Some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of North Carolina and earlier this year in Northern California.P.S. If you are a fitness room user, the $16 per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel.	
