Nov 20 2009 	Didn't want to check out...	Perfectly situated, reasonably priced and more comfortable than your own apartment?!? What a gem. I will be back!	
Nov 18 2009 	Outstanding facility very comfortable everything service could be warmer.	I stayed one night on business. Had a room on the 16th floor (right across from elevators, but no noise issue at all during the night -- but kind of wondered what the big deal is about being Silver Level in the hotel's program if that gets me right across from the elevators with a so-so view). Great work space, plenty of strong lighting, easy electrical access, and easy to use (t-mobile) wireless. Terrific TV (flat, huge, swivels). Well-stocked mini-bar. Well-designed closet, generous sized bathroom with nice design and level of quality furnishings. Shower pressure excellent. Speaker phone by the loo ... a little odd. Bedding extremely comfortable -- extremely. Room service dinner. Hamburger cooked medium -- if you don't like bright pink, go for medium well. Fine size portion and above average quality. Breakfast was very fine. Fast service. Ordered the basics (oatmeal and toast -- the best oatmeal and toast ever; that might sound underwhelming, but order it and see for yourself).Had a box delivered, room service delivered, restaurant breakfast, counter check in, and doorman hailed a taxi. The doorman was very helpful with luggage and making sure I knew where I was going. Everyone else was efficient and pretty business-like, in contrast to the Sofitel in Manhattan, where everyone was friendly and welcoming. That was a little disappointing. Still, I'd stay there again, business or pleasure.	
Nov 12 2009 	Pretty Decent	Stayed for 3 nights across the weekend of the 23 Oct as part of our honeymoon. Thos hotel was everyhting we had wanted and expected it to be.Friendly and efficient check in staff &amp; Bell Boys. Clean, modern room with views - we were onthe 27th floor. Attentive service (told them it was our honeymoon in advance and got some free strawberries dipped in chocolate.Good location close to Mag mile and 1 block from the subway if wanting to go down to the loop but Chicago is a pleasure to walk around.Didn't eat inthe hotel as have plenty of option close by.One grip would be we were kept awake by some very noisy machanical sounds on a number of night which went on constently - could have been the lifts but more likely the air con units onthe roof (not our in room air con as it was switched off). Quite annoying but otherwise a ver pleasent stay.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent trip	The trip was excellent. The rooms were clean, and the beds were super comfortable.The hotel staff professional and they took care of every need. They had taxis waiting on the street if you needed one or provided suggestions and/or walking routes if needed. The only complaint that I had was the rooms were a little smaller than expected. The hotel is also close to Rush St. which has a lot of good restuarants like Mike Ditka's Restaurant and the Original Pancake House.	
Nov 7 2009 	Comfortable	I came to Chicago on business and needed somewhere comfortable and hassle free. The hotel met my needs and I would recommend it both for business and leisure. The hotel is just to the north of the main business district, at the start of the Mag Mile, so well placed for shops and the Hancock Tower. The room was big, with a very comfortable bed and a flat screen TV. The view was great. The bathroom was modern and clean with white fluffy towels and Occitane toiletries. I asked to change from the 11th to the 21st floor to get a better view and my request was accommodated. Breakfast was good. There was no buffet - everything was a la carte. Breakfast was on the expensive side - US$16 for a bagel, coffee and orange, but there is a great diner literally one minute's walk away (Tempo) which is very popular with locals if you wanted to experience something more authentic. The breakfast room and bar are at ground level which seems a shame given the great views from higher up. There is no pool but there is a gym. There is also free internet access on level 2. There is a good buzz in the evening in the bar and there is a wide range of cocktails. All in all, a comfortable place to stay in a safe neighbourhood, and well placed for the shops and transport.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Hotel right by the Magnificent Mile!	We lucked out and got half off of the rooms. The hotel is in a great location for walking to the subway (the El), and the Magnificent Mile. Also the Hancock Tower is just a couple of blocks away, right on the Magnificent Mile. The service was excellent, and we had no complaints during our stay! If you stay here, you are getting great service and a great location, guaranteed! Extra notes, walk out the front door and take a right, there's a great breakfast place called Tempo Cafe!	
Oct 26 2009 	Totally awesome.	Chicago was so fabulous, we decided to stay on for a few days after our conference ended, and wound up at the Sofitel due to the reviews here and a special price the Sofitel was offering. It was the best decision possible. First of all the Sofitel rooms are exquisitely comfortable, with perfect beds, pillows, robes, slippers, lots of storage for all your clothes and impedimenta, and gorgeous baths with tub and separate shower stall with great shower head. The modern decor is surprisingly warm and spacious-feeling, much nicer &quot;in person&quot; than the internet photos suggest. The lobby and common areas are quite nice. The restaurant is rather expensive even by Chicago standards (e.g., $18 for a turkey sandwich) but the quality of our breakfast meal of Belgian waffles ($16 pp including choice of juice) and French-press coffee was very nice, presented and served perfectly. A nice extra: the Sofitel room safes are large enough for a widescreen laptop if you kitty-corner it in. The widescreen TV was an LG, with no loss of perspective, i.e., the picture wasn't oddly stretched. Free computer access is available on the 2nd and 3rd floors. Front desk, door, bellman, and housekeeping service is impeccable. Our room overlooked the western part of the city, which isn't terribly inspiring, but the high-floor location improved it and was appreciated. The location is at the edge of the Mag Mile and Gold Coast, close by the Water Tower and Hancock Tower (about 2 blocks) so it's easy to catch a bus. The Chicago Metra station is relatively close too. It's not as convenient as the Loop area if you're in town for the theater, but there are some fabulous restaurants nearby, such as the Grand Lux Cafe and Quartinos, which are both along E. Ontario St, as is Trader Joe's if you need some basic groceries. There is a Starbucks about 3 minutes walk away on Chestnut St closer to the Mag Mile. Across the street is an Ing Bank cafe --- I didn't buy anything there, but a lot of people were loading up on the inexpensive coffee and pastries there in the morning.Conclusion: this hotel is totally awesome. Stay here and you'll be spoiled for life for any other hotel with fewer amenities or luxuries.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great hotel...minor quibbles	This was my second stay at The Sofitel, the first being a one-night stay in late 2007. This time, I was there for five nights. I do love this hotel. But having become a connoisseur of hotels as of late, there are a couple of minor things that prevent me from giving the Sofitel Water Tower 5 stars. But let me start with the good stuff...* Super comfortable beds.* Great Bose alarm clock.* Robes and slippers provided.* Excellent gym for a hotel. People have noted that the gym is small...I've stayed in a lot of hotels and this was pretty good for a hotel gym. 6 of 7 treadmills. Three cross-trainers. At least one exercise bike. A lot of free weights and some weight machines. Also, the gym is free, unlike at the Sheraton where you have to pay.* Lovely little bar. Even when I lived in Chicago, I would come here for martinis and cocktails. I just really like the vibe.* Super clean. One thing I tend to notice is hotel wear and tear on walls and carpets. My room was pristine. The gym walls were pristine as well. Facilities is really doing their job here. * Great Aveda bath products.* Free coffee and croissants in the a.m. No one seems to mention this, but it's there in the cafe. (Unless I was supposed to pay and didn't realize it.) The first morning, I asked if they had any tea and they said yes, what kind. I asked for mint tea and a few minutes later they brought me my own pot of REAL FRESH mint tea. It was awesome. Good croissants too.* And lastly--and this might sound silly--but the baguettes at breakfast were fantastic. Because I live in London and spend a lot of time in France, I eat a lot of baguettes. The Sofitel's baguette at breakfast was amazingly crunchy on the outside, yet just the right amount soft on the inside. I had to ask if they make it themselves on site, and they do. So, the main thing that prevents this from being a slam-dunk for me is the lack of free wireless. Even if I had just gotten a free 10 hours or something, I would have given this five stars. But the fact that I had to buy the T-mobile package was really annoying. The other minor quibble was the consistency of housekeeping. One night, during the turndown service, they didn't leave me any bottled water. And during the regular morning service, one day, they forgot to replace my bath products so I didn't have any conditioner left. Also, I'm a sucker for when they lay out all your beauty products on a towel on the sink--I see that a lot at higher end hotels--and they didn't do that here. In short, this wasn't five-star housekeeping. Although it was good and very clean. So...you really can't go wrong here. My constructive comments are really aimed more at whoever is reading this at the hotel so they can kick things up a notch!	
Oct 25 2009 	Experience it	There are times in one’s life when we know an experience is extraordinary. My traveling companion and ventured to the Windy City for a weekend of entertainment, socializing and relaxation and I was impressed by the top shelf treatment we received at the Softiel Chicago Water Tower. The seamless transition beginning with curbside luggage service to prompt, courteous room service was executed by a staff well trained in hospitality.Hotel employees took a special interest in where we were from and our weekend plans. We especially remember Vera and Paula for being pleasant and helpful. In addition,Chef Martial Noguier prepared delectable off the menu vegetarian dishes to accommodate my dietary choices. When you’re in Chicago, experience this.	
Oct 24 2009 	Lovely Place So-so Value	Here for five nights stay. The location is great on the upper end of Mag Mile but off the madness by two blocks, so nicely quiet. The building itself is impressive on outside, inside is interesting (but not as daring). Front desk staff pleasant, concierge staff helpful. We had a 16th floor room with great city view. Rooms still felt new to us and very clean. Bathroom was big and nice to have separate shower and tub (though not very deep). Housekeepers were always very friendly and tried very hard to please.It is a lovely place, but I will agree with a previous reviewer that I was expecting a bit more 'wow' I guess, based on all the glowing reviews here. I know hotels are especially expensive in larger cities, but I feel as though for the price the room was small, and how much contact does anyone really have with the staff anyway on average? Also have to pay for wifi; no pool. When we travel we're usually out almost all day and part of the night seeing the city/location anyway, so time spent in our room is usually minimal. Lesson learned...again. (FYI, I know the Drake and the Palmer House have lesser ratings, but their lobbies alone would be worth trying a stay it seemed.)	
Oct 24 2009 	Great location	We stayed at the Sofitel for a weekend getaway. The primary reason we chose the Sofitel was its location, and it did not disappoint. Short walks to the Hancock building and Rush Street were just what we expected. The bell staff were also extremely courteous and helpful. Though a tad small, our room did have a good view, and the wifi connected easily. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was huge. It was also very quiet, which made sleeping easy. We would definitely stay here again, as this location is just hard to beat.The only negative we had was that we booked through Orbitz, and the staff did not have our reservation in the system when we checked in. They were able to quickly locate it, however, and to be fair, I had not confirmed the reservation prior to our arrival.	
Oct 19 2009 	Above all else fantastic staff!	A clean, modern hotel in a great location, good design, good food, good bars; all very well done. What marks this hotel out above others is the extreemly good level of service from all members of staff. The attentive yet discreet attentions of everyone I met was just right, something very few hotels seem to get right, well done Sofitel !	
Oct 16 2009 	Cute Comfortable Cozy	This hotel is in a great location. Close to everything you would want to do downtown (Shopping, eating, sight seeing, etc.) The rooms are average in terms of design but they are new &amp; extremely clean. Wonderful bed. The front desk staff was extremely nice &amp; helpful. The lobby is beautiful and chic. The gym is small but adequate ( they provide complimentary refreshments, water and towels in the gym). The only CON about this hotel is that there was a dried of piece of chewing gum on the railing in one of the elevators and no refrigerators :(	
Oct 12 2009 	Deserves to be #1	I picked this hotel solely because it was #1 on Tripadvisor. I loved everything about it. The hotel is perfectly located at the beginning of the Magnificent Mile, about 2 blocks of. Very quiet. Genuine and friendly staff, very helpful. The beds are extremely comfortable, you don't want to leave them. The rooms are nicely equiped and super clean, including the bathrooms. I didn't eat there at all, I do think cereal and a banana for $10 is over the top, escpecially with all the great restaurants in the area. The gym is top-notch. Really enjoyed staying there. Would go back in a heartbeat.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location friendly staff	Traveled for the weekend with 1yr old and spouse, and we had a great weekend trip! Location was great: close to shops, nice and casual restaurants, and easy to access the El or cab. Rooms had great bathrooms, were a bit small, but we also had a crib in there with us! Our son cried a bit before going to sleep (naps and nighttime), and when we were leaving the room once our neighbor was shocked we had a child in there...so walls must keep noises in neighboring rooms to a minimum!! Nice hotel bar, too!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel-even for babies	We stayed at this trendy French hotel for 2 nights with a baby in tow. We were intially conerned that it might not be family friendly. We were way off. The first thing that I noticed when we first got there was how incredibly friendly each and every staff member was to us-from the bellman to the extremely professional and customer service oriented front desk person-ours was named Steve. The hotel was busy during our stay as it was the Chicago Marathon weekend but though the lobby was buzzing with activity, service was unhindered. Our king room was on the 25 th floor-nice city view and had a beautiful marble bathroom and a super comfy bed. Not a huge room but that was ok as we could have upgraded to a larger one but didn;t want to. We had requested a crib and a fridge for the baby and they were sitting there when we walked in. Room was quiet and temperature control was perfect. For convenience we had pricey room service supper the first night and food was excellent and delivered hot. We also had 2 breakfasts at the cafe there and again though pricey it was excellent. Croissants and crepes were the real deal and the wait staff was friendly to our baby. So for us the customer service sold us on this hotel and we would recommend it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Fabulous view great beds wonderful bathroom	Boarded the train at Elmhurst (a local suburb)after a crazy night out with old friends and in a little under an hour we were in Chicago. The area outside the main train station is a little 'shady' but we were soon in a cab heading for Sofitel Water Tower. We've both stayed here before and its location is great for getting out and about. Five minutes from Michigan Avenue &amp; the main shopping area. We were greeted warmly by door-staff &amp; then reception who checked us in very quickly wishing us a pleasant stay. Unlike previous reviewers our experience at reception was good (maybe they've listened to feedback)?  After dropping off cases in room we headed straight to the Bar for one of the nicest smelling cosmopolitan's I've had, even the Monkeyboy said it smelt like perfume and it tasted great. I went to taste his beer but noticed glass was cracked. They replaced with apologies, it was an easy thing to miss but a nice touch would have been to comp the beer maybe? We sat by the window &amp; watched the comings and goings including a bride and the various guests dressed in their finery.  Room was great - when booking online we requested the highest room/best view and was given the 28th floor smack bang in front of John Hancock tower (visited 2008 -fab views from that room too!) room 2810 so I imagine all rooms ending in 10 would have similar views? Ice was available across the hall &amp; directly opposite the stairs/fire exit. Bathroom was lush - great mirror &amp; a magnifying mirror great for applying make-up. Slight grumble re lighting in shower as there isn't any but guess that's just poor planning. It's adequate re light from main area but could do with bit of extra light. Bed is so comfy we actually bought one based on a previous visit at a sofitel. This base was slightly softer but nevertheless linens are clean, white and very comfortable.  It's a bit noisy even this high up but mainly due to sirens etc and the A/C which switches on and off at intervals. However I always travel with earplugs so it's not an issue. Didn't hear any-one outside the room at any point.We ate breakfast in bed twice and had a great egg benedict, along with toast and muffin, the Monkeyboy had granola, yoghurt and fruit. Breakfast was served with a huge pot of coffee in a silver thermos so stayed hot and fresh for ages. All in all a great stay, highly recommend the hotel and can't wait for a return visit at some point.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Stay at the Sofitel	Spent a 3 day weekend at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower and very much enjoyed it. The hotel is modern, the staff very welcoming and the location is outstanding. The hotel is very close to all the sights but since it is a block or so off Michigan Ave you don't walk out into a packed street. It's also close to the CTA and taxis queue right outside the front door making it very convenient to get around if you visiting places outside the downtown area. If you like to have wine &amp; snacks in the room (like I do) there's a market around the corner on State and a cute bakery on Delaware.The room was very comfortable with a good layout and enough space for 2 people. We were on the 16th floor looking east so there were no real landmarks in our view but a big view is nice to have no matter what. The amenities provided in the room were great. Enjoyed the use of the fluffy robe and slippers. My only disappointment was the bathtub which is very shallow and not what you would consider a &quot;soaking tub&quot;. But the shower was fantastic- great water pressure. I appreciated the turn down service which included a bottle of Evian.Didn't try the restaurant or room service since there are so many wonderful places to eat in Chicago!Great place to stay- comfortable, modern and stylish. Perfect location. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Outstanding and Luxurious!	We went to visit our daughter who just moved to Chicago. The location was great, and the accomodations and service were superior. The bedding was wonderful !I would stay there again without hesitation!!We were treated like royalty.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel - needs slight improvement on service	Great location in the middle of everything. Short distance to restaurant area, Hancock building, shopping, Watertower, Harbour area.Very stylish triangle building. Minimalistic, yet comfortable interior. One of the best workout rooms we have experienced in a hotel. Reception area an stair to second floor is a must-see.We had a Jr. suite, that were well equipped and roomy. Stylish interior, very comfy bed. Liked the electrically controlled curtains/blinds.Bar were and obviously a popular spot, also by Chicagoans.We would rated the hotel to a clear 5 if it had not been for the fact that some of the service were lacking. To explain a little: the bellboys were very good. The receptionist that checked us in were great, and the receptionist that checked us out was also very good. The room maid were very nice and did a really good job. The bar personell also performed a really good job and made us feel well taken care of.What made this be a 4-hotel instead of top score was; a mediocre concierge service, slow waiters during the breakfast and a very grumpy receptionist (despite the other to very good receptionist. Anyway, all in all a hotel we will return to.	
Oct 7 2009 	small rooms large bathroom good location very clean	Just returned from 3 nights at the Sofitel Water Tower. We thought that a Luxury room would be better than their standard when booking. We discovered that standard and luxury are the same except luxury is on the upper floors. We paid around $210/ night with pay 2 get 1 free deal through their website. The bed was comfortable with feather bed and down duvet, however, the 4 pillows had lumpy synthetic filler. They should have been down as well, especially at this price point. The travertine tile bathroom was large with high end bath products, robes, slippers, loofa, terry mits, nail buffers, cotton pads, q-tips, shower caps, hairdryer etc... The small room was the same size as the bathroom and included a king bed, desk, table with one chair, ironing board/iron and flat screen tv.We were on the 26th floor where our cell phones did not work well. So we had to go to the lobby or outside for full service each time we used our phones. They also claim to have wifi which is not correct since we couldn't find the connection. They do offer complementary access to 3 computers and printers on the second floor. However, it was occupied with conference people during the day. When we checked out, they told us that AT&amp;T service doesn't work well in the hotel and they were working on a solution. They also said to e-mail in advance next time we visit and they would put us in a larger room. I’m not sure if this would really happen since I spoke to someone at the front desk about it the day we arrived after seeing the room. Even though we are new A-club members and they said that we would need to pay to upgrade to a larger room. They give complementary upgrades to upper level members.Staff was very friendly, except Shae from the concierge made me feel like we were bothering her with questions…isn’t that her job?….a smile would have been nice too. Umbrellas by the doors came in very handy with the unpredictable weather. And they get an A+ for cleanliness.Overall, I'm not sure if I would return.	
Oct 5 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	While this hotel is very stylish, the staff great, and the location wonderful, I have a hard time believing this hotel should be number one in Chicago. I all comes down to the rooms and the decoration, styling, and size of the 'junior suites' left a lot to be desired. Though the bathroom was spacious, the shower stall was hardly big enough for my 6'1, 175lb frame, and the tub offered little relief. The color scheme and furniture also seemed a bit out of place. It felt more like an episode of 'Trading Spaces' than a french style luxury hotel. Plus some furnishings were starting to show wear. Maybe I just got a bad room, because everything else about the hotel was great. Valet was gracious without being snooty, front desk staff was friendly and gave no impression that I shouldn't be wearing an t-shirt and jeans to check into their hotel. The bar is just as cool as it look in pictures, but I am a bit puzzled as to why they would put it on the ground floor when most of the other hotels in the class had bars on the top floors.The Hancock building was a quick stroll away as was the Miracle Mile, but there was plenty of good eating and bars in the area. We enjoyed Pippen for some post exploration beers and Fiest for lunch. I think I might try something else for my next trip to Chicago, but this was still a nice place to stay for a long weekend of fun and live music from America's last surviving grunge rock band.	
Sep 29 2009 	Relaxing and Enjoyable Stay	We stayed for 4 nights in a suite ( excellent rate through expedia). The rooms size and layout were excellent with my only reservation being the furniture was starting to show a fair amount of wear and tear ( unusual for a Sofitel). The locatiion was very convenient for shopping and restaurants in the area are plentiful. The Tempo Cafe next door is excellent for breakfast. The service and staff at the hotel were first rate. Very quiet rooms with usual excellent bed. No paper at your door and no in room coffee available , which would have been nice. The fitness centre isn't much.	
Sep 29 2009 	(shrugs shoulders) It was perfectly okay	Great location for shopping Michigan Ave. Staff was friendly enough. Concierge made a great recommadation for dinner near Briar Street Theatre (Blue Man Group). The hotel was perfectly......okay. Awesome bed......... Upgraded room was a disappointment. 30 floors up with a view of the high rise condo next to you. I watched a hung over, rich guy smoke on his balcony in his tighty whities at 9 AM on Sunday morning. I paid extra money for that priviledge....although that was not the hotel's fault that he couldn't put on some clothes.Had to pay extra money for internet access in the room. Price for internet, room service continental breakfast, and parking................410$......nice hotel......but not great for the amount of money I spent.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent Location for sightseeing in Chicago	Sofitel Water Tower Hotel in Chicago is certainly in the heart of the city. We stayed there for 3 nights at the end of August whilst visiting a friend also. We picked the hotel as a result of the strong positive reviews on Trip Advisor and it was No 1 on the site also.It is certainly a very nice hotel, not as wow as I was expecting but I was not disappointed with it as an experience. We had our room upgraded on arrival as a result of our friend chatting to the concierge while we were checking in and it cost us about an extra $100 in total for the 3 nights. We ended up with a suite which consisted of a large bedroom, king bed, flat screen TV and wardrobes. Sitting room leading off the bedroom had double doors and it had desk, couches and another flat screen tv. Bathroom had double sinks, large shower and Jacuzzi bath with toilet.Room was nice and quiet and you would not hear a lot going on outside at all. Beds were definitely very soft and after 3 nights we were struggling with our backs as we are used to a hard bed at home!We did not eat or drink in the hotel during our stay as our friend collected us each day and we did not spend a lot of time in the room as a result.We used the gym on two occasions, and it is small but has everything you might possibly need (fresh fruit and water available for guests).My only disappointment is the views, no matter which floor you are on, you can only see other buildings around you, we were looking into a block of flats and could see right into the bedrooms and dining rooms etc, not the hotels fault but am sure some of the other hotels have better views if that is what you are after.The staff all appeared to be friendly and courteous, room service was good and could not fault it as a location. Walking distance to anywhere you might want to go in centre of Chicago. Booked the room directly on the hotel website as it was the cheapest of all the websites offering the hotel rooms. If I was travelling back to Chicago would stay there again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent hotel and location	After extensive internet research (particularly trip advisor reviews) and assistance from family living near Chicago, we d Don't worry - as soon as you sign  ecided on staying at the Sofitel Water Tower hotel. We were not disappointed! Extremely well appointed rooms and very comfortable beds. The concierge staff were very helpful and produced 'direction cards' upon request to all of the major Chicago sites. The location is excellent - near enough to the Magnificent Mile, but set back in a quiet area. My only (minor) complaint would be the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Excellent breakfasts available at the Tempo cafe which is virtually next to the hotel	
Sep 13 2009 	Probably a good business choice	But on a holiday wearing shorts and sneakers we felt we were not welcome. We felt it a pretentious business hotel. After almost 3 weeks of travelling, we choose this hotel from its ratings to end our trip in style. Got a great rate and was looking forward to our stay, and the room was great. After 3 weeks with free internet at even the most mediocre hotels, it is a change that you now are charged USD 10 if you need to go on-line, we had forgotten that when on a business trip, you have to pay extra no matter what you need.We had booked and paid room and breakfast in advance and gotten an email confirmation. When checking out, I was informed that this was not registred in their systems. They could not solve the problem on the spot and all they could suggest was for us to sent an email. We did and problem was eventually solved. But the feeling of distrust and the fact that it was I who had to prove their systems was malfunctioning, made me fell uneasy.	
Sep 12 2009 	Staffing issues let this place down	To start with the positives: - Good value for the quality of the room and location, which is excellent for a short stay - Room very well furnished and well decorated, with great views from a higher floor (and I think the views lower down would probably also be not half bad) - Everything clean enough, although bath had some rather odd scratches and the sink overflow could do with a deep clean, there were a few black stains visible when I bent down towards it whilst brushing my teeth. - Soap appeared to be vegetarian (although no way of knowing with the shampoo and shower gels, which wasn’t so good – vegetarian guests want to know that kind of information)- Clear emergency exit signs, and checking the fire exit I found it was completely clear and I had confidence that the place was safe, with a smoke detector and I think a fire suppressor (sprinkler) in the room- Very quiet, with no noise disturbance from other rooms, the corridor or outsideGood quality flat screen tv able to accept HD television, with a good range of channels including HD- Excellent air conditioning – could go cool without becoming too noisy- Free and very rapid internet / printer in the business centre, good quality machine and screen, and clean keyboard and mouse- Allowed early check-in, as the room was already open – which I thought was great, although obviously that is just luck - A highly professional manager who sorted out some serious problems that arose during my stay….So, with such a lot going for it, it is a pity to report that there were some negatives that badly spoiled my visit….A few minor negatives to start with - No kettle, tea or coffee – it’s too posh for that, which I find annoying and pretentious. Waking up early I like a cup of coffee before I dress and leave to face the world (and that includes going to a hotel dining room) - it’s poor that some hotels (generally better ones) consider that too common for them. When I’ve asked, I’ve been brought a cafitierre and kettle before in better hotels than this, but given the level of comprehension and friendliness I'd encountered at check-in I didn’t fancy my chances so didn’t bother asking. - A minifridge you cant put your own water in, because it’s one of those spring-loaded things that automatically bills you if you even move one of the bottles already in there. Annoying, but as noted in the “positives”, the ac was good. - Slightly soft bed with only feather mattress and pillows – I prefer non-animal bedding products but this isn’t an option. And then the real problem, which is the reception and concierge staff….- Check-in was about as limp as I’ve encountered. She struggled with my fairly simple English surname, and hadn’t been taught to repeat letters spoken to you, so it took longer than it should for her to understand my fairly simple surname. “A” “E?” “No A, for Adam” “E?” “No A”,.. Painful, and heaven help people with less common surnames. I suspected she was French, as the A/E thing can happen with native French speakers and my French is awful so I'm not being anti-French. No welcome, no explanation of any facilities (are there any? After leaving I heard there is a fitness centre, but wasn’t told so wasn’t aware of it), and she was already walking away when I got to ask a question “is breakfast included in my rate”, which met with a simple “no” – not a “No, but you can buy it…….or no, but there are nice cafes nearby”, just “no”., and she was gone, so lucky I didn’t have any more questions. I don’t like gushing welcomes, but basic hospitality is important and it was absent. - Checking out I asked for directions by public transport to the airport. The receptionist informed me that was no public transport available, the only way to get to the airport was by taxi, it cost “about fifty bucks”, and I could get one from outside. I explained that I prefer not to travel in motor cars / automobiles (no good reason – I just don’t like them) and had never been to a big city airport that couldn’t be accessed by public transport of some form, be it a train or a bus (I'd arrived in Chicago by train, my first visit there, so it was a genuine question I needed an answer to). Again he insisted it just wasn’t possible. I said I found that simply incredible and said would go to the internet machine nearby and find the route myself, at which point he went to confer with a colleague and returned with a nicely printed out direction card for the simple, cheap ($2.25) and quick (1 hour door to door) route from the hotel to O’Hare via the metro. No “I’ve just learned something” or sense that he’d learned anything that would help him serve future customers, just the same blank, limp, half-baked, can’t give a damn attitude I’d already encountered there.I wanted to pay cash (gives me a better exchange rate) and that request was met as though I’d said something a bit weird. I’ve paid cash in other American hotels, no issue at all, but to this person it seemed odd. He went to check that it was okay, and I was transferred to another staff member who took my money. She was the same as the others - no engagement, no energy, no understanding that transactions can be courteous and friendly and don’t have to be monosyballic and no-eye-contact- got-over-with-as-soon-as-possible affairs. That was the tone throughout the hotel. As I say, I’m personally not hugely into excessive friendliness or fakeness, but the staff at this hotel are on the wrong side of the line and I felt they didn’t actually understand that I was a paying guest who happened to be paying their salary for the time they were dealing with me. It may be they are all new and inexperienced and just lacking in confidence dealing with foreigners, but if that is the case they need some training. It got worse, although I only found out after checking out. My brother, who couldn’t contact me by cell but was planning to check into a nearby hotel with friends, had arranged to call me so we could meet up for dinner – we’d not seen each other for a long time. He called the hotel only to be told I was not staying there – I was actually waiting in my room for his call and stayed in, checking for messages! He repeated my surname several times (he found that they don't know the basic technique of repeating each letter to confirm if its mutually understood - he speaks very clear south of England English, as do I, so it's not as though we have heavily accented English that could have thrown them). He then asked if they would do a search on my first name, as there couldn’t be that many people of that name staying. He was transferred now to the front desk, who simply declined to search by first name, in a sort of “Sorry, can’t help” limp kind of way, which reminded me, when I was told about it, by the half-baked way I was originally “greeted” when I checked-in. So he thought I’d not checked-in and was worried about where I was. We met up the next day as I tracked down his hotel via a friend so we did get to meet up, but I’d missed the dinner the previous evening and one friend I didn’t get to see as he’d left town in the morning. I returned (I had to collect my bag from the concierge en route to the airport) and asked the concierge if I could see the duty manager (it was early evening, and I didn’t expect the hotel manager necessarily to be there). “Duty manager?” he said incredulously, as if he’d never heard such a term and needed it explaining. “Yes, the manager who is on duty”. “Oh, do you have an appointment?” “No, I have a complaint – do I need an appointment to make a complaint?” “He is over there” (he pointed to the guy near him on reception). Appointment indeed! What absolutely second-rate impertinence. The manager couldn’t find any record of my stay on their system, and it was only when I produced my receipt that he explained what the problem was – I’d been booked in, unbeknown to me, with my surname and first name reversed. He said that should have been sorted at check-in. He agreed, however, that this didn’t explain why his staff had declined to search for me by first name as well as second name when asked to do so by my brother. I complained to him not just about this, but the general poor quality of reception and concierge service I had received – one of them was standing nearby and was literally gawping at me as I spoke to the manager, too poorly trained to understand that this type of “audience” can only exacerbate a difficult conversation. Professional front desk staff know how to behave and with the exception of the manager the people at that front-desk didn’t have a clue. The manager recovered the situation with a fulsome apology, and, I have to hope, an understanding that he needed to sort out some staffing issues. He made a courtesy reduction on my bill which made me feel his apology was a sincere one and this retrieved the situation so I’d consider staying at the chain again – I explained to him I’ve stayed in other accor and Sofitel hotels outside the US and always experienced good service in the past. So I don’t feel as if I can actually recommend this hotel at the moment. I am returning to Chicago next year and I'd like to stay, but I'd want to know the staffing situation had been sorted out. Currently, there are staff who don’t know that they should know the names of their guests, that they should be prepared to look at a simple list to locate a guest when someone wishes to speak to them; they don’t know that they shouldn’t be phased when someone wants to pay in cash; they don’t know that part of their job is to briefly summarise available facilities; they don’t know that it is provocative to ask a customer with a complaint if they have an “appointment” to speak to the manager who is on duty a few feet away; they don’t know that there is a metro to the airport and that it is wrong to insist that you can only there by taxi. This catalogue of half-baked, rude and ridiculous incidents involves several staff, not just one, so I think it’s a total culture change they need – if I was a high-up person with accor I'd consider closing the place for a week and training up new staff. I would repeat, however, that the manager was professional and courteous and did apologise for the errors, so there has to be some hope there I suppose.	
Sep 12 2009 	Brilliant	Was really surprised with this hotel.Great experience, will return!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Quiet Retreat in the Heart of Everything	We stayed for 4 nights at the Sofitel, and I cannot say enough good things about it. I read a lot of reviews of a lot of hotels in Chicago before making a selection, and had not been in Chicago in 8 years, so I didn't know quite what to expect. This is the top tier of 4-star hotels. The location is superb: 2 blocks from the red line, 1 block off Mag Mile (not on it!), and walking distance to everything. Bus to Boystown (#36) is 1/2 block away on State Street. I was greeted on my very late arrival by a very friendly and accommodating front desk staff who happily granted my request for an upper-floor room. The lobby of the hotel is dark and very soothing; like walking into a calm retreat. The halls of the guest rooms are also darker toned. I never saw a maid's cart except my last day, when I was checking out late; I dont know how they do that. Every staff member was so polite and courteous, from the concierge on down. Housekeeping was excellent. I got a refrigerator in my room at no extra charge. The bathroom is spotless and very spacious, with a nice corner glass shower. There is EXTRA ample storage space for clothes and shoes in both the closets and dressers--unusual these days! Best of all, the room was extremely quiet and the bed was a dream, and I am very picky about those things. Special kudos to the very busy concierge who nonetheless gave me knock-out directions to everything I needed (I dont remember her name, but she was working Friday 9/5/09 late morning). Ok, if I had to say something negative, it is that the 'gym' is about the size of a broom closet, but I have very low expectations of gyms in hotels, so it is par for the course. Also, it is a shame that this and all 'luxury' hotels charge for wireless. Come on! It's just a pain to go across the street and get it for free, but that I did.	
Sep 8 2009 	Elegance and Style	I have stayed here several times, usually weekends with my spouse. This place is my favorite in Chicago. Well appointed rooms, impeccable service, fantastic location. While its not the newest of the luxury hotels in Chicago (think trump ) it by far is the best in overall service. My room ws higher up, city view - definite plus if you can get it - try the breakfast with french pressed coffee - wonderful. Close to many decent restaurants, Tavern on Rush, Carmines just to name a few - and excellent shopping. Everything very clean and nice ammenities. Bar is friendly and accomodating, but also more on the elegant side - a great spot to start a special night out.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nicely located well appointed great staff!	I was lucky enough to be taken here for a 50th Birthday treat, whilst I wouldn't go as far to say it is a luxury hotel it is 'very' nice. Very well appointed and tastefully decorated The staff are great, nothing is too much trouble, all extremely polite. As it was my birthday I had a lovely chocolate dessert brought to the room, scrumptious!We stayed in a Superior King Size room on the 8th floor and had a great view of the Hancock Tower, but not much else. You are within two blocks of the main shopping area, the Magnificent Mile. Easy to find your way around and plenty of shops, eating houses nearby. We didn't eat at the hotel so I can't comment on that but the restaurant and bar area looked really nice.The gym is a bit of a let down, modern machines but the actual exercise area is far too small.Would I stay there again? Absolutely!	
Sep 1 2009 	My kinda town..	Chicago is an amazing city- friendlier than NY, cheaper and just as spectacular. The Sofitel chain is pretty impressive and the Chicago one is great. Excellent location, funky but not pretentious lobby, laid back and casual vibe. We were in shorts and Ts all holiday and no one questioned us once or asked to see our room key.Room was great although a higher floor would have been better but it was a busy weekend and we booked late.The concierge staff were extremely professional and knowledgable - booking us a table at a fashionable local restaurant.We skipped food in the hotel as the choice of dining in the city is amazing. Best for breakfast is Tempo a 24hr diner just round the corner. Get there early though if you don't want to queue.Highlights of the trip include the skyscraper walk, the science museum and the Art Institute. We also went out to Wrigleyville- not to catch a game but to soak up the great atmosphere and try the best ribs ever in the Sheffield Bar micro brewery. I would never have guessed that Chigago would have so many great local artisan beers on offer.	
Aug 31 2009 	Couldn't Be Better	Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent	Stayed 3 nights in July and could not have been more satisfied. Excellent location just a short walk from Michigan Avenue, trendy design and great service. The spacious corner rooms are highly recommended. Will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Convenient location friendly staffs but bed was toooo soft	Sofitel is very conveniently located just a couple blocks from michigan avenue. The staffs were very polite and friendly. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel but I would give a 3.5. I wasn't too impressed with the decoration and quality of furniture. And it was too dark. I found a deal online so overall it was pretty good for the money. However, I am not sure if I would come back for a regular rate. The only problem I had was the bed. I use a firm mattress at home and the bed was way too soft and I had a back pain. Oh, the room was a bit too small but i liked the L'OCCITANE bathroom products.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Choice for solid Chicago Hotel	This Dentist from Denver spent a great weekend in Chicago at the Water Tower. It has a perfect location, and the price was good at $177 a night. Decorations were modern, my wife raved about the bathroom and the service was solid. We had a wonderful stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	Decent Hotel in the middle of Chicago	Great Location in Chicago, just a minutes away from the John Hancock center.We had a lake view room, but even in the 19th floor you hardly can see it. The room was clean and luxurious but not too spacey. Really nice equipment in the room.For parking do not use the Valet service of the hotel, as it is 47$ for 24h. If you do not need your car every hour use the 900 North Michigan parking garage for 34$ for 24h.	
Aug 28 2009 	Awasome Hotel.........	Fom the moment we arrived on Thursday until checkout day Monday, the staff members at the Sofitel Chicago Tower made us felt very special. I couldn't have picked a better Hotel in Chicago to Celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. The room was absolutely incredible ultra modern and luxury, very spacious, spotless, great amenities, the bed was SO comfortable, the gym is small but have the perfect equipment to do a great vacation workout. A special shout out to the entire staff who could not have been more accommodating. Thank you very much for made our stayed in Chicago the best and we would definitely stay there again. MM	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Chicago Hotel	Stayed here for the first time about a month ago. I highly recommend this hotel. Three things I look for in a hotel while traveling is clean rooms, comfortable beds, and easy access to surrounding attractions. This hotel has all three and a beautiful bathroom. I actually booked this hotel for our October visit and not the normal hotel I would normally stay at in Chicago.	
Aug 26 2009 	Awesome location awesome hotel	I stayed for four nights while attending a conference. The hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to Michigan Ave shopping or Rush St., but just off the busy streets. The room I had was spacious, and very well-appointed. The staff was friendly, and the fitness center, while not huge, was well-equipped and clean. I've stayed at a number of hotels in Chicago, and this one is my favorite. Internet wasn't free, but at $10 for 24 hours is cheaper than most business hotels, and it worked very well.	
Aug 25 2009 	Fabulous Accomodations	We stayed 3 nights in a Prestige suite at an advertised rate of $254.00 per night. The suite was beautiful and spacious with flat screen TVs in both the bedroom and living area. Bathroom was large. Everything was immaculately clean. The bed was soft and comfortable with down pillows or you could get other pillows if you are allergic to down. We had no problems sleeping as we do in some hotel beds. The hotel is very contemporary and our only complaint is that the couch in the living area was not very comfortable for reading the morning paper or unwinding after sightseeing. We had one meal in the restaurant - dinner - and the food was excellent. We got the fixed price dinner that included dessert, but we had to leave for the theatre without it. The wait staff told us to defintely stop in after the show because they would be opened late and we could have our dessert then. That's exactly what we did and they greeted us warmly and made us feel very special and not as if we were imposing for coming back. We used the concierge twice, spoke once to housekeeping, and used the doorman for taxis many times. We had a car one day/night from Enterprise (next door to the hotel) which made it convenient. The hotel overnight parking is very expensive but we had no wait for the car when we needed it. Everyone was always friendly and accomodating. It was our first stay at a Sofitel, but it will not be our last.	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent as usual-one gripe!	I am a retired London cop and holiday every 2 years with my wife, but we try and do it in as much style and comfort as we can. I have found that booking a suite in a Sofitel is not cheap, especially bearing in mind that we used to spend $40 per night for a motel room when travelling with the kids. However returning to a Sofitel suite after a hard days sightseing is an absolute pleasure. Their beds really are like marshmallows.The Water Tower Suite was much larger than our New York Suite and a real thrill. 17 floors up with glass walls was a bit of an eye opener for this Brit. The lounge was large with 2 couches, desk and a large 40&quot; widescreen Plasma, mini bar, and footstools. The bathroom was my wifes favourite, separate bath, shower and WC, glass doored inside, with all amenities. When I rang housekeeping about our hairdryer a new one was brought within 10 minutes. We took advice from trip advisor members and avoided an apparently expensive hotel breakfast instead grabbing a bagel etc nearby. We used 'Tempo', almost next door, once for breakfast but found ther portions just too big to handle and a bit of a waste of money for the average UK appetite. We ate at the hotel on our last morning and wished we had eaten there more often, especially the basket of pastries. I urge you to eat there early in your stay, I wish I had. Buy a 'Go Chicago' Card for at least 5 days, excellent value. Use the Italian restaurant on Main St, opposite 'Chilis' its cheap and magnificent.My only complaint about the Sofitel , and I raised it with them so have no qualms about listing it here, is that they expected me to pay for Wi Fi even when paying $300 per night for a room! Get real! For the cost of a cup of coffee I could go to the ING Cafe across the road or Starbucks around the corner and get it for free! It's time premium hotels started to be realistic about this, and to be honest it left me with a bad taste in my mouth that after taking $300 per night, excluding breakfast, they would hook up with a service provider and try for another $7.50 per day.In conclusion the room was great, the location was excellent, use the Chicago Card, do the walking tour for the architecture, visit the Frank Lloyd Wiright studio and tour and you'll relish your time in Chicago. I know we would love to return and stay at the Sofitel.RegardsPHIL KING	
Aug 19 2009 	The best in Chicago	The service is really something in this place! After reading the reviews we decided to stay here and we don't regret. Overall is a bit pricy but it worth it.The restaurant is great and we saw the Chef himself which is a celebrety in town.Pizano's right on the corner is a great restaurant as well.I'll be back for sure!!!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic stay	My partner and I stayed here, because people were staying at our condo who were in town for our wedding. We were upgraded to a suite and received strawberries and wine, an hour after check in (compliments of the hotel). Ellen, who worked the front desk was so wonderful, as well as the rest of the staff for our 4 night stay. Everything about the hotel was first class- almost makes me not want to write a review, so that I can keep this hotel all to myself :)	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent excellent excellent!	Stayed here for 2 nights in November, and had a great day. The decor is stylish throughout, the rooms are large, comfortable and tastefully decorated. The staff are helpful and the location was great. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Amazing!!	I recently stayed @ The Sofitel, Chicago Watertower on 06 August 2009 for 1 night. I was originally booked at The Dana Hotel, but the hotel ended up being TERRIBLE, so I Checked out of the hotel immediately &amp; moved to the Sofitel. Upon arrival, I wanted to see what the room would look like &amp; Jeffrey at the Front Desk was incredibly polite &amp; offered to show me the room----Mandy was also great @ the front desk--The Room was beautiful, (#2816) with a slight view of the lake--AMAZING bed, great room service, L'Occitane en Provence bath amenities, LOOFAH in the tub (the hot water did take a couple of minutes to get really hot, but this wasn't a problem)---Very quiet room, perfect A/C, etc. The Concierge (Justin) was really great---super friendly! The location is really great (5 min. walk from MICHIGAN ave. shops, tons of restaurants, etc.), but the people working there were really nice----they were aware of my bad expereince at the Dana &amp; cared that I was at the hotel---even the bartenders were so nice----Jeffrey at the front desk was the best, as well as Justin --Jeffrey asked how everything was &amp; seemed concered to make sure everything was good----The lobby was really cool &amp; the Floral arrangement were stunning--really creative &amp; Avante Garde displays......Great Hotel &amp; I would def. return upon my next visit to Chicago, which is an AMAZING CITY!!!!!Safe Travels,Best,Patrick W.NYC15th Aug.	
Aug 15 2009 	big league hotel	we were in chicago for four days to catch the Phillies and Cubbies. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor we booked a room at the Sofitel. This turned out to be a great move. This hotel has it all. It's super clean, has a nice location, and the staff could not be better, As others have stated, the rooms are fairly large and have large, well lighted bathrooms. A flat screen TV gets about sixty channels and the bed could not be more comfortable. The concierge was friendly, informitive and very helpful, as was the desk clerk. The staff at the hotel bar was outstanding. The hotel provides free coffee and newspaper in the morning. We ate breakfast at the hotel and it was perfect. There are many nearby restaurants from which to chooze. We liiked Mike Ditkas, located about one block from the hotel. We stumbled onto this place after going to McCormick and Schmicks for an afternoon drink and running into the worst bartender in the universe. We sat at a nearly empty bar for twenty minutes with this boozo looking at everything but us. When we got up to leave this said I'll be with you in a minute. I will never go to another M &amp; S again. Anyway we then went to Ditkas, where the bartender was fine. This was our kind of bar and we ate two dinners there which were excellent. Chicago is a fun city and although we had been there before the Sofitel and Ditkas made this trip A-one. (plus the phillies cleaned the cubs clock). Although we took the El to Wrigley we did use cabs at other times. The Chicago cab drivers must train at Indy. I thought the cops were chasing us a few times. They were good but fast. Should I live long enough and return to Chicago I would stay at the Sofitel.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great stay!	My 15-year-old daughter and I went to Chicago for a 2-day shopping spree. This hotel was awesome! It is about a block away from the Magnificent Mile. We walked all over the place. The beach on Lake Michigan was a 10 minute walk. The location is fabulous. I emailed the hotel a week or so ahead and told them it was a special trip for my daughter. The hotel sent up a plate of chocolate-covered strawberries on our first night. My daughter thought that was really cool. The staff bends over backwards to help you. We used the valet parking (which was $47/day), but it was worth it! The bathroom is huge and all marble. The beds are super comfortable with feather-top mattresses and down comforters. The view was beautiful (looking down on an old seminary), especially at night. One thing I didn't know - if you don't request top sheets, you won't get them. We asked when we realized we didn't have them, and someone from housekeeping brought them up right away and even put them on the beds. Great stay at a great hotel!!! We would definitely go back. Two things I would have liked - a coffee pot in the room or free coffee somewhere, and free internet. Those are the only 2 things I would change. :-)	
Aug 12 2009 	Wow... Haven't been pampered like this in a while	Truly amazing hotel - expensive but worth it. Hotel is gorgeous, room is fantastic and the bathroom left me quite spolied. Great location, 5 minute walk to the Magnificent Mile right at the John Hancock building. Service is impeccable, I especially liked the fact that when it rained the bellman offered you an umbrella when leaving the hotel, this was a nice touch. It's never fun to be away on business, and this was the first time I would have been happy to stay longer! Food was also incredible - be sure to splurge and be prepared to be spoiled!	
Aug 11 2009 	Good overall stay	I typically stay in 4 or 5 star hotels around the world and I am familar with the Sofitel brand from Europe and Asia.Good points:- Location - just a few moments from Michigan Ave- Rooms - clean, good amenities and all you would expect from a 4 / 5 star hotel- Business centre - 3 computers to use (although very busy during the day)- Gym - small but usable with fresh fruit and water machine- Chic Picnic - Got this package which gave us a picnic with the stay. It rained on the day we had booked and they were kind enough to take back the basket and restock with fresh food the next dayBad points:- Check-in - slight confusion with my booking at check in - I was on the chic picnic package but their system did not show this. However, it was sorted out in the end- Loyalty perks - I am a platinum (top tier) a-club member but did not get any benefits. Free upgrade (subject to availability) was apparently not available. Requested my free 'gift' on arrival which I qualify for, was promised something but did not receive anything- Bed - far too soft. Not good if you need support or partaking in other 'activity'!Tips- Booked on hotels.com and got a very good rate - book in advance - Got to the restaurant next to the hotel for bfast (out the door and turn right) - get there early though as queue build- If going to Lincoln park don't bother with a taxi, the bus from Mich. Ave goes straight there- Take a Chicago food tour- Book lunch in the John Hancock tower instead of paying to go up. Avoid the buffet though-	
Aug 11 2009 	Loved the Sofitel Experience!	We had the pleasure of spending 6 nights at the Sofitel. All I can say is it exceeded our expectation! The staff are so pleasant and helpful. We celebrated our anniversary during our stay and they left chocolate-dipped strawberries in our room while we were out....plus an incredible picnic basket. Can't wait to stay here again! The location is fantastic too!	
Aug 11 2009 	Sophisticated great value superb location - Chicago personified	We booked a nonrefundable deal with the hotel direct and got a great rate on a junior suite.The rooms are very well equipped and modern, with far more space than I have experienced at other, more expensive alternatives. Staff were very helpful indeed and the restaurant and bar are destinations in their own right.The location is spot on, only a short walk from Michigan Avenue shopping and within easy reach of all the sights and nightspots.All in all one of the most successful choices in many years of travelling. Also the first hotel I have stayed in that I felt compelled to review!	
Aug 10 2009 	The double beds are horrible	My wife and two children stayed at the water tower with a great three day rate. The room was a bit small but overall all right. The beds however were REALLY BAD. After one night of sleeping slanted to the right and almost rolling off and not sleeping at all I told the front office staff. They showed up with five people to &quot;inspect the so called lopsided bed&quot;. After they saw the bed and my wife's bed was just as bad they moved us to another room on the top floor (which was nice). We received the same type of beds (cruddy) but not lopsided anymore. Completed an on-line survey and they said they &quot;apologize&quot; for the poor beds. Only reason I would recommend is for location to Chicago red line and public transportation and the thinking that their King beds would be better.	
Aug 9 2009 	Very comfortable and great location	I stayed for 3 nights for business and found that the hotel lived up to its top rating. It was very posh, had 24 hour fitness center, good ambiance, good location and top notch staff. My only complaint was on the desk chair. While beautiful and nice to look at, it's not quite functional and much too low for the table to actually do work. I had to use the lounge chair which wasn't as comfortable to work. Otherwise everything was perfect.	
Aug 9 2009 	Fabulous friendly French	This was our second stay here over the past couple years. Thanks to QuickBook, we managed a terrific deal on the room (about 35% of the list price). We stayed in a &quot;Superior&quot; Room, which while a bit small, was more than comfortable enough. The room was very clean and quiet, and the bed very comfortable. What stood out, though, was the friendliness and attention to service provided by every single employee. It seemed like they went out of their way to make sure our stay was memorable. Great look, great location.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location clean great service	flew in for 1 night for a business meeting.faultless, great location only a few minutes from Michigan Avenue. Great staff, great bed.	
Aug 5 2009 	Comfort and service extraordinaire.	My husband and I enjoy time away from home to relax, sleep, eat and sightsee so Sofitel Water Tower with a view of the Hancock Tower was a good choice. Our king bed was super comfy and the housekeeping staff actually heeded the 'Do Not Disturb' sign outside. Bathroom was enormous with a beautiful shower and tub. Robes, slippers, mini-bar are high quality and the room service was also quick and well done. (Morning french press coffee is superb.) Service means something here. I forgot my BB charger in the room. A call and it was couriered, actually beating me back home.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice hotel	We paid $305/night and i think it was worth. Great location, great rooms, the view was ok (not wow), room was clean and modern, spotless bath, beds were SUPER. Nothing excessive though, so I would not pay more than this price. We haven't used the gym or pool but they look small in pictures. $50 valet parking... I guess $305 is the Maximum I would pay for this hotel. DO NOT go to Tomo's cafe next corner, like one review here recommended, Lousy place!	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Location Not worth the hype	Furnishings a little shabby, lobby is chic. Service was a bit condescending. We were there for our honeymoon and they brought champagne up, didn't knock and just came into our room, where we were in bed. I complained to management and was offered an apology, but not a very heartfelt one.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great weekend stay at the Sofitel!	I had the pleasure of spending the weekend in Chicago and stayed at the Sofitel. Everything was great! After check in, I was upgraded to a lake view room on the 28th floor after utilizing my A club card. If you don't have one, I would highly recommend applying. It's free. I had brunch on Saturday and Sunday at the hotel restaurant and it was excellent. They never disappoint :) A+	
Jul 31 2009 	Wow! Great stay....	I have stayed at a bunch of Chicago hotels over the last year and I have to say that this one had it all. I got a rate of about $200 on Hotels.com for a Monday night. I asked for a room with a nice view. They gave me a beautiful room on the 31st (it might have been 30th?) floor that looked directly out at the Hancock Tower and had a lot of filtered views of the lake! The view was unbelievable! On my most recent stay I was at the Knickerbocker (about two blocks away) and while the rooms were nicely appointed, the Airconditioning was horrible and the rooms only looked out at what I believe was the Westin. No views at all. The staff at the Sofitel really stand out. They were eager to please and very polite. The rooms were spotless, the A/C worked great, the bathroom was modern and wonderful. I usually have complaints at hotels and I can honestly say that I had a great and carefree stay at this hotel. I can't point to anything that wasn't perfect. Keep in mind, I'm not saying that this is a Four Seasons but its not priced as a Four Seasons. This place is WAY better than the Knickerbocker, The W, The Hardrock, The Westin, The Affinia etc. This is in a class of its own in comparison to those hotels.It also has a great location.You won't be disappointed! This was a nice surprise.	
Jul 26 2009 	Couldn't have been better	We spent 3 nights at the Water Tower and had the best time ever. We had already been to Chicago before but the concierge was excellent and found great activities for us as well as recommending restaurants and making reservations. Great service...The hotel itself is beautiful and stylish and comfortable with amazing views. We use Sofitel a lot but this is probably one of the very best ones we have stayed at. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location rooms a bit disappointing	We have stayed at other Sofitels and found the rooms at this one a bit disappointing. I confess, I was surprised after all the rave reviews on the site. There was nothing actually wrong with the room at all, but it seemed a bit dated in comparison with the rest of the hotel. The lobby bar and public areas are all really funky but the rooms seemed fairly bland in comparison. Having said that, despite the styling issues, the room was very comfortable, had a great view and was quiet. The bathrooms were lovely - as usual for a sofitel! The breakfast room seemed very small for the size of the hotel and on one morning there was a 20 minute wait for a table - although on the other days this wasn't a problem. Food was excellent and service at breakfast was good. We didn't eat in the hotel in the evening (there are so many options in Chicago) but one evening when we were tired and tempted to stay in, we did notice the restaurant seemed quite high end and there didn't seem to be an option to have something simple like a Club sandwich in the evening. Only snacks/small plates were served in the bar. Again, I found this unusual for a hotel of this size. The location was brilliant - a stone's throw from the magnificent mile and only about 15 minutes walk from the river. We loved Chicago and were fortunate enough to see some of the Blues Festival which was fantastic. My top tip - take one of the (less well publicised) Chicago Architectural Foundation boat tours if you are even remotely interested in architecture. it was money very well spent and you get some great photo opportunities from the river.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good Hotel brilliant location	I have nothing particularly bad to say about this hotel. It was in a great location. Very central to explore Chicago. The room was reasonably large and the bed was very comfortable. Fanstastic high definition flatscreen TV. However the bathroom left a bit to be desired as the shower head fell off whilst I was using it and the bath was quite small.The hotel has a good and large lobby and although we didn't use the bar it looked quite comfortable for a hotel bar. However the concierge was quite unhelpful when we left as there was a problem with the trains and we are going to the airport. She wasn't particularly forthcoming with advice and in fact told us the wrong information as it turned out. All in all this hotel did the job and I would stay there again if only for the location. However it didn't wow me and I'm surprised that it comes out as the number 1 hotel!	
Jul 25 2009 	this is a terrific hotel	we travelled with a group of friends to chicago for the fourth of july weekend. we stayed here based on the reviews on tripadvisor. we could not have been happier.this is a terrific hotel. the location is perfect as a base to explore the city.the hotel and its decor are very modern , so be sure that is what you are looking for. is is very clean. well appointed , very comfortable rooms.  i found the staff to be very helpful and happy to assist with anything you need. there is also a bar , right off the lobby that is comfortable to sit in and review your day. i recommend it more highly.	
Jul 22 2009 	wonderful hotel	Thanks to ratings here, chose this hotel and got great deal online.It is on the upper end of Michigan Ave, but still only a 10-15 min walk to the river along all the shops. Modern and clean lobby and rooms, european style. Little complimentary bottles of Evian with turndown service were a bonus.	
Jul 19 2009 	OMG WOW!	This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at, by far. Heavenly beds to sleep on, spacious rooms, and amazing bathroom with giant tub! The towels were soft and the TV was awesome. The cleaning staff came through twice, once in the morning and once in the afternoon. Best hotel ever!	
Jul 18 2009 	Sofitel exceeded expectations	We wanted to stay near public transit and Michigan avenue and also give our teens a cultural experience and this hotel fit the bill. It does not have the typical ammenities that attract kids or teens, but it offered a look at contemporary architecture and design, provided a French feel, and superb service. Our room was a nice size, clean, unique, and the bathroom was exceptional. Little extra's were everywhere. One downside was the price of breakfast, but this was not a deal breaker. Staff was very accomodating and professional.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Service Location and amenities	Upon a recent stay to the Sofitel Water Tower I was greeted by name at the front desk - the guest servies are above par in expecting guests needs. Room service was quick and quality of food wa excellent. the amenities in the room were great with tub and separate shower, large vanity. COuld have different lighting in bathroom as it was a bit bright - maybe a dimmer. ther ewas a shade for the large window overlooking the neighborhood.Restaurants are 2 blocks away, there is a great cafe across the street, and the hotel restaurant is a bit stuffy but the food is great. I enjoyed the doorman opening the door, remembering my name, and the front desk/ concierge. i would recommend for the business traveller, weekend warrior. One note a prostitute did try and romance me in the bar - but hey that means it is a swanky hotel!	
Jul 17 2009 	Very solid choice--good balance between business and hip	As a business traveler who probably spends 30 nights/year in a hotel (conservatively), I'm usually have a pretty good set of options. In Chicago, I've stayed at the W City Center downtown in the Loop, the Trump, and the Hard Rock. Most recently I decided to take a trip to the Gold Coast area and stay at the Sofiftel.I've stayed at the Sofitel in Washington, DC, and have been impressed by the chain's balance between being hip and being a functional business hotel. The Chicago Water Tower location succeeded on both fronts.The lobby is dark and the decor is pretty hip without being too minimalistic or trying too hard. It's going to be hip for a guy who's used to staying at the Westin or Hilton but for a guy who's used to the W, it's gonna be more businesslike.Check-in was efficient, and the front-desk staff address you by name and ask if you have stayed with them before.Rooms are fairly spacious, with a very comfortable bed and decent toiletries from L' Occitane. Desk space is pretty good, and there is good closet space for longer stays. Rooms are quiet, and you have a good amount of privacy and quiet, even though you're in a fairly busy/hip area.The bathroom has a separate tub and shower, so you can take your shower while your girl soaks in a tub.Room service was decent. I had some kind of club sandwich with some tasty fries. There is a minibar in the room, which is reasonably stocked. I think there is ice service on all floors, as well.When checking out, I realized I had one bag too many and might get stopped if trying to do everything as carry-on, so while checking out at 4:30 a.m., I asked the concierge to ship my computer bag back to me. No problem, they said, and they directed housekeeping to pull the bag and e-mailed me the tracking number soon after. A very nice touch!I would definitely come back here. My next stay, however, is at the Dana Hotel &amp; Spa.	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent - rooms staff food location everything	This place is about my perfect hotel.The rooms are superb and full of luxuryThe staff are excellent, attentive and really superbThe food is excellentThe location is excellent	
Jul 16 2009 	Love love love this hotel	We stayed at the Sofitel about five years ago and really enjoyed it, so when we returned to Chicago last week we didn't look anywhere else. Great location, close to Michigan Ave, the Hancock Tower and public transportation. The rooms are fantastic with great bathrooms. The staff is always friendly and helpful. The bar was packed on Saturday night and the bartenders make a great martini! We had dinner one night at Pizano's across the street, fantastic!We went on to another hotel in another city and we missed the Sofitel!	
Jul 16 2009 	Pleasant but very impersonal	A recent stay at the Sofitel was pleasant. It is well placed but very impersonal. The concierge is well informed but not overly friendly. Having asked if a knowledge of French is ' de rigeur ' to work there and been told 'non' it is surprising to be greeted at all times in French in an English speaking city in an English speaking country!	
Jul 14 2009 	My Favorite Hotel	I'm currently staying in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for the third time in the last three months. I'm someone who is fortunate enough to travel fairly frequently in the U.S. and I go to Europe twice a year. I get to stay in some in very nice places, but this hotel is probably my favorite. i guess I like this place because it's rather upscale, but not in a stuffy way. The building itself is one of the major positive aspects of staying here. It is a beautiful, contemporary high rise. The rooms I've stayed in have always been in immaculate condition and have very nice, spacious marble bathrooms. This is a hotel that may not be right for everyone -- the design aesthetic is very modern. It also doesn't seem to offer rooms with twin beds. The rooms seem to all have king-size beds. But if having two beds isn't a requirement and you don't want traditional decor, this place is hard to beat. Everything about the physical facility of this hotel is really very good. I noticed on this stay that the door to my room has rubber seals around the door frame and a seal on the bottom of the door to help control noise from the hallway. I'm here in mid-July and the air conditioning in the room is great. I can set it to nearly frosty, if I want. There are a lot of elevators for a hotel of this size and I've never had to wait for an elevator for more than a few minutes. Compared to some of the hotels I've stayed in Chicago with problematic older buildings, this place is just immeasurably better. This evening I had dinner in Cafe des Architects, the hotel restaurant, and was very pleased with the good food and gracious service. The prices at the restaurant aren't cheap, but for dining in a first class hotel the prices seem very reasonable. I've found breakfast here to be very nice and the staff seems fully aware that you may require prompt service at breakfast. I've found good prices for this hotel at the Sofitel web site. I'm currently staying here for about $215 per night, for three nights, with a special deal for a $50 dollar hotel credit for dining, etc. The room I'm in is a deluxe king on a high floor with a terrific city view. Compared to other places I've stayed in Chicago, this seems to be a very good deal. A lot of the major chains with hotels in Chicago are as expensive, or more expensive, and they have lousy, outdated, rundown old buildings. There are, of course, some very nice ultra high-end hotels in Chicago. But for those of us who don't want to spring for the cost of the Park Hyatt or the Peninsula (both of which are in the same neighborhood as the Sofitel), I think the Sofitel Water Tower is a really good deal.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel in Great Location	We stayed at the Sofitel Water Tower in Chi-town for our anniversary weekend. I chose this hotel after a month of researching many hotels in the area. We had heard from people that the Sofitel in DC was a very nice place to stay and after reading the reviews on this one we decided to try it. The lobby of the hotel is very nicely decorated and the staff was helpful. Our suite on the 33rd floor had a good city view and the modern style of the room was pleasant as well (I am an interior designer and pretty picky about decor). We also liked the fact that the plasma TV was on a swivel so we could watch it from the sofa, or from the bed. The bathroom was nice, and although the shower was a bit on the small side, I enjoyed the L'occitane (French I assume) spa products offered. The icing on the cake for me though was the bar in the hotel. The atmosphere there was like no other, I could have stayed in there the entire time and they make a great dirty martini. The only complaint I can think of is that the waitress in the bar area couldn't find the NBA semi-finals on the TV in the bar area. She searched for a while then came and told us that she guessed they didn't have TNT. We were a bit shocked because we had just been watching it in our room before we came down. That was certainly minor, so it just goes to show you how well we enjoyed the hotel. The location was great as we were able to walk up to Michigan Ave in about 2 minutes and we walked to the Navy Pier in about 25.As a side note, the Tempo Cafe on the corner has the best breakfast (get the pancakes) and Ditkas (down the street) has a good menu and great food!	
Jul 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel	I was traveling with my wife and two young children and decided to splurge on a &quot;suite&quot; at the Sofitel, given its excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. Although I lived in Chicago for six years, I've been away for nearly as long. Therefore, I assumed from the hotel's name &quot;Sofitel at the Chicago Water Tower&quot; that it was actually in the Water Tower Building. That of course is the Ritz, and the Sofitel is actually a block or two away. When we got up to our room, I was a bit disappointed as I had imagined a true suite with a separate bedroom where we could put our kids to sleep and close the door. When I called the front desk, they indicated that they did have such rooms, but it would be a $50 upgrade/night. We decided to do it, even though we were already paying over $200/night. I'm very glad we did.The the second room was much larger, and we did end up putting the kids to bed and spending the evening talking with friends. One of our friends was pregnant and ended up going into labor that night right in our room. We were able to get her over to Northwestern very easily while her husband went and grabbed the bag with all of their supplies. The comforts of the room were very nice to have in that situation.The only disappointment came when we called housekeeping around 1 PM to have them put sheets on the rollaway bed so our daughter could nap. They indicated they would bring them right up. I called again after 20 minutes, and they seemed surprised that I wanted them right away, but assured me someone was on the way. The concierge even called five minutes later to see if someone had brought them. Unfortunately, we still didn't have the sheets. After ninety minutes, we still didn't have any sheets and it was too late for her to take a nap.I called the manager (Jeff) later in the day to explain the situation. He was very apologetic, and assured me that he would personally make sure the sofabed was made up before we returned from dinner. When we did return, the bed was made and Jeff had even given the kids cookies and milk and a free movie. It was a very kind gesture and much appreciated gesture. I know that lapses in service can occur, but responses like Jeff's make me forget about them and remember the best things about the hotel. I'll definitely consider the Sofitel next time I'm looking to splurge in Chicago.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel!	We spent our 4th of July weekend at Sofitel, and would definitely return again, the rooms are great, the beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are spacious, modern, and well appointed. We didnt try any of the restaurants, however we did hang out at the bar, use the business center to check in online for our flights early, and also found the stocked mini fridge conveinent (fee for food and drinks of course). THis location is walking distance to Michigan and State Sts and also very close to rush st for great bars and restaurants. Tempo Cafe - next door to hotel is also great for brunch or late night dining - just note that they only take cash and tend to have a wait around breakfast/brunch times. You will also be in walking distance to Walgreens for anything you need as well as a Giordano's for great pizza - love this place and would definitely return! We had a basic room and it was just fine for us, since we were out and about most of the day	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Stay	Had a great stay at the Sofitel. From the front desk to the bartenders and housekeep. Great place to stay for the price. Much different from other hotels. Very modern and upscale.We had a problem with our bill because we move some of the item in the mini refrig to fit our left over dinner food. Call the front desk and asked for a small frig and recieved one with no charge. Our bill was fixed and our stay was great. A very quite hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Beautiful.	Simply the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in. The building, staff, beds and bathroom are all exquisite.We don't normally spend this much on a room, but it was worth it.Well worth the price...	
Jul 6 2009 	Location Style and Comfort	We stayed at the Sofitel Water Tower over the 4th of July weekend and it was a very nice experience. The hotel is a bit mis-named since the Water Tower is at least 5-6 blocks away and you can't even see it from the hotel, but that is fine. The hotel is close enough to the hustle and bustle of Michigan Ave to be convenient but far enough away that the traffic is light and the pace is a lot quieter. It is across from a lovely small park and just a few blocks from the nightlife on Rush Street and the condos and rowhouses of the Gold Coast. So a very nice spot to be.Our room on the 30th floor had a commanding view and was very nicely appointed. The bed was extremely comfortable and inviting. Modern art, a flat screen TV, a large desk and an lounge chair with footstool completed the room. The bathroom was very nice with lots of marble, nice lighting and nice amenities. Bring your own washcloth though as they only offer little mitts that may work well in the large tub but are not much use in the shower. Things that were missing that were a little surprising at a hotel of this caliber were a morning newspaper and no in room coffeemaker or free coffee in the lobby. And while the complimentary bottles of Evian water that accompanied the turndown service were welcome, so would have been some chocolates or mints. Check in service was very professional with the desk clerk even walking around the counter and into the lobby to welcome you and hand you your key card.We had an even numbered room and while it had nice city views, we suspect the views would be better on the odd number rooms since they would face Michigan Ave and Lake Michigan.A very nice place to stay. In the neighborhood we would recommend Bistro 110 and Devon Seafood Grill for closeby dining and the Lux Bar off nearby Rush Street for breakfast starting at 8 am.	
Jul 6 2009 	Splendid location and overall feel	I had booked this hotel directly in November of 08 as a gift to my 11 yr old son for one of his Christmas presents. He had always wanted to go to a Chicago Cubs game, and I had never been to Wrigley Field, so really we both got to experience something we have had to yet. Let me start by saying I have stayed in 5 star and 2 stars in my life. I travel all over the world, and you can check my reviews of most of my recent travels. I have rarely complained and feel am a good source for travelers. I chose this hotel due to its' reputation, location and service record. I feel I am not too picky, but do ask that if you tell me you can provide a service, that one should adhere to it. Upon booking this room, I requested a king bed and roll away for our 11 year old. Was told in Novemeber that this would not be a problem over the phone. I then in March called again to confirm our reservation and again requested that there be a roll away for our son. A lady named Bianaca emailed me that &quot; there would be no problem in getting a roll away and there was no problem&quot;.I also kept a copy of this email. So, I was rest assured upon driving 4 hours thand arriving at 11 am all was ok. The hotel itself is wonderful. I felt it was a cross between a Sofitel and a &quot;W&quot; hotel. Very modern, angular and clean. Valet was wonderful, and service was very good throughout. Upon entering the vibe was relaxing. Outdoor eating area, inside bar and lounge. Very nice, again like a &quot;W&quot;. We were greeted promptly by the front desk, and I was given a room right away. Impressive as we were early arrivals. I also asked her to verify that we needed a rollaway. She seemed surprised, I showed her my email, etc...and said no problem. I said we were in no hurry, as we were to get a bite to eat, and got shopping on Michigan, and anytime before 9 pm for the roll away would be fine. We went to our room on the 25th floor. Fast elevators, very clean. Entered our room, it was well appointed, huge bed, plasma, electric powered blinds, and a marble bathroom, that was to die for. The bathroom was 9 by 14 feet and had a tub, huge walkin marble shower, and nice toiletries. Well stocked towels and refridge. Very happy with the room, but the mirrored closet doors kept coming off track and closet space was minimal. Room safe was easy to operate and the provided robes and slippers (altough not used by us) were a nice touch. We unpacked and went down to the restaurant in the outdoor area of the hotel. Very nice, nice kids menu, mostly French. Lunch with drinks(wine) was around $150. Not bad for 3 in a nice hotel and area. We then went off and did some shopping etc. Came back to the room, took a shower and went down to watch the fireworks on The Odyessey ship that we had booked months in advance. After that we went back to the room at about midnight, and there was no rollaway. We called down to the front desk, and they stated they don't have rollaways at this hotel. I said that cant be, I have confirmed twice, along with an email, and again that morning with the front desk. Lets say, we didn't get our rollaway.We set up our son on the floor next to us best we could. The next day we went to a Cubs game, but on the way down I spoke with the concerige, stipulating this whole story once again, telling her I don't want an upgrade, I don't want anything free, all I want is to explain that I was deeply dissapointed that we have been lied to about the rollaway. She then said they DO have roll aways, and I told her, it is beyond that point, our son has made his &quot;nest &quot; on the floor and I just wanted them to know I was not happy with the &quot;run around&quot; and wanted to just &quot;vent&quot; and wanted nothing in return. We ended up going to the game, shopped and came back and took showers and went to Hugo's Frog down the street on Rush. Very nice, simular food to Morton's but a laid back atmosphere. Great service and nice vibe. Came back to the hotel , and room service got us extra towels, turned down the bed and made our son's &quot;nest&quot; a little nicer.(Thank you) That was a nice touch. Check out and valet were extremely fast. I must give a big thanks to Heather to whom was working with us throughout our stay and some prior. What a great person, and asset. Would I go back?.....absolutely. Restaurant food was impeccable, and their breakfasts are wonderful. Just maybe I would quadruple check any requests prior to arrival.	
Jul 1 2009 	Comfortable Suite Great Service Competitive Price	This place has one of the more professional desk, concierge, host, door and housekeeping staffs I've ever encountered Stateside. Absolutely attentive at every turn with no hint that your middling requests are an inconvenience. The Prestige suite features a good sized living room with a couch, love seat and sofa blocks, then a long hallway to an all marble bathroom, then onto a comfortable bedroom. Limited closet space I have to say for such a big room. Food in the restaurants and from room service were exceptionally good.	
Jun 29 2009 	Very Nice wonderful service	The rooms were not huge but very clean and beautiful. THe bed was soft and comfortable. The in-room wireless internet was a little spotty, but ultimately worked alright. The common areas were very nice, with the lobby smelling of fresh cut flowers each day. Very good hotel, with the one outstanding feature being the service...everyone we dealt with was incredibly helpful and friendly. Service sets this place apart.	
Jun 22 2009 	What can I say...	On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. I say stay with as that is how they make you feel, from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return.The rooms are clean, chic and roomy, the beds - the best I have slept in, bathrooms large and super clean.What can I say, my new home when in Chicago...	
Jun 19 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel in a Great Location	The Sofitel Water Tower Hotel was perfect for our Chicago visit. The interior is gorgeous, but it’s the staff that treats you like royalty even if you’re in a pair of sneakers and jeans. This hotel definitely deserves its high ranking on Trip Advisor. Here’s my take on the Sofitel:STAFF--Over-the-top genuinely friendly and helpful. From the moment we got out of our taxi, the bell hops were there to assist with luggage and get us to our room. The front desk had a good system in place. While one person was keying in our information on the computer, someone else chatted with us making us feel even more welcome. Room Service personnel are some of the best I’ve experienced. The Concierge Staff, especially Jacquie, offered great suggestions that really made for a great weekend. She told us about the best restaurants in the area, and gave us great suggestions on what to do, including a beautiful boat ride and absolutely wonderful bike tour. Thank you Concierge staff.ROOMS--Tastefully decorated, comfortable beds and but average in size. All of the needed hotel ammenities were provided.VIEW--I booked a Deluxe Room which had great views of Rush Street, down toward Michigan Avenue. We were 20 some stories up and the view was spectacular. LOCATION--Can’t be beat. Right on Rush and State Street, blocks from Michigan Avenue and shopping. Blocks from the Rush Street Entertainment Area, and blocks from the Lake Michigan Lakefront and Bike Path. All these are must sees while in Chicago and the hotel is perfect for all of them.RATES--You can definitely find a less expensive hotel, but you won’t have the same experience anywhere else for the price.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent! Trendy and Chic. One of the best places to stay!	It is indeed one of the best hotels I've stayed so far. Very trendy. Staff is courteous, room service is awesome, view is amazing, decor is fantastic, I mean almost close to perfect! Just that it doesn't have a swimming pool and spa, and not many food options within the hotel (though room service is very good). I would strongly recommend this to everyone who visits Chicago	
Jun 6 2009 	Outstanding Accommodations	Based largely on the TA reviews, we selected the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for a five-day stay in May 2009. We were not at all disappointed! Our room was comfortable and spotless; the staff was very accommodating, and the meals we had at the hotel left us wanting to come back for more. The location is convenient to shopping and restaurants, with public transit about two blocks away. Considering the level of comfort offered, we thought the hotel was an excellent value (especially when booked early at a discounted price). Without a doubt, when we come back to Chicago we will plan to stay at the Sofitel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great hotel in great location!	Stayed in the Sofitel in November 2008 for a winter get away. Staff very friendly, room huge with comfy bed, lots of space, large flat screen TV and large luxurious bathroom.Location spot on at the beginning/end (depending on where you're coming from) of the Mag mile and near some great resteraunts (Hugos Frog Bar being one of them).Couldn't fault anything and will definately be returning.	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel - would definitely recommend	Have just returned from a 1 week stay at the Sofitel and had a brilliant time. First of all the location is excellent, just a few minutes walk from the Mag Mile. The hotel is very modern and very clean with contemporay decor throughout. We had a King size room on the 28th floor with great views of the city and lake beyond. The bed was very very comfy (and huge!). The bathroom was great with a bath and separate walk in shower , L'Occitaine products and bathrobes. Free water was delivered to our room every night. The reception staff were very friendly and the service great. Free internet access on the 2nd floor, a nice extra touch. They also let us have the room for an extra few hours on the day of checkout, no charge, no fuss - really helped us. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the food. We were put off by the price of the breakfast and thought that staying in the heart of the city we should be able to hunt out our own breakfast for cheaper - which we did!! There is a breakfast place on the corner of the block called 'The Goddess' which serves good coffee, filled croissants, bagels etc. We also visited L'Apetitio many times which is a fab little Italian deli at the bottom of the John Hancock Centre (5mins walk from the hotel on the Mag Mile) - they have yummy toasted sandwiches, croissants, muffins and coffee and you can fill up for a lot less than the cost of a hotel breakfast. Both places you can eat in or take out. Overall well worth the money and I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for modern luxury and excellent service in the heart of Chicago.	
May 28 2009 	It is hard to say more...	We, my wife and myself, stayed there for three days and I have to say that all good reviews here are perfectly accurate. This hotel is almost perfect !!The building is an architectural piece of art, everything seems to be cared in the details, the room, we had an executive suite, is spacious and confortable, everything is new and well kept. The bed is quite comfortable, the marble bathroom is huge with the shower space separate of the bathtub, what is quite nice.The location is perfect, just two blocks from magnificent mile and within walking distance of all Chicago downtown atractions .The staff is perfect, they helped us in a very professional and personal way.The only two things I think they have space to improve are, first is the hotel breakfast that is good but a little pricey ($ 50 for two), there is no buffet, and the food tastes too American to me, I would prefer a more European style breakfast, Maybe it should be better if we had breakfast in some other place. The second one is the fitness center that is too small and crowded, the equipments are very well but the space deserves an improvement, specially in a city with such inclement weather like Chicago !!Overall, this is one of the best hotels I have ever been, I strongly recomend it to everyone !!Last of all I would like to recommend an Italian restaurant, Rosebud on Rush, that is two blocks from the Hotel. It is cheap and has a marvelous Italian food and a quite good wine list that makes us very happy !!	
May 24 2009 	Absolutely PERFECT.	I booked this hotel for a romantic getaway with my girlfriend based almost exclusively on the Tripadvisor ratings, all of which were based on hundreds of rave reviews. Count me in as among the same, this was an OUTSTANDING experience! I travel for a living and know a good hotel when I see it and this is among the top 1% of experiences I have ever had. Splurge and get the executive suite, it was perfect! Strongly recommend passing on the $20 breakfast as the Tempo Cafe is THE place for breakfast, just right around the corner on the same block at half the price (awesome food!). Next time I'm in Chicago, this is the only place I will settle for, location, value, comfort, class, service ... all first class, truly a perfect experience all-around!	
May 22 2009 	Well appointed hotel in good location. Great pastry chef of course!	Stayed 4 nights for cost of 3. Suite was a relatively good deal - comfortable and well appointed tho' on a relatively low floor given the tall buildings in the neighborhood. Service was excellent all around. Hotel restaurant was too crowded (with locals?) to accommodate us on Sunday morning, but concierge steered us to several nice neighborhood alternatives. Delicious pastries in the restaurant and addictive french candies at the front desk.	
May 17 2009 	Extremely good hotel- excellent staff	Absolutely everything is first rate at this hotel with only ONE downside.Charging $47 PER NIGHT for parking is a massive turn off.If you're not parking, this is a first rate hotel. restaurants are nearby as is all possible shopping.Try Japonais Restaurant for an absolutely memorable meal but be warned, either book or you will not get in.	
May 12 2009 	Great hotel. Great location.	The hotel has everything you need for a weekend away (or longer!). Decor is fab and the staff are really friendly and very helpful. Hotel is located about 2 minutes walk from Michigan Avenue, right near the John Hancock building and lots of shops. I always judge a hotel room by the bathroom...this one was lovely! The room was a good size (we had a good sized crib which wasn't a problem in a standard room) and the bed was very comfortable. We didn't eat at the restaurant (just didn't fancy anything on the menu) but we had drinks and desserts in the hotel bar (Le Bar) and they were delicious. Tempo Cafe is on the same street as the hotel (about 1 minute walk) and serves a great breakfast/brunch - it gets really busy on a Sat/Sun AM but it's worth the wait. We didn't drive, but parking at the hotel looked pretty pricey (although I'm unsure of parking rates in Chicago in general!) Nothing bad to say about the hotel or Chicago. Loved it!	
May 11 2009 	Perfect Hotel for First Chicago Visit	Stayed three nights at the Sofitel on a 'third night free' offer - extremely good value. Booked a 'suite' and was upgraded to a one bedroom suite on floor 15. The rooms were great with a good sized living room and a vestibule leading off to the bathroom and bedroom. Floor to ceiling glazing along one wall meant the entire suite was light and airy whilst the orientation allowed it to feel quite private too. Great bed. Good bathroom - although the bath seemed quite high and whilst I wouldn't say it was small (as other reviewers have commented) it is a European size ie deeper than a typical US bath. The service in the hotel is faultless. We did not have to open the front door once, if it rained umbrellas were provided in abundance at the door and the concierge service is excellent and helped with everything from restaurant reservations (and cancellations) to site seeing and TV scheduling....... Well we didn't want to miss the American Idol results. Good location too one block from the John Hancock tower and the top end of Michigan Ave plus easy access to all the stores. Plenty of good restaurants and coffee shops around. Any negatives? well there was no chocolate on the pillow with turndown but I would prefer the cool bottle of Evian provided on my bedside cabinet any day.	
May 8 2009 	Wonderful experience	Stayed two nights in this hotel for our 20th anniversary. The location is fantastic, near great shopping, restaraunts and entertainment. The staff was great. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I wanted to take it home with me! The rooms and halls were quiet and peaceful. The bathroom was incredible, sparkling marble, huge space, impecably clean. The only down side was how expensive it was to park our car. YIKES! Over all we could not have asked for a better hotel and we will definately stay here again. It was worth every penny.	
May 7 2009 	Not amazing but a very nice hotel	Does the Sofitel deserve to be number 1 on tripadvisor? Possibly. It's housed in a great neighbourhood near some lovely bars and restaurants which has a bit more character than the heart of downtown. It is also set in an architecturally very impressive building. The service, especially from the concierge, was absolutely great and they booked us dinners at some very nice restaurants. I also liked the little touches like the free internet and printing as well as the trendy bar with its rather lethal absyinth menu! So why not 5 stars? Well our 'luxury' room was nice but nothing amazing. The bed wasn't that big though it was very comfy and while the room was quite big for a city hotel, I wouldn't say that it had any wow factors. It was also slightly business-like with a pine desk area that could have been lifted from an IKEA catalogue. I also agree with the reviewer below about the bathtubs - they are far, far too small and it really is difficult to have a relaxing soak. So overall it was fine and I certainly didn't regret staying at the Sofitel, but perhaps if I go back to Chicago i'd look for somewhere where the room was a bit more luxurious.	
May 2 2009 	Perfect Location	My daughter and I spent two nights at the Sofitel Water Tower for a college visit. Although we had little time to take advantage of the many amenities offered by the hotel, we found the rooms clean, and the beds super comfortable. As this was our first trip to Chicago we were thrilled by the location of this hotel which is in walking distance to Lake Michigan, tons of shopping, and many other attractions. All of the hotel staff that we encountered during our stay were courteous and professional.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great location great service	We lived close by when we lived in Chicago, on Chicago and Wabash, and purposely chose to return to that area because of the convenience factor. Excellent restaurants are within 5-15 min walk, with shopping close by. Subway (red line) is 1 1/2 block away (Chicago and Wabash). 3-4 grocery stores within 15 min walk (Potash Brothers closest, Trader Joe, Whole Foods, and Jewel-Osco). Service at the hotel was excellent, and hotel room is typical Sofitel standards - not much else to add if you've been to other Sofitels before.	
Apr 27 2009 	I don't get it	Was &quot;wowed&quot; by all the reviews here, so excited about booking for our stay. I am an interior designer and also really love hotels, so judging by the reviews, versus our experience, I can only conclude that we got the stump-end room of the whole place. Our room was absolutely tiny; to get from door to sleeping area, you went down a very narrow hall. Bed was about 9&quot; away from the closet which ran along-side, making it a hassle to hang clothes. I am fussy about lighting; one lamp on desk gave a soft glow, while the uber-modern sconces flanking the bed gave a harsh, in-your-eyes glare--not cool. Bath lighting had only bright and bright as options, again not cool for romantic bath, etc. Bath: Had separate tub and shower, but I am a 5 foot, nine-inch tall woman, and the cheap, acrylic tub was so crampy, there was no nice bath to be had there. Bath toiletries were a European label with &quot;natural&quot; in the name...and all were very chemical when you looked at the label, not a shea butter or green tea extract, etc., in sight, only un-pronounce-able ingredients--yuk! Robe was nice, slippers nice touch. Loofah was nice, but again--could not enjoy in the micro-tub that was no nicer than a Motel 6.Bed was very comfortable--But we think it was a queen, is that possible??? Seemed smaller than a king, my husband swore it was queen-size, while we had ordered king. But plush and comfy. Not good reading light, however.So while we would not stay there again (and in fact, after 2 nights moved to the Talbott around the corner which, while being completely different (traditional vs. super-mod), was very cozy and well-done, it was the A player of the trip to be sure!)--I have to conclude that we must have somehow been given one of the very few extremely average-to-poor rooms of the whole place. Yes, has cool super-hip lobby, slick bar, but so does your average Marriott these days. Devotees, enjoy--But we just DIDN'T GET IT!	
Apr 23 2009 	A 5 Star Experience	Not only was the hotel highly convienient to everything but the service knocked me out. The concierges are first rate ( Thank you Heather and Brian) and so is the rest of the staff. Any request was responded to quickly and with extra courtesy. I had a taxi accident and needed ice for my injuries and the bell man brought up packages of chipped ice wrapped in towels. Another example among many, was a housekeeper who was vacumning, saw me coming and pushed the elevator button so I wouldn’t have to wait. The General Manager ought to be quite proud of his staff. The dining room didn’t disappoint. I enjoyed a wonderful appetizer of tuna tartar with an avocado relish on top. For dessert I was one happy camper. Picture a shallow bowl of pink strawberry crème Anglaise and a white floating island, almost like a fluffy cloud of white poached meringue, sitting on top. Underneath the floating island a scoop of stewed rhubarb was tucked into the bottom of the white puff. I wondered why dishes like this aren’t are more menus and then of course, I realized I was in a French hotel. I say Bravo. And for those of you traveling at different seasons, the chef recreates the dishes based on seasonal ingredients.If you are watching your weight check out the egg white scramble.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Location	I read many reviews here prior to selecting the Sofitel Water Tower for my recent visit and couldn't believe how glowing the majority were...sounded fantastic. After having stayed five nights, I can attest that the hotel is nice and very well situated. Service is courteous and prompt, but not outstanding...I don't think it was anything more than I've experienced at other hotels. If you want a solid, well situated hotel in the heart of Chicago it's great...just not extraordinary. I thought it a little odd that wireless internet access was provided by a third party for less than the hotel's own wired service. That said I would reccomend the hotel and it provides decent value overall.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	Sofitels can be a bit hit and miss, but this one is really great. I had a room on the top floor with amazing views. The room and bathroom were both a good size and very clean. All the furniture seemed very new, with none of the tattiness you see at some of the other Sofitels. As an A-Club member, I got a voucher for a free drink at the bar, which was very atmospheric, with floor to ceiling windows giving a great view of the snowstorm outside. The restaurant was good too.The location is nice, close to some great shopping and lots of restaurants. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2009 	truly great hotel	I do quite a bit of travelling and love boutique hotels. There is something about the Sofitel chain that I feel makes them really wonderful places to stay around the world. I usually stay at Sutton Place Hotel or here and this hotel is better. It's just something they do that makes it better than a lot of other 4 star hotels. Rooms are oh so clean - no dust that you might find in other places. Bathrooms are PRISTINE. Size of room is large but the design still makes the room cozy - just a different feel than your standard avg. hotel room. The hallways and elevators are beautifully decorated and the view from the 17th fl is amazing! The beds have featherbeds so their uber comfy and rooms offer plenty desk space if you are working. The hotel charges for wi-fi in rooms but Tmobile is cheaper per day you can get too. There's a level of quality that makes this hotel my fave in Chicago. There are other cuter more boutique hotels that actually fit my style but Sofitel has for me always been clean, service friendly and consistent most importantly. I like that the staff is courteous, helpful and friendly - professional - w/o trying to be your friend which some hotels do. I'm from Chicago just visiting on this trip but if in Chicago for the 1st time, location in Gold Coast is ideal for restaurants and shopping.	
Apr 9 2009 	best hotel in chicago	myself and my wife stayed here for 7 nights and i have to say that this hotel is excellent. the rooms were large and very clean and the bathrooms again were large and clean.the hotels location is its selling point with everything on your doorstep. we never tried the hotel restaurant simply because there were so many nice places to eat around but it was always busy. staff were very attentive and i had good fun with the bar staff. overall i would tell anyone reading this review to stop wasting their time reading about other chicago hotels as the sofitel was perfect..........i spend around 6 months per year in hotels because of work so i should know !!	
Apr 6 2009 	Terrific Hotel and Location	The Sofitel Water Tower Place is one of my favorite hotels in America. I probably spend an average of 15 nights per year there and have never been disappointed. The location is great - just one block from Michigan Avenue, Water Tower Place, and Two blocks from the high end fashion on Oak Street. Also easy walking distance to Gibson's, The Whiskey Bar, Level night club, Le Coloniale restaurant, and the really rowdy party district up at the end of Rush Street. You will not hear a sound once inside your room.The staff is very attentive without being pushy (I can cary my own bag, thank you). I am often surprised when the parking valet or one of the desk staff remember my name even when I haven't been to the hotel in several weeks.The lobby is spacious and modern and has a great vibe. A very international clientelle stay here. The rooms are well appointed, I believe they all now have flat screen HDTV. The feel is luxurious contemporary and the bed is perhaps the best anywhere. Just crawl under that big Frette comforter, pile up the pillows, and you'll never want to leave.Bathrooms are fantastic. Cream marble and blonde maple finishes. The best designed vanity mirror/light anywhere. Good shower pressure (some bathrooms on outside walls can take a long time to get hot water in winter months) and very nice bath product.All rooms are of a nice size. The upgrade to &quot;executive&quot; (or whatever they call it) gets you a larger work desk and small seating area. Most of these rooms also have a separate tub and shower.If you splurge on a suite, ask for a room ending in 01 or 08. The 01 rooms are on the triangular point of the hotel and have a nice living area separated from the bedroom. Each of these rooms is somewhat unique, as the corner of the building expands the higher up you go. The 08 rooms are even larger still and have an even larger bathroom with separate toilet room, shower, bath tub (no Jacuzzi) and lots of room to spread out.Unforttunately, over the years, many highrise buildings have been built around the hotel, and lake views are very limited. There are still some great views of the city.Le Bar downstairs is a very good spot for cocktails and often has great scenery no matter what your gender or orientation. You can also get dinner served here from Les Architects, the hotel restaurant. Les Architects has always been a good restaurant. However, they brought in a new chef aboout a year ago and the quality has improved significantly. Some VERY good food here.If you want to camp in the room without using room service, there is a Potash Bros. market just behind the hotel and a very nice wine and gourmet food store as well.If you have stayed at the Sofitel in Rosemont near O'Hare and were unimpressed - so was I. The Water Tower Place location is 100 times nicer.I also recommend The James hotel in this same general part of the city.	
Apr 4 2009 	Best place in downtown chicago and i've tried a few	this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality .	
Apr 3 2009 	Good value - walking distance to Michigan Ave lake Water Tower...	I am a new fan of Trip Advisor and Sofitel. My husband and I wanted to get away to the city for a day and do sightseeing. We booked Sofitel since Trip Advisor rated it so high. It fufilled the expectations. We were able to check-in at 9:30am, drop off luggage and walk the couple of blocks to Water Tower, Hancock, Michigan Ave. etc. We'd hoped to catch the sunrise over the lake in the a.m but it couldn't be seen from our window( tho I recommend the higher floors for the view of the city). So it was a fun 10 min walk to the lake in the early hours. Appreciated the earlier reviews of the El Tempe Restaurant for breakfast and Pizzeria Due for dinner - worked out well. There is a nice stocked fridge in the room and the Evian water on the nighstand before bed was a nice surprise. The fitness room is a bit tight for space but had bowls of apples and bananas, nice touch.Absolutely no complaints.	
Mar 25 2009 	Very nice hotel	Very nice hotel with excellent staff. The large room size and exceptionally helpful staff are really what make this place great. I was able to check in early and easily got a large room on a top floor simply by asking for it. I failed to pack an umbrella but the hotel was happy to let me borrow one during my stay. The bathroom was spacious too with lots of amenities and a separate walk-in shower. The room had everything except a coffee maker. If you need coffee in the morning, you can get complimentary coffee downstairs in the restaurant downstairs (which happens to be very good) starting at 6am. If you are on a tight budget, don't look to the hotel bar to save any $$. It's good but expensive. I agree with everyone else--the Tempo cafe at the end of the block is the place to go for a hearty breakfast. Please note, they only take cash. There is also a Starbucks around the corner. For dinner, I highly recommend walking a few blocks to Pizzeria Due for their classic Chicago deep-dish pizza. It's about $10 and you'll have to wait 30 minutes. It's worth every minute! Another good option is Frontera Grill for some gourmet Mexican food (just be sure to make a reservation). Only downside is that you have to pay for internet access from your room. Otherwise, they offer a business center with free internet access.	
Mar 23 2009 	Top floor with a view of the lake	Excellent stay, staff friendly and efficient. We had a large well appointed room on the top floor with a view of the lake, nice bathroom. Starbucks and Potash grocers within a block if you need coffee or beer and prefer not to pay 5* prices.	
Mar 18 2009 	Can't Wait to Go Back	We usually stay at the same hotel in Chicago but decided to do something different. I am so glad we decided to try this hotel!! The lobby smelled WONDERFUL. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was exactly how it appears in the pictures. We will definitely stay at this hotel again. Go ahead and splurge at least once. You'll be glad you did. For a great inexpensive breakfast, try the little restaurant on the opposite end of the hotel named El Tempo Cafe. Nice portions for a great price.	
Mar 16 2009 	excellent hotel - staff so helpful in crisis; can't wait to return	my wife and two teenage daughters stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in late july 2008.unfortunately, our elder daughter took ill on the first night of our stay and had to spend the rest of the time in hospital before she was discharged and considered well enough to fly down to florida.the hotel were brilliant in helping us with her illness, and the reception staff invariably asked how she was doing as we passed in &amp; out of the hotel on our way to visit her in the hospitalnevertheless, the hotel was great and we are determined to return and enjoy the hotel in happier circumstancesthe good things this hotel did for us was arrange for a limo to meet us at the airport, suggest and arrange on our first day (before illness struck) for us to go on a historic river cruise (the concierge got us the last 4 tkts for the last cruise of the day), and also when our daughter became ill in the middle of the night were very quickly and courteously on the scene to see why we were running from one room to another at 4 a.m. they also arranged a taxi and guided us to the nearest emergency room, phoning first whilst we were on our way to advise them of our imminent arrival.in our opinion, there are two massive factors when rating a hotel: cleanliness being the absolute first, and location thereafter. the common areas, bedrooms and bathrooms of the hotel were spotless; towels and bedding crisp and clean; a great range of toiletries in the bathroom. the hotel is brilliantly situated, a safe walk from the main shops and sights in central chicago our daughter's illness had no connection with our stay at the hotel (it was a return of the kidney stones she had suffered some weeks before our arrival in the US), and the care shown by the night staff / security team who responded in the early hours presumably because they had seen us dashing across the hallway on CCTV was exceptionally reassuring in retrospect.the hotel was also good value; had we booked when we first chose to stay there the prices were sensational, but by the time we actually booked a few weeks later the prices had gone up - still reasonable but the first prices were fantastic and we regret not booking then. clearly, if you are in a position to book several months in advance, savings can be made!!	
Mar 14 2009 	We are spoiled now!	We got a good deal on a suite at the Sofitel and decided to splurge, and were not disappointed! The hotel location is fantastic -- so nice to walk just 2 blocks and be at Water Tower Place -- and the property itself is great. Our suite was modern and bright and impeccably clean, with great views of the city. Beautiful, fresh orchids in living room and bathroom, and turn down service with a personalized note and chocolates. Roomy bathroom, bedroom, and living room. The safe that's big enough to accomodate a laptop was great -- most are too small. We had two kids with us and when we called to get linens for the sofabed, housekeeping staff came and made the bed and quickly took care of requests for extra pillows, etc. The concierge was great with restaurant recommendations, too, and didn't try to push us into the hotel's spot. Would love to return! One note... it's not the hotel's fault, but parking is pricey. There's an attached but independent garage, and it cost us $34 a day. Ouch. Would be great if Sofitel could work out some sort of validation / discount with them.	
Mar 10 2009 	good value	Got a great rate here. Very stylish decor and relatively small hotel. friendly staff. We were upgraded for free but supplement for king size bed is a bit steep otherwise. Happening bar. Liked free computers available to use	
Mar 8 2009 	Best Hotel in Chicago	Every thing is top notch at the sofitel. The minute you arrive your are immursed in pure luxury. The prestige suite we stayed in is very spacious and luxurieous. Bath room is great with wall to wall marble. Great service from the staff. Best stay in Chicago!	
Mar 4 2009 	Clean comfortable great location!	Stayed two nights with the better half for a birthday weekend in the city, and we were very pleased with this hotel. We decided to spring for a suite since it was my birthday. We received a very nice rate booking directly from the hotel website; much cheaper than standard rooms at comparable hotels. Our room was spotless, and very well appointed with two flat screen TVs, and a Bose Wave Radio on the nightstand - a nice touch. The staff were always friendly and we were always greeted with a &quot;hello&quot; and a smile when passing in the hallway. Despite the great room and friendly staff, the main attraction of the Sofitel is the location - just steps from some of Chicago's most iconic destinations. Overall, we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Don't mistake high price with high quality.	Great hotel in great location. 2 blocks east to north end of Michigan Ave near Hancock / Water Tower Place and 900 Shops. 2 blocks south to Chicago stop of Red Line subway. Good McCormick &amp; Schmicks across the street. Coffee shop (Tempo) and 2 small markets (Potash &amp; Goddess and the Grocer) on same city block as hotel. Great bed - great bathroom - good (mostly just numerous) staff. Stay here or try other top end properties.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location. Fantastic bed	I read the great reviews in advance and was not disappointed. Everything was pretty much first-rate, especially the bed. The staff were also great.Okay so paying for the wireless was a bit of a downer, but most of downtown Chicago is within easy walking distance, so why are you in your room surfing the web.	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent experience	Went for a long weekend for Valentine's day - from the moment we arrived to the moment we left, the service was excellent. The room (King suite) was spacious and nicely decorated, the hotel is in a great location and the staff were very helpful. Definitely would recommend.	
Feb 19 2009 	Best Hotel I have ever stayed !	Just got back after my Girlfriend booked a Valentines weekend trip to Chicago !What can I say ?? .... She booked a Junior suite only to find they upgraded us to an Executive suite ... Kingsize bed, big flat screen tv in one room .... big flat screen tv with Bose sound system in the lounge area, which also had a nice glass desk with fast internet connection ($9.95 per day) and sofas to relax on. Beware of the mini bar though .. can of Coke $5 !!!We had a nice big marble floor bathroom .. with a big bath and a large walk in showerLike other have said .. the beds and pillows were so comfortable !We didnt eat in the hotel, but had a massive breakfast at the Tempo Cafe next door which kept us going till we had dinner in the evening.The staff were heplful and polite .. the decor of the hotel was very nice and the foyer had nice smelling candles burning .. the location was good ... 200 yards from the Water Tower shopping mall, Magnificent Mile, Hancock Building and the Cheesecake Factory.We cannot fault this hotel at all ... it was awesome .. it was the icing on the cake for such a memoriable trip to a great city !!	
Feb 16 2009 	Great hotel	Fantastic hotel. Staff were great, room was huge (it was a top floor suite) and comfortable. Room service was great. We has no faults at all while here. Location is great as well.	
Feb 6 2009 	I want to live at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower	This was such a nice hotel. the rooms were large and comfortable and the staff were amazing! The location is just a few blocks from the Mag Mile and we walked everywhere. You're also just a couple blocks from the Red Line which got us to The Green Mill and Wrigley Field and shopping in Lincoln Park for just $2.25. The restaurant and bar had excellent service and great food. I would go back to Chicago just for this hotel. It was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. I loved it!	
Feb 3 2009 	Great hotel great location!	We stayed in Chicago for a short break end Nov/Dec 08.Hotel was great. Lovely rooms with little luxuries. Friendly atmosphere, attentive staff. Most amazing breakfasts in the French restaurant. Room service prompt and delicious though expensive. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant for lunch or dinner.Situated on a quiet street just off Michigan Ave. Fantastic location for shopping and sightseeing. Main sights (John Hancock Tower, lake, pier, river, shops) within walking distance. Chicago is a fantastic city with lots to see and do - we wanted to move there after we had visited!!Knowledgable concierge, arranged an architectural river cruise for us which was fantastic. Would recommend this hotel, and Chiacgo for a fantastic break. Would stay there again should we return to Chicago (hope to soon).	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Chicago Hotel !	Stayed here for a family wedding and really was impressed with this hotel ! The location is perfect for shopping and (in warmer temps) walking to some nice restaurants. Rooms are nice with oversized bathrooms. The actual sleeping area is a little smaller than I anticipated, but rooms are kept very clean matching the contemporary style. The front desk is very helpful and the gym is small, but effective with a good amount of treadmills and free weights. Beds are comfortable, but they are soft... Those with back issues take note.Note that the hotel does not have a gift shop or snack shop. A great $1/coffee Internet cafe is directly across the street as is Tempo Restaurant where breakfast is spectacular ! Their staff is friendly, helpful and seem to enjoy their jobs. A great hotel !	
Jan 19 2009 	Unbeatable place to stay in Chicago	Based on other TripAdvisor comments, we booked two nights there this past weekend. Turned out to be absolutely the right choice.1) Great location, just off Michigan Avenue and all the shopping, an easy walk downtown to the Art Institute, lots of interesting streets all around, a few blocks from the lake front.2) Beautiful room, unbelievably cushy bed, lots of bathroom amenities, cool view, etc. etc. 3) Very good French-oriented restaurant in the lobby, Cafe Architects, which also apparently handles the exquisite room service. We ate a light dinner downstairs, had room service, both were excellent. 4) For breakfast, though, ignore their pricey option and go where everyone in the area goes: walk the fifty feet from the front door to Tempo Cafe (www.tempocafechicago.com). Worth the wait, if you have to.5) Really fine service. We had a small issue with hot water, they had a servuice guy at the room in two minutes fixing it. The concierge in the lobby had the answer to any question we had, and, when we said we needed a charger for a cellphone, pulled out a box of them left behind by previous guests!Overall, definitely worth it. And my suspicion is that there are always room deals to be had.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great experience!!	My husband and I had a fantastic stay at the Sofitel! The highlights:-incredibly friendly and helpful staff. They de-feathered my room (I have a feather allergy) without any sort of complaint, and at the convenience of my husband and I. I rarely experience that anywhere - many hotels ignore my requests until I demand it.-our room. The staff gave us a free upgrade from a low floor to a room on the 28th floor with an incredible view of the Hancock and the lake. The bathroom was amazing, the view was (again) incredible, and the bathrobe/slippers were super comfy.-location. We went to Morton's (just a few blocks away) for dinner, and passed a number of other great restaurants on the way.-restaurant. We had an amazing Sunday brunch at Cafe des Architectes. We both got the brunch sampler, and it was absolutely delicious.Overall, it was a fantastic stay. We were nothing but pleased and will definitely stay there again!	
Jan 3 2009 	Amazing Hotel	This hotel was amazing. We had a suite and it was very comfortable. The room was very clean and tidy.It was in a perfect location and felt very safe.The staff were all very friendly towards us and very polite.The free internet was nice although I couldn't seem to get the wireless to work for free and had to use the network cable on the desk.The highlight was the bathroom! Have never stayed in a hotel with such a huge bathroom!Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 3 2009	Great...but not sure all the packages are worth bothering with	Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland, as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them, remember clients clearly from one day to the other, and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting:mmmhh...we got the &quot;I love chocolate package&quot; which advertized: bfast every day, dinner once, snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership, which also advertized &quot; a gift&quot;. So, no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry, &quot;the snack was the gift&quot;. Not at all what the package suggested. That said, bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem.Would absolutely go back, but probably not on a special package.	
Dec 27 2008 	Perfect Choice For A Get-Away	My wife and I take a yearly trip to The Sofitel. The hotel is perfect for our get-away. Rooms are impressively decorated, comfortable and very quiet. The staff is efficient, professional and helpful. The lounge provides a relaxing venue to enjoy a libation and conversation. We ate breakfast at tthe hotel restaurant and enjoyed it immensely. The hotel is very close to shopping areas and the Rush Street restaurant/club area. We look forward to visiting again next year,. There really is no reason to go elsewhere.	
Dec 22 2008 	modern decor nice change	Loved the modern, abstract, and innovative public areas. Food very good. Service very good. And consistent. Would definately stay here again if price was right.	
Dec 11 2008 	Simply FANTASTIC !!!!!	We used Trip Adviser when booking a hotel for our recent trip to Chicago and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is justifiably at the top of the rankings - it's in a great location, stylish but not pretentious, rooms are outstanding with everything and more you could want - and the beds are out of this world. The staff are all extremely helpful and professional as well as being extremely personable. We were made to feel very welcome and nothing was too much trouble. We can recommend the hotel bar for its ambience - we also used room service which was excellent. The hotel is surrounded by great places to eat and drink - we can recommend McCormick &amp; Schmick's right across the street for its fantastic seafood. We'd definitely stay here again when we go back to Chicago.Chris &amp; Viv, Manchester, England	
Dec 10 2008 	Very disappointed!	After reading the Trip Advisor reviews, I was expecting an exceptional stay. I was not impressed overall. The concierge, the view, and the hotel resturant were the highlights. The bed, although not horrible, was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home, and I do not consider myself and extremely fussy person. I was traveling for business, and although not dressed in formalwear, was also not dressed down, but all in all, it felt a bit pretentious to me. There are better options for the money, and would gladly stay at the Sutton Place, Sheraton Towers, or Trump for the similar price and better stay. I would ask Trip Advisor to move it down in the ratings......not #1 in Chicago, in my book.	
Dec 6 2008 	Best hotel ever!	I had a hard time finding a place to stay in Chicago because a very large conference was going on. The usual place I stay was booked up, so I got a room at the Sofitel.IT WAS AMAZING!The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. I didn't really need them besides checking in and checking out, but had no problems.The room is amazing. I was on the 32nd floor, which is the top floor. I didn't have a view of the Hancock tower but instead had a south-east view. I still loved it. I just had the standard king room. Great bathroom, great seating area with chair and sofa and coffee table, and AMAZING bed. The bed was the most comfortable bed you can imagine sleeping on.The bed has a feather top that is about 4-5&quot; thick with feathers/down. Then they have a down duvet on top of that. It's like you are in a sandwich of softness. I slept so well. I never heard any sound from the hallway or other rooms, and I was right by the elevators.The wireless internet was very reliable (T-mobile hot spot). If you don't have wireless, there is wired internet available in the room from the hotel. If you don't even have a computer, there is a business center with computers and internet access you can use for free.The restaurant is not like any hotel restaurant. I would be happy to go out to this restaurant for a nice date or dinner anytime. The breakfast was amazing! Expect to pay about $20 after tax and tip (which includes the main course, coffee, juice, and your choice of toast or a bread basket full of an assortment of french pastries and bread).I had dinner once in the hotel restaurant and it did not disappoint either! The atmosphere is great.The hotel is only 2 blocks from the Chicago/State red line, so very convenient. Cabs are always close by. You are just blocks away from Water Tower Place. Yet there is relatively little traffic outside the hotel. You couldn't ask for a better location.The turndown service with complimentary bottled water each night was welcome too. I guess if I was looking for something to complain about, there was no chocolate on the pillow. heheheheSeriously though, book this hotel. You will have an even more amazing trip in Chicago because of it.	
Dec 6 2008 	Excellent Business Hotel	I have been staying at this hotel a few times each year for a couple of years when I need to be downtown Chicago and must share with fellow travelers how spectacular this place is: excellent location, great staff, attention to detail, comfortable and luxurious rooms and bathrooms, hip lobby, fantastic food, wide screen TVs that are truly wide! It has become my home away from home. Highly recommend to fellow female (and male) fussy business traveleres.	
Dec 4 2008 	Thank You One and all	Simple as this Sofitel Water Tower is amazing. I know, we spent 7 nights in Chicago, 4 at Sofitel, 3 at James Hotel, Sofitel was less expensive and by far way ahead in every department. We knew it was a special place once we entered main door, not one single complaint. Our room on 30th floor was superb with every luxury imaginable. Room service has to be experienced to be appreciated, turn down service, complimentary water (we were charged 8 dollar at James) was lovely. All in all staying at this hotel made our trip, cannot recommend it highly enough. To the management and staff, congratulations and very well done. If I return to the wonderful city of Chicago there will be no other place for me.	
Nov 23 2008	one of the very best hotels that we have stayed in	Now know why this is such a highly rated hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed our four night break -to the extent that it could almost be classed as one of the holiday highlights. Normally we like a good buffet breakfast which comes as a brunch to newly arrived european timezoned travellers. However we were won over by the impeccably served breakfast menu especially the &quot;eggscellent&quot; deal and coffee is the best we have had in USA. The beds are probably the most comfortable hotel beds that we have ever experienced.	
Nov 21 2008 	Excellent hotel in every way	This is my second stay at the Sofitel here and it has been excellent both times. The staff are friendly, helpful and very efficient. The hotel is very well located, two minutes walk from the Water Tower, and with many rooms having great views of the city and lake. The building is beautiful and both the public spaces and guest rooms are stylishly decorated and comfortable. The restaurant and room service are excellent, and the bar manages somehow to have a good atmosphere despite seeming a bit of an aftertought in the corner of the ground floor. On top of it all, it's really good value: I've stayed at all the premier hotels in Chicago and this is not only my favourite but also the best priced.	
Nov 17 2008 	Fantastic location	Wonderful hotel in fantastic location. Ugg shop directly opposite. On the corner of Rush Street where there is plenty of bars and restaurants. Close to the shops, especially water tower shopping centre and the John Hancock Building. Easy to pop back to the hotel for a rest and drop off your bags! Very helpful staff on the door and at reception. Beautiful room and bathroom with added bonus of the most comfortable beds. We loved it and would definitely recommend to others and stay if we were to return.	
Nov 14 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Big room, big bathroom, nice view, great service, comfy bed... what more could you ask for?	
Nov 10 2008 	THE Best Hotel….Ever	Stayed October 2008 for 5 nights. I have had the privilege of staying at a number of hotels across the world, including fantastic hotels in Las Vegas, but I can honestly say this was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. Location, Location, Location - a very short walk to the Magnificent Mile (near the Water Tower Centre), which is next to the Hancock Centre. Everything was nearby including Jazz Clubs, restaurants, bars, coffee shops, the “famous” Pancake House and also convenience stores. Overall the location felt very safe and ideal for walking to restaurants and shops. You can walk to Water Tower Centre and Hancock Centre in 5 minutes, Navy Pier in 20 minutes and Wrigley Building in 20 minutes. The Room - A fantastic view of the Hancock Centre – ask for a high room when checking in. The beds were like a giant marshmallow, fantastically comfortable and the rooms were so quiet it was the best sleep I have had in a hotel (although I am not sure whether or not we had guests next door). Hotel Bar - Comfortable with a selection of beers, cocktails and food, although it is not as hip and lively as their website makes out.Service – This was second to none. First class including concierge, reception, and bar staff. In fact there were literally dozens of staff on hand to assist with anything including holding the main doors open for you.The only criticism was that the room keys constantly malfunctioned, denying entry to the room. Other guests experienced this too and I was told by reception it is because they become de-magnetised if held next to a mobile (cell) phone. Well this has not happened at any other hotel and I never carry my mobile phone when on holiday, so this was not the reason – so this is something for them to address.There is absolutely no question I would return to this hotel again. Finally, try the Segway Tour – absolutely brilliant fun to explore Chicago with a guide and at $70 for 3 hours it is great value.	
Nov 6 2008 	Sofitel is exceptionally Good	This hotel has great service and a breathtaking decor. It is within short walk to Michigan Avenue(Magnificant Mile). The beds are really comfortable and the rooms smelled and looked execeptionally clean.It was just a pleasurable stay.I am not a coffee drinker, but those who are, should know there is no coffeemaker in the room. Given everything else, this point truly is not worth mentioning.The conceirge referred us to Lawry's for prime rib, if you get that same recommendation, I advise you not to follow it. Lawry's has great service, but it certainly should not be in the steak business in Chicago.	
Nov 4 2008 	Very Nice A Bit Pricey	This was a great location to stay in Chicago. It was a first visit to the city for 4 days to see primarily architectural sites. The concierge was great, helping with restaurants, car rental, and transit information. Only one bad steer, pointing us to a pizza place that ended up with a 2 hour wait... no thanks! The bar is a great spot for to relax after a full day, but we did not try the restaurant. Lots of good options for food nearby. The room itself was very nice. Spacious, and from our 22nd floor east facing room, we had a great view of buildings along the Miracle Mile. We even could see the lake through a couple of gaps between buildings. We are very noise sensitive, but there was nothing to notice, as either our neighbors were quiet or well insulated.  Overall, it was a good choice, and while expensive, worth the price for all the bad stuff that didnt happen!	
Nov 2 2008 	Swank Stay-cation Spot	My husband and I found the Sofitel to be very comfortable and luxurious for a one night &quot;staycation&quot; in Chicago. The room and bed were clean and super comfy. The staff was helpful and friendly, going out of their way to help us: one woman backtracked on her path leaving the elevator to turn around and push the 'up' button for us! About three people stood at the entry way to open the doors and wish us a pleasant day.I love the Sofitel's modern, boutique style, gorgeous flowers in the lobby and sofas that allow lots of people to sit comfortably without feeling like we're in each other's way. (Practical and gorgeous!) There was just a 15 min wait for Sunday brunch (which was surprising considering the number of people in the lobby), and the menu had something for everyone. The property is centrally located to walk to Michigan Avenue and lots of good restaurants. I definitely recommend the Sofitel to friends coming to Chicago.	
Oct 28 2008	sofitel chicago. staff appalling.	Given the price, uou would expect the Sofitel in Chicago to be a genuinely enjoyable experience. Unfortunately, the staff are rude and dismissive. The decor is profoundly unimaginative and slightly worn. The lay-out is badly thought through. It's a very very average hotel with an eye-watering pricetag.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great stay at the Sofitel Chicago	We just arrived from a 3 nights stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. It was faboulous. Fine Linen, nice room with bigs windows, bathroom with a shower, flat TV. Check for the deals on the Sofitel website, we had 3 nights for the price of two !	
Oct 22 2008 	Top Class Hotel in Top Class City	Loved everything about the place,Hotel is location a few blocks from Michigan Avenue, close enough to be in the heart of the City but just far enough to be away from the crowds.All the rooms have great views of the City and are extremely comfortable for a City break hotel, all have king size beds, huge flat screen TV, seating areas, large bathroom with separate shower.The restaurant is recommended for breakfast or dinner and Le Bar, which gets busy on a week-end, is a great place for a pre-dinner drinks or night cap. Take advantage of the free coffee to take away from the restaurant every morning which is on the bar.There are some great restaurants near by, MK was one of our favourites, but also recommended is the Chicago Chop House – be warned, starve yourself before going, the portions are huge. I would also ask to be in the downstairs restaurant as this has plenty of atmosphere as well as live piano.Chicago has plenty to offer all ages, here are a few I would recommend:Take a trip up the Sky deck in the Sears Tower ($15 approx)Take in the views from the Observatory within the John Hancock Tower ($18)Take the Speed dog Architectural Tour ($25) which does the sites on the Chicago River but also a 10 min speed boat ride of the bay offering great views of the City.Take a Tour bus ($29)Go to Lincon Park Zoo (It’s Free)Visit the Field Museum ($11)Shall definitely visit again!	
Oct 20 2008 	Very nice (I'm a fan of modern). Plus a fabulous brunch spot.	A couple of years ago I met some friends in the lobby and loved the space but this was my first stay at the hotel. The service was above average. For the folks at the front desk that knew what they were doing, they were very helpful. However, there always seemed to be a long line of guests and some of the front desk staff seemed like they were still in training and a little perplexed.The rooms are not huge, but very nice. Some smart, modern design throughout. Loved the remote curtains and shade. Very comfortable bed - although not so comfortable to warrant a listing in the book of Sofitel items for sale, which includes the ability to purchase the bed, comforter, pillows, etc. But hey, If you love it - you can buy it.My family lives in Chicago and they think that the brunch in the hotel restaurant is one of the best in the city. I haven't tried many others in Chicago, but it was a great brunch. French press coffee, fabulous bakery basket of croissants and pastries and great eggs benedict. If you have the time, it's well worth it and not too pricey.	
Oct 18 2008 	Sofitel Chicago Water Tower - Worst Service EVER	I have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel. I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift. When my parents arrived, they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly. My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip.Additionally, my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking. When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop. When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking.NEVER AGAIN.	
Oct 11 2008 	Excellent	Excellent hotel, moderm bulding, friendly people in reception. Very good location just in front of the John Hancock, Water Tower and Magnificient mille. Rooms are very good, moderm and with everything you need for a business/pleasure trip. Free internet in the business center.	
Oct 8 2008 	This is one of the best Sofitels	I'd booked a luxury room through the hotel's website - there was nothing else on offer, but when I arrived it wasn't quite that luxury at all. Quite small, the plasma TV blocked the mirror behind it and you couldn't fully open the doors of the wardrobe because the bed was right up against it. But there was a small seating area and the bathroom was spacious and well equipped ( apart from no slippers). I asked if I could upgrade to another room, but the hotel was full. However, the concierge Dominique could not have been more helpful. After a bit of a search he found a room that had come free unexpectedly, which was much bigger with a seating area and more space. it was perfect. Throughout my stay he constantly asked if everything was ok and whether I was happy with the room. I was.I found the service in the hotel really good. Everyone was pleasant, helpful and very polite and really did try and make your stay a good one. The hotel is in a great location, just off the Magnificent Mile and looks fantastic, very futuristic with a great lobby and bar. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone staying in Chicago. Keep up the good work Sofitel	
Oct 5 2008 	My favorite in Chicago	The Sofitel is beautiful, hip, and the rooms are comfortable and well appointed. They have true hi def televisions with a nice menu system, not just cheap flat panels pretending to be hi def. This might not matter to many people, but I like to watch a little tv and hate the sets and the service at most hotels. The bar is fun to hang out in. The service was without fault.	
Oct 4 2008 	'So-fabulous' is the Sofitel	Beautiful hotel, greatly located near all the shopping streets.Could not fault the service, cleanliness, room choice or comfort levels. I was on the 9th floor.. not such a great view but it really didn't bother me. The room was gorgeous: bright, clean, pure comfort, loads of wardrobe space, loads of toiletries, bathrobes, bose music system, flat screen tv, room safe &amp; 2 phones. Expansive room service menu too..but watch out for the statutory 18% tip and 3 dollar delivery charge, and when the food is delivered you're obliged to give the delivery guy something too! ;o( Expensive mini-bar too but is to be expected in such a hotel (5.00 for a soda!!) Overall a perfect stay..expensive but absolutely worth it.Hotel also offers a gym, business centre and great bar/restaurants and great concierge service...A top recommend - great for business or leisure.I would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 26 2008 	Very high standard in a great location	Stayed here for three nights during September 2008 and thoroughly enjoyed it. The rooms were large, clean, comfortable and very well appointed - I especially enjoyed the huge HD flatscreen TV and the Bose Waveradio. The furnishings are to a high standard, lots of toiletries, bathrobes, towels - really everything you needThere are the usual facilities - we ate breakfast in the hotel only once and whilst it was of a very high quality and, again, superb service, it felt a little pretentious. So we walked 200 yds up Rush for something a little more Chicago.The hotel staff were to a fault courteous and helpful, nothing was really too much trouble. It's also a very attractive building located around 200m from the John Hancock centre on Michigan Avenue. Perfect for shopping, and only 250m from the Chicago CTA Red Line station so very easy access from O'Hare.Very highly recommended.	
Sep 25 2008 	A pleasant surprise...	We had booked the hotel based on the fact that it was no. 1 on tripadvisor. That said, neither of us were expecting it to be that great. We were wrong. It was a very nice hotel in a great location and the staff were lovely.The room was a good size, the bed was comfy and the bathroom was huge.The only real downside is that there's no free internet access so you have to go across the road to the ING Cafe or Starbucks.	
Sep 18 2008	Great location	This was a great hotel in a great location - around the corner from the Magnificent Mile and a short walk from the lake front. It's also near lots of great bars and restaurants.We stayed for my birthday and my lovely boyfriend had called in advance to request a special birthday cake (as I have food allergies). The chef produced a delicious chocolate cake without dairy or wheat - it was fabulous and made my day.We booked a suite, which was wonderful and a surprise for me - all facilities were as expected or better (great HD TV!). The bath in the suite deserves a particular mention - it was huge.On the downside, my boyfriend had booked via the Sofitel website and the deal he chose included a $250 Bloomingdales voucher and an extended checkout (until 4pm) on the last day. The hotel knew nothing of these (although we'd booked on their website) and we had to provide documentary evidence to prove that the extras were as booked. This left us with a bad taste. The lesson for others, take a printed copy of the details of your booking.Overall, a great hotel and holiday!	
Sep 11 2008	Tryly excellent	There were staff everywhere, you did not need to open a door once. The location is impossible to beat in Chicago, and the hotel is very new. Front office staff were very pleasant. Don't let their occasional use of French words surprise you, most actually can't speak French. Furnishings are contemporary. The parking valet was prompt and courteous. hard to beat, but quite expensive. Spend a $100 more at stay at the four seasons for nicer rooms.	
Sep 11 2008 	Overrated	Booked the Sofitel Water Tower for its location. Arrived on a Saturday at 5pm and took about 10 minutes before we were served by a Front Desk staff. I was then told that the room wasn't ready and had to wait a further 15 minutes.The room was large enough, as was the bathroom and was clean, but it's the little details that the hotel misses. The bathroom doors are French double doors, so you have to open both doors to get in. Also, one of the doors is backed almost into the door of the room so much so that everytime I open the room door, I'm met with the door of the bathroom staring straight back at me.There are also no dimmer switches for the lights so when getting up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, you literally have to grope your way around.One evening, while I was getting ready to go out for dinner, the chambermaid knocked on the door and asked if I wanted a turndown service. I asked if she could come back in 15 minutes but was told that she couldn't as her shift had come to an end. So much for service!Internet connection in the rooms is also not free, which is a shame as I had stayed at the Four Seasons only 2 months prior to this stay, and for about $10 more a night, the experience was night and day.All in all, it was an ok stay, but it's unlikely I'll ever stay at a Sofitel again.	
Sep 9 2008 	Loved this hotel	I just loved this hotel. The room was clean, had all the amenities that I like, and just felt great to be in. The hotel is fun to walk around in. I liked the modern atmosphere and thought the lobby was one of the most stylish I have seen in Chicago. I think this hotel can only add to your Chicago experience. I have stayed at several hotels in Chicago and feel this one is my favorite for style and cleanliness. Also it is in a great location for shopping and going out to eat. Have fun!	
Sep 2 2008 	We just love this place!	My wife and I recently celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary with a stay at the Sofitel and everything was very good. I had ordered chocoloate covered strawberries, a rose display and a card to be in the room upon our arrival and it was, with a split of champagne sent up with the compliments of the manager. We stayed in Suite 2308 and I highly recommend this suite - great views of Michigan Avenue, the Hancock Building and Lake Michigan, and since it's a corner there is another view of the city to the south. We paid $325 for the night and felt we'd received excellent value for our dollar. One problem was the mirrored door covering the closet space was off its track but I was able to fix it with little effort.We had drinks in Le Bar and a room service breakfast on the morning of our departure. The food, drinks and service in both instances were great. We had stayed here once before during the winter and like it then...we now look forward to making Sofitel our regular place to stay in the city. Merci Beaucoup Sofitel!	
Aug 31 2008 	Nice but small rooms	My husband spent one night at the Sofitel in Chicago. We are both avid travelers and have stayed at a lot upscale hotels in our day. Although we did enjoy our stay there were a couple of things that we felt the Sofitel missed on. The room was very small for what we paid, there was no dresser to place our clothes in, our turndown service consisted of the bedsheets being folded back, and there was no pool on the property. We did enjoy the huge shower and the wonderful smelling amenities in the bathroom. Our breakfast was outstanding however $50 is still a bit steep for breakfast! Overall we would recommend the Sofitel if we ever had to stay again.	
Aug 29 2008 	Vive le Sofitel	An over-the-top staff, a bathroom bigger than some hotel rooms, a bed that looks and feels like a cloud, a theatre sized flat screen TV. Comfort, charm, cheap (200$ on early bird) - why would we ever stay anywhere else?	
Aug 27 2008 	nice hotel	Very much enjoyed the hotel. Nice location. Easy access to all of Chicago. Was unhappy that the hotel advertises &quot;Internet access&quot; and then charges $10 per day, per user. With all of the lower grade hotels now offering free internet access, it seems petty that Sofitel is not only charging, but advertising &quot;internet access&quot; as if it is some kind of perk. I mentioned the charge to the reservationist and all she said was, &quot;I'll inform management.&quot; Maybe they should advertise telephone service too.	
Aug 27 2008 	Faultless	From the moment we arrived we felt like valued customers. Our room was on the 31st floor with views of John Hancock Tower and the lake. Everything was provided, both in the room and the bathroom including a UK/US plug adaptor. The place was spotless and eveything was great quality. We ate in the restaurant and used room service - both were excellent ,food and service. The staff were friendly, attentive but not intrusive. Nothing was too much trouble. It was my birthday during our stay and the hotel provided chocolate covered strawberries and a card for me. Another fantastic touch.Absolutely faultless in every way. Book this hotel and a make a great visit to Chicago very special.	
Aug 25 2008 	Unprofessional Behavior by Sofitel Security on Second and Third Shift	I was a guest of a friend at the Sofitel of Chicago, IL, where we had stayed from June 27 through July 1, 2008. On June 30, 2008, we were having drinks at the Sofitel Chicago LeBar when around 10:45 p.m. my friend got into a disagreemment with another patron. SECURITY WAS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND. Then I heard the Security officer call for assistance from another Security Officer several times and he was no where to be found. All I know is where they found him, I guess he was apparently flirting or doing something not work related and the other Officer needed help. He screamed in front of all of us that the other Security Officer always ran away from his job and was always doing other things besides Security&quot;. I thought at one point the two of them were going to fight. Very unprofessional I think. The two Security Officers acted very unprofessional. Myself along with other patrons heard the whole thing. I think Security Officers employed by Sofitel should be doing their job. On several occasions that I have stayed at this hotel, when I needed assistance, Security is never around, or from what I have seen Security flirts way too much with hotel guests and always hanging outside. I am in town with my friend on several occasions and I think that this is unprofessional behavior for Security of such a presitage hotel like the Sofitel. It is giving the hotel a bad reputation.I don't think that this Security at Sofitel especially the ones that covers between 8 p.m to 2:00 a.m. know what the definition of security is. Tell them not to argue in front of hotel guest, not to flirt so much and definitely not to drink and sleep. They should always be on alert because Security should know they never know who is watching or listening to them. Or maybe this is what the Sofitel allows and do not care. I hope this is not the case.	
Aug 23 2008	Sold 4 star hotel in a 5 star location	This hotel is a solid 4 star hotel with rooms, bedding, toiletries, restaurant and bar being up to this level. The only aspect of the hotel not four star level is its location which I would give a solid 5 stars. It is right at the foot of the Rush Street scene with shopping, restaurants, bars, clubs, and the Magnificent Mile .The restaurant is ideal with adequate outdoor seating in a protected patio on a busy street so it is great for people watching. The hotel did have a health club but no pool. My only complaint with the hotel is that there is no complementary wifi in the rooms. You have to go through TMobil service and pay for access. I cannot understand why a such a great hotel tries to pinch a few extra dollars from its guests from wifi instead of just providing it for free like Motel 6 and low end hotels do. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a 4 star hotel in the center of the entertainment area of Chicago. Down the street are some really world class restaurants but they are always crowded. Try to go to Gibsons for a bone in Prime rib that is two inches thick. Also Carmines has wonderful , cheap and plentiful Italian food.	
Aug 20 2008 	Simply superb	My wife and I visited Chicago on the strength of recommendations from friends etc. We stayed here for 11 nights and it is a simply fabulous hotel. Very clean hotel, with friendly, unobtrusive staff. We had a great room with a great view of the Hancock building. Somehow we never got around to using Cafe Des Architectes even though it looked fantastic - there was so many great eating places nearby. Bar was great, and very popular too. It's easy to see why this hotel is number one. It's location for the beach, Michigan Avenue, the Pier was fantastic. We are definitely going back...!	
Aug 16 2008 	Great place to stay	Very nice room - service was excellent - the staff are obviously well trained. The Consierge service was very helpful. The location is excellent if you want to be downtown near the city's major attractions. Only one block from the Mag Mile, Hancock Centre, Water Tower, etc. and only a short walk from a subway stop. We had a good room - 25th floor with a view of the Hancock Centre. Lovely decor throughout - fresh flowers in the lobby, clean and attractive. No pool, however the workout facility looked nice.The restaurant and bar are average - the prices were high. I would recommend, if budget-conscious, eating/drinking mainly at other locations.We would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great place great location!	A 2-block walk from the Chicago Avenue stop on the red line, this location can't be beat. (Can ride all the way from OHare for $2!) Our 23d floor room gave us a bit of a lake view, &amp; the green roofs on neighboring buildings were also interesting. Room was nice size, all the amenites we expected (except no pool and didnt check the fitness stuff--enough walking to do around town!). Morning pastry basket at the 1st floor cafe seemed pricey at $14 until we tried to replicate it in the neighborhood. Hey, it's a French hotel and they get great French pastries, so why look elsewhere? From the hotel we walked to Merchandise Mart (interesting kitchen &amp; bath retailers), the excellent Frontera Grill, and took the free trolley to and from Navy Pier, where we rented bikes and rode along the lakeshore.	
Aug 13 2008 	A beautiful place	I read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this property which had it ranked as #1 in Chicago. I got a king room overlooking Michigan Ave. The view was beautiful. The room was also impeccable. Nice and bright, very fresh and modern. I find it very hard to fault any Sofitel's. The service, attentiveness of staff, cleanliness and luxury are always top notch. Location was great, head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe's and restaurants. Straight ahead of the hotel on Michigan Ave is a shoppers paradise. A great place to stay, and much better value than Park Hyatt. I do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy, such as for the internet. When you are paying top dollar, a few inclusions would be nice.	
Aug 12 2008 	Incredible Hotel	Stayed at the Sofitel Chi for my Bachelor Party. Incredible room, reasonable prices, great location. Furhtermore, the service was second to none. Every wish granted.I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone visiting Chicago who wants a great North Side location close to all the best restaurants and bars.	
Aug 11 2008 	excellent choice	Back today from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel. This is an excellent choice in the centre of town. Great location for all the shopping on Michigan Avenue and an easy cab ride to all the other sights.We had a room on the 10th floor which didnt have stunning views but was more than adequate for our needs. Large comfy bed, large well equipped bathroom and all other mod cons with the exception of no iPod dock which is not a problem but worth knowing.Hotel was buzzy with good restaurant and great bar which is a destination in its own right.Would not hesitate to recommend this Sofitel for anyone looking to stay in Chicago and not necessarily wanting to go for the full on 5 star choice. That said, the service and facilities in the Sofitel are no less 5 star than any of the other top properties we have stayed in. Can't see why anyone would be disappointed with this choice.Only thing I wish I had known was how booked up the top choice restaurants get, particularly on the weekend. If you want to go to the likes of Gibsons, Joe's, Hugo's Frog Bar or Carmine's you should not leave it till you get to Chicago to make the booking if you want to eat at a sensible hour.	
Aug 9 2008 	One of the best stays at a domestic hotel ever!	My husband and I spent a special 20th anniversary at this Sofitel. Everything about this hotel exceeded our expectations, and it was a most wonderful stay. Our room was a very nice size and the bed was incredibly comfortable and luxurious. Our room was immaculate, and there was a leather couch and chair to relax in as well as a handsome desk to use. The TV was a 40&quot; flat screen HD and it swiveled between the settee and the king bed areas. The Bathroom. WoW! There was a soaking tub, shower for two, SOFT towels and live ORCHID in a very luxurious marble bathroom. How about a soft robe and slippers to slip into... Heaven!Chicago experienced a killer heat wave when we were there, but coming back to our plush, cool and quiet accomodations was the best. We felt like Rock Stars.It just doesn't get better than the Sofitel!	
Aug 6 2008	Cafe Des Architects is a great place for lunch!	We did not stay (yet) at the Sofitel, but were very pleasantly surprised by the way the lobby looked and the overall impression the hotel made. We did however have a really good lunch at the Café Des Architects, which is in the hotel. We took the 'one plate / 4 mini-course lunch' which includes an appetizer, salad, main course and dessert of choice, all for a bargain. The food was truly excellent and being Europeans, we thoroughly enjoyed the modest portions. Excellent wines too, friendly service and everything classy styled. We promised ourselves, if we ever return to Chicago, to try the Sofitel.	
Aug 5 2008 	AMAZING service location amenities	My husband and I have very expensive taste in hotels, but booked this Sofitel based on Trip Advisor reviews, not on hotel class (like five-star, etc.) which is our usual criteria. This hotel was not the most expensive in the city, but definitely seemed the best - not lacking in luxury. This was our 10th anniversary vacation, and due to limited time, we decided to do city/shopping long weekend instead of tropical/beach resort. We were NOT disappointed! This hotel was in a great location right in downtown Chicago, we walked everywhere and only used a cab when I was wearing my sky-high heels or going to a place far away. Great restaurant in the hotel (Cafe De Architecture) was awesome for sitting outside for breakfast and dinner - food was wonderful (and again, we have very high expectations). The service from every person we dealt with was exceptional. Very courteous and happy to assist. Almost never had to wait for anything. The cleaning staff were practically invisible. I dont think we ever saw anyone in our hallway, but our room was immaculate whenever we got back from shopping. Room was very contemporary chic with amazing city view. Great restaurants to be found everywhere around our hotel, best shopping in the Midwest too.	
Aug 4 2008 	Always Fantastic at the Sofitel!	My friend Patty and I have stayed at the Sofitel and loved it. When it came time to make plans for my husband and I to celebrate our anniversary last year and this year we chose to stay at the Sofitel. It is beautiful, clean, and the staff is helpful and friendly. You can walk to everything fantastic location! Candles always lit and burning in lobby (smells wonderful) Rasberry not over powering just right. Fresh beautiful flower arrangements in the lobby as well. Last year for our 16th anniversary they happend to have a suite available on the 16th floor and they upgraded us and gave us the &quot;royal treatment&quot; this year there was a wedding celebration but we were upgraded to a room with a great view! We will always stay at the Sofitel it is a great &quot;romantic get away&quot; and they truely make it a great experience. Thank you Hotel Sofitel see you in March of 2009 for our 18th anniversary celebration! Norine &amp; Brett King	
Jul 30 2008 	The Sofitel was great	My wife and I just returned from a four day trip to Chicago and the Sofitel was wonderful. We had a suite in the 23rd floor and it was everything that I had imagined. We have stayed at the Waldorf-Astoria in New York and other upscale hotels. This was by far the best. It was super modern. We had flat screen televisions in each room. The King bed was the most comfortable hotel bed that we have ever slept in. When the Bose alarm clock went off, I didn't want to get up. They sent us two Voss waters and some truffles the first night. Everything was well done.The hotel is two blocks from the Magnificent Mile and everything that we wanted to see was a short walk or cab ride from the Sofitel. We will definitely be back.	
Jul 30 2008	Very good hotel but...	Good hotel, excellent location, very attentive staff. Everything up to scratch!But: the rooms are quite small, although the big windows help not making them claustrophobic. Also I found the lobby quite dark even during the day. True enough, it was very atmospheric, but it made it difficult to see properly!	
Jul 26 2008 	Great place to stay	Wife and I took a quick weekend to Chicago last minute. Booked hotel thru one of the last minute travel sites at around $200 per night. The hotel is very chic and trendy. Room was extremely comfortable and clean. We had drinks in the hotels bar when we arrived. A little pricey but very enjoyable. The hotel is one block off Michigan Ave near the John Hancock building. We had breakfast right next door at Tempo and had a great breakfast before heading out for the day. Be prepared that Tempo only takes cash so plan ahead for that. All in all a great weekend trip to Chicago. Great shopping, great food and lots of fun. Bring lots of money and worry about how much you spent when you get home.	
Jul 26 2008 	Like everyone says...	Yes, like most reviews written here, it is the 'hippest' place to be staying while in Chicago. Now in all fairness, it is the only place I've stayed in Chicago..I hope to go back one day.My sister and her husband suggested to us that we stay here because of the rooms and location. Our welcome and exit wasn't the warmest I've encountered, but it was fast and routine. No issues. Rooms are tiny, but very nice. The washrooms are awesome! And location is everything. Who knew Chicago had so much to offer - I didn't. I fell in love with this city and would tell people of this hotel. A little expensive for what you get, but if you're looking to be in the heart of the city, this is it. We also ate breakfast at the Cafe des Architectes and it was delish. A little expensive, but well worth it.	
Jul 25 2008 	Simply excellent!	My wife and I have stayed here several times and it is always consistently excellent.The bellmen greet you like friends and the valet takes good care of your car.The lobby is attractive and modern. The receptionists are friendly, and this last stay, they upgraded us to better rooms for no additional charge!The rooms are gems. Clean, modern and attractive. Super-comfy beds with great comforter-sheets. Nice soft pillows. WORKING air condictioners (nothing is worse than when the A/C doesn't work) . Bathrooms are granite-lined, clean and attractive.All one block off Michigan avenue and all for about $300/night with the taxes.You can't beat it.	
Jul 23 2008 	All's Perfect @ Sofitel	Can't add much to the rave reviews; only can confirm to the fullest extent as to every positive previous review in all aspects with no negatives whatsoever! Do yourself a favor and spring for the suite. Can't vouch for the restaurant as there are so many great places within easy walking distance: Hugo's/Gibson's, Rosebud, Ditka's, etc., etc. but the bar was quite enjoyable for cocktails and people watching.	
Jul 15 2008 	Loved it!!	Stayed here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert. I totally LOVED IT here!!When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service, the phone was answered with &quot;Hallo Mrs (Name)&quot; which was a great personal touch. Vanessa at the front desk, went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room. My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious. I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb. We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice. The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me, so no snobbery there.Comfortable, cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom, the lights went on in the wardrobe (never seen that before!!), tv was HD ready and flat screen. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while.Would I stay here again?? Oh yeah!! No problem - just need to save up first!!	
Jul 15 2008 	First Class Hotel!	This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. The rooms were AMAZING, Bathrooms were first-class, and Service was impeccable. The location was perfect... walking distance to John Hancock Tower, Rush St, Michigan Ave., and Red Line Train Station. The price is a bit high, but I found a good online deal. I hardly ever write reviews, so I felt this hotel deserved my 5-star write-up.	
Jul 7 2008	More of the Best	Haven't had a better stay -- ever. I was sad to leave and that I couldn't stay for longer. What struck me first was the smell of the hotel, it was fantastic. In fact, I had to buy the candle to bring it home. They have a great gift shop and a fun hotel bar -- good signs.Ever detail was thought of and I recommend this hotel very highly to anyone that wants a breathtaking experience from the moment you walk in the door.	
Jul 7 2008 	Will Never Stay At Another Hotel Again	This was by far one of the best vacations I have ever been on. The staff at the Sofitel is amazing - from the front desk down to the housekeeping. I just loved every little touch that they added even down to the fresh flowers in the lobby. I honestly will never stay at another hotel again unless there is no Sofitel at my destination.The building is beautiful, the bathroom was gigantic (compared to other places). There was a bath and a shower. THe bed was the most comfortable bed ever and the room service in the morning never disappointed. I could go on and on but it was a magnificient stay and there is a cute little park across the street you should check out too	
Jul 7 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel	Stayed for four nights at this amazing hotel. Booked a suite and what a surprise. Room was huge not to mention the bed! Had a pull out sofa bed in the sitting room, which I stayed on and I have never slept so well. Bathroom was huge with beautiful Hermes products. Turn down services every evening with comlimentary bottles of water. Staff were extremly helpful and friendly.The reception area was fantastic with fresh flowers everywhere, the smell of which would greet you at the door. Can honestly say was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and cannot wait to return. Fantastic location close to everything.	
Jul 3 2008 	MacLure's - London ON - Loved it!	My husband and I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel in Chicago. It is by far the nicest hotel we have ever stayed at (and we have stayed at a lot). All of the staff went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. The bathrooms were large, bright, and &quot;clean&quot;. The turn down service at night and bottle of water on each bed side table was a nice touch. We would defineitly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 27 2008 	Remarkable Architecture	Striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s.	
Jun 18 2008	Very nice but not as nice as the London Sofitel	Just returned from 5 days at the Sofitel. Yes the beds are fantastic and the rooms are immaculate. Service was very good, but we have stayed at a Sofitel in London and the service there was superior. So, by comparison, we simply couldn't rave as others have. It may be because the London hotel was smaller. The front desk staff greeted you by name and knew what room you were in. When the lobby tea room closed, the front desk brought me tea to the computer room. They made a special effort which we did not see at the Chicago Sofitel. We found the doormen were certainly respectful and we were not dressed, but service on the door was not consistent. Most times we were opening the doors ourselves. No big deal, but just not perfect service.Again by comparison, the concierge service just was not as good. I think it was good service, but you didnt get the feeling that they really cared. One in particular could barely crack a smile. However, housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful.The location is very good, but again, not perfect. We found we were always travelling to the theatre district, the Millinium park area, so would have preferred a hotel more central on the Magnificent Mile area. That said, it was close to restaurants .	
Jun 11 2008 	Fabulous	I can't really say anything about this hotel that hasn't been said before. Simply fabulous. It was the attention to detail that impressed myself &amp; my husband most. The automatic soap dispensers, the free internet access and the fact that the maid came into our room while we at dinner to straighten up to name but a few.We ate at the Cafe des Architectes and were very impressed. Delicious food which was reasonably priced for the quality. Great service too.If you fancy eating out there are some great restaurants very close...Pancakes to die for, great fish at Hugo's Frog House and a very unique experience at Giordanos pizza place. We saved hard to stay at this hotel and it was worth every single penny.	
Jun 5 2008 	Fantastic - Be Prepared to Ooooh and Aaaaah	The Sofitel Water Tower is simply fantastic. I have traveled extensively throughout Europe and the U.S., and I can easily say this is one of the best hotels at which I've ever stayed.The experience starts even before you enter the gorgeous lobby with its contemporary glamor. Whether you arrive by car, cab, or by foot, the doormen at the Sofitel are there to offer you exemplary service, greeting you cordially and opening doors. On Mother's Day, they even hand out pristine roses with thorns removed! I cannot say enough to adequately describe how top notch the service is at this hotel! And yes, while the interior - everything from the lobby, your room, the bar and the restaurant - is stunning and will delight you...the service is what will really blow you away here. Stay here. You will not regret it.Finally, a note regarding some of the negative reviews on this hotel, specifically those who claimed the doormen were &quot;snotty&quot; or &quot;stuck up:&quot; I simply didn't see it. That is not to say it never happened, for I wasn't there to witness anything. All I can say is that my mother and I stayed here for Mother's Day weekend and we dressed comfortably in jeans...and yet we were treated with every bit of respect as businessmen in their suits. So from my perspective, the service was uniformly wonderful at the Sofitel Water Tower.	
Jun 3 2008 	Wow! Cannot fault it at all...	I cannot give this hotel enough praise - it has to rank up there with some of the best hotels I've ever stayed with.We stayed there for 3 nights (May 8th - 11th) and had an incredible experience. Firstly the hotel is amazing architecture from the exterior and you are wow'ed as soon as you pull up to it.The reception/lobby/bar area is very spacious and grand, it is all so chic and contemporary inside it's gorgeous. In the evening and and night they light scented candles throughout the lobby which smell divine.Our room was on the 23rd floor (room 2311 I think) and it was perfect, we had a central view of the impressive John Hancock Centre straight in front of us and could see the top of the gorgeous old Water Tower too. The room was a generous size, with a generous size bathroom and it was all decorated to the highest contemporary standard. We had a chaise lounge and a flat screen TV too. The best part of the room though has to be the bed. I have never slept in a more comfortable bed in my life, it was amazing.The hotel itself has a great location, it's just a few minutes walk from the John Hancock Centre and the Magnificent Mile. I was a bit concerned after reading a couple of negative reviews that the staff were snooty if you didn't dress the right way or look monied. We are just 2 regular 30-somethings who dress very casually in jeans and t-shirts and we had just got in from an 8 hour flight so didn't look great. The staff were very friendly and pleasant and they were throughout our stay, very helpful and pleasant.It's excellent value for money for such a high-class standard of hotel. I have relatives that live in the Chicago area and they have friends and family who have stayed in other 'major' hotels which are more costly and a lesser standard than this. They rate the Sofitel Water Tower very highly too.Book it, you won't be disappointed. See the photos for all the evidence you need.	
May 23 2008 	My best experience in Chicago hotels	This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service, beautiful room, roomy bathroom, top-notch amenities.	
May 23 2008 	I love the Sofitel!	I cannot say enough good things about this property. The hotel is attractive, my room was very nice and the hotel fitness center was top-notch. I ordered room service breakfast during my stay and it was one of the best room service experiences I have ever had...the food was amazing! The hotel uses Frette linens and towels which are very plush because they have a very high thread count. I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud! The hotel is located a couple blocks from all the shopping on Michigan Avenue so it is an ideal location for a business or leisure trip to Chicago.	
May 22 2008	Fantastic Sofitel	I have just returned from a three night vacation to Chicago and it would be fair to say that this hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in. From the moment of our arrival we were made to feel welcome. Our flight got us into Chicago and to the hotel by 11am, so we really just expected to drop our bags off and go out for the day. We were able to get into a room straight away- and not only that one with a great view of the Hancock Tower from the 20th floor. The concierge were helpful throughout, offering advise on how to reach certain attractions, and were more than happy to book restaurants/tours for us on our behlaf. We had also ordered baseball tickets to be delivered to the hotel in advance of our stay, which were held on our behalf by the hotel, and we got them upon check in without a problem.The rooms themselves were fantastic. They were exceptionally clean and modern, and they felt so new it was as if we were the first to stay in them! The bed and shower were the best I have ever had in a hotel stay without question.We ate at the hotel restaurant one night, and the food was of good quality, and again, excellent service, which was the recurring theme of our three night stay.Great central location. Couldn't ask for anything more. We booked direct with the hotel for the best rate. Definately recommended.	
May 18 2008 	I adored this hotel!	The Sofitel Water Tower was a splurge, but so worth it! All the great reviews on TripAdvisor inspired me to stay here during a February 2008 trip to Chicago, and I am so glad I did. This is absolutely the most comfortable hotel I ever stayed in. It had the coziest bed, with down pillows and comforter, an HD flatscreen tv, plush bathrobes, and a lovely marble bathroom. I was so comfortable that I didn't want to leave. I also found the customer service to be exceptional. The staff was extremely knowledgeable and attentive.	
May 17 2008	Solid professional service for business	We hold numerous 2-day meetings a year, all over the U.S. at premium venues. For this group's Spring 2008 meeting I thoroughly researched the downtown Chicago meeting &amp; conference hotel market, before selecting the Sofitel. Our group of 12, including 8 CEO's, thorughly enjoyed the Sofitel experience. The meeting and banquet staff did a great job responding to our needs, and rooms were perfectly comfortable, clean and quiet. Food for private breakfasts, breaks and lunches was 5-star quality. Bell staff and Concierge handled special requests unhesitatingly and competently. When we returnn to Chicago we'll go back.	
May 16 2008 	Top Class hotel ; lovely experience in Chicago	This is one of the best downtown hotel that I have ever stayed which is top class and business friendly. I have stayed here twice so far this year and all I can is, you just won’t go wrong for selecting this wonderful hotel for corporate events or personal leisure trips. Staffs are really friendly and all the business facilities it offers are really good. The restaurant manager last time offered me a complimentary breakfast for having to wait 5 or 6 min extra for table on a busy Sunday morning. Hotel is great for leisure hunters or shopping enthusiasts as it is just 1 minute away from the heart of magnificent mile. Since I'm a eco-friendly travel enthusiast, last time I found that the CTA metro station is just 2 min walk from the hotel (Brown line – Chicago avenue station which comes north bound from the Loop) Room facilities are great, great bed, quality toileteries and loved those HD channels playing on the large 36' lcd TV.And, for all those who are a bit nipping type and love to read negative comments, yes I can write one in your favor too. This hotel does not have a pool and I really don’t see that as major drawback because you are staying in downtown and there are many better activities yards/blocks away in my view than relaxing in a pool. Whole heartedly would recommend to anyone!	
May 14 2008 	Unconfortable hotel.	Front desk was cold and unfriendly. My room had a stained carpet and was very small. When I informed the front desk I was unhappy, they moved me to an even smaller room (with a smaller tv) that DID have a cleaner carpet, but was located next to the maid's closet. Needless to say, I had to listen to the housekeeping staff going into their storage room all night and day.The room was small, generically decorated, and poorly designed. The lobby is also small and seems stuck in the early 90s. Bartender was surly and unfriendly. I will never stay there again.	
May 8 2008 	Business elegance	We decided to stay here partly because of Tripadvisor No 1 position and partly because of good room price deal (300 USD per night).It is a nice, big hotel and as you would expect from Sofitel more fancy oriented. Rooms are large with very (really very) comfortable bed and HD plasma TV though a bit soulless.On the first night we ate at Cafes des Architectes and it was very pleasant experience, tuna was amazing and I would definitely recommend eating there at least once. We were there for breakfast too and food was nice but it seemed to me that they were understaffed; waiting for breakfast could have been a little bit shorter (it is not buffet, you have to order everything).There is a diner next to the hotel called Tempo, we haven’t been there but all the time people were waiting in the line to get in so maybe it is worth trying eat there at least for breakfast.Hotel is full of business people even on the weekends and hotel has very strong business feeling, it seemed to me that this is perfect hotel for businessmen who would like to feel that they are at very stylish place.On the arrival there was no bell boy or anybody waiting for us (we came at around 9 p.m.) but all on all other days there were really many staff people taking care of doors and taxis incl your bags.Gym is on smaller size and if you arrive at around 7a.m. it can be full (happened to me once). Equipment is top quality though.It was funny how everyone in Chicago reacts with admiration when you say that you are staying in Sofitel.Overall it was pleasant experience and we would stay there again.	
May 5 2008 	Wonderful Experience in a Terrific Location	We recently returned from a 3-day weekend at Chicago's Sofitel Water Tower. Here are our observations:Positive:1. The hotel is located in the very upscale, beautiful Gold Coast of the city, two blocks from Michigan Avenue, and also a few blocks from the beach. 2. Every aspect of every management and employee-level worker at the hotel was professional, gracious, friendly and accommodating to a fault. 3. The hotel interior is beautiful, modern and elegant without any hint of excess or phony snobbiness. 4. Our room (27th floor) was spacious, extraordinarily clean, and ethereally quiet. We had a view of the city and Lake Michigan. The bed was by far the most comfortable we've ever experienced, and the marble bathroom with separate shower was purely decadent. All of the usual luxury-level hotel amenities were provided, including the usual toiletries, a very powerful hair dryer, robes, slippers, iron, ironing board, fully-stocked minibar, large electronic safe, 40&quot; flat-screen TV, a desk with hookups for internet, etc.5. Some niceties were provided upon our arrival, including a cheese platter, fruit, chocolates, and bottled water.6. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architectes) provided wonderful service and abundant , 5-star food. Our room came with breakfast included. When we opted to have only coffee one morning because we had brunch plans elsewhere, we received a $30 credit on our hotel bill for not eating, a very thoughtful (and virtually unheard of) gesture.7. The bar (Le Bar) was also very accommodating for late-night drinks, food and desserts. It was crowded and hopping until 2am nightly, yet we got a table and fast, friendly service both visitsNegatives:1. There was no coffee-maker in the room. We were quite surprised at this, considering the plethora of other amenities offered.2. Contrary to what we were led to believe, the hotel charges $10/day for internet access.3. No daily newspaper was provided.The biggest negative of all was that we only got to stay for two nights at this terrific hotel. You can spend a lot more at other hotels in the neighborhood (Peninsula, Four Seasons, etc.) but I'm not sure how much better the accommodations or service could possibly be to merit the additional charge. The Sofitel Water Tower was one of the finest hotels we've ever had the good fortune to stay at in the world.	
Apr 27 2008 	Loved this hotel	My husband and I have stayed at several hotels in Chicago over the last few years (the Renaissance on Wacker, Westin Michigan Ave, and Hotel Monaco) and the Sofitel is definitely our favorite. The beds at this hotel are amazing (I didn't want to leave in the morning!), our room was comfortable,clean, and bright, and the bathroom was very spacious. The lack of a coffeemaker was perhaps a slight inconvenience, but honestly, it's Chicago -- there's a Starbucks on every other corner.The location is within walking distance of many restaurants and shops (only a block and a half away from the Ghirardelli chocolate shop -- a great plus for any chocoholic :)), including all the craziness of Michigan Avenue. We found the staff to be very friendly and polite. The only problem we encountered was a miscommunication between the front desk and the valet one morning when we wanted to pick up our car. Somewhere between our call to the front desk and the front desk's call to the valet, our request for our car was lost and we ended up standing outside for several minutes, wondering if the valet had lost our car. But as soon as we returned to the front desk to inquire about the delay, we were offered an apology and the valet rushed our car out to us very quickly. No harm done, and it certainly didn't tarnish our view of the hotel.All in all, a great hotel, and we'll definitely return the next time we're in Chicago!	
Apr 17 2008 	Nicely-lighted rooms snotty staff	Sofitel Chicago is a great place to stay, if you dress and act like a well-to-do European. Think twice if you like to wear casual clothes or are of small stature, or a person of color. The rooms here are nice- I liked the huge window that covered one wall, and the color schemes of warm beige, that are calming and comfy. Also, the restrooms are roomier than the typical hotel, and has a separate bath and shower.The service? Well, I definitely felt the staff could have been a lot nicer. Most staff that I interacted with were very stiff and snotty. There is no warm greeting from front desk nor smiles from doormen. Several times, the doormen would ignore my presence and fail to open the door for me, although they saw me nearing the hotel doors. I stayed at the hotel for a week, so I ended up opening doors for myself numerous times. The doors themselves are very inconvenient if you are handicapped or old, as they are very narrow and heavy double doors.	
Apr 16 2008 	Perfect	Stayed one week in March. Perfect hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, great location. Hotel and rooms stylish and well kept. Very quick check in and out, staff always asked if i wanted a taxi whenever i was walking out. Would not even consider another hotel if i was going back to Chicago. My only complaints would be the room didnt have a coffee maker or microwave, but that's the extent of it. Room ordered stated wifi access, but this costs $10 a day, and there is an RJ45 on the desk which also cost $10/day. Slightly misleading wording when booking about internet access	
Apr 14 2008 	Highly Recommend the Sofitel	Just spent two nights at the Sofitel and had a fabulous stay. Immaculately clean room, contemporary/comfortable style, plenty of space for two guests in one room, city view. My favorite thing: quietest room I've ever stayed in!! Complete silence. Housekeeping didn't knock on the door or bug us in any way. When we left for a while, we let them know and we came back to a nicely refurbished room.Room service food was excellent and promptly served. Flat screen TV was a plus as we decided to stay in one night and watch a movie.All in all, a wonderful stay in a perfect location for a reasonable price.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great hotel	As a hotelier, I have to say it was one if the best hotels I have stayed. Nice blend of contemporary and classy design. The rooms were clean in design but still had a warm feel to it, and were also large for a city hotel. The service was great - experienced the Fron office, the bar and the a-la carte breakfast restaurant. Staff were friendly and professional. Also, I loved the flower decoration in the lobby. Look forward to the next stay!	
Apr 6 2008 	Loved it - could very easily move in!	We stayed at the Sofitel for a week in March after reading all the reviews on trip advisor. I'm happy to report that almost everything was perfect! The bed (mattress &amp; pillows) were probably the most comfy ones i have ever slept on!! Bathroom was large and power shower was superb. I appreciated the 24hr gym with the tv screens fitted to all the cardio equipment, and the free fresh fruit (apples &amp; bananas) in the gym was a nice touch. The &quot;turn down&quot; service in the evening was also a nice gesture - bottle of evian water each, and re-making of the bed. The &quot;business centre&quot; downstairs with free internet access came in very handy. The staff at the front desk and doormen were generally very helpful and friendly. There were only 3 faults i could find. The first (minor one) was that housekeeping only left enough shower gel/shampoo for one person daily even though there were two of us in the room! The second was that heating was controlled by a vent which was a bit noisy, so needed to turn off the heating at night or else the noise from the vent would keep you awake. The room still remained reasonably warm though. And the third, most significant one, was that their restaurant downstairs, had virtually no vegetarian options for breakfast or evening meals!! However, we found an excellent vegetarian restaurant about 10 min walking distance called &quot;Karyn's Cooked&quot; on 738 N Wells Street. The food was so amazing we ended up having most of our meals there! Overall, i would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, and will stay again the next time i'm in chicago!	
Mar 29 2008 	Sofitel delivers	Recently spent a night at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower -- very nice hotel in a great location, beautiful building, nice room, nice view, nice bathroom. Everything worked. Prices were not bad, either in the bar or the restaurant -- and the continental breakfast featured fabulous French style pastries. All in all, this is a well priced, well run hotel. Would definitely stay again...	
Mar 24 2008 	Worst Hotel For The Money	I never write these reviews, but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the #1 2008 travelers choice. Terrible Service, Lazy Doormen/bellmen/concierge/valet, Lack of Respect, allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints, Phantom charges to room, front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus. The icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son, and the doorman watched on doing nothing. Me and my girlfriend are young, look young in how we dress, but in all honesty make more money than most...and we were treated like cheap poor kids. I had dinner reservations at Spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up, the concierge exclaimed that, &quot;You know its not jeans and running shoes right Mr. Blank?&quot; Assuming I was too dumb to realize that a 5 star $200/person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because I am young? Very Dissapointed. Very nice looking, comfortable beds, great room service, contemporary, younger crowd, but service was terrible.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent experience	My husband and I spent one night at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. We wished we were staying in town longer because the hotel was excellent. Our room and bathroom were very nice. The bed was very comfortable and was made with very nice linens. We had no issues with noise and slept very well. The hotel staff was very accomodating and friendly. We strongly recommend this hotel and will stay here again.	
Mar 23 2008 	First class!	My first stay at the Sofitel Water Tower last week. The room was beautiful, very stylishly decorated, enormous TV set. Service was good, staff very helpful. Definitely recommend to others.	
Mar 22 2008 	Disappointing	What a disappointing experience! For my money, I could have gotten a much better value at another hotel. First, even though it is only two blocks west of Michigan Avenue, it is almost in the middle of nowhere. No interesting restaurants, bars, or shops. Luckily, there is one good breakfast place on the same block - Tempo's. Eat breakfast there; you'll love it. Skip the hotel's breakfast offerings and head to Tempo's.Check in was quick and uneventful.Our room was on the 22nd floor and had a nice view of the Hancock. But the only downside of the room was this nasty noxious cleaning spray housekeeping uses - and they visit your room twice a day. Each time we'd enter the room, this poisonous cloud of orange smelling cleaning would attack our senses. If we had stayed longer, I would have probably called down and asked for our room not be to cleaned.Oh, this is the reason I'll never stay there again: $9.95/day internet access. [-] T-Mobile access that you have to constantly log back in to.The beds were comfortable, but the robes were not.Turn down service was a nice touch, especially with the water bottles - but the staff turned the A/C off and our room was swelltering when we returned to it.Two people cannot fit into the shower, so don't try it.We won't stay there again, mostly because of the whole internet issue.	
Mar 15 2008 	A true Luxury stay...	I had heard about this property so much before staying and usually you are always a bit disapointed after.... But with this one it just lived up to my expectations....I stay in a Deluxe Room which is much bigger than the standard (worth upgrading for a few more bucks).... THe room had a brand new flat screen TV, great Sofitel feather Bed .... great view as well stayed on the 32nd floor.... The restaurant is just one of the best in town I would definitaly recommend it, and has great brunch during weekends.... The hotel looks like it just opened and is very much in shape we can see that everything is looked at very carefully....And last but not least you are just 2 blocks away from michigan avenue and all its shops.... great location...	
Mar 10 2008 	Fabulous hotel right near the miracle mile	I decided to stay at the Sofitel because it was ranked #1 in Chicago on tripadvisor and it certainly lived up to expectations. The room was not big but it was clean, sophisticated, the linen was very high quality, the baby crib was setup when we arrived with lovely linens. The bathroom was big with a very large shower and nice toiletries.Highlights were;The breakfast - beautiful pastries and the eggs benedict with crab cakes was amazingThe coffee in the car when the valet delivers it to you - a very nice touchThe concierge staff printed out the mapquest directions for us a couple of times for events we had to attend in the suburbsAll the staff were helpful and very nice.I booked online with the hotel direct and got a decent rate because I booked a couple of weeks in advance.	
Mar 10 2008 	Even the cleaners smiled	Our best hotel experience for five years! OK, so we went out of season, so there was little pressure on the staff, but everyone, and I mean everyone, including the many, discreet, cleaners, gave you a smile.The room was very well equipped - as well as a generous sized shower and bathroom, there was the latest 42 inch HD plasma TV to enjoy while on the super comfy bed.The one downside was the restaurant, where service was a little slow and the food not great value (surprising for a French-owned establishment).But the clincher was the great doorkeepers. In even the most freezing weather, they showed unfailing courtesy and helpfulness. Other hotels would do well do try some mystery shopping at the Water Tower to find out how it should be done.	
Mar 8 2008 	would stay again	Stayed for one night. Easy to access by train and underground from airport, only $2, stop at chicago and walk 1 block.Staff in reception pleasant and helpful. large reception lobby pleasant with restuarant, didnt eat there. Had breakfast (as cheaper ) at Diktaas just next block.Room very clean, smart with large very comfortable bed and HDTV.Easy walk to hancock tower and michican ave, very central for seeing sites.would stay again	
Mar 8 2008 	Comfortable and modern	I booked this hotel via the hotel website as it had the best deal on the internet. I was expecting a very high standard considering the website and the masses of positive reviews on TripAdvisor. It's situated very well: short walks to the main shopping areas and great bars/restaurants (gold coast). It is a very modern and clean hotel with an impressive lobby, albeit very dark and glossy! The room did not &quot;wow&quot; me and my friend when we checked in. Having paid over $950 for 3 nights (room only) I was expecting a larger more luxurious room. For two girls sharing, there was not enough room for all our luggage. Having said that the bathroom was immaculate with a great fog free mirror, the bed was extremely comfortable and nice touches such as Evian water at turndown was nice. The decor was modern, clean and tasteful with a cool chaise longue in the corner of the room. We used the room as a base, so didn't see much of the hotel, apart from the very small bar for a quick drink one evening. (Lots of city type customers and extremely noisy). As a Brit abroad I miss having the opportunity to have a hot drink in my room first thing in the morning and at bedtime, and I refuse to pay room service prices for a cup of tea or coffee. But Starbucks are a plenty! We did ask the concierge for some advice on things to do inside (as it was bitterly cold) and some of the information was not correct, with regards to museums etc. I would advise checking the websites of museums and art galleries before you travel. It will save you unnecessary taxi rides and long walks! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. It does what is says on the tin! After having completed an online hotel questionnaire I was emailed directly by the manager with regards to the room size and have been offered an upgrade on my next stay. Its worth telling hotels what you think of them as soon as possible, so they can rectify problems quickly and keep you as a future customer. One further piece of advice for British travellers - if you plan to present your debit card at check-in, the hotel will want to take a refundable amount off your card. They wanted to charge me $1000 for a 3 night stay, which left me reeling (and also short of a lot of spending money!) Fortunately the check in staff only charged me the minimum of $125. Not everyone wants to pay by credit card, so please be aware of this rule when using debit cards.	
Mar 7 2008 	What A Great Staff!!	Everything was outstanding, but the attitude of the staff was over the top. At our rate of $185, we thought it was a tremendous value. We'll stay there again.	
Mar 6 2008	Perfect in many ways	This is my favourite business hotel hands down! Stayed here many times. Wonderful location and food. Once had the stomache flu and had to stay at the hotel instead of attending meetings....I couldn't have been happier. The beds are so comfortable it's hard to get up. Ask for a corner room....the bathrooms are bigger and nicely appointed.	
Mar 3 2008	Perfect for Romantic Getaway	My husband and I went to Chicago for a 4 night weekend.I booked directly with the hotel after I had exhausted all other online opportunities. I got the best deal by calling directly.The hotel is 2 blocks from the Magnificent Mile so it's quiet but close to everything. The staff were exceptional. I asked for an upgrade when we arrived and they gave us one. The room (King deluxe) was a good size and the bath was lovely - very separate and private from the rest of the bedroom. The bed is exceptionally comfortable. Room service was outstanding - breakfast in the room every morning.We would definitely stay again and would use Sofitel in other cities.	
Mar 1 2008 	Snobitel	We stayed one night at the end of January. The woman at the front desk answered a phone call in the middle of checking us in and basically dismissed us after that. I tried to ask a question and was blown off. The room however, was beautiful with a fantastic bed. The location is also wonderful, we could see the John Hancock Center from our room. The dessert in the hotel restaurant was also fantastic. The chocolate/Grand Marnier combo was one of the highlights of the trip. Our experience in checking out was a little bit better, but still not warm and friendly, hence the name &quot;Snobitel&quot;.	
Feb 27 2008 	Positive Overall	This wasn't the greatest hotel I've ever stayed in, nor was it the worst (not even close). The only disappointment I had, and I think my friend felt the same, was that our room was dinky. That, and there was no coffee maker in the room, which isn't a huge problem with a Starbuck's every block, but she's English and would have enjoyed her nightly tea! I also like to start my day with coffee and would rather not pay $12 for a pot from room service. The beds were excellent and the room was quiet, the tv was better than average for our pre-sleep viewing, and it was always nice to come back to the room to find the bed nicely turned down and a bottle of Evian at the bedside. I would stay here again, but I would hope to get the room cheaper next time through one of the discount sites. Only other complaint was being told at concierge services that all of the city's museums were free for the month of February, then after taking a $20 cab ride to The Museum of Science and Industry, we were told we had to pay the entry fee. Not a big deal until we found out afterward they were closing in 45 minutes. Lesson learned: Always double check what a concierge tells you.	
Feb 22 2008 	Nice Hotel Nice Location	We stayed at the Sofitel for a week in October '07. Its location is great (not noisy, short walk to Michigan Avenue &amp; subway station). The staff were polite and the concierge service was excellent. Our room was a double with very comfortable beds. Not large but not small either (Nice Comforters, Huge Window, Very Nice Bath, Well Decorated). The hotel's bar was small but well appointed (I'm from Cal and not used to smoking allowed in bars). The lobby is huge and very chic. We didn't try the hotel restaurant but plenty of places around town and the cafe (can't remember the name) on the same block on the corner was nice and homey. Overall, the Sofitel was a great pick and we had no complaints. I'd recommend it to a friend without reservations.	
Feb 19 2008 	Nice Stay	Recently stayed a long weekend at the Sofitel Water Tower with my partner. The staff was really great and overall we enjoyed our stay. I would stay there again. However, some of the small details that set hotels apart were not always taken care of. I'm Sofitel Privilege member and typically get some in room perks (wine, etc.) upon arrival. This did not happen here. Not a big deal though. The one issue was the lack of hot water in the shower. We mentioned this, but it appeared there was nothing the hotel could do. If you sleep in, your out of luck. We got a great rate on this hotel and its really in a prime location. Nice rooms, nice views too on the upper floors. Great breakfast in the hotel cafe. I highly recommend it. Be aware the north-bound red line subway is not operating right now due to construction.	
Feb 16 2008 	Took care of problem. A+ stay	I stayed at the sofitel for business and upon arriving tired and late my reservation could not be found. I had booked my stay with a hotel reservation site instead of the hotel itself and even though nothing could be found, I was able to get a room at the rate I said I was being given. The hotel manager followed up with me about the problem after I was back home just to make sure everything felt good. So much for either of the &quot;W&quot; hotels or other places I normally stay while in Chicago...Sofitel, with it's great location, dynamite beds and luxury bathrooms is my new home in the windy city.	
Feb 6 2008 	Loved It!	I have stayed in many Accor hotels around the world and this certainly tops them all. My room was outstanding - extremely comfortable and well appointed. The bed was amazing - so comfortable. Great bathroom as well. Staff were always courteous and efficient. Location was perfect. Highly recommended!	
Jan 29 2008 	Wonderful hotel!	We loved our stay at the Sofitel Water Tower Chicago. My husband and I wanted to stay somewhere near downtown and walking distance to different sights. The hotel was located just a couple of blocks from the John Hancock building and close to Michigan Avenue and shopping. The hotel and rooms were very clean and never saw any of the cleaning staff in the hallways while we were there. There was always a complimentary bottle of water next to the bed each night. Very nice touch. Also we read a comment about the candles being lit in the lobby everyday and how nice it smelled, well it was the same while we were there too. We would stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Jan 27 2008 	Perfect in so many ways	We took the Amtrak train into Chicago departing from the Milwaukee Airport station. First, I must highly recommend this as a way of getting to Chicago. The train ride was quick and easy. Once you are in Chicago, cab rides are fairly inexpensive within the city and it was great not having to deal with the traffic, getting lost, and finding parking or gas involved with driving into the city yourself. We arrived to the Sofitel Water Tower very early and I was worried that our room would not be ready, but to my suprise, we were able to go straight to our room on the 32nd floor (top floor!) right away at 9 am. We had an amazing view of Downtown Chicago and even Lake Michigan. The bed was extremely comfortable, and with the curtains tightly closed we were able to sleep in late, very comfortably. Steps away was the luxurious bathroom that I am missing already, only 8 hours later! We spent a lot of time just relaxing in the suite and enjoyed the large LCD tv. We had sushi delivered from Kamahachi and it was great. Not as great as our favorite sushi place, but great that it was delivered right to our suite! The Sofitel was a nice walk from Michigan Ave, and with a pleasant suprise in warm weather, in the 30's, we were brave enough to shop a bit. I can also recommend the restaurant Café des Architectes as a great place for breakfast. The french toast and fingerling potatoes were perfect! Room service breakfast the next morning was just as perfect as it was downstairs. I can see why this hotel is rated as #1 and I will probably always stay at this hotel when I return to Chicago. In fact, I will be sure to check for a Sofitel Hotel in any other city that I travel to. Perfect in so many ways!	
Jan 26 2008	Sofitel was lovely!	I agree with all the other reviews. This hotel was beautiful and service was fantastic in all respects! Prices were high but the value was very good. We stayed there in a beautiful, modern suite on a &quot;romance package&quot; --this included dinner at the excellent Cafe des Architectes. As part of the package, they waived the entire dinner charge for our family of 4, including tip! We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 25 2008 	New Tradition	I stayed at this hotel last year (2006) with my Mom for some holiday shopping. We enjoyed our stay so much and found the location to be perfect that we came back again in 2007. The rooms and service are wonderful. I live in Chicago and have made it a tradition to stay downtown with my Mom for a night and Christmas shop on Michigan Ave. The location is truly perfect for hitting all the stores and the staff was so helpful with our many trips back and forth to the hotel with lots of packages. The Sofitel is going to be the place we stay -- it is going to be apart of our tradition.	
Jan 19 2008 	Stunning lobby great rooms fantastic hotel!	We spent a few nights at the Sofitel last week and were very impressed by its design, comfort, location, and staff. After having visited, we can fully understand why this is the best rated hotel in Chicago. The wonderful experience starts at the lobby, which manages to pull off a rare blend of sleek design and decadent comfort. If you ask for a room on the high floors, you'll get a good view of Downtown Chicago and may even glimpse Lake Michigan. However, the views are not the high points of the rooms. The bed was quite simply the most comfortable one I remember sleeping on! So much so that we ended up spending much more time in the room than out and about. The bathrooms are great - spacious, luxurious and bright. The Sofitel is located only a few minutes walk from one end of the Magnificent Mile, and is an excellent starting point for a walk around Chicago. Oh, and if you visit in winter and don't want to brave the elements, the room service menu is actually quite decent. We will definitely be coming back to Chicago and will, without a doubt, stay at the Sofitel again.	
Jan 18 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	Stayed here for a couple nights inFeb. 2006 The hotel lobby is stunning. Very sophisticated. I would recommend this hotel for adults traveling without children or business travelers. Just not a family-friendly establishment. The room was of good size and the bathroom was just wonderful. They have a stereo system to where you can hear the tv in the bathroom. Nice feature when one of your party has to get up to get dressed early in the morning, while the other is still sleeping. The gym here was also very nice with new equipment. I had breakfast in their restaurant. It was average....not really worth the price. Skip it and go to McDonald's around the block. The location is excellent, just a short walk to the John Hancock building. My only complaint is that we kept hearing a noise in the bathroom wall. We finally called down to complain only b/c I had difficulty sleeping b/c of the noise. They sent up a repair man very quickly, but he could not fix the problem. Something about the pipes in the wall shrinking and expanding, so we were stuck with the noise. I wish the hotel staff would have at least offered to put us in another room. That's the only fault I could really find though.	
Jan 9 2008 	Fantastic French hotel with stunning views.	One of the greatest hotels that I have ever stayed in! I was over from the UK on business and I picked my girlfriend up from Chicago airport and decided to make use of the valet service. They were brilliant. Car was taken off me and the bags were in the room before I knew it. We had a meal in the restaurant which was very very good and not too formal. There were lovers, families and business people all in the same surroundings without anyone looking out of place. The bar was great and stayed open until 2am at the weekend which was great fun! The room was a little small but nevertheless the views from the 23rd floor were amazing! Our wardrobe door was broken which was a pain but we were having so much fun I could not be bothered to report it until we left!! Superb location. Stayed for two nights.Believe all the reviews this hotel is awesome! 10/10	
Jan 2 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic	We loved loved loved the Sofitel and Chicago. We had a five night stay to celebrate two 30th birthdays, both our rooms were fab with gorgeous views of the John Hancock building. We had strawberries dipped in chocolate on arrival waiting in our room. The cleaning staff were unreal, we never saw them but any time we left our room we came back to a cleaned room with fresh towels, also a small bottle of evian each every night. The reception, door and bar staff were extremely friendly - as was almost everyone we met in this wonderful city. The hotel is in the best location, everything was in walking distance, great restaurants, bars and shopping. As a frequent traveller to New York, I have to say that Chicago blew it out of the water for our group and we will certainly be back... and will definately stay at the Sofitel.	
Jan 1 2008	Fantastic!!!	We stayed here for 5 days in Dec 07. Ours was a standard room on the 17th floor. Room was a good size with an amazing bathroom. The windows were floor to ceiling, which made the room feel light and open, and we had a nice view. The bed was very comfortable! Location was fantastic. Less than a 5min walk from the Hancock Tower &amp; Mag Mile.The staff were efficient, friendly, and very helpful, especially the concierge desk.We did not use the hotel restaurant, bar or room service, so can't comment on those.There is free internet access on the 2nd floor, which could sometimes get busy, but was handy if you quickly needed to check e-mails etc. We booked direct using the Sofitel website and paid roughly £100 per night, which for such a lovely hotel with a fantastic location, in my opinion was a bargain.	
Dec 21 2007 	Modern and Beautiful	We stayed here for five days in October 2007, in a standard room. The check in process was very swift and the deskperson provided us with maps and useful advice when he realized we were tourists. He even suggested places to avoid, and we appreciated his candor.Our room was a beautiful but tiny gem, with floor to ceiling windows. The bath was very large, and equally attractive, with an awesome rolling barn-style door. The bath layout is very open, so there's not much privacy, though the size of the room could have permitted a separate toilet area.There are several computers with free internet access in the business center and the free fitness room is nicely equipped. Check out the bathrooms on the second floor near the conference rooms-- wow!.Overall, we found the design, location, and service to be excellent. The room was expensive (~300/nt, I found the best deal on the Sofitel site), but I suppose that's not so bad for Chicago.Because of the tiny room sizes, I suggest that they switch to flat screen TVs. The TV took up nearly the entire table at the foot of the bed, making the room feel cluttered and cramped. This certainly didn't detract from our stay though!	
Dec 19 2007 	Wonderful stay at the Sofitel	We stayed at the Sofitel for a brief getaway. From check in the service was prompt and exceptional. We were given early check in and because we were celebrating a special occasion given chocolate covered strawberries (a nice touch). The room was tastefully decorated. The location is great, just one block from the Hancock bldg. On departure we had late check out. The bellman were prompt and the concierge extremely helpful with restaurant advice and obtaining last minute reservations. This hotel is truly deserving of one of the finest ratings in the city.	
Dec 19 2007 	Luxury respite from the cold	Really loved this hotel. November in Chicago was cold as expected which made it all the nicer to return after a day of sightseeing to a quality hotel. It felt cosy - really nice bed and bathroom and we felt at home in our 4night stay. The staff were friendly. Good central location for walking and metro stop near too. We had a great view from our room and the great design of the building meant it was easily recognisable amongst the skyscrapers on our return home at the end of the day. Had to shop around for a good price but it was worth it!	
Dec 19 2007	Wonderful Hotel	We had a weeks stay at the Sofitel in November. We found the hotel to be wonderful, the decor and overall look of the hotel is very nice. One thing I particullary liked was that every evening in the lobby they lit scented candles, which smelt gorgeous and gave it a really nice feel.The room was a good size with a very clean bathroom and great shower. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud!As for the location, it was just right for us. It's a very short walk from Michigan Avenue and just aound the corner from the subway stop. Up north from the hotel, on rush street there are some really good bars and restaurants.Overall we had a wonderful stay at the Sofitel, and could not complain, definately recommended!	
Dec 16 2007 	Luxury hotel	Great hotel, especially for the money. Nice size room (and we booked the standard), great treatment by all staff, plenty of fast elevators, excellent food in restaurant - someone complained about the portions - note Sofitels are a French chain so you receive French portions - if you want to stuff yourself Fogo de Chao is an excellent Brazilan restaurant not far away where you can eat and eat and eat! I love this location a block or two from the Hancock building - great for shopping or just roaming this part of the city and more - we walked to Navy Pier one day and the Daley Center the next. There's a McCormick &amp; Shmick's right across the street - Bistro 110 is on the next block - the list goes on... I would stay here again in a heartbeat but to give a complete review let me note a few things that may or may not be negative: older tv's - you pay for internet in the room - you pay $40/day for parking - while the beds are fabulous, we did ask for and received softer pillows and no top sheet is provided just a wonderful comforter - no mouthwash provided - no coffeemaker in room but free morning coffee in cafe - the lounge/bar is so popular it is nearly impossible to find a seat after 7pm - no tourist info in room but just ask conciere - if you have any questions or concerns about ANYTHING, ask for a &quot;focus manager&quot; - this hotel is very service friendly - but you may have to ask.	
Nov 28 2007 	Absolutely great	We had a absolutely fantastic stay in the Sofitel Hotel in Chicago. The rooms are amazing and the city view is stunning! All the staff have been very friendly to any time from the cleaner to the receiptionist all have been very kind. The room especially the bathroom was spacious. I definitely regret that we have stayed too long in New York in the Hilton as this was totally overpriced and average. I definitley recommand the hotel. By the way the food is also great and the prices are reasonable. The location is fantastic just 1 or 2 blocks from the main shopping street. Just a great hotel with great rooms, great location, great staff and also great architecture.	
Nov 24 2007 	Excellent hotel!!	Spacious room, very, very comfortable bed, attentive service and a hotel staff who would do everything they can to help.I could not recomend this hotel highly enough!!	
Nov 23 2007	Sofitel Chicago Water Tower = Top Notch	I had a fantastic stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. The service is perfect and the rooms are clean and tasteful. The hotel is ideally situated near the Magnificent Mile and taxis are always at your disposal around the corner of the hotel to explore the city. The staff is friendly and did their utmost to make my stay as pleasant as possible. I highly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure travellers.	
Nov 22 2007 	Fantastic!	We recently stayed at the Sofitel for four nights and were thoroughly impressed. My husband &amp; I along with our 2 children (ages 11 &amp; 13) were in town for a family wedding &amp; chose the Sofitel after reading the reviews on trip advisor. The hotel surpassed our expectations in all areas: service, ambiance, convenience &amp; comfort (our king size feather mattress was incredible). We had booked a king room with city views and were upgraded to a king suite with a sofa sleeper at check in. The 2 room suite was huge &amp; had wrap around views of the city. They even provided an extra twin feather blow up bed at no charge as our kids didn't want to sleep together. Anytime we called roomservice, housekeeping, the concierge or the front desk they responded promptly, professionally &amp; in a few instances went above &amp; beyond the call of duty. My husband &amp; I have travelled quite a bit all over the world &amp; this hotel is definitely on our top 10 list. Cheers to the Sofitel!	
Nov 7 2007 	Attention to detail and great package	I booked the romance package through Sofitel.com, a little over a grand for the weekend and the perks were well worth the price. I travel too often and the Sofitel made my wife and I very relaxed. Seems like the stars aligned as everything was perfect. Early check in, dinner at the hotel restaurant, the suite was perfect - feather stuffed bed, seperate living area, giant bath. European feel. Location in Chicago was perfect - walking distance to lake and shopping, short cab to other districts. Ill recommend this hotel to all my friends travelling to the city.	
Nov 6 2007 	spotlessly clean and well located	Great bathroom, amazing beds and all over good service.I did have a couple of issues like the gorgeously presented but woefully small dinner portions at the Cafe de Architectes and this was resolved by the manager as soon as I brought it to his attention. If you must have your coffee in the A.M. it is complimentary for guests in the cafe. I was not told this when I checked in and this was also taken care of immediately when brought to the manager's attention.,These folks really are very responsive and want your complete satisfaction....just ask if there is anything you need. The hotel is luxurious and our room was quiet with a nice view.Will stay there again..	
Oct 29 2007 	Perfect room and location	Three night stay from October 27, Very good rates through Orbitz. Very nice, clean, and fresh room. Separate shower and tub in full size bathroom. Comfortable bed. TV needs upgrading with more channel choices. Very helpful staff with outstanding service. Great location for the Mag Mile, dining, and site seeing. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice stay at Sofitel!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights during an anniversary trip in April. The hotel location is perfect for walking to Michigan Ave. and other shopping/eating areas. Also, there is a little market cafe (The Goddess and Grocer) just to the north on Wabash that has delicious breakfast and quick lunch items. The Sofitel is also a short walk to many public transportation routes if you don't need to get a rental car. The staff were amazing, very friendly! They put chocolate covered strawberries and a lovely card in our room to wish us a happy anniversary. They even let us check out late at 3pm to accomodate our late flight home. The rooms were clean (although small), beds were comfortable and amenities were plenty. The bathroom has a separate tub and shower but the tub is tiny and very shallow, not the most relaxing. Overall it is very nicely designed, superb staff and excellent location, we will be back!	
Oct 22 2007 	Really enjoyed stay	The Sofitel was great - modern decor, marble bathroom with huge shower and separate tub, helpful and friendly staff, so close to Magnificent Mile shopping and lots of restaurants. I signed up for their Privilege card which helped me get early checkin and late checkout, one complimentary drink and a small gift (chocolates). Small bottle of Evian water was provided with turndown service each night. Conference facilities and food were also very good.Minor dislikes - noisy air conditioner and clunky tv in the room.	
Oct 17 2007 	Wonderful Experience	My stay at Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was just wonderful. From the excellent client service to the beautiful room and facilities, I could not have stayed at a better place. The staff was beyond helpful and always kind. This is the first hotel I've stayed at in a very long time where I felt that I didn't need to disinfect everything first! Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 14 2007 	First class all the way	Sofitel is very sophisticated in a modern, European style. I booked through whatahotel.com and got an upgrade, free breakfast, even a nice appetizer, a better deal than Amex Platinum fine hotels. The hotel itself is in perfect location, near Peninsula and Park Hyatt. Architecturally, it is a fascinating structure. Check in was quick and pleasant, and I got a large suite with a great living room, huge bathroom and magnificent bedroom. The only negative is the television set. Oddly enough, they are old and clunky, really a dissapointment in such a plush and luxurious setting. The bed was super comfortable and the suite was enormous. Breakfast was delicious, and the bar on the second floor is active and fun. I don't see how you can go wrong here.	
Oct 11 2007 	Lovely Stay	If you want to have great service and be in a perfect location forall that Chicago has to offer, then this hotel is for you.Everything from check in to check out went smoothly and this could not have been a better travel experience.We made an early check-in request when the reservation was booked but were told to call the front desk 1 hour before our arrival. We called that morning and the rooms were blocked out for us in advance. We checked in and were in our rooms by 10:30am! Breakfast at the hotel restaurant was delish and reasonably priced. Location could not be matched for the $$$.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great choice in Chicago	Based on the reviews of this site, we decided to stay at the Sofitel for two nights at the end of August. We couldn't have been happier.The location is perfect, right off Rush Street and a block from the John Hancock building. It is only three short blocks from the Chicago station on the red line and less than 30 minutes to the river on foot.The rate of $235 per night for a top floor (on 31st) was a steal. We booked directly on the hotel website and got the 15 day advanced booking discount.As others mentioned, the rooms aren't huge but the mirrored closet and full length windows make it appear more open. The bathrooms are heavenly, and I made good use of the soaking tub both nights. The beds are very comfortable and I usually don't sleep well at hotels.We only ate breakfast at the cafe once, it was okay and the waiter was very conscientious of the fact we were in a hurry. Drinks at the bar were great; a little pricey but comparable to other area establishments.Lastly, the concierge desk was very helpful. The recommendation for dinner at Le Colonial was right on point.We would recommend to others and will likely stay again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Could Have Been Better	October 3rd, 2007My wife and I stayed at The Sofitel toward the end of September 2007.The hotel is VERY modern. The room was immaculate, but the furiture looked as though it came from IKEA. It was chipped in many places. The light switches were difficult to find, and the HVAC made noise. However, the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large and well maintained. Housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted. The restaurant was small. You can eat for less at a 24 hour restaurant around the corner called Tempo. If you want a truly great breakfast try The Peninsula Hotel. However, after dining there you might not want to return to The Sofitel.Prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full. When we checked in, we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals. Upon returning home, we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the Sofitel had an authorization placed on it. This reduced the line of credit, and it took several days to be removed from the card.Great location! Reasonable value. If you have a Privilege Card they allow you to check out at 4pm as opposed to 12 in the afternoon.	
Oct 2 2007 	What a great hotel..what a great city!	We planned a weekend in Chicago to break up our journey from the UK to San Fran. What an inspired choice! Chicago is a must visit city, such beautiful architecture, friendly people and it must be the cleanest city in the US. We chose the Sofitel for it's central location (close to the shopping) and it could not have been better. Out three nights there were a treat ~ fantastic service from everyone we encountered and we did not hear one sound when we were in the spacious and very comfortable room on the 29th floor.Oh and my wife has not stopped talking about &quot;the most comfortable bed she has ever slept in!&quot;.The room had great views of the lake and the surrounding skyscrapers. I hugely recommend this hotel and the surrounding area is great for bars and restaurants too.	
Oct 1 2007 	Sofitel Water Tower is Sensational!	Just spent the weekend in Chicago at the Sofitel Water Tower. What a fantastic place. We got a great rate for a really fabulous room. Beds are amazing, as are the linen &amp; towels. Rooms kept to very high standard. Foyer and public areas are modern and groovy. Great staff, wonderful location. Breakfast was good, would have preferred buffet style. A great place to experience Chicago.	
Sep 29 2007 	not as good as these reviews make out	We stayed here for 2 nights having previously stayed at the Sofitel in New York some time ago. The hotels do not bear comparison. Chicago is a large impersonal place lacking in any soul or atmosphere. The room was surprisingly small and was not the double double I booked from their website. On the plus side the room was spotless and had everything you would expect from the flagship Sofitel brand. It did not , however, represent value for money and I expect you can get better deals for the money elsewhere in Chicago. Also for the price I was astonished to have to pay for a WiFi connection.	
Sep 25 2007 	Good Choice and Location....	Stayed for 2 nights and upon arrival we were given Room# 3202 on top floor, but room windows have a structural problem and condensation builds up and you can't see a thing. Went down to Front Desk and within 15 minutes were given a new room #2914 which had a fantastic view towards Lake and Hancock Tower. Hotel has a sleek Euro feel, and room was nicely appointed. Turn down service provided 2 free bottles of water every night. It is centrally located near lots of shooping and restaurants near Mag Mile. Will definitely stay here again as our $270 per nite rate was excellent.	
Sep 21 2007 	Not impressed at all	I stayed here for 1 night for business. Granted I arrived very late, but the hotel failed to impress me. The hotel thought I was arriving at 10 AM (instead of 10 PM), so they cancelled my reservation when I didn't show up at 10 AM (even though the room was prepaid for 2 nights). Being a French owned hotel, it took forever for the staff to acknowledge the hotel's mistake and finally give me the room which my company had already paid for. The room was okay. On the plus side, the bed was extremely plush and comfortable, and the bathroom was extremely large - almost as big as the bedroom (which is on the small side for the price). However, my first impression when I walked into the room was that the furniture looked like it came from IKEA. It was all blonde, modern Scandinavian wood that was probably much more expensive than it looked (it looked like cheap veneer, quite frankly). The lobby was more Euro modernist decor - and the hotel keeps it dark at night for some reason. My meeting was at the W Lakefront, whose decorator is apparently a Euro wannabe...	
Sep 20 2007 	Excellent hotel in hard to beat location	Just back after spending almost 2 weeks at this hotel, no complaints at all, spotlessly clean and great service from start to finish. Upgraded to a suite at check in, well worth the extra cost. Bathroom opulent and generally everything about the hotel is very classy. Location is super, 1 minute walk from the magnificent mile and Hancock Tower. Plenty of places to eat and drink nearby, and wonderful city views from most rooms. Glad to recommend this hotel, and would certainly stay there again. Air con in roms was great as it was in the 90s for most of my stay.	
Sep 15 2007 	Excellent choice	We really enjoyed the Sofitel, it was in an excellent location was clean and the beds were to die for so comfortable. We only had breakfast in the restaurant so cant comment on lunches or dinners but what we had for breakfast was v. good and not expensive either.	
Sep 7 2007 	Best in the City	My husband and I spent Labor Day weekend at the hotel and from the minute we pulled up to valet (word of caution, it's $40 per day) until we checked out, we were delighted by the experience. At check in, we were upgraded to an upper level room that directly faced the Hancock Building...fabulous view! The rooms are styled similar to those in the trendier European hotels (reminded me so much of hotels I've stayed in when in Holland). We couldn't beat the location, service, and style for the price. We actually thought it was a steal. I'd recommend pre-paying if possible. We saved $150 on our bill by doing so. We'll be staying at the Sofitel when we visit Chicago from now on.	
Sep 3 2007 	Best beds and hotel in Chicago!	Do not stay at this hotel if you plan to do any sightseeing as the beds are seriously comfortable - you will not want to leave!The hotel is ideally located just off Michigan Avenue (2 blocks), but far enough away that you don't have all the hustle and bustle. The location of course makes it ideal for shopping and the sightseeing if you can get out of bed, or it's of course perfect for collapsing into after a hard day!The rooms are modern and well furnished, with fantastic views of Chicago. Did I mention how great the beds were?!The restaurant (Cafe Des Architectes) was really nice with great breakfast, although I found the service a bit of a let down.I really can't rave about this hotel enough and it would be my first choice in Chicago (and other locations) in future!	
Sep 2 2007	Remains the top hotel for the money	Returned to this hotel recently for another weekend getaway to chicago. In the 3 years that I have been staying here can say that the experience remains above-average. Whilst my style of hotel would run more towards that of the Peninsula, I prefer the feeling ofbeing at this hotel.-Rooms continue to be well-maintained; super clean, beds extremely comfortable, ample toiletries. I have generally stayed in suites here but arranged a room for my brother that he indicated was extremely comfortable.-Service always great; polite, friendly and helpful staff are the general rule here.-Sofitel bar; one of the best hotel bars you will find in chicago; great vibe, great service, outstanding meeting place. Major plus for this hotel.Because my objectives in chicago are only 2-night weekend getaways perhaps I do not seek as much from a hotel than others on this site but I cannot recall anything negative about this hotel. Highly recommend.	
Aug 25 2007	Wonderful	I've stayed at MANY MANY hotels (for business and pleasure) and I have to say that Sofitel Chicago is probably the BEST hotel experience I've ever had! We went to this hotel for a romantic getaway weekend and simply loved the entire experience.OVERALLFirst of all the hotel is VERY French (french style, french decor, french staff). My boyfriend is also French so I think it felt a bit like home to him. The staff were also curteous, genuine, and helpful. THE ROOMOur room had floor to ceiling windows with an unbelievable view of the entire city. The decor was fantastic - everything looked new and modern, the beds were AMAZING and the lighting/ ambiance in the room was perfect. THE FOODThe food at the hotel restaurant was great - not blow your mind away amazing - but for the price it was quite good. The best part is that they bake their own French bread - and it's INCREDIBLE. They even sent us home with a fashionable looking doggie bag full of fresh baked bread.	
Aug 23 2007	Great location stylish and value for money	Had a wonderful experience at the sofitel. Have had not so great experiences at other sofitels (found them very sterile). Chicago sofitel was in a perfect location for going out and shopping, rooms were sizaeable, clean and stylish. Rate for the hotel (about USD 260 / night) was far cheaper than the nearby Peninsula or four seasons. Would definitely recommend it - good business center as well	
Aug 21 2007	A good stay but not entirely worth the $$$	Hubby and I stayed here this past weekend (Aug 17-Aug 19) The service from the staff was very, very attentive. I think, after valeting our car, we had 6 people greet us and/or open doors for us. It was stunning! Check in was ok, but I had booked this hotel 6 months ago and had called once before my stay to make sure they had my Sofitel privlege card in the system. I was assured they did. Upon check-in, I found out, they did not. We did end up getting our 'free drink' coupon but not until the very end of our stay (when we could no longer use it.) Also, no newspaper outside of our door at all. One of the big pluses I like about staying at any hotel is the free newspapers to read. I can't believe we were paying over 350 per night and didn't even get a lousy newspaper. The room was nice, but certainly nowhere close to being one of the nicest I've stayed in. Not even equipped with flat screen televisions. Hubby commented on that right away. So odd. The sitting room was all 'art deco' and was not very 'welcoming' really. Would have been perfect if we had been hosting people for drinks or something, which we were not, but the area was not very comfortable to just 'hang out in.' The TV was placed so far away from the couch that faced it, that the whole scheme of the 'sitting room' didn't make much sense. The location of the hotel is good. It's a couple of blocks from the 'top' of the Magnificent Mile of shopping, but not far from everything if you are up to a walk and are in good health. Definitely go next door to the Tempo Grill for breakfast. It's fast and very good! The highlight of the Sofitel is the excellent concierge. One of them (named Jackie) actually got us an extra last minute ticket to a sold-out Second City show (we had tickets but needed one for a friend.) All of our interactions with the concierge at this hotel were top notch. All in all, it's a nice hotel. It's well decorated and very attentive staff. However, the little things like not having a view of the lake (from most rooms,) not having a daily newspaper delivery, and not being right on the Mag. Mile, are detractors when you are paying what we were paying. I don't feel like I wasted my $$ but I do feel that I could have gotten more for less (if that makes sense.)	
Aug 19 2007	Clean beautiful and friendly	It is one of the best hotels that I've ever stayed at--and I'm very picky.Pro's: great location one block off busy Michighan Ave  terrific restaurant and outdoor cafe friendly unpretenscious staff incredibly clean and brand new sleek decor hip international clientelle I always felt safe (see theft stories below)Con's: it can be a little pricey (I paid @315.00/night) no adjoining rooms great city views but not much of a lake view 40.00/day for valet parkingOverall a wonderful experience. I almost stayed at the Drake-but I'm very glad I didn't. I checked it out while I was there and it has become very dated and run down.	
Aug 18 2007 	Sofitel architecture mixed staff	Stayed here one night in the summer for a convention. The location is not on the lake, nor on Michigan Ave, and in fact there are so many tall buildings around, that even on high floors, the lake is barely visible. Three blocks to Rush street/nightlife was ok. The interior is Sofitel chic, kind of like a W but not so dark, if you get what I mean. There are many rich people lurking in the lobby and bar, so it feels as rich as it looks.One of the staff had a French accent, but the rest did not, and in fact only one was the expected &quot;Sofitel-attentive&quot;. She made up for the others, although the laissez-faire trait came out a tad---oh to be in Paris again. The room was decent, not huge but deluxe in many ways. The doors to the bathroom were double wooden doors, the bath itself was huge and opulent. The desk could have been more functional, in more of a &quot;glad they thought of that&quot; sort of a way. The concierege was outstanding. Overall, I liked this place, The Millenium Knoickerbocker I stayed at a while back was horribly old and noisy and just below par for what she should have been.The Peninsula nearby has to be one of my all-time favorites in Chicago. That place has it all-modernity, cleanliness, service, coolness---just a great place. The Sofitel was not that but still in in the top 25%. For perspective, I stay in these type of hotels 10-15 times a year in the US. 75% business, the rest with family for pleasure.	
Aug 16 2007	Excellent	We had a junior suite on the 25th floor, it was excellent. The suite was huge, had a lovely king bed and was beautifully decorated throughout. In fact, the entire hotel was beautifully decorated and thoughtfully designed. The hotel staff were all first class, reception were prompt and very polite and the concierge was the most knowledgeable I have ever encountered.We didn't eat in the restaurant although it was always busy. There are many great places to eat within a very short distance of the hotel.The hotel is very well situated just a block or so from some great shopping on Michigan Avenue and you can also catch the trolley tour bus outside the Hancock Centre.Would certainly recommend this hotel to others looking for good quality four-star accommodation. We'll definitely stay there the next time we visit Chicago.	
Aug 15 2007 	Love the Sofitel	I agree with all the positive reviews below. The Sofitel is a wonderful hotel. Very modern, contemporary. Love the lighting in the lobby. Bathroom was VERY CLEAN. Loved the robes. I had one very minor complaint about housekeeping just barging in on two separate occasions (I was nearly naked both times). Wrote about it on the survey I received after stay and mgmt responded very promptly with an apology. I would definitely stay here again and I highly recommend it.	
Aug 10 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!	This is an excellent choice when looking for a hotel in Chicago. From the moment we checked in, we noticed the attention to detail in everything from the flowers in the foyer to the service of the staff. The room was clean and modern with a bed that was so comfortable that we didn't want to get up. We slept so well! We found an excellent deal on the internet and were able to stay here for the price of less luxurious hotels. We were very happy with our choice and our stay. You will not be disappointed with this hotel.	
Aug 10 2007 	I never wanna stay anywhere else in Chicago	The outside of the hotel is pleasing to the eye and very classy. The front desk staff is so attentive and wonderful. We got to the hotel at 8:30am on a Thursday after a red eye and requested to check in early. They didn't have rooms available yet, as check out wasn't until 12pm and check in wasn't usually until 3pm, but they said they could give us a room by 1pm. They also didn't bat an eye when I advised them that my boyfriend was allergic to down feathers and said they would &quot;defeather&quot; the room. We left to go sightseeing after leaving our bags with the bellman (very patient while we organized ourselves!) but the woman at the front desk asked for a phone number to contact us once our room was ready. She gave us a call at 11am and left a message to let us know our room was ready and our keys were at the front desk.There were robes for each of us in the room which was nice. The room was simple and modern, but very pleasing to the eye. We were on the 10th floor with a view of the buildings (Hancock tower was viewable) and a small courtyard/park next to the hotel. The bed and pillows were wonderfully comfortable and the bathroom was gorgeous, complete with marble tiles, shower and counter. Full size hair dryer was supplied (not the connected to the wall mini kind!!), separate tub. And there are speakers in the bathroom so you can hear the TV in the bedroom! Magnified mirror in the bathroom (helpful for shaving to my boyfriend!) along with a live bamboo plant in the bathroom. The lounge is nice, very modern with a good vibe, but currently allows smokers which was a disappointment. STRONG martinis, but very attentive service to go along with it. Great atmosphere. Didn't eat at the Cafe des Architectes but hear it's very good. There is a small adorable boutique shop that is just adorable and has wonderful items available including soaps, lotions, jewelry, intimates and novelty books. I voiced my only displeasure (smoking in lounge) in their survey after my stay and promptly received a personalized e-mail from the hotel manager. I love this personal service, wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. This is an awesome location close to Hancock tower, the shops/mall and just everything we were looking for!!	
Aug 7 2007 	What a great hotel!!!!	This was a great Hotel we stayed one night for our anniversary and this was a top choice, the bed was the best and service very good and it is a great location, only downfall when retrieving my car they said come on down in 10 minutes and it took 30.	
Aug 6 2007 	Not as good as expected but still a great hotel	As the reviews here will confirm, this is a really nice property in an ideal location. It has a crisp, contemporary feel that is certainly more W than Four Seasons, yet more upscale than a typical W. Lots of dark colors, dark wood, moody lighting, frosted glass, and some transparent tiles in the lobby floor that change colors. Cool architecture from the outside if you're walking toward the hotel from several blocks away at the right angle. Shopping and dining within blocks of the hotel is incredible. We had a particularly good dinner at Le Colonial and a nice Summer lunch on the sidewalk patio of the Tavern on Rush.The room wasn't too large but was designed with clean lines, a very comfortable bed, and a pretty marble bathroom with a separate tub and shower. The hidden speaker in the bathroom that pipes in the TV audio was a fantastic touch. We had nice views from the 26th floor, and although we were right next to the elevator and the hotel seemed pretty full, we never heard any noise from the hall. Housekeeping did an excellent job.I wanted to give the Soiftel a 5, but after a big service blunder, I can't justify anything more than a 4. Service was generally friendly and efficient during the stay, but we had a rough start. We checked in at 10:30am, and knowing the room wouldn't be ready, we had a bellman check our 3 bags (I also tipped him up front) and I gave the desk clerk our 3 baggage claim tags and asked her to have the bags sent up to the room when it was ready. We knew we'd return at around 6pm and didn't have much time before dinner to change and head back out. Upon return only 2 of the 3 bags made it to the room. After 3 calls and about 30 minutes of waiting for them to bring it up, we got no response. I couldn't wait any longer or we'd be late for dinner, so I went down to the lobby and found that no one had even attempted to find the bag. Nobody at the front desk (where all bell desk calls seem to be routed) had taken ownership of the issue and the bellmen didn't seem to be aware that we needed the bag --- which was sitting in the bell closet the whole time. I wouldn't have cared much if they had forgotten to send one of the bags up and then delivered it right away when I called, but that didn't happen. I was disappointed in how this was handled and no one really seemed to care. Other than the above issue, we enjoyed the Sofitel and thought the $275 summer weekend rate was pretty fair. If the top hotels in town (Peninsula, Four Seasons, Park Hyatt, Ritz-Carlton) aren't double the Sofitel's rate the next time I'm in Chicago, I'll probably try one of those instead. They were all in the $450-600 per night this trip, and I just couldn't justify the difference.	
Aug 2 2007 	Wonderful!	Stayed two nights at the Sofitel. Absolutely wonderful hotel. Great location. Short walk to Mag Mile and the heart of Rush Street. Every staff person I talked to was extremely kind and went above and beyond in every way. The room was very modern. The room itself was not overly big, but the bathroom was large with a separate tub and shower. We ate at the French restaurant in the lobby. The food was good. We had beef and fish and both were prepared and seasoned perfectly. We had a couple of wine flights that were very tasty. The lobby bar was also very lively, although they do allow smoking there, but the atmosphere overall was very nice.	
Aug 1 2007 	Outstanding Location and Staff	Booked this hotel after reading reviews on your site and was very pleased with the choice. We joined the Sofitel Privilege scheme as suggested elsewhere on this site and was allocated a high level room in the hotel with a good view. The room was clean and well furnished. The bathroom - separate shower and bath was luxurious with a good selection of toiletries. The staff could not do enough for you and were always available to assist in planning trips, giving advice on the transport system and pointing out places to eat. We did not try the hotel food as there were plenty of places to eat nearby -good spots included Bistro 110 just round the corner and the lively eateries just down Rush street. With the Einstein Brothers for breakfast and a Deli adjacent to the hotel it was always easy to get any food required. The Hotel's location to the Magnificent mile makes it a superb place to stay and its location off Rush Street gives access to the night life. Ideal for a shopping trip and sightseeing. The free trolley service from the water tower serves all the major attractions - but it is possible to walk as far as Navy Pier, Millenium Park or the loop from the Hotel.Would certainly stay here again if in Chicago. Contray to other comments on this site - security in and around the hotel was excellent and rooms contained a free digital safe and a deadlook on the inside of the door.A wonderful experience!	
Jul 30 2007 	This is a wonderful urban hotel	We stayed at this Sofitel during a freezing, blustery, cold week-end in February. Our large and stylish room became a refuge from the Arctic conditions outside. The room was designed with an elegant, understated modernity and like all Sofitels around the world, was created with fine fabrics and linens. The bathroom was large and utterly comfortable. Service at the hotel could not be better and we absolutely loved the breakfast at the hotel restaurant. I worked out in their well equipped gym which allowed me to partake of Chicago's fine cuisine. The hotel is located in a fine neighborhood a few blocks from the bars of Rush Street and the shopping of Michigan Avenue. This is a hotel that other city accommodations should try to emulate. You cannot do better, in this price range, in Chicago.	
Jul 28 2007 	Great hotel	We really enjoyed our two night stay at the Sofitel.Our high-floor room was stylish and well furnished and had a decent view of the city. The location is great for the magnificent mile and other shopping, dining, the Hancock Centre and the Museum of Contemporary Art. It's less convenient for the business district but that wasn't really a problem for us.The bar was excellent (but would be even better if they'd stop playing insipid techno music in the background - it isn't sophisticated, it isn't French and hardly anybody in Europe listens to it so just stop, OK?).We didn't have the opportunity to eat in the hotel as there was so much choice in the surrounding area including a great McCormick &amp; Schmick's just across the street.The staff and valet attendants were well-presented, friendly and attentive, proving that you can do &quot;cool&quot; and &quot;welcoming&quot; at the same time.Aside from a bit of confusion at check-in (which might have been my fault, as the Accor website asks for first names and surnames in the reverse of the usual order) this was a near-perfect stay.It comes at a price but it's worth it!	
Jul 26 2007	High Five	The staff at this Hotel is excellent. Every employee from Reservationist to check out was efficient and professional.	
Jul 25 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	I adored everything about this hotel: the decor, the service, the room, the bed, the view, the elevators, everything. The hotel restaurant &quot;Cafe des Architectes&quot; is well worth the money (especially for breakfast). If you love comfortable modern chic with extremely friendly people, this is the hotel for you. I highly recommend staying here.	
Jul 24 2007 	Fabulous Hotel excellent location great weekend!	Just returned from a weekend in Chicago that was just fabulous! Arrived at Midway &amp; took the train to the hotel (had one super easy transfer with elevators for luggage and got off at Chicago and walked all of a block to the hotel), as a matter of fact we pretty much exclusively used public transportation all weekend except for one night to dinner.The weather all weekend was not to be beat, so of course that helped the overall experience…we checked in with ease. Got a really sweat deal on the Sofitel website that included breakfast for two in the $275/nite cost &amp; it was well worth it!. To my surprised we were booked on the top floor, 32nd. Fabulous views, request this if you can. The room was immaculate, bathroom was over the top with all the marble and oversized shower. And most importantly the bed was comfortable, not the best I have ever slept on for this price, but the feather top made it nice. The only complaint here would be that they did not have down pillows, most hotels at this level do. But honestly that is the only thing I can find to complain about.This is a very international hotel with guests from all over the world, which makes it fun and interesting. The lobby and public spaces are modern but very comfortable. The bar was hopping every night, very much a lounge setting. I did use the wireless for my computer and they use T-mobile at $10 a day, this is not included in the room fee (they also have hard wire connections). The highlight was started each day with breakfast (for no additional charge!) everyday. Its not one of those insane buffets, you order from the menu and literally whatever you want. Order eggs, pancakes and French toast? Yup, they take it all off the check at the end. They have indoor and outdoor seating as well. Oddly enough, I got a message on the phone one afternoon that our breakfast was comped because we had to wait a bit that morning to get our order taken and were sorry for that. that is the act of a hotel that takes its business seriously. The only issue I had was that when we checked out all the tips I had left at breakfast were wiped out along with the food costs, so I had them add the money back to my bill as they apparently all pool tips. The service at the hotel was quite attentive, from the restaurant to the doormen, with one exception….We have found that one of the best ways to see almost any city is on a bicycle, and Chicago is no exception. We covered so much ground in one day it was insane, and you are not so exhausted at the end of the day you can’t sit up for dinner. So the bed hotel incident was when we came back to the hotel at one point to grab something one of the valets coming out of the garage with a car almost took out my boyfriend on the bike, it was so close he had to drop the bike in front of the car and get out of the way, the guy just did not look before he pulled out like a bad out of hell. No one was hurt and I am not all that sure the valet understood what happened as his English was rather limited. That was the only issue, there are a lot of people coming &amp; going in that area, their entrance is fairly tight, so they should just be more careful in general.So, the bike tour…first I can’t say enough about the Chicago Greeter program! This is a service the city offers where you can hook up with someone that lives in Chicago that will give you a personalize tour for free! Who better to show you the town than the locals?! You can pick from a variety of tours or request your own, which is what I did. We asked for a bike tour of neighborhoods. You can certainly get these from the bike touring companies (and I have done those before) but nothing beats the personal service and touch of this program. Aside from its FREE, as in their service if free and the bike rental was free, insane! They get the bike from the same company everyone else rents but the fee is waived through the greeter program. Who knew!We took the train down to the park and walked the rest of the way. Marshall was there waiting for us and we got on our way. Interesting to note on this Chicago Greeter program – they like you to book at least 2 weeks in advance and it was needed for the custom program I requested (no big deal) but they all have “greeter on demand” (or something like that) on the weekends, so you can go in there and get someone if they are available. I think there are like 200 volunteers in this program, many of them retirees, and its just a really fun way to learn more about the city as opposed to some canned script.We toured around for about 2+ hours and saw much of Chicago that I had not seen before. Again, on the bike you can see all of Grant and Millennium Parks in a fraction of the time to walk it, and stop along the way when you like. Also, what is fabulous about Chicago is Mayor Daley and his serious commitment to biking as transportation. There are bike lanes on streets, racks on all buses, bike route map for the city streets and bike directional signs on the streets – it makes a big difference. You can really feel comfortable that even if you don’t know the city you can make your way around without being too intimidated.From there we then rented the bikes for another 4 hours (this we had to pay for) and rode all over the place. We trekked out to Wicker Park and Bucktown, we definitely got the “neighborhood” feel out there. Walked through a mass of eclectic shops &amp; had a bite and headed back through Lincoln Park (lots of nice shopping) – very nice area. Then through more parks and out to the shore and then returned the bikes. It was awesome fun! So much we would have never seen on foot alone.For highlights on the weekend we went to one of the most expensive restaurants of my life, Spiaggia, but the food &amp; service was pretty darn excellent. They do courses, which I love, because you get to try so many flavors without being so full you can’t breath at the end of the evening. The waiter even suggested a great wine that was under $100, no small task when bottles went as high as $800+. Was a great way to kick off the weekend on the first night. Around the corner from the hotel on Rush St is Downtown Dog, a take out hotdog place that is just the bomb, always have to hit that when I go to Chicago. One night was dinner up Rush Street at Carmines (I thin) it was really late when we ate so finding a place was not that easy, food was great, I have been there before as well. One night we headed south of the Loop to the Chicago Firehouse in search in steak. This place is nice, an old firehouse that has been restored, very cool space &amp; also has outdoor seating. The food as good, not over the top fabulous, but the change of scenery was nice, apparently Mayor Daley moved down to this emerging part of town and hangs there a lot. Our waiter Noel was excellent, has been there since they opened, the service all around was quite good. And closed it out with a game at Wrigley field! Great fans and the mini-stadium seating on top of the houses surrounding the ball park was something you have to see in person!	
Jul 22 2007 	Modern clean and fun	If you're gonna stay in downtown Chicago, you're likely going to pay over $200/night. You might as well stay at one of the nicest hotels and pay a little more. That's the Sofitel.It's very modern looking throughout. The room was very clean and simple. Was surprised they didn't have flat panel TV to round-out that modern look. The bed was extremely comfortable - great linens, mattress and pillows. Bathroom was very nice and well sized.I really like the design in the lobby. The floor has a great rotating color light coming up through a few translucent tiles - really cool. They have great modern looking flower arrangements and a nice bar.Wireless internet is not free here. Gotta pay for T-Mobile wireless access.It's better to get a room facing north or east. You'll see in my photo that the rooms facing southwest don't have much to look at - decent, just not great.	
Jul 20 2007 	hotel was breathtaking	It was for my husband's birthday, and I was very happy with my room..oh and I loved the bathroom.	
Jul 19 2007 	Good Hotel Service and Location	I stayed in this hotel for four nights in July 2007. The room was excellent. It was clean, quite and very comfortable.The marble bath room was great. The hotel looks new and luxury.The staff were always very helpfull and nice. Sofitel is very close to major attractions and north michigan avenue. I ordered breakfast to my room and I enjoyded it very much. I highly recomend this hotel.I think this is the best hotel in Chicago.	
Jul 17 2007	all time favorite hotel	everything was perfect at this sleek modern hotel. the staff could not have been more helpful, the bed was ultra comfortable, the location was ideal, and the restaurant was a standout. the room, itself, was great with a tremendous bathroom. a nice hotel makes a vacation so much more fun, and this was ultra nice.	
Jul 16 2007 	Amazing Sofitel Water Tower	AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This was very close to perfection. Staff best in the world.Beautifull suite(upgrading,thanks again)Superb view. Fantastic restaurant.Great bar.Simply perfect.Thanks again.DelafinoAntwerp Belgium	
Jul 15 2007 	Loved the decor	We spent our 10th wedding anniv. here and it was beautiful. Loved the modern decor. We had cocktails in Le Bar before our dinner reservation and Luci the Brazilian bartender was delightful. The lobby is lit with scented candles in the evening and the rooms have real orchids which I found to be a very nice touch. Everything was within walking distance. The room was extrremely clean and we had a very nice view on the 23rd floor. I would definitely stay again and highly recommend the Sofitel.	
Jul 15 2007	Fantastic hotel - highly recommended.	This is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in and once more it was over Christmas. We spent 4 nights over christmas there last year and everything about it is excellent! Would highly recommend it...	
Jul 12 2007 	Awesome.	Great beds, clean rooms, amazing bathroom, nifty view, wonderful service, expensive parking ($40, but it's Chicago), speedy in and out. Very European in sensibility and amenities, but with air conditioning!	
Jul 5 2007 	Excellent Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel at the end of June and we are very pleased with the hotel. I would recommend getting the Priviledge Card, since they do upgrade your room. I had booked a standard King room on the lower levels of the hotel and they put us on the 21st floor with a great view. All staff members were very courteous and definitely wanted to make your stay as comfortable as possible. My only complaint is that they didn't tell us we paid for parking at the front desk and when we were leaving we paid the Valet guy and I was charged on my credit card for the parking as well. They reversed the charge on my credit card immediately though, without any hassle. All and all, excellent hotel to stay in!	
Jul 5 2007 	Great hotel in an excellent location	We chose the Sofitel on the basis of previous experience in other cities and the reports on this site. We were not disappointed.The location is excellent, just a short walk from the main attractions, yet situated in a small square of restricted traffic. We were warmly welcomed, were pleased with our room and most impressed by the decor of the lobby and public areas.We chose to eat breakfast at the nearby Tempo cafe, enjoying delicious waffles (&quot;Morning Glory&quot;) and good service, so can't comment on the Sofitel dining experience.Our room was almost identical to that in the Sofitel New York and the bed as heavenly! We thought it was well equipped and mantained, but were disappointed that a broken window blind broke again immediately after a requested repair - no view for us (though we could have nagged for another repair, we didn't)On the last night of our stay, the hotel experienced a power outage. In our experience, such situations reveal a good deal about the ethos of the hotel and quality of staff. The way in which this unprecedented occurrence was handled was excellent, with all staff on hand to reassure, to offer assistance, candles and light sticks where possible. Since our room was on the 27th floor, we were pleased that the elevators remained in operation and the public areas were lit by emergency power. The air of calm, assured service and general good natured attitude said it all. This is a well run hotel who take their business seriously.We would return, indeed we would look forward to another visit..	
Jun 19 2007 	Great hotel in a wonderful location	We have recently returned from a four night stay in Chicago and stayed in two different types of hotel, Flemish House for two nights and Sofitel for two nights, both were excellent in totally different ways. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Sofitel and booked it based on reviews on this website, we were not disappointed. I was a little nervous when I initially read a couple of adverse comments regarding security in the rooms, however this was never an issue. We were on the 26th floor and had a glimpse of the lake which was very pleasant, the room was very spacious, a wonderful large bed, very comfortable and a superb bathroom with a separate walk in shower. The location is excellent, within a five minute walk of Bloomindales, Macys, loads of restaurants and bars. The beach is also within easy walking distance. We used the fitness room in the hotel which was small but adequate. There is a small business centre on the 2nd floor which provides free internet access, great for keeping in touch and online check in. A good tip I read on Tripadvisor was to become a Sofitel Loyalty Customer, you get a free drink on the house which could be anything you fancy, my wife had a champagne cocktail for $14! There are also one or two other little extras like late check out. We did not eat in rthe restaurant as there is a wonderful little deli about 50 yards away called Guess, I think, next door to Cru, which was excellent. I would certainly recommend this hotel and we would stay there again if we went back to Chicago.	
Jun 17 2007 	Excellent Downtown Location and Beautiful Hotel	The Sofitel is minutes from the Hancock building, Michigan Ave, shopping, restaurants, and the bus, train or trolley. Within a short walk, you can go to the Water Tower visitor center to get all the info, brochures, &amp; maps you need for a trip. Buy a Go Chicago Card for discounts at museums and attractions.The high-rise hotel is beautiful, if not a tad expensive. Coffee in the only restaurant is five bucks. So go downstairs to the next door cafe or any of dozens of other cheaper places for meals. There is also a grocery store just to the south. They have no coffee maker in the room, but instead have a min-bar of soda, etc. There are no soda or snack machines, nor a stocked gift shop. These are the only negatives.The room and bath are large and the bed is great. It's clean and bright. We stayed a week and loved the location and never ate in the only restaurant because of the limited menu and cost. The same is true for the downstairs bar. But there were many pilots and stewardessess staying there so it's obviously the &quot;in&quot; place to be.We would stay there again and would recommend it for any age. Check out our picture of our room view, it was amazing!	
Jun 10 2007 	Great 50th birthday!!	We went to Chicago for a surprise 50th celebration! We spent a fair amount of time researching where we wanted to stay. We booked 4 nights at the Sofitel and couldn't have been more pleased. The concierge helped us with several requests before we arrived (set up a limo, we even e-mailed the sign for the driver to hold!...and had a birthday basket made up!) The front desk personnel upgraded our room to one on the top floor with a beautiful view and even ran up to switch the basket, so that it would be ready for the surprise! The room was very comfortable and the bed...ah...heaven! We can't say enough nice things...the location was great...close enough to everything, yet quiet!We'd recommend this hotel to anyone and can't wait to go back!Restaurant Tips...For some great food, try Cafe 28, Keefers, Red Light . Fultons on the River, or Ditkas (right down the street!).	
Jun 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Wow. Fantastic hotel, excellent facilities. Stayed back in April en route to a wedding in Cleveland. Room was huge, we did book a suite which is actually about the size of 3 rooms. Very comfortable, bed to die for. HUGE bathroom and i mean huge. ate in the restaurant once and it was lovely. Breakfast has a lovely menu with lots to choose from.Fabulous hotel and definately worht all the good reviews	
May 29 2007 	Relaxing weekend	With so much already said about this hotel, I don't think there's much I can add. But I can confirm all the great things said about the hotel. It's clean, modern, friendly, very service oriented, welcoming, well located, and a great value. The rooms were nice and the beds and bathrooms even better. One thing I could add is the extremely nice location of the hotel, which is central to everything. You have a five minute walk to Michigan Ave., and five minutes up and down Wabash get you to Rush St shopping/eating or Grand Ave. shopping/eating. We walked to Millenium Park and it took about 20 minutes, not too bad. You are surrounded by great restaurants and nice cafes.Like their other properties, this is a GREAT hotel!	
May 22 2007 	LOVED the Sofitel- My FAV hotel	What a great hotel! This is now my favorite hotel in the city! From the friendly staff to the great service, the Sofitel is the place to be. I was able to dine in their restaurant, CdA and again the service here was impeccable. Not to mention the quality of the food as well as the presentation, the Chef here is amazing. I recommend dining at this hotel! The bar was a fun atmosphere and great for conversation too. Guestrooms were very spacious, awesome city views, comfortable beds and spacious bathroom. The hotel offers a luxury experience with a very warm and welcoming feeling. I can't say enough about this hotel and can't wait to stay here again!	
May 16 2007	Security issue - I don't recommend this hotel	I stayed in this hotel during a business trip, and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar, a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet. Security was informed, but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them. After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident, despite the fact that I was a hotel guest. Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait.Long story short, I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone, anyone would have talked to me about it. I've since been on the phone with a manager, who promised to call me back once she researched the incident, and have yet to hear back, despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago. I expected more from this hotel.	
May 16 2007 	One of the nicer hotels we have stayed at in Chicago	We stay in Chicago for business or pleasure at least 3 or 4 times per year, and have stayed at a number of the hotels in the city that are more or less in this category of hotel. I think the Sofitel has a fantastic location and is one of the overall most comfortable of the hotels we have stayed at.There are other fancier, more decadent hotels. Others with more Chicago flair. Others with more amenities and more modern. But for just an all around great place to sleep and relax in between other things, the room was comfortable, relatively quiet, has good food - even the room service (which I find is often NOT the case even in some of the most expensive chain hotels), etc.The room was clean, great views of the city, and like I mentioned - location was exactly where I would think your average tourist would want to be and walkable to many things. The bathrooms were very nice, excellent water pressure, a tub and a shower, nice robes, good lighting. The beds super comfortable with a feathertop mattress. Room service (we had it for breakfast one day, and a late night snack another) was quite good.The rooms are an average size for a big city hotel and the electronics and tv were nothing fancy. But for comfort and location (two of the most important things on an average trip) I think this was a fabulous choice.	
May 15 2007 	Robbed In Our Sleep In Our Hotel Room	A nice hotel, nice room. We stayed at the hotel for one night for a wedding, only to experience every traveler's worst nightmare. Our room was broken into and robbed while we were sleeping. Cash, jewelry... to make matters worse, the hotel has refused to accept this incident occurred, in so many words accusing us of lying. Can you imagine anything worse? You wake up in the morning to find a purse by the door, cash emptied from your wallets, an expensive bracelet missing (a bracelet worn to the event that night -- so it clearly happened in the middle of the night). The lock interrogation report shows an entry into the room at 2am after we were sleeping. Yet the hotel has been unwilling to rectify this matter. We are lucky we weren't hurt. For the safety of those considering staying at this hotel, I highly recommend against it.	
May 12 2007 	typical Sofitel	Stayed here on very short notice. Plane delayed because of severe weather and all hotels around airport were sold out. Called the Sofitel, got the room. Sofitel made the best of a lousy situation. Staff friendly and accommodating. Rooms spotless and tastefully decorated. Lounge and restaurant very good. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 7 2007 	Superb choice	This hotel could not be a better base from which to see Chicago. Perfectly positioned for shopping and some great restaurants. Hotel is classy and modern. Staff were great throughout. We checked in as soon as we arrived (11.00am.) Rooms were lovely - bathrooms great (all marble and walk in showers). Bar area is also lovely - nice touches like a fake but inviting log fire. I would not chose to stay anywhere else. Loved it.	
May 7 2007	Fabulous Service and Decor!	Since I moved to Chicago, I was always curious about the Sofitel since the architecture is so unique. The architecture is stunning since the top portion of the hotel protrudes out over the street. I had a bunch of friends in town, so I mentioned that they should look into staying at the Sofitel. I wound up staying there too. Our room was very comfortable, especially the bed since it had a down duvet. I loved the 24-hour room service, especially after a night on the town! This hotel doesn't come cheap, but I think it's worth the price. The modern, contemporary decor of the lobby is phenomenal, especially at night with the multi-colored lights and the lively yet comfortable atmosphere in Le Bar. I will be back to the bar and Cafe des Architectes, especially for dinner. The fillet and braised beef was delicious.	
May 5 2007	Great Hotel but several problems during stay	I stayed @ the Sofitel Water Tower from December 7 - 10, 2006. Very nice hotel, friendly staff, nice rooms, but several things happened during my stay that a hotel of this class should not have allowed to happen.The first night I was there, I was awakened @ ~12:15AM by housekeeping trying to get into the room. Seriously. They woman knocked on the door several times, then tried to open the door (which she couldn't, b/c I put the safety bar across). After several loud proclamations of &quot;Housekeeping,&quot; she finally left.At ~12:30AM, the room phone rang. It was the night manager who told me housekeeping was trying to get into the room to clean it, and that he thought I had moved to another room. I told him I had not, and that in fact I was still in the exact same room that I had checked into 5 hours ago. He proceeded to press the issue &amp; swore that I had gone to the front desk after checking in, requested another room, and then moved. Seriously. I told him once again that I had not and that I was, still, in fact, in the same room. Then he asked if my wife had switched rooms (which, of course, would mean that my wife was staying in another room, she didn't tell me, and I didn't notice when I went to bed). But there was one problem w/this hypothesis (besides the obvious problems already stated): I had flown into town early for business reasons; my wife would not be arriving until the following morning. So unless she switched rooms from 500 miles away, it was unlikely that occurred, either (she made the reservations, however, which is apparently why my buddy, the manager, decided to try that angle).But none of this was enough for the manager to believe that I did not switch rooms. He then proceeded to ask me to verify the last 4 numbers of the CC I used when I checked in. At this point I had enough, and told him, &quot;No.&quot; I told him it was bad enough that housekeeping tried to barge in after midnight. It was bad enough that, @ 12:30AM the manager was arguing with me over whether or not I switched rooms. It was bad enough that he decided to call a guest that late, but this was too much. I was not getting out of bed to further prove that I was still actually in the room for which I paid. I then asked him if I would be contacted about this again that night, and he finally apologized and said, &quot;No.&quot;The rest of the stay went fine until check out, at which point we realized that we had been double billed for one of the nights, and had also been charged for a dinner at the hotel restaurant (CAFE DES ARCHITECTES) when, in fact, we never ate @ the hotel restaurant (this dinner also apparently took place the night before my wife arrived). So the night manager that was convinced I was staying in two rooms was also the one in charge when the mystery dinner took place and when I was double billed. But I'll give him the benefit of the doubt and say these were all honest mistakes.So why do I still recommend the hotel? Because it is nice, the rooms are clean, the exercise facilities are adequate, and the location is fine (not on the mile, but close enough). Also, everything was taken care of the following week by the hotel GM, who also comped the first night b/c of all the trouble I had. So in the end, everything worked out fine.I give 4 stars b/c a hotel of this caliber should be detail oriented enough that the problems that occurred during my stay simply should not have occurred. The night manager should have been able to realize that a clerical error must have been made, and made a note to ask me about the supposed room switch the next morning. He should not have tried to figure things out by calling me in the middle of the night. As for the bogus charges . . . well, these things happen. And they were taken care of. But a quality hotel should make sure these problems simply don't occur instead of fixing them via damage control later on.Bottom line: don't hesitate to stay @ Sofitel. But before you go to sleep, you might want to unplug your phone.	
May 5 2007	Great hotel in Chicago	Stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for 3 nights in early April 2007. Very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the Golden Mile. Good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice French twist. Dinner at the restaurant was also good. Prices are reasonable. Room is comfortable, only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening. Excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff. Would definitely stay here again if visiting Chicago.Concierge recommended a small van tour, which was excellent. However early April is too early to visit Chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of Chicago was not operating yet.	
May 4 2007 	Fab rooms great service - you get what you pay for.	I've stayed at the hotel twice, once with business and the other during a short break with my wife. Superb service, excellent clean rooms and if you like the menu in the restaurant, tasty well presented food. This hotel is in an excellent location for the shops and as most of the good spots in Chicago are within walking distance it is such a good central point for any kind of trip.If there was a downside (and I struggle to come up with a genuine one) they could investigate trying to get greater water pressure in the showers (I was on 15th floor) however the water was hot so not a real issue.Excellent place and we will return again.	
May 2 2007 	Loved the Sofitel	My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel April 26-27, based on reviews we had read on the internet. Neither of us had ever stayed in a Sofitel and our difficult decision between it and the Omni came down to the Sofitel. The service and stay were both fantastic. Comfortable bed, beautiful bathroom and excellent location for Michigan Ave./Oak Street shopping.During out stay, we also enjoyed great coffee and desserts in the Cafe as well as the famous Sofitel Continental assortment of pastries and bread. Highly recommended!	
Apr 25 2007	Great Stay!	Stayed at this Sofitel for one night for our anniversary. We have stayed at two other Sofitel's before (New York, Washington) and are always impressed with the service - this one was no exception. The room was clean and beautiful, the bed comfortable and service exceptional. Alerted to our anniversary, we found water and chocolate covered strawberries in our room. Thank you Sofitel for always being our failsafe place to stay.	
Apr 22 2007 	Incredible trip from the time the cab stopped til we checked out.	We had such a wonderful time here on our Anniversary trip. We arrived extremely early - and while we couldnt check in right away, they called me on my cell before noon to allow us to check in. The service was so wonderful - it was always like &quot;Welcome Back&quot;. The rooms were great, spacious with amazing shower heads. It was very clean for us. The concierge made us reservations at a great steak house - after being sent away by Ditka's (that's a different review) . All of the staff was courteous and prompt. Our iron did not work originally, so we called for a new one which they brought up quickly. They made our trip to Chicago amazing - and one we won't soon forget.	
Apr 15 2007 	Excellent standard as we would expect from Sofitel	Stayed at the Sofitel for 6 nights over Easter. Hotel was lovely, we had a non-smoking room on the 28th floor and it was spotlessly clean. Staff at the reception and concierge desks were always very helpful. Enjoyed several cocktails in the bar which was very nice. Only had breakfast in the hotel once as we did not particularly care for the choice of food. The position of the hotel is excellent only one block from Michigan Avenue and the shops! The John Hancock building is also very close and instead of going up to the Observatory we went to the Signature Lounge on the 96th floor for cocktails which was very nice. From here you get the same view across Chicago. There is a business area on the second floor with 3 computers and 2 printers and we were able to check-in online for our journey home and print off our boarding passes which was very handy. If returning to Chicago I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 11 2007 	A great hotel	We stayed only for one night. A comfortable room with big bed and good decor. Very helpful staff (which we always struggle to find elsewhere). Good location, although a short cab ride from the blue subway line from O'Hare.	
Apr 10 2007	Nice location bad advice	We recently stayed at this hotel and have mixed feelings about it. The facility is nice but not as nice as some other Sofitels e.g. Philadelphia. It is better in terms of condition than Madrid, Geneve and some others. What bugged me was the way they kept saying, &quot;Our desk staff know everything about Chicago&quot; when they clearly did not. We had bad advice about outdoor markets, locations of attractions, and average time on the trains to the airport. It is nice but I think you can do better.	
Apr 9 2007 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at the Sofitel for two nights over Easter weekend. Very pleased with the room -- not huge, but big picture window and good city view, everything new and in excellent shape, trendy lights, and very impressive marble bathroom with separate stall shower and tub. A new flat screen television would be an improvement, but the TV was acceptable.The people at the reception desk were friendly, and the lobby is modern and interesting. The whole hotel has little touches of interesting decor and architecture that set it apart from the run of the mill hotel. My wife thought the fitness center was good -- the machines were top of the line.We only ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant, but the service was excellent and the food was quite good. The hotel is located a short distance from &quot;Miracle Mile&quot; shopping and Rush Street restaurants.I would almost certainly stay there again if we visit Chicago -- my wife and I thought it was a top flight hotel and worth the money.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great Hotel	The service is perfect, the concierge marvellous, our room clean but not very clean, smelt dirty, decoration of our room HORRIBLE, a lot of mirrows on the wall, very small room, nice bath, excellent bed theonly thing they dont use sheets only cover duvet and I dont like that, I prefer traditional cover sheet bed. Excellent location, for sure I will come back. Federico	
Apr 3 2007 	great quick trip	great hotel with a wonderful staff . my 7 year old and i went to chicago to go to American Girl , which is right around the corner . great room on the 30 th floor . it was very clean and room service was good . they even had a good kids menu . the concierge was wonderful . nothing was a problem . the ohare airport was a nightmare . next time a will take my husbands advice and leave first thing in the morning .	
Mar 18 2007 	Quality choice	Managed to change booking (paying a supplement) from Sofitel O'Hare to Water Tower thanks to very helpful Night Mgr at O'Hare.The Water Tower remains an excellent hotel - room given was smoking but not too bad. Funky, quality furniture with plenty of space and good fittings throughout. Comfortable and clean bed too. Truly a premium 4* hotel (the better rooms are definitely 5*). Restaurant (dinner - really enjoyed the franco-american style and the Starck-ish furniture) and breakfast both excellent and staff was polite and helpful. Location, of course, is also a plus point as you can walk to most shops and (in my case, sadly) central business meetings. I will be back.	
Mar 6 2007 	I love the Sofitel!	I have stayed at the Sofitel a handful of times in the last few months for business and I love it - so much so that we have a group of friends going for a weekend in Chicago and we're all staying there!It is always nice and clean, the rooms are modern, the front desk staff is very kind and proactive (asking if I need help to the room, do I need a cab, is there anything that would make my stay nicer, they noticed I've stayed before and tried to give me rooms with a different view each time, do I need help finding anything in the hotel or in the city, etc.).One of the things I love about the room is the bathroom - the separate shower and tub. It's nice when I'm there alone on business to relax in a bath if I want to. You can even walk just down the street to the water tower for shopping, or just to get some bath salts and come back to the room.I think the hotel is great and I have no complaints from any of my stays so far. The location is perfect for being around shopping, restaurants, etc. I have to take a cab to my office, but the doormen take care of that for me so it's easy enough that I just continue to stay there instead of somewhere closer to my office. All in all, I would highly recommend for either business or pleasure!	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Francophone Hotel	Stayed at the Sofitel for 1 night on a quick business trip Everything was nice but the staff was particularly exemplary. More than a few individuals went out of their way to ensure everything was to my satisfaction. Loved the French accents, the &quot;Bonjour&quot; wake-up call, and the surprisingly strong bread program in the restaurant. The food in CdA was also quite good for a quick lunch--the $21 four-plate special is worth ordering.Bathrooms are nicer than the rooms themselves with, as others have noted, stand-alone bath and shower. Room was fine, a bit small, but very comfortable bed. Just short of truly luxurious. $10/day for internet was a bit unfair, but no real complaints. Very chic hotel.	
Feb 18 2007	Great place in a great location	As cold as it was in Chicago, we still managed to have a great time, underwritten as that usually is by the quality of our lodgings.The euro-chic approach of the sofitel is familiar to urbane British travellers, but it was still a delight to check in to a stylish lobby and then discover the spacious room we had been given.You could'nt quite see the Hancock tower from the room, but the view wasn't terrible.In keeping with what you would expect of a French hotel, the room was well appointed, the staff polite and discreet and the clientele seemed quite colourful, much as we kept ourselves to ourselves as we explored the city and spent too much on taking advantage of the strength of Sterling.A 2 minute walk to Michigan Avenue, a proper local cafe and supermarket on the same block - the location was perfect.I think the reason this gets 5 stars has to be the fact they have the most comfortable beds, a complicated construction of layers, but do they ever do the job in ensuring a restful nights sleep.	
Feb 17 2007 	Terrific service	First visit to Chicago. Just a quick February weekend of shopping, restaurants and music. The Sofitel location is superb with the amazing restaurants of Rush St. and the stores on Michigan Avenue within walking distance. The biting winds and brutal cold kept walking to a minimum unfortunately.The hotel staff are amazing. The &quot;Architecture&quot; restaurant served a first class breakfast. Everything's baked on premises. Beds are great and the robes and towels are Turkish cotton.Only downsides: had to change rooms because of a plumbing problem and the $10 per day wi-fi fee is silly given the hotel's price point and the fact that it's free at the Holiday Inn. I would definitely return.	
Feb 16 2007	The Little Things.....	Stayed at the Sofitel for one week and I would definitely go back.  The staff are superb, friendly and very helpful. I had one problem in my room, I was moved right away and given a complimentary breakfast. The beds have a fluffy feather pillow top and great pillows. The comforter cover is changed every day and the toiletries are luxurious. I took the hand cream home, it is from France and smells yummy. The bathroom was my favourite, large tub, stand alone shower. The nightly turn-down service includes fresh towels and bottled water. The little added touches really gave this place a Spa feel. The breakfast daily was 5 star, best Eggs Bennedict I've had. Get the pastry basket, they bake up some of the best croissants and baguettes - very addicting. I don't think you will find a better breakfast nook in the city (we tried!). We went out for dinner so I can't comment on the restaurant, but I did have room service one evening. My only complaint here was the price, pizza and salad for one was $ 40.00 with tip. Mind you, the portion could easily have fed a small army, they should have smaller options for those having &quot;dinner for one&quot;. The Hotel lounge/bar was very cozy, they serve complimentary cheesy crackers and olives.  Location is great; one block from Michigan Ave and about 3 blocks from Rush St. Walgreens and Starbucks are minutes away. For dinner, you have to venture out to Rush street, this is the trendy restaurant area - you will have an abundance of places to choose from. The Lux, Gibsons, Carmines, The Big Bowl- my favourite...too many to mention, but it is a fun area. Great City, Great Food and Great Service - Enjoy!	
Feb 11 2007 	My Home Away From Home	I live in Chicago, but my home was under construction so I needed a place to stay for a week until the contractor completed the task at hand. The Sofitel appealed to me on several levels: it's contemporary, it's in a great location surrounded by excellent restaurants, it's pet friendly (so I was able to bring Fido), and the hotel restaurant is excellent. In fact, I typically have breakfast there every Sunday. However, before booking the room, I considered my options and previewed rooms at several other pet friendly hotels (within the same price range) in the neighborhood. I decided on the Sofitel because the room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The marble clad bathroom featured a separate tub and shower, the bed was very comfy and the staff is attentive and extremely friendly. For tourists, in my opinion, the location is great. You are in close proximity to shopping, entertainment, parks, transportation, museums, houses of worship, etc. Also, the hotel has an intimate bar that attracts both guests and locals. It's a laid back atmosphere that doesn't necessarily feel like a hotel, yet the service and amenities are great. One more thing, if you didn't bring a laptop, there's a complimentary business center for net surfing. Enjoy!	
Feb 8 2007 	Wonderful Welcoming Touches	This is a lovely modern hotel with a French accent. We used the pay-in-advance option on thier website and spent $165/night on a Saturday. I am glad that I took the time to join the Privilege club online -- it was worth it. They upgraded our room, which was fantastic and had a big marble bathroom and sitting area. They also sent up chocolate-covered strawberries and special water (both fizzy and still) shortly after we checked in. Along with a welcome note, they gave us a coupon for a free drink, which we had in the lobby to avoid the smokey bar. We ordered room service for breakfast and it was very yummy -- especially the savory crepes. It is a great place to stay for a romantic night away! We were impressed with the generous welcome and the service. We would definitely go back, especially at that price.	
Feb 1 2007 	Soffitel is marvelous	We have stayed in the Sofitel in New York on our way out of the country for a couple of nights, which was just a splendid hotel. To my suprise, the hotel in Chicago was just as good as New York. I have never found that in a chain hotel.The beds are something you would find in a 5 star hotel, the rooms with the orchids are just lovely. I would go back in a minute.	
Jan 30 2007 	Excellent Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel January 25th and thought the property was perfect. Asthetically, the hotel was great. Our room (king superior on the 22nd floor) was amply sized and modernly appointed. We were so amazed at the efficient use of space in the wonderful bathroom (which included both a tub and a separate walk-in shower) that we plan on remodelling our bathroom at home in a similar layout. The location put us right where we wanted to be for shopping as well as within a short cab ride to the many great restaurants. The staff was extremely gracious which added to the quality of our stay. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was to be welcomed back to the hotel upon returning from shopping, dinner, etc. The only downside I see is that there is a high-rise condo building being constructed on the northeast corner of the intersection where the hotel sits which when finished will likely obscure much of hotel's lake view. One last observation--as we were not sure if we were going to be able to make the trip, I had initially booked a refundable rate of $195 per night directly with the hotel. The night before we were to arrive I found a non-cancellable rate of $165 per night on Orbitz. I called the hotel to inquire whether they would match the rate and although they acknolwedged that that rate should not have been available on Orbitz as it was the day before the arrival date and non-cancellable rates typcially become unavailable 2-3 days prior to arrival, they matched the rate which meant I didn't have to go through the trouble of cancelling my reservation with the hotel and then re-booking through Orbitz. A nice gesture. Bottom line--excellent stay at a great price.	
Jan 28 2007 	Lived Up to Reviews	I probably spent hours looking at reviews before making a reservation at Sofitel. It was my birthday and my husband and I decided to splurge for an evening (also our first night away from the baby!). So I really wanted to pick the best hotel. We booked a king superior room for $165. We told them it was my birthday and when we checked in they had upgraded us to an executive king.THE FEEL OF THE HOTEL: Very upscale and modern. Noone was rude. But as I young couple w/o much cash - we really didn't fit in. A lot of suits and I found the architecture lacking in personality and character. THE ROOM: Executive king. Beautiful!! So inviting and warm. Large enough for a huge desk and a pull-out loveseat. The bathroom was HUGE and gorgeous. Bath tub was a bit small. Big fluffy robes. Marble everything. Best bathroom in a hotel I've seen. The bed was UNBELIEVABLE.ROOM SERVICE: Fantastic! Delicious!I could've stayed in that room for a week w/o leaving.	
Jan 22 2007 	The BEST hotel in Chicago!!!	We just got back from 3 nights at the Sofitel. We really have nothing bad or negative to say about it. We've stayed at other higher end hotels in Chicago such as the Park Hyatt, The Peninsula, and The Four Seasons - and the Sofitel tops them all. It's a 4 star hotel with 3 star prices. It's a beautiful hotel all the way around. Staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing. They were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly. The common areas are fresh and modern in appearance. The room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths. My wife loved the huge tub. We had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious. The robes and Evian at turndown was always appreciated.The property is ideally situated in the middle of the Gold Coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk. Want a Bentley or latte? They're all close by.This was our second stay since it opened and I'm sure it's to be our home away from home when we are in Chicago.	
Jan 19 2007 	Wonder for Business 	Stayed in Chicago on business in early December and my husband joined me to make a weekend out of the trip. The Sofitel is a contemporary, architectural beauty. The rooms are nicely decorated and the bathrooms are of nice size. I fell in love with the lotion that they provided and it was such a treat to soak in a large bathtub. Bottles of Evian water at turn down and a room cleaning twice a day spoiled me completely. Internet service, provided by T-mobile, was a snap.The staff was wonderful!! My husband's luggage was delayed so the Concierge made him a small amenities bag that included shaving balm and all.Le Bar was quite trendy and had the best martinis. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant is a bit pricey so I'd suggest walking up the street to Starbuck's.The hotel is in a great location (There's a McCormick &amp; Schmick's right across the street if you are really hungry). Water Tower mall, John Hancock building, Cheesecake Factory and the Magnificent Mile are a block away. I was in heaven (did I mention that I'm headed there again on Sunday - work?!)There is no pool as everyone states but are you really going to Chicago to swim? I think not.	
Jan 18 2007 	Absolutely Fabulous Hotel - Loved it	I arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious, great beds, pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping, spa's, Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it.	
Jan 17 2007 	Top notch	We've just had 4 wonderful days at the Sofitel. Used the Fairmont before which was nice, but the combination of good rates and luxury are hard to beat. We were upgraded to aDeluxe room on 30th floor. Lovely large room , super bathroom, and the service was impeccable throughout. Breakfats great too and for us ( from the UK ) it was cheap at $35 for two. Very, very good. We'll be going back	
Jan 11 2007 	Still want to be there!	My husband and I just got back from a two-night stay at the Sofitel and loved every minute of it. Everyone there, from the bellboy to the desk clerks, was helpful, knowledgeable and as nice as could be. Our room was beautiful, loved the bathroom and the fabulous view. The only tiny negatives were that I found a used (but washed) tissue in one of our blankets that housekeeping didn't catch, and that the hotel doesn't include any kind of breakfast in the morning. The restaurant in the hotel serves breakfast, which we had this morning (delicious), but it's quite expensive. Back on a positive note, the hotel's location is incredible; we walked everywhere the whole three days and didn't even need to get back into our car. There are great restaurants all around the neighborhood, and the bar in the hotel is very romantic and fun. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jan 5 2007	Near perfection	I stayed here in the fall of 2006, and having stayed at other hotels in Chicago afterwards, I now appreciate the Sofitel immensely. Quite simply, it's one of the best hotel in the city.Check in was fast and efficient, yet executed with grace. My room was large, attractive, immaculate, and soundproof. Service went beyond the call of duty. For example, when I got a pair of pants wet, housekeeping agreed to put them in their dryer for me.There were a few flaws, such as the way one of my closet doors opened onto a hole in the wall or my inability to get a cell connection in my room, but these things were minor.Just one tip: the demographic at this hotel was very evenly middle aged, so as a late twenties couple, my girlfriend and I felt a little out of place. So the hotel was great for everyone, but you may get the most enjoyment if you are in your fourth or later decade.	
Dec 27 2006	Great Hotel All Round	We stayed at this hotel in December with our 2 young kids for a weekend away. It was a terrific choice. The room was huge, clean, and comfortable, and the kids loved it. They had a separate pull out sofa which became a very comfortable bed. The breakfast was a taste of France and the girls loved it. The wait staff was very kind and the i girls could not wait to go back for the 2nd morning there. The gym was clean and very well equipped and the hotel was perfectly located. All in all, it was a beautiful hotel and we would not hesitate to go back again. We certainly would like to stay in other Sofitel locations (we stayed at the NY hotel in 2005 and also thought it was great) as this hotel definitely set a standard for us.	
Dec 24 2006 	Always Excellent	My husband and I stay at the Sofitel whenever we are looking for a romantic evening away - fantastic every time - great location, great rooms, great service, great breakfast	
Dec 16 2006 	Sumptuous Sofitel	Great location, great service, and comfortable rooms make this a superb Sofitel for business or pleasure. I had a nice suite on an upper floor with excellent views. The bedroom area of the suite (with a separate temperature control) was comfortable and easily closed off from the living and work area as well as from the entry. The well-equipped bathroom was a pleasure, and within 2 minutes of my request, a small tube of toothpaste was brought to the room. The 24/7 fitness center is small but functional and features state-of-the art cardiovascular equipment. Towels, apples and water are provided and the room is nicely finished. I didn't find it crowded, using it three times over 2 days. The bar area can be a bit smoky, even with the new ordinance in effect because it is small. But, there is another bar in the restaurant which is quite nice. It's a short walk to the best shopping between the coasts, and plenty of restaurants to choose from. Hotel staff are extremely friendly and responsive to any request. Check in was efficient and it's nice to be greated with a &quot;bon jour&quot; (or &quot;bon soir&quot;) no matter where you are in the world.	
Nov 26 2006 	Wonderful stay in Chicago	We have just come back from a wonderful five night stay at the Sofitel Water Tower over the Thanksgiving period. The door and reception staff were fantastic and we got a fantastic room on the 19th floor overlooking the gold coast area apartments. The building itself is a very unusual design which looks like a glass shard and is quite distinctive.The room was huge with a spacious bathroom and a wonderful floor to ceiling window, a desk area and a nice modern chaise long. The bathroom has a seperate tub and shower and wonderful Roger and Gallet bath products.Each night there is a turn-down service with a nice bottle of Evian provided for you. Housekeeping are very friendly and efficient and if you tip them well you get plenty of extra bath products. Gowns and slippers are provided for you.The bar area is nice with an open fire and comfortable sofas. The lobby area is nice also but it would have been nice to have a larger lounge area so you could sit without requiring a drink to be bought.Overall it was a fantastic stay and the staff cannot do enough for you.I would recommend renting bikes from Millenium Park as we did and had a wonderful day and a great persepective of the city from the fantastic Lake cycling path.Looking forward to going to another Sofitel soon.	
Nov 7 2006 	Loved the Sofitel!	I stayed at the Sofitel from August 27 - September 1, 2006. I am originally from Chicago, and relocated to Las Vegas. So knowing the competition of Vegas hotels compared to other hotels, I think that the Sofitel is very comparable to the beautiful and invitiing hotels in Vegas.  We were on the top floor, and had a view of the lake. It was beautiful! The room was the cleanest room that I have ever stayed in. I cannot say enough about the bed, the closet, and the bathroom. First of all, the bed, duvet covers, and pillows were so soft and fluffy, and clean. I'm very picky about bed spreads and blankets in hotels. I usually don't use them, because everyone that has stayed in that room uses the same blankets and bed spreads. The Sofitel changes the linens daily, so you know that they are clean. It was so comfortable, I didn't want get up.The bathroom was so large, and had a separate glass shower and bathtub. The shower and the sink area were quite large, and had generous space to put your toiletries. The floors were beautiful marble.The closet was spacious, and had shelves and hangers, and when the closet door opened, it lit up. Also, the nightly bed turn down was nice, with bottles of water, weather forecasts, etc.The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. They helped me with car rental, tours and transportation. I would recommend the breakfast in the cafe. The bakery items are made there, and the waffles were to die for.I guess you can see that I loved the Sofitel, and would recommend it highly. It is worth every penny!	
Nov 7 2006 	Fantastic Hotel but there is not a swimming pool	We stay at this hotel all of the time when visiting Chicago (3 times per year)...I'll stay at no other....I've even moved from the Peninsula back to the Sofitel. We have 3 small children and always stay in the 1 bedroom suite....it is like a luxry Chicago apartment with stunning views of the city and the John Hancock Bldg. The staff is outstanding and the location cannot be beat! Area restaurants and in house food are excellent. I went to highschool right around the corner from this place and truly believe this is one of Chicago's best kept secrets.However, to clarify there is NO swimming pool (not that I care)....but there is a recent review claiming there is one. I even called the place to inquire and they confirmed &quot;No&quot;....It is a 31 story building not 44....I don't know where the other reviewer stayed but it wasn't the Sofitel Water Tower.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great Hotel - Wonderful Staff	After spending four nights at the Sofitel I cannot think of one aspect of my stay that was not excellent. From the friendliness of the staff to the food at the restaurant to the comfort of the room -- everything exceeded expectations. The location of the hotel is an added bonus - on quieter streets that most of the other top hotels in the area, and close to the red el line as well as Michigan Ave and Oak St. Very easy to get around the city from this location. The staff was exceedingly gracious and cooperative, the room very comfortable and the bed particularly terrific. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 27 2006	Swimming Pool	I tiik my dad away on a 10 day whrllwind trip of the states oncluding 2 nights in Chicago.Got a great deal on hotwire paying about $170 dollers a night.Hotel was excellent but just wanted to say that there is a fantastic swimming pool on the 42nd floor of the hotel which is next to the gym.It does not seem to be mentioned anywhere else and one review mentions the abscence of a pool.I can asure you there is one there i used it every day after a tough day on foot sightseeing and the view from the pool is stunning!	
Oct 25 2006 	Lived up to its Tripadvisor status!	Beautifully appointed, professionally staffed, comfortable, well-located, and elegant, with wireless internet access (plus free access in an alcove on the second floor), fitness center (a little small but fine if you use it at the right time), good energy clientele, easy access to Michigan Avenue, next door to 24-hour restaurant, 2 blocks from 2 Starbucks, elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything. Will definitely return!	
Oct 5 2006	Sofitel is not great	My daughter and I spent a week at the Sofitel in May. I had watched Tripadvisor for quite a while and it was for those months rated number one so I thought it would be worth the splurge. The room was no nicer than any Holiday Inn. The location is pretty convenient and the lobby is cool in a sort of retro way. After we checked in we asked for a better view and were told none was available.I have stayed previously in the Chicago Omni and the Wyndham, both of which are more centrally located and both were a better experience. I've also stayed at the Omni Ambassador, which was kind of creepy except for the Pump Room.	
Sep 10 2006 	Wonderful Experience	We arrived at the Sofitel ready to check-in, and possiblly receive an upgrade. We were greeted and later informed that they did not have a double room ready for us (this was at about 5:00pm). We were offered two complimentary drinks and some snacks while we were waiting for our room or to accpet a king room with no wait. No problem for us, we had the drinks (which would have been $12 each for a martini) and then made our way upto the room. I loved the decor of the hotel, very modern and relaxing. I'm not sure what the room rate was, as we were not paying and traveling on business. We were placed in room #602, which was on the lower floors and really didn't have a view. I asked to be assigned another room and we were told they were full. Complimentary comuters are located on the 2nd and 3rd floors, therefore don't purchase an in-room Wifi or ehternet connection unless you would like the added privacy. The bathroom was very spacious and had a walk-in shower, seperate soaking tub and large vanity with high quality towels and bath products. The Beds were super comfortable (I'll tell you now that I am a very picky prerson for when it comes to beds in hotels and this hotel exceeded my expectations. The fitness center could have been nicer, I found it very dark and stuffy, however it contained a large collection of stregth and weight equipment along with cardio machines equiped with personal viewing monitors, wery nice. Check-out was efficent and quick. I highly reccomend that Sofitel Chicago.	
Sep 8 2006 	What a great base for exploring Chicago	I Stayed here for three nights at the beginning of September. I was on vacation on my own.I had heard some shaky reviews after I'd booked my stay but before I went, so I left the UK with a little trepidation. I could not have been more pleased with the hotel. Checking in was a pleasant experience with the offer of bottles of water with my privilege card. My room on the 22nd floor was ready immediately and was fairly spacious. The bathroom made it for me with a seperate shower unit as well as a bath.I went down to the bar and was met by some of the friendliest people I've ever met ( I'm talking about the staff rather than the clientele). They enquired about my stay and as soon as I stated I was on my own and had never been to Chicago before they were more than eager to advise me as to not only the major attractions but also some good local tips in respect of restaurants, bars and shopping. I was even taken outside to be shown the various directions and streets to take in respect of these tips, and to allow me to get my bearing on things. This continued throughout my stay with constant feedback from me about the places they'd directed me too and further tips from them.The concierge was also more than helpful, organising golf for me and also coming to my rescue with a taxi when i became stranded at the golf culb, quite some miles out of town.The gym is small, but more than adequate for an inner city hotel. There are plenty of machines and it wasn't too busy. I only ate breakfast in the hotel which was adequate, but nothing to write home about. All other meals were taken outside the hotel at venues given to me by the bar staff.The hotel is in a prime location. You're a block away from all the shops on michigan avenue with rush street and its bars and clubs only a few blocks in the other direction. There's a cta station around the corner making it ideal for exploring the city. The hotel staff advised me it was more than safe to walk around on my own in this area and they were right; as not once did I feel threated or intimidated even though I was walking around on my own at night. I really enjoyed this hotel and the staff in particular were more than helpful, enabling me to experience the real chicago and not just the usual tourist attractions. I'd definately go back!	
