	Staff Went Above 	While waiting for our guest rooms to become available, hotel desk and housekeeping staff went above &amp; beyond their duties ( and our expectations) to make us comfortable and happy. We didn't get service like this even at the Ritz!	
	Great location and service	Spent one night at this hotel and enjoyed it. The location is very convenient to everything. Service is excellent. We left our bags with the hotel the following day as we were exploring the city after checkout. They had no problem with this and made it very easy and convenient.The only downside -- paper thin walls. I don't normally complain about noise, but you will be able to hear your neighbors. This was compounded by a very loud group next door. I have to commend the staff as we complained. They got the group next to quiet down immediately. Not sure how they did so, but it was much appreciated. Take earplugs with you, especially if bothered by city noises. Even 12 stories up, you'll be able to hear the street noise.The rooms are very comfortable. Nicely decorated.All in all a good stay for the money. I wouldn't pay the $300 rate given the thin walls. But, at $125, it was well worth it.	
Nov 12 2009 	Perfect for exploring on foot	Just stayed for 5 nights at the Hampton Majestic - started our break going to Jersey Boys, right next door - what a beautiful theatre! Our room was the quietest we have ever had, and the beds were extraordinary - we slept like logs. Breakfast was surprisingly nice, with great coffee, and then we would set out for the day. Not only could we walk everywhere in the vicinity of the Loop, but stops for all the metro lines, were around the corner. I just don't think the hotel could be more conveniently located. It was our first trip to Chicago, and staying at the Hampton allowed us to make the most of our visit.	
Nov 11 2009 	good eats	We were traveling in a group of 12 for a fun &quot;Social&quot; Convention: 8 of us stayed at the Hampton &amp; the other 4 stayed at the Convention hotel, the Palmer House across the street. 1st the security is great. the elevator is &quot;keyed&quot; you can get to the lobby but you don't have access to the guestrooms unless you have a room key! the hot breakfast was a surprise. There were 3 of us in the room; we had no problem getting extra towels/soap/coffee/etc. We had the concierge/door man make us reservations at the Italian village &amp; we received a appetizer courtesy of the hotel. (another surprise) What I didn't like: When we check out &amp; split the bill my 2 roommates paid cash, they still &quot;held&quot; my debit card account for the FULL amount of the stay for an entire week (at the end of the week they took the amount owed &amp; took the hold off). I specifically asked the clerk &amp; she said it wouldn't be charged the full amount. Unfortunately I didn't find this out until I was home &amp; checks were bouncing. The hotel would not do anyhting to make it right after the fact.	
Nov 9 2009 	Location Location Location	Hotel is in a perfect spot downtown. Unless going to the near-north side, walking distance to everything necessary.If looking for a hotel with dining room, room service, or other ammenities, this isn't the place for you, it is after all a Hampton. But, if you want an excellent room, great front desk service, free breakfast and an excellent downtown location there is none better for the cost.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great weekend in Chicago	Excellent location for our purposes. Room size was excellent for our needs, but would be too small for a family. Staff is helpful and friendly. Our only complaint was that the lighting could have been better.	
Nov 5 2009 	On Par for Hampton Inn	The Majestic holds up to what I've come to expect from Hampton Inn: comfortable, clean, value, and good service. This was practically our first trip to Chicago so I wasn't exactly sure what part of town would be the best for a hotel. Turns out, the Majestic is in a great location. Easy walk to the Majestic Mile, Hancock Tower, and Navy Pier. Lots of restaurants and stores in the immediate area. The hotel itself was very comfortable in all respects. The lobby (for breakfast) and the rooms have a comfortable decor. The rooms are roomy considering the old building they are adapted to and for being in a large downtown area. I thought the price was very reasonable when compared to other hotels in the area. The breakfast was typical: nothing outstanding but it'll get your day started. If you want a good breakfast, visit one of the &quot;Corner Bakery&quot; restaurants. There are several within a couple blocks of The Majestic.I found out that parking in Chicago (like most cities) is very expensive. There has got to be a more cost effective way of parking your car but the hotel's valet parking was the best I could find on this trip. This is especially true if you want to come and go in your car since valet allows this for the same flat rate. Garage parking will cost you more unless you park it and leave it for 24 hours.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best Location for Downtown Chicago	This hotel is superb value for the center of Chicago. Located in the Loop, smack in the middle of the theater district, it occupies the upper floors of the Majestic Theater, an art deco high rise. The rooms are reasonably sized and very comfortable, the staff are friendly, helpful and well informed, cleanliness/hygiene is top notch, and it's very quiet, despite the location. The Art Institute, Grant Park and the lake are just a couple of blocks away, and the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; of Michigan Avenue is an easy walk. Public transportation is readily available to any place in Chicago, and the the Blue Line to O'Hare is just around the corner. The price isn't bargain basement, but for the location, it's great value for money. I'd recommend it to anyone for most any purpose.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location -- clean rooms	The Hampton Inn Majestic is located around the corner from the Blue Line which leads to Ohara and is the reason I picked this hotel. It is also centrally located to all the other trains and makes getting around Chicago very easy. Just remember to get a map of the train station at your first ride. We didn't and it made getting around much more difficult. The hotel is connected to a theatre and therefore the lobby is actually on the 4th floor. You must use a key card to access the floors of the hotel with rooms on them. It is an older building and has been well maintained. The rooms are average size and have all the normal amenities of a Hampton Inn. It did face an office building and if you don't close your blinds they can see right into your room.The breakfast was pretty standard -- muffins, cereal, danish, some fruit (in the form of a fruit salad) eggs with ham and cheese, biscuits.Overall it was an enjoyable stay -- the staff was eager to please and the roll a way we requested was delivered within the first 5 minutes we were in the room.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent value base for Chicago	I stayed here for two nights while on business in September. I paid £60/night for a modern, comfortable and spacious room through Expedia (don’t bother paying extra for the breakfast rate through Expedia by the way as a free breakfast buffet is available for all guests anyway). The buffet offered quite a good choice with pastries, cereal, fruit, yoghurt and some hot items as well I think. The hotel also offered a ‘business centre’ (two computers with a printer etc), internet access in the bedrooms and a fitness centre. The location was good – close to the Millennium Park area – and the staff were friendly. It’s also close to the Monroe ‘EL’ stop so easy to get to from the airport (and to get around if you’re going further than walking distance) – if you have a lot of luggage though it might be worth walking a bit further from Jackson which has a lift. I was very happy with my choice and would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for the price.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great experience. Perfect location.	Location, location, location. Found this hotel perfect for our stay. Next door to LaSalle Bank theater, a block from the Italian Village -a few blocks from Union Station. Tight security. The staff were expecially helpful and friendly. The rooms - maybe a little dark - but very clean. The walls must be especially thick (old, historic building) because it was very quiet. No noisy neighbors, no slamming doors. Nice breakfast. Planning another theater trip next May. Will return to the Hampton Majestic.	
Oct 8 2009 	wonderful experience	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Majestic for 6 nights and I am so glad we chose this hotel. The location is perfect to utilize the CTA, the service is outstanding, the rooms were clean and updated, the breakfast was perfect, and the value for the price was unmatched. I wish all of the Hampton Inn locations could take a lesson from this one. Bravo! We will definitley stay here again the next time we visit Chicago.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great central location good value in the City	We really liked this hotel. It is in a great location, walk out of the door and you are right in the middle of the theatre district, with easy walking to all the attractions, we did a walking tour of the city and it was a perfect place to start. It is an old renovated building above the theatre, so the lobby is on the first floor. The staff were, without exception, totally charming and helpful. We liked the decor in the rooms, thought them very nicely renovated, and a good size. The beds were extremely comfortable with good linen and a choice of pillows. It was also quiet, we were worried about traffic noise but the double glazing worked well. Breakfast was absolutely fine, and more than enough choice, with fresh fruit. We thought it good value for a city hotel and paid nothing like the rates other reviewers of this place have mentioned, we would certainly stay there again should we ever return to Chicago.	
Oct 1 2009 	Yes but...	I'd recommend this hotel.Pluses: the location was excellent, the staff friendly, the rooms large, the cost reasonable for a big-city hotel.Neutrals: the breakfast was adequate (but certainly a value compared to buying at a restaurant).Negatives: the rooms were dark. (I don't so much object to the color of the decor, which was maroon-ish, as to the use of fluorescent bulbs in every fixture. Hey, I'm as green as the next guy, but face it, fluorescents cast a cold, dim, gloomy light.) And the common areas were small and dreary. (The entry off the street almost looks like the freight entrance. And the combined front desk/breakfast room/business center was painfully small. For the first couple of days we were there, the presence of two tour groups plus the rest of the guests made breakfast seem like New Year's Eve on Times Square.)All of that said, I do recommend the hotel. But third-best in Chicago? I really don't think so.	
Sep 29 2009 	Small and Dark	It is convenient, the staff is pleasant, and the internet works well for the business folks. The rooms, however, are dark and very small. I was upgraded so I wonder what the standard room looks like. The carpets are all dark and forboding, the lighting is minimal, and the furniture is all dark. You have to wonder what is lurking. The price was right as well.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good location and comfortable stay	This hotel is well located in the Theatre District - a short walk from the excellent Millennium Park area and shopping on State street. Rooms looked fairly new and are comfortable. Free breakfast good, as with all Hampton Inns. Friendly staff. Only a few 100 yards from the Monroe train stop - so only $2.25 trip direct from airport (took about 40 minutes).	
Sep 18 2009 	Not a great value	I spent 2 nights at Hampton Inn and I am not sure what to say about it. Although there is nothing really bad about it, I can’t think of something good to say either. Hampton Inns are usually the inexpensive sister in the Hilton family, nothing fancy, just basic decent hotel accommodation. However, the high price and the very enthusiastic comments from this forum made me believe this is something special. Not exactly. This is a very old building that was probably recently renovated. The colors are all dark however. Dark carpet, dark furniture and dark wall paper, a little to depressing for me. The breakfast is nothing special, just an extended continental breakfast with some kind of fake eggs and gravy, cereals, muffins and beagles. I can’t really imagine how someone can eat enough of that stuff to last them till dinner. They offer free wireless Internet and there are 2 PCs in the lobby with free Internet also. The rooms appeared to be clean and comfortable and the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, probably they are the best thing about this hotel. I paid $249/ night plus tax and I feel that was no reason for that kind of rate. If you can get this hotel for less than $175 and you don’t mind the Gothic look, you might enjoy this hotel more than I did. The location is great especially if you don’t have a car and like to walk. In conclusion, not a bad hotel, but definitely not a good value or worth the money that they are asking.	
Sep 15 2009 	I loved our stay at this hotel! The location was awesome!	If you don't mind walking you can get to almost all the attractions, so have some comfy shoes on. The service was wonderful - people at the front desk were helpful and pleasant. The breakfast was nice,nothing fancy but you can definitely get full easily..I would definitely stay here again! Thank you Majestic.	
Sep 14 2009 	Service Location 	We look forward to returning to Chicago and will definitely stay at the Hampton Inn Majestic. The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly, the room was clean and comfortable, the breakfast included was not the typical toast and coffee and it was in a perfect location. All of this for the most reasonable price of all of the hotels we looked at.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great hotel with perfect location!	My husband and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Majestic for 4 nights and were very pleased with our stay. The room was spacious and beautiful. I heard very little noise from other guests or from the streets. We had no problems with overcrowding at breakfast until Friday morning and I think that was partly because we ate later. You can always take your food to your room if there is not seating available. The location of the hotel is wonderful!! Red line station is right around the corner and there are bus stops that will take you almost anywhere you want to go within about a half a block. Many things were close enough to walk to if you are so inclined. This will be my choice of hotels next time I stay in Chicago.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We were very pleased with this hotel and the staff. Our two-double bed room was very roomy and very clean. The carpeting looked brand-new as did the wallpaper, furniture, etc. Bathroom was a good size with a good shower. Only negative is that the breakfast area is quite small considering the size of the hotel. We choose not to stand-in line to wait for food and what appeared to be a wait for a table. There is a Corner Bakery just a couple of blocks away that was very good and very reasonably priced. We chose to self-park rather than pay for valet parking. We parked at the East Monroe Millennium Parking Garage off of Columbus Avenue ($23/24 hours). Very easy walk from the hotel to the parking garage.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice but I would sta somewhere else	My wife and I went to the Hampton Inn Majestic for a quick get away at the end of August. I got a good deal on Jersey Boy tickets by calling the hotel direct and that is why we stayed here. The location is pretty good and hotel was okay but the room decor was a little too dark for my liking. When we arrived the bathroom wasn't as clean as it should have been, it looked as if someone had been sick and the hotel staff didn't fully clean up. Other than that everything else was acceptable. Breakfast was better than your normal continental deal and saved us some money as we were able to skip lunch and eat an early dinner which was also a little cheaper. Overall, our stay was good but I don't see us staying here again.	
Aug 30 2009 	A lovely stay in an ideal location	We just spent five nights at the Hampton Majestic ,and it deserves the reviews it gets here, particularly for extraordinary value. The rooms are quite large and well-appointed, if a bit dark, and there's none of the noise problem you sometimes get with older hotels. With our very late arrival, we got a room next to the elevator lobby, which is usually a big red flag for us. I promised my wife the minute we heard anything, we'd ask for another room. In five days, we never heard a sound. The desk staff is nonstop pleasant and helpful, and the maid service is the best we've ever experienced -- thorough, unobtrusive and relentlessly cheerful. They even provide two different kinds of pillows, firm and soft. All the details are covered. And you couldn't ask for a better location -- easy walking distance from Millenium Park, theaters, State Street and the Magnificent Mile, some of the world's best restaurants and the Blue Line train to the airport. The breakfast buffet is limited in selection, but everything's delicious. There's no restaurant or bar on site, but the famous Italian Village around the corner provides room service, and Lou Malnati's delivers. The only quibbles are minor -- the small workout room has only one universal weight machine, and the soda vending machines on alternate floors are one-armed bandits. Again, what's remarkable here is the value. Our whole stay cost less than $800, not counting the room taxes. We couldn't have asked for a more enjoyable experience at a place charging three times as much.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent customer service clean rooms great location!	Every minute of our stay was nice and easy from the moment we arrived, the valet folks were so nice and helpful! The rooms are clean and decorated very nicely, doesn't feel like a standard hotel room. The hot breakfast and coffee all day is definitely a perk. Good location in the theatre district. I will say if you want to be right on the magnificent mile, it is a bit of a walk from here. That was fine for us, but I know not so fine for everyone. Upon our checkout, we were allowed to leave our bags with the valet so we could have lunch and walk around the city some more. Would definitely visit again!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great customer service!!!	Great location if you're going to the Majestic Theatre. Magnificant Mile and State Street shoping just a couple of blocks away. If you like Italian food you MUST vist the Italian Village restaurant just one block down the street.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location great hotel.	We had a great stay at the Majestic. Perfect location, close to all trains and within walking distance to all downtown attractions. Staff attentive and friendlly. We didn't have breakfast while we were there but it sounded good. Room was spacious, super clean and modern. We appreciate all the ammenities such as free Wifi and plasma TV, and daily paper. Bed was very comfy. Only negative was small closet. We spent a little extra for the room with microwave/fridge and it was perfect for leftovers from many fabulous dining experiences in Chicago. Easy trip on orange line from Midway airport and blue/red lines just around the corner. We were next to the elevator but didn't hear any noise from it or neighbors, just some street noise which is normal for Chicago. Great stay! Go cubbies!	
Aug 17 2009 	Fabulous Hotel...Wonderful Staff...	.stayed here with our two teenagers and we all absolutely loved this hotel. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left, the staff were always very helpful and accessible.Front door valet parking for one flat free for your stay. We never had to wait more than 10 minutes for them to retrieve our car.The rooms were very large and spacious with wonderful high ceilings. You never felt cramped in this room. Beds were very comfortable, towels were thick and plentiful.Free wi-fi in our room which worked very fast. The continental breakfast included was great - hot items such as eggs and ham were available along with a good selection of cereals, fresh fruits, pastries and breads.The location is ideal. We were able to walk most places after receiving directions from the friendly lobby staff including the aquarium. It wasn't that far at all. We did take the subway one night and it is conveniently located around the corner from the hotel.There are a lot of great stores near the hotel for shopping as well there is a theater right next door to take in a Broadway show.We had a great time in Chicago and couldn't have asked for a better hotel to stay at.	
Aug 15 2009	wonderful stay	Clean, friendly/helpful staff, and perfect location near buses and trains. Staff was very advising best way to reach places. And free breakfast and internet!	
Aug 15 2009	Troublefree stay	Hampton Inn Majestic Chicago Theatre District deserves its high tripadvisor ranking. Comfortable beds, free high speed internet, great shower, working thermostat, plenty of towels, HD TV, comfortable beds, included breakfast, speedy check-in and express check-out made for a trouble free stay. Handy to the 'L' and buses, Union Station Millennium Park, the Art Institute and any number of other attractions are a short walk away. If you want a fancier lobby you can walk down the street through the Palmer House for free.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great central location good rooms elevators in high demand	This hotel is located inside Chicago's loop, and within walking distance to many downtown attractions and businesses. The rooms are adequate in size, clean and modern, with very tall ceilings, as these floors were likely an offices in the past. Once business hours have passed, there is not much nearby in terms of nightlife except for establishments catering to the theater and tourist crowds, since this is primarily a commercial district with some theaters. Public transportation and taxis are readily available in the area.The breakfast, internet and service is as one would expect from most Hampton Inns, consistently efficient and effective. One drawback to this hotel was the elevator situation during check-in (late afternoon) and check-out (morning). This building is very tall and narrow, there are about 10 rooms per floor, but there are 20+ floors in the building, with only 2 or 3 elevators serving the floors containing the Hampton Inn, so during peak traffic hours, you may have to wait a bit longer than expected. This hotel has no pool, nor free parking.Overall, this is a great value for a hotel situated in the heart of Chicago, if you are on business or leisure, and have a need for this very central location.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Value in a Great City	My family and I went to Chicago for Lollapalooza. I was looking for a hotel close to Grant Park so the kids would be able to walk back and forth with their 3 day pass. What a great choice we made. Great location, friendly staff, and nice rooms. This is a very old office building, so don't expect your usual Hampton Inn huge lobby with a vast free parking area. You are literally in the middle of downtown Chicago, so expect to pay a premium for that. The kids enjoyed Lollapalooza, my wife and I enjoyed touring the city, and we also enjoyed some great restaurants.	
Aug 6 2009 	super friendly staff	Our family chose this hotel because of its high rating on Trip Advisor and the not-outrageous price/night. It had its flaws, but for the most part, this was a fine place to stay.The staff was SO courteous and always willing to help with whatever we needed. We had never been to Chicago before and they were helpful with directions to a few places. Also, whenever we had extra towels or anything else brought up to our room, the person was always telling us to call anytime and he would get anything we needed right away. The parking guys downstairs were also very friendly and when we had to wait 15 minutes for our car to be brought to us, they were super apologetic, even though we expected at least that long of a wait.There was a flat screen, HD tv that was nice.Breakfast was good. Selection was pretty good. Hot items and cold.Walking distance to downtown stuff. MANY restaurants very nearby. We walked to the Sears Tower too. Took a short (somewhat scary) cab ride to the Field Museum and Aquarium. Wi-fi worked very well.Room was super clean.Things I would change...It would have been nice to have a second sink outside of the bathroom.The closet was super tiny.Bedside table was really small.Pillows were too &quot;high&quot;. Wish we would have been given flatter ones.The TV channel selection was small... no Disney channel or Nickelodeon for the kids.	
Jul 27 2009 	Lovely	The location can not be beat (nor can the friendliness of the staff!!!). Great time. Chicago has been the best part of our vacation in the US.	
Jul 20 2009 	Oh What a Night 	Hey, considering the hit show Jersey Boys is playing right next door, I thought I'd keep with the songs in the show: Oh, What a Night &amp; Oh, What a Hotel!Had a conference last week--and didn't want to stay too close to all of the conference hoopla, so I chose to stay at the Hampton Inn Majestic &amp; I'm glad I did!This place has it all: Decent room rates, friendly staff (front desk, bellmen, breakfast bar); very nice free breakfast; FREE Internet; and the front desk was kind enough to give me a late check-out!Also good: Being next door to Jersey Boys! That show ROCKED! Get this: You can get &quot;RUSH&quot; tickets for $25 bucks the same day as the show...The bellman advised me to get there at 8:30am for a 10am opening &amp; it worked....Just take a good book to read for the 90 minute waitThe hotel is clean &amp; well-maintained....Also, the hotel is relatively close to everything--Mill, Park, shopping, restaurants, etc.Thank you for 5 lovely days!	
Jul 18 2009 	Looks Can Deceive!	When you first look at the outside entrance to this hotel, you could be forgiven for thinking that it isn't up to much on the inside. Nothing could further from the truth!The hotel is actually on top of the Theatre of America, and the hotel lobby is accessed via elevators at the 4th floor.You are welcomed by a small but friendly and efficent lobby area. The staff are very efficient and extremely friendly and always available to give help and assistance when needed. The lobby also contains a breakfast area where complimentary breakfasts are served every morining with a fair selection of hot and cold food. The breakfast area can become a little busy at times but it usually doesn't take long before a table becomes available. Also in the lobby is a small Business Centre where there are two computer terminals and a printer available.High-speed internet access is available throughout the hotel free of charge via wi-fi or ethernet cable.Our room was on the 11th floor and situated at the rear of the hotel away from the main street. There was minimal street noise with only the occasional siren from emergency services vehicles; this meant that we were able to get a good nights sleep. The room was adequately sized with a king-sized bed, work-desk, easy chair, computer chair, chest of drawers and built-in wardrobe. Also provided was a 32&quot; HD flat-screen tv with a host of channels including a fair number of HD channels.The bathroom was very good and contained all modern conveniencies and plenty of towels. Also situated in the bathroom was the coffee maker with plenty of sachets.The bed was extremely comfortable, especially after a hard day walking around the city!The only gripe we had was that on a couple of occasions we found that the room-maid still hadn't made up the room by late afternoon; a little inconvenient if you were wanting to take a shower etc before dinner! Never-the-less the service was first class!On one particular day it had been raining during the morning and we didn't have an umbrella; we noticed another guest had been given a complimentary umbrella for the rest of his visit. So, we asked for one too and was handed one for our stay. Needless to say it never rained again for the rest of our stay!!The hotel is situated on W. Monroe, right around the corner form State Street and the beginning of all the shops. Millenium Park is three blocks away which is also the beginning of the 'Magnificent Mile'. So as you can see, the Hampton Inn Majestic is close to all the action you could require and a theatre an open door away! We would thoroughly reccomend this hotel for a quiet and not too expensive stay!	
Jul 14 2009 	FRIENDLY	My husband and I were very impressed with the Hampton. Awesome guest service (Cynthia) clean,quiet, perfect location. And we will be back for sure.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location for family with teens!	Just got back from Chicago. We were very pleased with our stay at The Hampton Inn. It's clean and quiet, and the rooms are tastefully decorated. The breakfast buffet has plenty to offer two hungry teens (and their parents!), and the 24-hour coffee and tea service in the lobby is nice to have. The hotel is ideally located near the Art Institute and Mill. Park.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Location Great Price	Stayed one night in the middle of the week at the Hampton Inn Majestic while traveling for work. The hotel was extremely clean and had a very “old Chicago” feel to it which was neat. The room was a little smaller which was fine by me and understandable considering the downtown location. Even though the building was older, the room was neat and had a contemporary look to it. As in all Hamptons, the room also had free internet access. The room also had a high definition 42” LCD TV which was nice. The view from my room wasn’t anything special but that part didn’t really matter to me.My only complaint was that there was no soap anywhere in the room and I had to go to the front desk to get some. Not the end of the world though. All in all, it was a nice hotel with a great location and very reasonably priced. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Awesome! Definitely going back!	The location is very convenient. If you are coming from the airport the blue line stops right outside of the hotel. The rooms are very clean and are kept that way each day by the housekeeping staff. The hotel is close to all Chicago's important sites and has some great restaurants in the area. The staff is friendly and helpful. My only complaint is that breakfast is served in the small lobby so if there are a lot of guests there at the same time it can get a bit hectic. There are 2 computers and a printer in the lobby which was very convenient. Very reasonable prices for the location and rooms. I'll definitely be staying there on my next trip to Chicago!	
Jul 5 2009 	Great place - great location - wonderful staff	Just around the corner from the Monroe El stop (a bargain at $2.50 USD direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport) this renovated hotel was perfect; free breakfast included hot eggs, biscuits, toast, bagels, sweet rolls, yogurt, fresh fruit, cereal, juices, coffee, etc.Staff was friendly &amp; efficient. Walked to Art Institute of Chicago, Grant &amp; Millenium Parks, Magnificent Mile. Safe and clean, family friendly.	
Jul 3 2009 	All the best plus more	Just returned from an overnight stay at the Hampton Inn. Being a travel agent we relyon tripadvisor quite a bit to get the reviews of the different hotels. While checking prices and the ratings for a one night stay I came across the Hampton Inn-Majestic.It lived up to the great reviews and more. The staff at this hotel are GEMS! They are veryhelpful and knowledgeable. More, when you make special requests..............they deliver.So many resorts spout that they request things but can't guarantee. Hampton Inndelivered!	
Jun 30 2009 	Fantastic Stay	Last week my girlfriends and I spent three wonderful days at the Hampton Inn Majestic for shopping, sightseeing, and theater. The hotel was wonderful and the location was great. We only needed a taxi to and from the train station.The employees at the front desk are pleasant and helpful, especially Christopher who made our reservations and offered several recommendations. The complimentary breakfast is hot, yummy, and fresh. Each day, Martha in food service greeted us with a smile and a &quot;good morning&quot;. She kept the food trays well stocked and the coffee hot.The Hampton Inn Majestic will be our hotel of choice in Chicago.	
Jun 23 2009 	A Very Pleasant Surprise!	Had never heard of the Hampton Majestic but figured the #2 ranking from TripAdvisor made it worth a try. Great location in the heart of The Loop, and close to both the Red and Blue CTA lines so connecting to O'Hare and Wrigley Fields was a snap. Clean, quiet comfortable room. Complimentary breakfast buffet was tasty, comprehensive, and varied over the two days of my stay. Staff was universally friendly and helpful. What more can one want?I'll be back...	
Jun 17 2009 	Hampton Inn Majestic is well worth it!	I traveled to Chicago with my family for 6 nights. We were very pleased with our stay here at the Majestic! The staff was very helpful and always willing to help us out! We did come back to the hotel about 3 o'clock one day and the roon had not been cleaned but that was the ONLY issue we had. The rooms were very comfortable and the location couldn't be better. You have the blue line on one side of the building, the red on the other. And an added bonus...Garrett's Popcorn is a very short walk away!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Clean room very good services great location	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. My wife liked the hotel because of the overall cleanliness. During the stay, she and my son did not get stuffy nose. In most hotels we have stayed at, the HVAC systems usually got the nose of her or my son stuffy. But not at this hotel. The room was large for 3 people. Our room had two queen sized beds, which were huge and comfortable. The beds were not hard and not too soft. The comforters and pillows were clean and comfortable. The room had a huge flat screen LCD TV with the usual channels. The one complaint I had was that the housekeeping maid did not leave us with enough hand towels, any cups and any spare roll of toilet paper in the second day. I called the front desk to lodge a complaint. The manager, Andrew, called me back and took care of the problems with a sincere apology. I was impressed with how well the management handled my complaint. A minor concern I had was the huge, old, wood-framed windows, which did not offer good sound insulation. As a result, I could hear honking noises made by cars at night (our room was on the 10th floor). The honking noises were not too loud, but noticeable. Luckily the honking noises did not prevent my family from falling asleep. Other than the faint honking noises, I could hear water running when our next door neighbors took their shower. But that kind of shower noises from the rooms next door is a common thing in many hotels that I have stayed at, and is not a problem unique to this hotel. However, I was impressed by the fact that I did not hear any noise through the walls from the rooms on both sides of our room indicating that the walls did a very good job in noise insulation. In addition, I did not hear any noises from the hallway during my stay. I think the fact that there were only 8 rooms per floor reduced the number of people staying on each floor and as a result reducing the chance of hallway noises. The room had a pair of thick, burgundy curtains at the windows, which curtains did a very good job in keeping the room dark in the morning. The free buffet breakfast was quite well stocked with a hot meat item and an egg item every morning. The breakfast dining room was, unfortunately, kind of tight so it was crowded every morning. Nevertheless, on the overall, I am very happy with the hotel stay here. Finally, the location of the hotel is great: less than a block from the Red Line or Green Line, only about 3 blocks from Millenium Park and about 8 blocks from the Chicago River. The central location of the hotel is a big plus.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Service	Great service from start to finish - we came to Chicago over Labor Day weekend and when we got there the gentleman at the entrance checked to see if our room was ready - the rooms were beautiful and very cozy. They called us after we got to our room to make sure that the room was good and to see if we needed anything. There complimentary breakfast was one of the best my family and I have ever seen they even have &quot;on the go&quot; bags filled with goodies in case you are on the run.	
May 28 2009 	OK place to stay.	Great location if you are seeing a show at the Bank of America Theatre. Our room was nice and very quiet. Breakfast was decent but the lobby area is small so it can be crowded.. Housekeeping service was very good although I prefer my room cleaned early. When we came back to our room at 1:00 pm to get ready for a show, our rooms were not clean and we had no clean towels. The biggest negative for me was the front desk staff. They were a terrible source for information on restaurants, tours and directions. You would think the least they would do is tell us they had brochures on the fifth floor. We happened upon them while searching for a vending machine for water. Our floor, 9th, did not have a vending machine for drinks. Also, only one of our room keys was activated and you need the key to get the elevator going.. We booked two rooms and the other couple had the same problem. This is a good place to stay if you are seeing a show but I would not stay here again as Chicago has many great hotels.	
May 26 2009 	Lived up to its great reviews . . . now here's mine	If you're looking for a room with great views of the lake or a fancy lobby, don't stay here. However, if you're looking for an extremely clean room in a nice building, with great service from the minute you walk into the place, perfectly situated between the red and blue lines, and at a great price compared to other area hotels, with a pretty good free breakfast, then stay here. If you plan on seeing Jersey Boys (which I highly recommend) then staying here is an added bonus for convenience. I just returned from a five night stay there and could not have been more pleased with the Hampton Majestic. I chose this hotel partly because I did want to see Jersey Boys a few times, partly because of the reviews, largely for proximity to subway access and largely for the great rate I got (average of $109 per over the five nights). The front desk people were great. Of note when I checked out at 1:30 in the morning to catch an early flight, the girl at the front desk (on 5/26) actually went and got the keys to turn on the juice machine in the breakfast area just so I could have a glass of juice before I left. Small thing but incredibly thoughtful. There's no restaurant other than the very good breakfast buffet, but no problem. There's more than you need just outside the hotel (my favorite was Italian Village). The rooms were average size, nice size bathrooms, both very nice and clean. Free in-room internet service and computers and printer for use in the lobby helped too; and a nice big flat screen tv in the room. There's a fair amount of street traffic noise below, expected though for an area like that, but seems to die down by 10:00 pm or so. More importantly, it was very quiet inside the hotel, and I noticed security making rounds at night, plus a card key required to use the elevator at any time and to enter the building after 10 or 11 PM. Would like to have seen an actual safe in the room, but otherwise felt very safe. Being so close to the blue and red lines make it a straight shot to/from O'Hare on the blue (much quicker and cheaper than a taxi) and to Wrigley Field and White Sox Park on the red. Easy walk to Lake M. too. This would have been a bargain at twice the price I paid. Next time I go to Chicago, I won't even waste time checking other hotels, this place is a great bargain in a perfect location.	
May 23 2009 	Chicago's hidden secret	Just returned form a stay at the Hampton Inn Majestic. We have been to the city many times and stayed at many hotels. Most of them in the 4 star category. We stayed here as we were helped with out reservation by those assisting us in our trip this time. I read the reviews and saw the pictures on line. So I expected a nice 2 star hotel. The Hampton Majestic proved to be way above my expectations. The staff was wonderful, friendly and helpful. The room was nice size, extremely clean. The bed were great. The bathroom was big and the shower was great. It was quiet as others have mentioned before. It might not have had bathrobes like some of the more expensive hotels but otherwise was equal to or exceded what we had found at other hotels.We usually try and stay at a different hotel each time we go to the city, but I tell you this is the only hotel we will use in the future. Like I said for the price it is Chicago's best kept secret.	
May 23 2009 	The Majestic lives up to its name	We stayed on a Friday and Saturday night. From the moment we pulled over to the curb, we were greeted with friendliness and excellent service. We were early and our bags were held until we came back to check-in. The valet and bell employees were extremely polite and helpful. I was a bit nervous being in the big city alone with my 11 year old daughter, and everyone put us at ease. We walked everywhere! Great access to Millenium Park, shopping and the Cadillac Theater. Our room was very clean and nicely decorated. The room was quiet and the beds were very comfortable. The breakfast was very good and varied and the staff were so friendly. We asked a lot of questions about riding the &quot;red line&quot; and we made it to Michigan Avenue. We hope we can stay at the Majestic again sometime soon.	
May 21 2009 	Will Go Back	Very pleasant hotel with excellent and friendly staff. The room was large and well appointed. The complimentary buffet breakfast provide an excellent start and was available for quite a while which meant there was no rush. The location was convenient for the theatres and not far from Michigan Ave. It was also very handy for the subway to O'Hare and Wrigley field with the Sears Tower being only a 10 minute walk. It was an enjoyable stay. Will stay here again if we and when I go back to Chicago, a great city.	
May 18 2009 	Fantastic stay	After an 8 hour flight from Dublin, the welcomes and the smiles from the staff in the Hampton Inn were great. The check in was very smooth, we got maps and information on local dining and bars. Everyone in the hotel was so freindly, helpful and polite - a great asset to the hotel. The hotel is very centrally located with State St shops around the corner, great bars and restuarants and the lake side and 'Bean' only a short walk away. If you want some good food and genuine hospitality head off to Millers bar, a block way - Karl the barman is great company and the food was great. The best cheesburger any of us ever ate was in Butch McGuires on Division St - a typical Irish American bar with lots of food, music and people. We had some great Thai food in the Big Bowl on 60 EAst Ohio St if you fancy something spicier. Taxis were very cheap and we used them regulalrly, we also got a 24 hour visitor pass for the trains/buses and that was good value.I highly recommend going on the 90 minute river/lake cruise - we bought the tickets at the pier near the Wrigley Building and only paid $25 for teh trip - cheaper than the CAM tours and just as interesting. You really get a feel for this great city from the water.I would definitely recommend the Hampton Inn and will be returning to Chicago - a great city to visit	
May 17 2009 	Wish it were cheaper but what a great place!	The Hampton Inn Majestic was located perfectly for purposes of our recent trip to Chicago... within easy walking distance of the Ford Theatre (where we saw LEGALLY BLONDE), of an office where I had business to do, of the Art Institute of Chicago, and of both the Red and Blue lines of the train, which made getting to the hotel from the airport by train INCREDIBLY easy, inexpensive, and fast compared to taking a taxi in.I want to say that we were hard pressed to make a decision between this hotel and the Homewood Suites which are also so highly rated here at TripAdvisor... and which, from the reviews, have a GREAT breakfast and lots of space, including a full kitchen. Even better, we were able to find an online room rate of $139 for the Homewood Suites, which is a great price for that hotel... but in the end, with very little to go on in deciding between the two, my husband and I selected the Hampton Inn Majestic for two reasons... one, because it really was the best situated hotel for the business we had to do in town... and two, because the Homewood Stay Suites reviews all (or mostly) seemed to be from families traveling with children. I don't dislike kids, but I have had too many experiences when traveling of kids not being well-supervised in hotels by parents who understandably want to relax and enjoy their own well-deserved vacations.... and regretably for other travelers in hotels, this often means having children pounding up and down hotel hallways outside your door at all hours, yelling and chasing each other early in the morning... slamming in and out of rooms with loud, self-closing doors repeatedly.... handling food at breakfast buffets without washing hands, etc. I have seen NO indications in reviews for the Homewood Suites that this is the case or the norm at that hotel! But I couldn't find any reviews from people who weren't themselves traveling with children, so I wasn't sure I was seeing reviews from travelers with my own perspective. So, regretfully, we passed on Homewood Suites and reserved with Hampton Inn Majestic.I searched and searched, but could not find a rate less than $199 a night for the time we'd be there... my husband and I are not &quot;luxury hotel&quot; people, and prefer not to blow more than $100 a night of vacation budgets on lodging...but in the end decided that the location and the good reviews might justify the expense.We were not disappointed. I realize that every hotel review is subjective, and that everyone's personal experience is dictated by a number of unpredictable factors... but all I can do is tell you what we experienced.We were given a room on the 8th floor. Elevator access to room floors is controlled by your room key, which is a nice added security measure in downtown Chicago. Our room was a good size. Walls are a darkish rust color, which made for a darker room than I generally like, but color doesn't matter that much to me. The most important thing to me in ANY hotel room is whether or not the bed is comfortable.These beds were terrific. Not too soft, not too hard; didn't wake up with aching backs.The second most important thing to me in a hotel room is room temperature. The thermostat in our room was easy to understand, immediately responsive, and let you set a specific temperature and maintain it automatically rather than force you to rely on vague &quot;warmer/cooler&quot; dials that required you to constantly adjust a dial up or down.The third most important thing to me in a hotel room is quiet. Our room was wonderfully quiet for all four nights of our stay. We didn't hear doors slamming in the morning, or plumbing from other rooms. We didn't hear other people's TVs, or hair dryers, or conversations. We didn't hear conversations out in the hallway. I'm pretty sure there were at least three other people staying on our floor, because newspapers would be outside those doors in the mornings... either we lucked out and stayed on a floor with some very courteous fellow travelers, or these rooms are just well sound-proofed.The shower heads are very high... my 6-foot-tall husband was thrilled not to have to crouch to wash his hair. I'm a bit shorter, and had to adjust the shower spray to ensure that there'd still be some force to the water by the time it hit my reduced height. :-)The included breakfast was okay, not spectacular... but it did include hot items (scrambled egg discs and ham discs) as well as breads and a variety of cereals, juices, milk, etc. I would have liked to have waffles as an option.The business center was TERRIFIC. I was able to check email and print boarding passes, as one would expect, but ALSO to download and print some Microsoft Word and Adobe PDF documents, which is not always possible in a hotel business center.There are lots of dining options within walking or easy train ride distance. We ate at the Grillroom across the street (WONDERFUL flourless chocolate cake there!!!), at Petterino's within walking distance of the Ford Theatre, and at the Weber Grille (an easy ride on the red line). All were great.The Hampton Inn Majestic staff, though we had limited interaction with them, were very friendly and helpful throughout. We regretfully decided to check out a night early because our flight home was going to be very early in the morning, and the train's Blue Line was going to be undergoing repairs over the weekend that would force us to take the train part of the way, then take a shuttle, then get back on the train... and we couldn't face the uncertainty and possible delays on the morning of an early flight. We decided to spend the last night in the Chicago Hilton at O'Hare, and did not have nearly as wonderful an experience there as we did at this Hampton Inn (which, I believe, is also a Hilton property?). I have also posted a review about our experience at that hotel, if you're interested.In summary, if this hotel is as well-located for you as it was for us, you can't go wrong. Sure wish it were cheaper... but it's not outrageous for a hotel in downtown Chicago, and you definitely get good hotel value for the money.	
May 13 2009 	EXCELLENT STAFF AND LOCATION	The staff was excellent!! The location was excellent!! A wonderful breakfast was included. Walking distance to several area attractions. We also used the trolley service that was located one block form us. We saw the broadway hit, Jersey Boys, which was right next door!! Everything was great!!! We had a great stay!!! Beds were very comfortable!!! We are planning to return later this summer.	
May 13 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a fabulous location in an amazing city!!	Absolutely loved Chicago! Arrived home in the early hours of this morning and even though jet lagged wanted to get this review on here asap!! We couldn't of asked to be in a better location. Arrived at O'Hare no problems at all and as recommended on TA we braved the 'L'. So glad we did - we did not stop using it. We arrived at T5 and signposts to the train station were good - we then brought a 7 day CTA pass for the 'L' (inc use of CTA buses too) for $26 each (they also do 1 and 3 day passes).  We found this to be great value for money as the cost of our two passes, which we used all week would have been about the price of a taxi one way!! Can't recommend it enough as the subway locations for the blue and red line are both just around the corner from the hotel so no problem at all. They seemed to be very reliable too and very frequent! It was useful as we could walk all the way some where and know we could hop on the 'L' to get back to the hotel!Also useful if you want to take in a Sox (or Cubs) game as the L takes you straight there. I'm not a big sports fan but the baseball is so much fun to watch and very entertaining - definitely recommend it. We saw the White Sox play and got tickets on the day (I believe the cubs tickets are a lot harder to come by!!)The hotel itself is in a lovely building, rooms were of a good size and clean, staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a high floor room (18th) and we were not bothered by any street or other guest noise (apart from the odd slamming door!!) The breakfast included was fine for what it was - buffet style - you could fill up on fruit, toasts, bagels, juice, cakes and there was also a small hot option. Coffee was availble all day in the lobby which was most welcome after a day of sightseeing!!As for Chicago itself we did all the usual tourist things but have to say the highlights for us (apart from the fantastic shopping!) was the Chicago Trolley tour - great to get your bearings, Sears Tower, drinks at night for the view at the top of the Hancock Tower and the Shedd Aquarium (you have to see the 4D Planet Earth show!!!). Food was great and we had a particularly good dinner at The Gage opposite the Millenium Park and only a short walk from the Hotel. Millenium Park is great to stroll around and we thought the Bean was amazing - so many photo opportunities!!Almost forgot our other highlight was bumping into Jerry Springer walking around Chicago!My only regret.....we did not take advantage of seeing the Jersey Boys in the theatre next to the Hotel!	
May 8 2009 	Almost perfect...one major problem.	Not wanting to attempt driving/parking in downtown Chicago, my two friends and I booked at the Majestic while we were in town for a girls' weekend. The location is very nice...just a few blocks from the Art Institute, though it's about a mile and change hike to the Museums and the Lake. The lobby's on the 4th floor...the hotel doesn't even 'start' until the 4th floor, so that took some getting used to. The staff was fantastic, the rooms were spacious and scrumptious, and the price + valet parking, while still pricey, was FAR better than any other downtown Chicago hotel.So, what was the major problem? We arrived early, about 1030am, in town, stopping for lunch before we went to the hotel. We got to the hotel a little before 2pm and were told that the room wasn't ready yet...okay. 3pm's check-in time, no biggie. We checked our luggage with the wonderful valet staff (though they had to even tag our pillows!), and set out to wander the town a little. We wound up hiking out to the Museum Campus and back. Upon returning, we figured we'd go and drop things off in the room, then go to dinner.But the room still wasn't ready and our luggage was still down in the valet station. It was 530pm. We were a bit travel-weary and a bit footsore, and we wound up sitting in the lobby for another half-hour while the room was finished. The desk clerk explained that they had a 'full turnover', as in, everyone had checked out that morning and every room had to be cleaned, but still, having to wait 3 full hours past our check-in time irked us, especially in our tired and hungry conditions. Then, once we were checked in, we were not allowed to bring our own luggage up; we had to wait for the bellhop. After a 25min wait (after being told it would only be 5-10min), we had to call the front desk to remind them to send it up. As a result, we didn't get out of the hotel until well past intended time and were faced with the hordes of Saturday night diners swarming Chicago.If not for that, this would have been a perfect experience and we would stay here again, but I suggest that if the housekeeping staff is that overextended, perhaps they should hire on another person or two. Just a suggestion.Otherwise, great stay at a nice hotel!	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Stay at Hampton Inn Majestic	My husband, son and I recently stayed at the Hampton Inn Majestic and we were very pleased with our experience. The hotel was very well located, downtown and right around the corner from two train lines. This is not a luxury, fancy, hotel but a comfortable, friendly &quot;home away from home&quot;. Our room was clean and nicely decorated with very comfortable beds. The free breakfast and internet were convenient and much appreciated. All of the hotel employees were so friendly and ready to assist us at any time. If I had to think of a negative, the only one that comes to mind is that we could hear some street noise from inside our room but it was not loud enough to be annoying or disturb our sleep. We definitely hope to return.	
Apr 23 2009 	A GREAT hotel in central Chicago	I stayed at the Hampton Majestic for a week over Easter 2009. I initially chose it because it was very reasonably priced and seemed central...but it exceeded my expectations by a long way. The room was wonderful - great colour scheme (recently renovated so everything was sparkling clean), possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on, good internet access, seamless service. The breakfast was quite simple but more than enough to start a big day of sight seeing. The gym was small but well fitted out and the free bottled water was an unexpected bonus. ALL the staff were helpful and friendly - and having The Jersey Boys playing downstairs in the same building was the icing on the cake! I would go back tomorrow! (all that was missing for a long stay was a fridge and microwave in the room)	
Apr 4 2009 	Nice hotel for a weekend getaway	Some friends &amp; I stayed here recently for a weekend getaway. The room was very clean &amp; contemporary. The bathroom was nice. The front desk clerk was courteous &amp; gave dinner suggestions. The bellmen stored our bags as we arrived into town early in the day. The location is convenient to downtown attractions. We enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 2 2009 	Blow Me Away Chicago! Girlfriends Getaway	This was a first visit to Chicago for each of us (group of 4) and we had a great time! We went there primarily to see the Broadway Musical &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; and decided to get reservations at the Hampton Inn Majestic which was adjacent to the theater. We didn't even have to step outside (in the cold rain and wind) to enter the theater, because there was an entrance from inside the hotel. How convenient! The hotel itself was nice, although I've stayed in much nicer for less money. But, the room was very clean and the beds were comfy and we were only in our room long enough to sleep; we spent most of each day taking advantage of all this great city had to offer! We were all VERY IMPRESSED by the friendly, accomodating staff. From the moment we stepped into the hotel and was met by our very gracious doorman to the young women overseeing the continental breakfast each morning, we were made to feel like royalty! They genuinely seemed interested in making our stay as pleasant as possible. Also, the continental breakfast was one of the best I've ever seen. A nice selection of hot food and pastry items, as well as cereals and fruit. There were about 4 or 5 juice choices as well as 3 choices in coffee and hot water available for hot cocoa. Also, the food was replenished as needed and if you came down 15 minutes before the end of the allotted time for breakfast, there would still be plenty of food available. So, when you consider the great breakfast and the great service, I had no problem with the price of the room which was around $140 per night. The lobby was comfortable, with a couple of couches, chairs and several tables (seating 4-6 people). They also had a small business center with a couple of complimentary computers and free internet. There was an exercise room, but we didn't take the time to check it out. I thought the location of the hotel was just perfect. We were able to walk to the Art Institute, the Park, the fabulous shopping, great restaurants and managed quite well. I have a mild disability, but was able to tolerate the walking without much of a problem. It is so easy to hail a cab whenever you need one. I would highly recommend the Hampton Inn Majestic to anyone visiting Chicago to go to the theater or to take advantage of the fabulous shopping. We got a cab from Midway Airport to the Hamton Inn Majestic and it cost about $25 (not counting the tip), which was split between the four of us. I can't imagine anyone not liking this hotel and its' location! When I make another trip to Chicago (and I will), I will try to get reservations at the Hampton Majestic before even considering another hotel.	
Mar 23 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic!!	This is a beautiful hotel in a great location. The rooms are beautiful with all the amenities you expect in a Hampton. The staff is very helpful. &quot;Peter the Great&quot; Bellman is so cool and so helpful! We love him. Thanks to all the staff for the great service abd a great stat in the Windy City.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel great location!	This hotel has a great location and is close to everywhere. The rooms were really nice, with a very comfy bed, nice TV, nice decoration, really nice bathroom and most of all - they were very quiet, so you sleep like a baby. Another great feature of the hotel is free wireless interent. The only thing I was a bit disappointed was the room service, which is provided by the restaurant near the hotel. On the other side it does force you to go out and explore the fantastic city and try the Chicago pizza:) If you are looking for a nice hotel in the centre of Chicago - you have found it!	
Mar 12 2009 	Loved every minute of it	We love this hotel. We have stayed here two years in a row. GREAT breakfasts. Helpful front desk staff. The doormen are always knowledgeable and pleasant. Unique hotel being part of the Theatre building. Right around the corner from a Red line stop. Down the street from the Gray Line tours pick up point. Also liked the computers for use in the lobby in case you want to look anything up.	
Mar 1 2009 	Excellent Location Nice Hotel!	This hotel is bang in the center of everything worthwhile in Chicago, expecially the theatre district. The hotel is literally bolted on to one. I saw the musical, &quot;Jersey Boys&quot;. Excellent!The rooms are big and bright. The breakfast is more than big enough. Buses and the underground are literally across the street or around the corner. There are many shops and restaurants nearby.Sears Tower is close by too. It is in the center of &quot;The Loop&quot;.	
Feb 18 2009 	The ONLY place to stay in downtown Chicago!!!	We got a great rate at this hotel ($130.00 total) for Saturday night (Valentines Day) and we are glad we chose to stay here. This hotel does not have the fancy entryway/foyer area, but oh my.....What a wonderfully decorated room. This room was newly remodeled, with very current and new furniture, fresh paint and even a flat screen 40 inch HD TV!!!!! We have stayed at many downtown hotels and have never had a room this &quot;roomy&quot;!! We had a king room and it was huge for downtown. This room and hotel is going to he our #1 choice from here on out, what a gem! There is a Rosebud Prime around the corner and also a Rosebud Italian restaurant a block away, both great eats!! If you are going to stay downtown for a romantic getaway, look no further.......Hampton Inn Downtown Majestic is THE place to stay, hands down!! Hampton Inn.........You have yourself a gem here!!	
Feb 8 2009 	Excellent Value	I stayed at this hotel for five nights from December 25th through December 30th, 2008. I was with my wife and two sons (ages 17 &amp; 20), and we had two rooms. The average price was $119 per night per room. This included breakfast and free internet (free wireless and two free computers in the lobby). When we checked out, the only charges on the bill were room and tax, plus $38 per night for valet parking. Just the price and the location made this hotel a good buy. However, it was also nicely appointed, the breakfast was good, and the staff was helpful. We saw two shows (Wicked and Dirty Dancing), and were within easy walking distance to both theatres. We were also within easy walking distance of the art museum, the Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park and Macy’s. I noticed in some reviews some complaints about the price of parking. For the location, the price is pretty good, actually. Parking in the Loop is just plain expensive. Also—it seems to be on the Mayor’s plans to make it even more expensive in the near future. Still, it was a lot cheaper than flying (from Columbus, Ohio) four of us there.Anyway, we completely enjoyed our stay, and would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	My daughters and I stayed at this hotel in both February and December of 2008 while attending theater productions in Chicago. The hotel is easy to get to and the service very good. All staff, from check in to valets to housekeeping personnel were friendly and helpful. We'll definitely go back for our next theater outing.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Theatre Experience	This was a great way to see the Jersey Boys at the Chicago Theatre right next door! Nice boutique hotel. Friendly staff. This was also great perk during intermission because the bathroom lines were so long we went upstairs to use our own bathroom and enjoy a drink in time to come downtstairs for the 2nd half of the performance. Rosebud Resturant was in back which made a great quick dinner before the show. We would stay there again, but would go elsewhere for a better breakfast.	
Jan 14 2009 	Best Hotel Experience!!!	I had the most AMAZING experience at this hotel! Located in the center of downtown Chicago, the Hampton Majestic had everything I could possibly want in a hotel. First of all, the staff was absolutely wonderful. They went out of their way to make sure my stay was comfortable and enjoyable. The room decor was beautiful and the FREE continental breakfast really put me in my &quot;happy place.&quot; I highly recommend this venue to anyone that wants to have a pleasurable hotel experience!	
Jan 9 2009	Fantastic hotel	This was a beautiful hotel with a wonderful staff. Everyone was very, very friendly and accommodating. The location is perfect for theater, museums and the best of what Chicago offers. Would definitely recommend this hotel...it was probably the best hotel experience ever.	
Jan 2 2009	Good...	Only stayed one night, but it did what it said on the box, and was good value for money. Close enough to Union Station to walk there in the morning,and not that far to walk to Millennium Park and close to the El if you needed to go further.Decent city centre hotel.	
Dec 22 2008 	ok hotel for the price	this hotel was great, but there were some issues which coul have been due to the holidayus, but the staff was not the greatest and the rooms were cold. I also stayed at the Affinia during the same tripa nd I reccommend it over this one.	
Dec 7 2008 	Can't say enough for the staff....	My friend and I stayed at this the night before Thanksgiving and we were both so pleased with the people at the Hampton Inn Majestic. I, unfortunatey, didn't retain any names but the two women working the desk and all of the gentlemen who greeted us as we came and went, helped with directions, and helped carry our luggage were so very nice.I've stayed at a number of hotels and have experienced a variety of different attitudes from their staffs, but I have to say this was about the best experience I've ever had. The hotel itself was very nice and so very convenient for our stay, but there are lots of hotels, it was the people that will bring me back and for which I will recommend the Hampton Inn Majestic.Great job!	
Nov 2 2008 	Location Location Location	Fantastic Location in the heart of Downtown Chicago. Great breakfast (included) Wonderful Staff and great room	
Nov 2 2008 	Loved the Hampton Inn Majestic	Took the advice of other Trip Advisor reviewers and booked this hotel for three nights.We had a great time in Chicago; one of my new &quot;favourite&quot; cities.The hotel is in an excellent location for a tourist. Close to shopping, theatre, the Art Museum.The women who look after the breakfast room were very friendly and helpful, as were the doorman and the valet parking guys.The hotel was spotless and our rate was excellent value for money for this location.We saw Jersey Boys and loved it. We felt safe walking back to our hotel late at night. Chicago is a beautiful city and a great tourist destination.	
Oct 27 2008 	We Will Return	I'm still raving at not only the incredible customer service the hotel provided, but also the affordable price for the location. Thank you, we will definitely be back for our next stay in Chicago!	
Oct 22 2008 	Great location especially if your going to the theater	This hotel was in a great location whether for going to the theater, shopping on the Magnificent Mile, MillenniumPark, or the art museum or all three. It is located right in the Theater District.The staff was very help ful with arranging the river architectural tour, and recommending restaurants. It was very clean, and just a great place to stay.	
Oct 18 2008	What a Find Gem in the Heart of Chicago Theatre District	Oh my gosh, what a &quot;Gem&quot; this was! From the time we arrived to the time we left everyone was courteous, attentive and just awesome! The rooms were wonderful, clean, comfortable and the beds were great for a good night sleep. In fact I might have to get their pillows. The staff could not have been more gracious. The breakfast bar was a delight with wide choices. The only thing I could find wrong was a make-up light or mirror would have helped, but that was the only thing wrong. I will not hesitate to stay here again. We were here for 4 days and it was a dream. The Manager and office manager were wonderful and made sure that everyone was treated like a special guest. Thank you to the whole staff at this Hampton. More hotels should have this staff, it was a 5 star!!! We definetely will be back to take in shopping and shows as they are all in walking distances. Thank you!	
Oct 11 2008 	Fine Place to Stay	My husband and I spent 5 nights here in September. It was a great stay. The hotel is located in the Loop, within easy walking distance of Millennium Park, the Art Institute, the El, shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel is very comfortable, and exceeds the usual high standards of Hampton Inns. The room was large and comfortable (although it did lack a mirror with decent lighting to apply makeup), the staff was amazingly responsive and cheerful. Breakfast was very good and there were computers in the lobby which you could use for free. We found this to be an excellent place to stay to explore the fabulous city of Chicago.	
Oct 7 2008	Simply The Best!!!!	Mayor Daley should be very proud of this hotel as it offered everything for the tourist/holiday maker etc.The room was superior !! FABULOUS comfy beds, TV, Coffee maker,hair dryer plus iron and board. The only thing I would have liked is a magnified make up mirror in the bathroom. BUT that is a mere observation!!Complimentary breakfast was excellent and the kitchen staff did a fine job. Computers available in the lounge which was most useful. Reception and lobby staff were very friendly and helpful and ,in fact, over and above the call of duty!! THANK YOU!  The Hilton Chain Management should be VERY PROUD of this hotel too!!Conveniently located for all 'touristy trips', restaurants, transport etc. Take the Blue line loop straight to and from O'Hare as the Hampton is only a minute away on Monroe. $2 only for a single ride of 40 mins!!I recommend the Tall Ship ride on 'Windy' based at The Navy Pier, 'The Untouchables' gangster theme trip was real fun!!See 'The Jersey Boys' not far to go as you are right there!! What a great show indeed plus 'The Turn of the Century' at the Goodman theatre ony 5 mins walk awayTake a leisurely stroll along the lake to the Field Museum and Shedd Aquarium.GO TO CHICAGO and have a wondeful time so much to see and do - lovely parks and trees throughout this vibrant city. HAVE FUN HERE!Jane	
Sep 26 2008 	Great City Choice	Choosing big-city accomodations can be overwhelming due to the number of choices, especially if you are not overly familiar with that city...and they can also overwhelm your bank account.This Hampton Inn is a fine choice for city affordability and getting your bang for your buck. Bottom line is this:1. Clean and comfortable. Rooms are updated, great condition.2. Good staff service. Bellman are exceptional.3. Location to several &quot;El&quot; lines are within blocks - some even closer. Both lines that get you to/from either airport are also within walking distance, luggage and all. Completely doable - look for the elevator entrances to make it easier.4. Continental breakfast is decent for a quick start to the day. About what you expect - cereals, toast, muffins, juice, some hot choices etc. - remember the city always has plenty of local choices for a real breakfast, still this does just fine - fresh, clean, carbo loaded to get you going.5. Location &quot;in the loop&quot; is great - walkable to Millenium Park, River walks, trolley's for tours, Magnificent mile, Chicago Art Museum etc etc. You are right in the theatre district here. Plenty of restaurants - sit down and faster food and local choices. Plenty of transportation options - free trolley, tour trolley, all loop lines, taxis etc.Affordability + accomodation + location = great choice for the Windy City	
Sep 16 2008 	perfect location!	Two friends and I stayed here for the Chicago Half Marathon. The hotel is in an ideal area- close to shopping, the train station, subway station, bus stations. The room was spacious enough for 3 of us- big bathroom, large shower, large closet with full length mirror. The front desk was friendly and helpful. Definitely will stay here again on my next visit!	
Sep 14 2008 	Fabulous location and service	Stayed at the Majestic for 5 nights just after Labor Day and had an excellent experience. The hotel is located above the Majestic Theatre in the &quot;loop&quot;. The hotel is very unique in that the entrance in on the ground floor, but the lobby is on level 4. A bellman is always present on the ground level to see you in. The staff was excellent and we never had any problems with the facilities or our room. The rooms are of good size and decorated in dark theatre colors. The building is older, but was refurbished and is really a unique place to stay. We never had any noise problems with our neighbors or &quot;city&quot; noise-possibly because we were well above it (16th floor). An extra added bonus is that breakfast is provided every day. While not a 5-star meal, it was definitely adequate and got us started with our day nicely. A definite money-saver if staying with a family. Pubic transportation is extremely easy to use in Chicago and the Hampton is located within 1/2 block of the &quot;Red&quot; line of the El, which will give you access to just about anywhere in the city. The Metra is also within walking distance. We were able to walk to the Sears tower, Millennium Park, the waterfront, and all along Michigan Avenue. We often walked so far, that it just became easier to take the &quot;El&quot; back to our hotel as the station was so close (State/Monroe station). We'd stay here again if just for convenience alone. For the price, it's an excellent value considering location and breakfast. This is an excellent option if you'll be visiting Chicago.	
Sep 1 2008 	As others said GREAT HOTEL	Hi,I Stayed at the Hampton inn Majestic for 10 days, and I'm sure about one thing I'd like to go back there. First I'm gonna tell you about the room. I had booked a double room, the room was large enough (you can't have a run in the room but believe me it was enough). The beds were so comfortable, I'd have slept all the day long. The TV was huge and there was free HBO HD in the room. There were a lot of lovable amenities in the room such as the coffee maker, the free wireless access in the room, an iron and its table and a hair dryer. Of course there was the air conditioning in the room. The staff was helpful when we needed them, the housekeepers were kind too.The hotel is situated in the loop, it's situated within a very reasonnable walking distance to the major attractions such as the michigan avenue, state street... There are also a lot of good place to eat next to the hotel. It's also in the theatre's district, in the same building as a theatre, Jersey Boys is now performing in this theatre, I recommend it to you if you wanna spend a cool evening. There's also a fitness room in the hotel, which is good if you wanna train a little.The district feels totally safe by night, you can walk in the streets without fear and to finish I also recommend the free breakfast in the hotel which was very good and very complete.So if you wanna go to Chicago, and if you can get a good price at this hotel, it's the place to be.	
Aug 31 2008 	Good location	As with all Chicago hotels, ask about parking. The Majestic only offers valet parking and we paid $38. to park. It is worth noting as you compare prices. The Majestic is above the LaSalle Bank theater and therefore lots of traffic when theater lets out. As with all Hamptons, which is why I like them, good mattress and decent breakfast. The room was very clean and quiet. Hotel also felt secure and safe. Good shopping just around the corner on State street and not far to &quot;Magnificent Mile.&quot; The hotel is right in the heart of theater district which is especially nice if you are seeing a show. Near Art museum and free trolly to other museums and shopping. I would stay there again and would recommend to others.	
Aug 31 2008 	great location shame about the breakfasts	The location was great, literally just 5 minutes walk from Millenium Park and the Art Institute (where the tour busus also pick up), and only about 20 minutes walk to the Pier. The staff were all really helpful and friendly, especially considering we were rather early booking in. The room was a good size, clean and comfy, though it was it was the only hotel we stayed in that didn't have a fridge, which we missed, as we couldn't chill water and drinks ready to take out with us next day. We were also disappointed with the breakfasts - the choice was fairly basic, and only offered one hot dish, so we weren't able to stock up on a big American- sized breakfast for the day; it seemed to be catering more for business people, maybe? Also, there was no proper crockery, just polystyrene plates and bowls, and plastic cutlery, which seemed really strange in a decent hotel, and didn't help us enjoy what breakfast there was.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great hotel perfect location	Just spent 4 wonderful days in Chicago and stayed at the Hampton Majestic. For location, you can't beat the Majestic. It's conveniently located within walking distance of most of the theaters in the Loop, and right next door to the Bank of America Theater. Also for us shoppers, it is about 3 blocks from Macy's and other shopping on State Street. There are several great restaurants within walking distance, but to save a buck, I highly recommend taking advantage of the free hot breakfast. The staff was extremely helpful and kind, from Darrel the Bellman to the front desk staff, to the maids. I will be heading back to Chicago for Thanksgiving and am looking forward to another stay at the Majestic. If you have time and are a music lover, I HIGHLY recommend seeing Jersey Boys at the Bank of America theater. You will NOT be disappointed!	
Jul 30 2008 	Comfortable Stay in a Great Location	We just got back from a three night stay at the Hampton Inn Majestic. We picked this hotel for our family of four based on location (near the theaters- we went to see Wicked, near Millenium Park, near the Art Museum) and price. The hotel is clean, modern, has comfortable beds. AC worked well and it wasn't too noisy. There was some street noise but, I would not call it loud. We did not hear the other hotel guests. The neighborhood felt safe-- we were travelling with our kids and the subway was only a few blocks away. On our last morning before the noon checkout, we went to Macy's on State St..... wow not like any Macy's we've ever seen. The staff at the hotel was friendly and accomodating.... we asked for more towels and they were promptly delivered to our room. Free breakfast was a huge plus-- the variety was good but no fresh eggs (bagels, yogurt, fruit, cereal, muffins etc.) Plenty of restaurants within walking distance-- and again, no problem walking around with young kids!! We would stay here again without any hesistation. The parking is a bit pricey but, it's the city. We parked the car and used the subways or we walked (Pizzano's has great thin crust pizza). Check in and out with the help of the staff was a breeze. If you are looking for someplace in the Loop, definitely, consider this hotel!!	
Jul 27 2008 	lacks star quality	The hotel is well situaited and is generally comfortable. We found the rooms exceptionally clean but the decor was very dark with little attempt to compensate for the lack of natural light due to the position of the room. The breakfast is a real bonus and avoids having to spend out at cafes etc. Price wise we found the rates varied considerably throughout the stay although $200 per night would in our view reflect value for money. Its a solid and safe choice with clean and comfortable rooms but dont expect luxury!	
Jul 9 2008 	Great hotel great staff great location. Will stay again!	Having planned a trip long in advance to hit the July 4th holiday (so we could attend the Taste of Chicago), I planned an Amtrak trip up and staying at the Hampton Inn Majestic. Though the rail trip was less than perfect, the Hampton proved an awesome way to recover. The location was perfect to walk to the Taste, the &quot;el&quot; red lines as well as the loop, countless buses - just an overall location. The breakfast was consistently good, well stocked, and the room was adequate (often a problem at free breakfast places). On July 4th, they even ran the breakfast an extra hour since it was a holiday.The staff was exceptionally friendly (the front door staff is some of the best I've met - one walked us to a bus to catch a train at Union Station, an excess bag in tow!). The rooms were clean and quiet, and the cleaning staff was early and quick to clean. My only regret is I couldn't take in one of the shows in the area. Needless to say, we will stay at this hotel again - a definite gem in the Hampton family.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great hotel and location!	We chose this hotel based on its proximity to the Blue Line, but it is also near some great stores for shopping. Our son lives in Bucktown, which has little or no hotel rooms, so the train was our best option. For Chicago, the Hampton Inn Majestic is an excellent value. The cost was reasonable, a hot breakfast was included, the room was large and recently updated, the beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was large, and the employees were all very helpful and friendly. They do a great job of keeping their breakfast area stocked and keep it open longer than a lot of other hotels that will remain nameless. I want to emphasize the friendliness of their employees, too. Many Chicago hotels have workers that don't care and are just putting in their time. The Majestic's employees are very helpful and outgoing. They really want to make you feel welcome, and they take pride in their hotel. We will definitely stay there again!	
Jul 7 2008 	Friendliest Staff in Chicago 	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hampton Inn Majestic. The hotel is located directly above the Bank of America Theater (aka Lasalle, Shubert, &amp; Majestic Theater at various times in it's history). We attended Jersey Boys (highlight of our trip!) which is playing at the theater. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from Millenium Park and Grant Park, so we were able to walk to Taste of Chicago &amp; the fireworks, so it was an ideal location for our trip. What Hampton Inn Majestic lacks is a grand entrance lobby, restaurants on site, a pool, and concierge. Our small travel group felt these &quot;missing&quot; items were more than made up by the hotel staff who were the friendliest and most helpful staff any of us have encountered in our travels! Everyone, from housekeeping to valet to front desk staff, went out of their way to answer questions and provide excellent service. The hotel has been open only a year or so. The rooms are fairly small and decorated in dark colors (carpet is brown, walls are burnt orange), basic but yet comfortable and functional. We all slept &quot;heavenly&quot; on the beds, and the pillows were the best we've had in a hotel setting. Soundproofing was extremely good for a downtown location in the Loop, which can be a problem for other hotels in the area. The breakfast in the lobby area was good, with typical fare for a complimentary hotel breakfast. Just a block or so from the hotel is Italian Village. It's kind of a landmark restaurant &amp; recommended for that reason alone. The Palmer House Hilton is just a block away, so make sure you walk into the lobby to marvel at it's beauty. Macy's on State Street is a couple of blocks away---if you like to shop, make sure you go there, since it's the flagship location of the former Marshall Fields (boo-hoo). Take the escalators or elevators to the 7th floor and peer into the Walnut Room and go the Visitor's Center. If you're hungry for a relatively inexpensive lunch, try any of the restaurants on the 7th floor---a nice switch from some other fast food joints. I would recommend the Hampton Inn Majestic for anyone who wants a location in the Loop for business or pleasure. It's ideal for theater goers and for those wanting a location near Grant Park. The free trolley stops are only a couple of blocks away, and you can easily get around without a car.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Price Sophisticated Decor	We stayed at here for 2 nights June 28-30th, 2008. Our flight was delayed and we arrived close to midnight. The valet, while expensive at $38/day, was outside immediately unloading our bags and getting us into the hotel. We absolultely got our money's worth getting the car in and out many, many times over our stay.The check-in was easy especially considering the hour and we got our extra cot with no problem. The hotel does not have a restaurant which isn't really a problem in Chicago. We ordered carry out from the Italian Village across the street the first night - highly recommended. The next night we got food from Miller's Pub, a short walk down and around the block; good food there too. We ate lunch at Pizzeria Uno's which was fantastic even with a 1 hour wait time at 2pm in the afternoon.Breakfast was included and was fine - standard microwaved egg patties, bisquits, yogurt, cereals. The best part was the choice in 4 juices and the strong coffee they brewed.The room was large and clean and for $169 a night in the middle of the summer - fantastic!	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed for one night on June 7, 2008. Booked hotel with reward stay points. Everything about the hotel itself was great - comfortable bed, nice TV, very clean and modern bathroom. Only complaint is the valet parking....assuming they are partnered with the hotel because they operate for the theatre next door as well. We paid the 38 dollars a night since we didn't have to pay for the hotel but I would recommend finding a self-park garage - even the one they use! We waited for 45 minutes upon check-out for our car because apparently they didn't know in which spot they originally parked it in! Although they were very nice, but not too organized.	
May 15 2008 	Great Stay!	I was very pleased with my stay. The room was nicely decorated with my favorite colors (burnt orange and brown :-) There was a big flat screen t.v. in the room, large shower, hair dryer, amenities (soap, lotion, shampoo, mouth wash, etc.) The loby is located on the fourth floor, which is also where breakfast is served. I made it to the hotel about 9:30 and had to come back around 1:00 due to no rooms being ready. But they will allow you to store your bags there til you come back. That was o.k. with me, it gives you time to look around. The hotel is in a great location, near everything.I would return!	
May 10 2008 	Excellent Centrally Located Hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights recently and would recommend it to anybody. The rooms are good and the windows have decent black-out curtains. The staff were helpful and a decent breakfast is included...A real bargain..dc	
May 9 2008 	A Great Find!	I found this hotel on Expedia and immediately checked Trip Advisor to find only 10 reviews as it was a relatively new hotel. All of them were good, so that was enough for me. I can now add another good review. The reception is on the fourth floor as the hotel is above a theatre. There is no hotel bar, but a large(ish) lobby section where help yourself breakfast is served in the morning, together with a &quot;business area&quot; with wireless etc. One of the reasons I chose this hotel was because it was one of the very few I found in the USA that included breakfast in the price (what IS it with USA hotels that most of them don't!). On checking in, the receptionist told us our room was one of the smaller ones, so she would be moving us to a larger one - nice to hear. Our room was on the top floor (21st) and was very nice. The bed was enormous - could have fitted 3 people in it. I have a thing about double beds in hotels being too small (my husband and I simply cannot sleep in them) but you could have fitted 3 people in this one and it was SO comfortable. Nice big flat screen TV and all mod cons provided plus all the little niceties (flannels, shampoo, mouthwash, hairdryer etc). The other good thing about this hotel is the location - SO central. Right in the centre of the Loop. If you are a tourist on a short stay in Chicago with limited time, this hotel is ideal. I definitely recommend it.	
May 4 2008 	Thilled with HAMPTON INN MAJESTIC stay!	THE HAMPTON INN MAJESTIC and staff can't be beat for a Chicago stay - short or long! For starters, there is the delicous complimentary breakfast and the comfortably decorated rooms that utilize perfectly this historic building. Then consider the convenience of being within easy walking distance of the ART INSTITUTE; The Chicago symphony; The Majestic Theater (same building) as well as several other notable theaters; and endless shopping and architectural wonders! For culture or for easy sightseeing, Chicago is fabulous and the HAMPTON INN MAJESTIC is in the center of all. Finally, an unbeatable restaurant suggestion: AIGRE DOUX which is a relatively new restaurant and will be well rated in the new Zagat. If you're lucky, the talented chef will wander through the dining room and have time to stop and chat! Enjoy.	
Apr 28 2008	Great Stay	My friends and I chose this hotel because we planned to attend the Lasalle Bank Theatre to see the Jersey Boys. The hotel is set up with safety in mind and was just the ticket for 3 women in Chicago. The room was very pleasant, quiet and very clean. It was easy to get around Downtown from this hotel. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. I will reccomend this hotel to all my friends and family.	
Apr 27 2008 	What a hotel should be!	Great comfy and clean room, soft bed and plenty of room. We enjoyed the breakfast and Fitness room. along with free wireless internet.... fits our needs perfect! Only small issue was the first two days no shampoo until I called housekeeping, but other then that..fine job!!Easy to find next to &quot;Jersey Boys&quot;	
Apr 21 2008	Great hotel close to everything.	My mom and I spent a long weekend in Chicago shopping, dining and seeing shows. This hotel was perfect. CLOSE to everything....we walked everywhere...up and down Michigan Ave and State Street. Took a cab to the Field Museum and it was only a few minutes and a low fare. The hotel is very safe and the staff was lovely. The rooms were a nice size, not huge, but I doubt you'd want to spend much time in your room with everything so close by! Breakfast was simple, but abundant. Price is great.	
Apr 7 2008	Good find	Great location for theater, good for downtown (but I preferred the northern neighborhoods). Free breakfast -- decent, nothing remarkable. Comfortable room. Internet included, 2 computers in the lobby. Free calls to 312 area code; 2 phones. Gym. HBO (but no Comedy Central). Hair dryer. Full length mirror, bathroom was well separated from sleeping area.Elevator security system requires card to access room floors. Several items (alarm clock, phone) have easy-to-use presets; digital thermostat near bed. A bit dark, though.I stayed here after the Essex, and my notes also say &quot;cups&quot; because the Essex had none!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great hotel very convenient	Great hotel in the heart of the Theatre district and just off State Street. Easy access to CTA. Very easy to get around the city and felt safe in the area.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great boutique style hotel	We liked this hotel for our last stay in Chicago. Quiet rooms, although they are small. Decor was very nice and the room was kept very clean. Bathroom was typical Hampton, but did have a nice vanity.It's in the theater district, so very handy for seeing a show. The front desk staff were okay, not too friendly. But the doorman and bellhop almost made up for this. Would not hesitate to stay here again, although I would not recommend it for families.Great boutique hotel for half the price of others. Also forgot to mention nice flat screen TV and free wireless internet.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great Location Pleasantly Surprised	As a regular business traveler to Chicago, I was surprised to find this very convenient and reasonably priced hotel. It is a very good location for anyone with meetings in the Loop and is also very convenient to public transit. Although I arrived well before check-in thanks to an early AM flight, they were more than happy to check me in upon arrival. Service was very efficient and the rooms were nicely appointed for a Hampton Inn. The free breakfast was perfect for getting a quick bite to eat before meetings, and the WiFi worked great. I'd definitely stay at this property again and have already recommended it to others.	
Mar 16 2008 	If you can afford it stay here!	This hotel was fabulous! Beautiful, clean, comfortable and a with a great location. We walked everywhere we needed to go, which is a good thing because parking in Chicago is outrageously priced. (I'm from Northeastern Nevada where parking is free). The staff was helpful and breakfast was yummy. The beds and bedding were to die for!	
Feb 29 2008 	Perfect!	Our stay couldn't have been better. Walking distance to the Art Institute of Chicago, State Street shopping. We had a beautiful, clean, quiet room with high ceilings, great breakfast, friendly staff. And extremely affordable - $150. We felt like we were staying in a boutique hotel for half the price. We will definitely stay there again when we are in Chicago.	
Feb 9 2008 	Great experience!	We were so pleasantly surprised with this hotel. I never expected so much for a Hampton Inn. I chose it because of its proximity to the Federal Building but would go back for pleasure anytime. We had a deluxe king room which was very spacious with a pull out couch and coffee table, flat panel tv, microwave and refrigerator with a bar area. The room was decorated wonderfully, was very well maintained and the bed was so comfortable. The only thing I think could be improved upon is the front desk being more forthcoming with dining info. Due to the fact that the hotel does not have an in-house restaurant, we would have appreciated more suggestions in the room about nearby places to eat. There is a nice restaurant right across the street with a wine bar.	
Dec 23 2007 	A great small hotel!	My husband and I enjoyed our stay here very much. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the location can't be beat. You are a stone's throw from State Street and the Art Institute. The Civic Opera house is a 15-minute walk and the Field Museum campus is about a 30-minute walk. Our room was small but extremely clean (and I am particular) with a comfortable bed and lots of towels. The bath vanity is wide enough to hold a makeup case on each side of the sink, and there's room on the open shelves underneath for other supplies. The only drawback is the parking fee of $38 per day and no local newspapers. Breakfast is ample (the hot dish changes daily), with plenty of tables, and the coffee is excellent!	
Dec 12 2007	Nice Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hampton Majestic for one night, for the purpose of seeing Wicked.We were impressed with the hotel The room was well appointed, the beds extremely comfortable - more luxury than we expected from a Hampton. Most everybody there on the weekends is there to see a show - so it's kind of cool commiserating with people about what show they saw. It is not very close to the Mag Mile Shopping, but you could walk it if you had to. It's probably 10-15 blocks from the heart of it.For late night munches, the front desk has some menus for delivery services - we ordered from the Chinese place they had a menu for and it was the best Chinese food I have ever tasted. Unfortunately our room did not have a frig, so we couldn't save our leftovers. I guess most rooms don't have a frig or microwave so make sure you ask.We parked at the Millenium Garage Parking and it was only about 4 blocks to the hotel - very convenient. I would definitely stay there again if I needed a room in the loop. Very happy with the choice. If you are looking for a very nice room in the loop, start here.	
Nov 25 2007 	great deal in the Loop	I stayed here with a friend for a conference in mid-November for about$200/night. It's clean, well-kept, with a breakfast buffet--in short, a great deal for a convenient location right around the corner from the EL Blue Line Monroe stop. The staff was friendly, but not terriblyforthcoming about the neighborhood; we asked about a place to eat, andthey sent us to an awful pub. BUT--remember, this is the Loop so there's not a lot going on for eating or drinking.It's within walking distance of Milenium (sp) Park and Michigan Avenue (if you don't mind the cold!)--the Art Institute is across the street. If you're on the Miracle Mile, and looking to save some money,have lunch at the restaurant at Nordstroms (not the cafe, the restaurant)--it's excellent and you can get a large salad or a hot meal for under $10 a meal. Great for families.One warning: DO NOT USE THE VALET PARKING. There's plenty of city parking (check out the corner of S. Dearborn and Monroe--behind Milenium Park) for $20 overnight, half the price the hotel charges.	
Nov 22 2007 	Nov 21 2007 -- Great Hotel to stay for Thanksgiving parade	My family of 3 just returned from a 1 night stay to see the Thanksgiving Day parade 11/21/2007 . We were literally steps away from where the parade passed by on State St. The hotel is clean with contemporary furnishings and the staff very friendly. It does not have a &quot;GRAND&quot; lobby or a restaurant, but there is a Chop House across the street w/wine bar and the Italian Village which has 3 levels of restaurants is a block away. We ate in the lower level &quot;excellent&quot;!!!We had a king bed with sofa bed. The room was very spacious, loved the decor and colors. There's a frig and microwave and a beautiful flat screen TV. There were fresh cookies in the lobby around 5:30pm. The breakfast was pretty nice, with fruit, brkt burritos, biscuits, cereal. pastries and juice.Overall it was a great experience. We would stay here again.The rooms do have connecting doors which may allow sound through from the next room, but if your neighbors are not too rowdy, the noise is not a factor.	
Nov 17 2007 	Excellent hotel! Excellent stay!	I traveled to Chicago for a conference and the hotels in which the conference was located were severely overpriced. By luck I found the Hampton Inn Majestic. It's reasonably priced, is well located, comes with a delicious breakfast, and great gym. Not only was the hotel well priced and stocked with amenities, the staff was courteous, the rooms are large and clean, and entire hotel was very clean. The city sounds did not keep me awake. Each room has a flat screen TV. Further, each cardio machine in the gym (2 treadmills, a bike, and an elliptical machine), all had small flat screen tvs. As a graduate student, I travel on a budget, and this hotel was an excellent solution.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great value hotel in central Chicago	Very central hotel, middle of the loop, just a few minutes from Millenium Park and the Art Institute, very convenient for public transport, restaurants and shops. Macy's is just a few blocks away. The bedrooms are modern, with a very comfortable bed and crisp clean white sheets. There's free wifi access throughout the hotel, as well as free access to two computers down in the reception area for those who don't have a laptop with them. Breakfast was included in the price and there was a good choice. However, as the hotel isn't really geared up for serving meals (no restaurant as such), breakfast is self service on plastic plates which let it down a bit. Breakfast is served in the reception area, and there is no lounge area to speak of. But this was a minor consideration, and although there are no frills, the service generally was great. Staff were friendly, especially the doormen who guard the main entrance and can help with finding taxis etc. There aren't many rooms on each floor, so there's quite a homely feel to the place. It's an old building, which has been updated well. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Hidden Little Gem in the Theatre District	We stayed here the last weekend of October. We were going to an event at The Chicago Theatre and we had taken the train into the city. This location is extremely convenient if you want to be near Union Station and the Theatre District and/or Loop. The hotel is less than one mile from Union Station. It is also close to Millennium Park, The Art Institute, Sears Tower and the Chicago Board of Trade. There is also all sorts of shopping nearby, but nothing as swanky as what you'd find on North Michigan Ave.The hotel is small. It sits on top of the LaSalle Bank Theatre. The entrance for the hotel is located right next to the entrance to the theatre. The lobby for the hotel is on the 4th floor. Our experience with the front desk staff was tolerable. We only dealt with them while checking in and we had to wait while the clerk picked up and talked on the telephone (twice) before even acknowledging we were there. The bell staff downstairs at the entrance are young and unprofessional compared to what you normally see at downtown hotels. When we came back into the hotel after being at the theatre they were like kids playing in the yard...jumping on each other and not having a care in the world that we were there waiting for the elevator. No big deal, just very unprofessional.The hotel is clean. The room is decorated well and is very comfortable. The bed is VERY comfortable as were the pillows. Since the hotel is small there are only about 10 rooms on each floor so it is relatively quiet.We did not stay for the free breakfast but it was crowded and looked decent. They had one hot item (biscuits &amp; gravy the day we were there...yuck!) and then cold cereal, bagels, pastries, juices, etc. They have coffee &amp; tea available in the lobby 24/7.We will definitely return to this hotel again. The price was right and the room clean and comfortable!	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel was great. Great location, great staff, great rooms. I was really impressed. I was in town for the chicago marathon and went to visit friends staying at the Renaissance. They paid almost twice what I did and I liked my room much more, it was comfortable and contemporary, even had a HD flatscreen in the room. The only thing that is different than I expected was the lobby was on the fourth floor. The entrance of the hotel on the first floor is next door the to the Majestic Theatre, the lobby/rooms are above the theatre. It is a great hotel and I would stay there again.	
Sep 15 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!	I stayed here for 6 nights for a recent business trip. This was a great hotel. Room was a good size, clean (very clean) and quiety (very, very quiet), very nice contemporary decor, incredibly comfortable bed, free wireless internet connection, nice bathroom. I had zero complaints. There is breakfast available in the a.m. - a couple of hot items along with toast, cereal, etc. Not bad at all. The location was great - very near the Art Institute and Millenium Park. It is a small hotel - only 135 rooms and very much has the feel of a small boutique-type hotel. There is no restaurant on the premisis, but they do have a &quot;room service&quot; arrangment with the Italian Village Restaurant down the street, so if you want dinner in your room it is not a problem. I almost hating writing such a good review because this hotel is a great find and I don't want it to be booked and unavailable when I want to stay here again. I much prefered my stay here to the Palmer House or the Drake (both of which I have stayed in in the past year or so). Oh, and I am a &quot;plus size&quot; traveler and the room was very comfortable for me- desk chair and lounging chair in the room were both armless - which was a very nice plus.	
Sep 3 2007	Excellent Hotel!!	The rooms at the Hampton Inn Majestic were great! The beds were amazingly comfortable...lots of fluffy pillows that were just right. The decor is very nice- contemporary and really makes the place look like a 4 star hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and courteous. It was just a short walk to Michigan Ave and Millenium Park. I would definately recommend this hotel- it is a steal!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Great hotel in great location	Ideal hotel for sightseeing! We got a very nice room, with loads of space and a big bathroom. Hot breakfast was included in the price, which is always a plus. The hotel is ideally located for sightseeing, in the centre of the Chicago loop. It was a bit pricey though.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great hotel great location	This is a very nice hotel located about two blocks away from Millenium Park and the Art Institute. It is also in the middle of the theatre district, next door to the Schubert Theatre, and blocks away from many good restaurants. The only downside to the location is that the hotel is not extremely close to the magnificent mile. The rooms are clean and new, though not particularly spacious. The free breakfast included one hot item and the normal assortment of cereals, muffins, toast, etc. Staff were very friendly and helpful. In short, I would highly reccomend the Hampton Inn Magestic for those looking for an affordable but nice hotel close to Chicago's parks and musuems.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great hotel in Chicago downtown	This is the best hotel I have stayed at so far in Chicago (stayed at Travelodge and Congress Plaza in the past).This one has a much central location and rooms are wonderful. It has been renovated recently and it is not cheap renovation.Big bed, nice bathroom and big LCD TV's.Also there is free wireless which is not easy to find in Chicago hotels, usually you pay for $10 the connexion.Very close to Michigan Avenue, Magnificient Mile or many theatres or great restaurant.Breakfast is free as well, typical buffet from hotel chains though, nothing exceptional on this side.Rooms are not cheap ($160 per night) but this is market price in Chicago downtown.Expect also $38 a night for valet parking which is expensiveHighly recommended overall	
Aug 14 2007 	Great experience	This is a great hotel in the theater district. We found the room to be reasonably priced (as far as Chicago goes), and the location can't be beat -- a block or two from the El (which gives you access to just about everything) and a block or two from Millennium Park. The room was comfortable (the bed was great!!), of decent size, and of nice decor. The complimentary breakfast was well stocked and very convenient -- to be expected with Hampton Inn's. We had no problems with the wireless internet or with noise while in our room. And we found the staff (desk and valet) to be very friendly and accommodating.One minus was that there was valet parking only, though this is pretty much to be expected in any city.	
Aug 3 2007 	Clean quiet and central	I knew this property was a new renovation when I booked but I had no idea just how clean it would be. The property was spotless. There were a few things here and there which gave the impression they did the conversion on the cheap. It's set in the old lasalle bank building which is from the 20's i think, and there are a few odds and ends which stick out. Other than that, the property is very nice. The service was helpful, but a few of the girls at the front desk were very unfriendly... though still helpful, if that makes sense.This property is close to the trains so anyone traveling outside of the loop will have to walk a maximum of 2 blocks. A tip for those of whom may be unfamiliar with the city, downtown is dead at night so if you are looking for an area with active night life, this may be the wrong place for you. Look into River North or Lincoln Park.They have a complimentary wireless connection and two computers in the lobby so it was never difficult to get online. Overall I found the room to be of average size, but the view from 21fl was pretty good. The LCD monitors were a nice surprise and the bed was very comfy. I'd stay here again.	
Jul 16 2007 	A restful home base in the Loop	Although this property seems geared toward business travelers (no swimming pool, for example), it suited our family of four, three-night Chicago vacation, with its central location. It was convenient to the major attractions we saw, from the Hancock Observatory and Navy Pier in the north, to the Museum of Science and Industry in the south, and the Museum Campus and Grant Park/Millenium Park in the middle. Hailing a taxi at the front door or catching a city bus on State Street is easy. Staying here during a theatre weekend (to see a show like Wicked at the nearby Oriental or High School Musical at the LaSalle Bank Theatre) would be ideal.The property is in a newly-converted office tower over the LaSalle Bank Theatre (formerly the Schubert), in the Theatre District, with a smallish lobby on the fourth floor. The street entrance is a small elevator lobby with bellman station, which feels like a private stage door with its proximity to the theatre box office. There are several rooms on each floor, not dozens. Our 19th floor room faced the office building across Monroe Street, with no view of the street below thanks to a ledge, and no view of Lake Michigan.The high-ceiling rooms are simply and tastefully decorated, in an upscale Pottery Barn-like style, with numerous small touches such as a lapdesk, very comfy beds and pillows, complimentary weekday USA Today, HDTV, and unexpected extra bath amenities like mouthwash and cotton balls. The desk area has an Ethernet port for laptop connection to their LAN. There are two DELL PCs in the lobby with attached printer (the so-called &quot;business center&quot;), which were often occupied by teens -- most business travelers apparently bring their own laptops. WiFi connections are also available.Our room was comfortable and quiet, in spite of being across the hall from the soft drink machine. It had an easy-to-use, digital thermostat. The HVAC fan was quiet and effective. We experienced no street noise, and only occasional running water noise from the adjacent room.The scrambled-egg based hot breakfast buffets were well-stocked, with cold items ranging from yogurt cups to cereal, bagels, and breads also available, plus light and dark roast coffees and juices (even a pomegranate variety). The buffet was good, convenient, and gave us one less thing to worry about each morning. Finding a seat was a little problematic for us one morning, although &quot;grab-and-go&quot; breakfast bags are also available and table turnover seemed fairly continual. Show up early or late to avoid the crowd.I was sorry to read about the service lapses that spoiled the stays recounted in other reviews. We enjoyed nothing but good service thoughout our stay.Dining hint: walk one block north to Madison Street and then right (east) to Pizano's (61 E. Madison, just past Wabash Avenue) for some to-die-for Chicago deep dish pizza in a quintessential, friendly Chicago venue. Get there early to avoid the line, it's a popular place.	
Jul 7 2007 	Not your usual Hampton Inn	Located in the heart of Chicago's Loop, this beautifully restored hotel is not your typical Hampton Inn. The rooms, with 12-foot ceilings, top-of-the-line furnishings and big flat-screen HDTV's, would not be out of place in any 5 star hotel.As with any Hampton Inn, there is no &quot;nickel and diming&quot;. In-room internet, breakfast and local calls are all free. Be warned though that, if you are staying during a busy period, the breakfast lounge/reception area feels more like a crowded cruise ship restaurant (this is not a good thing). Finding a seat will be all but impossible.The fitness center is painfully small, with a few (albeit new) cardio machines and 1 all-in-one workout contraption.All of the staff are exceedingly friendly. As to whether they are efficient I couldn't say as I had no problems or complaints for the entire 5 days I was there.	
Jun 24 2007 	We Had A Great Experience	We had a wonderful experience at our recent stay. Staff: The staff was very polite and met our requests very promtly, without the attitude that you sometimes get from other hotels. They seemed genuine and not as though they were just being polite becasue they were &quot;forced &quot; to by management. Room: Our room was great the hotel is decorated in an Art Deco style and seems very new and clean. The bathrooms were large, TV was great, and the bed was comfortable. Ammenities: The workout room was fantastic, open 24 hours, which is great for me. The equipment was all new and top of the line gym quality. The treadmills and ellipticals had TV's attached so there was no worrying about bothering other users with your TV noise! Although I had the gym to myself.Misc. Breakfast was free in the morning and was great.	
Jun 15 2007 	Terrible Service	I was looking forward to staying at the Hampton Majestic on a business trip after reading the reviews here. My flight was severely delayed. I called ahead to the Hampton to let them know that I'd be arriving very late, but that I would still be coming and to please hold my room. The person on the phone thankedme and asked me to call if there was any change.I arrived at the hotel at 2:45 am (3:45 am to my body) quite tired, to find that there were no rooms available, despite the fact I had areservation guaranteed for late arrival and called ahead. All I wanted to do at this time was get to sleep as quickly as possible, since I had a meeting at 8:30 the next morning. Instead, in addition to learning I would not be checking in and going to bed, I was told I'd be take to the &quot;other&quot; Hampton Inn. As a single female traveler in downtown Chicago which has some less than wonderful areas, you can imagine my apprehension at learning I'd be taken to a location I was not familiar with in the middle of the night. The other hotel was not in walking distance to my office, and to top it off, I'd have to bring my luggage to the office in the morning so I could move back to the Majestic the following evening. The desk clerk after some discussion gave memoney to take a cab in the morning. I finally was settled in the other hotel at 3:15 am.The hotel rooms are very nice and just as described in the reviews, but I'd be hard pressed to recommend a hotel that did this to anyone.	
May 29 2007 	AMAZING HOTEL ! ! ! It's the best value for your money!	This hotel is amazing! The price is right! The location is great! The rooms are spacious with everything you need. I really couldn't believe this was a Hampton Inn. It felt like a 5-star hotel.This hotel is right next two &quot;L&quot; Subway locations. The red and blue lines. The blue line takes you right to O'Hare Airport. The red line takes you up to the Lakeview, Boystown, and the Northside. You are two blocks away from Marshall Fields (opps, I mean Macy's) (Note: I miss Fields) My room had a king-size pillow top bed with 4 comfortable pillows. One morning, I didn't want to get out of bed! Plush bath towels. The 25&quot; TV is flat screen LCD HD. Also, in-room coffee maker. In the lobby the hotel offers a FREE breakfast every morning. Oh, and how about this. . . . no telephone charge for a local call. The staff is excellent ! ! Housekeeping, Bell Caption, Front desk, everyone, all seems to enjoy working at this hotel.Finally, I will recommend this hotel to all my friends, and will definitely return.	
May 23 2007 	Right in the Thick of It		
May 13 2007 	Great Hotel and Great Location		
May 4 2007 	Tall dark and lovely!		
Apr 16 2007 	Pleasant Stay		
Apr 10 2007	Lovely hotel		
Mar 28 2007 	Great place to stay!		
Mar 7 2007 	Cool Place		
Feb 11 2007 	Absolutely lovely!!		
Jun 30 2009 	Excellent hôtel		
Jun 27 2009 	Vraiment tres bien		
Nov 30 2008	Perfektes Hotel		
Sep 18 2008 	Ottima scelta		
Jul 7 2007	Coole Zimmer		
