Where do I begin? Moonstruck has my heart. &pizza is so convenient, quick and affordable. Never had any bad pizza there at all. Love the soda too!Fantastic pizza, great service, and tasty organic sodas make this new age pizza shop worth the stop! They serve thin crust flatbread style pizzas with the freshest ingredients I've ever had on a pizza. You can choose a pizza from their menu and then customize it to your liking. I highly recommend the Maverick with the spicy tomatoe sauce and the Hawaiian just the way it is. Make sure you get a taste of the soda. It is homemade with cane sugar and out of this world. We will be sure to stop by again.Amazing pizza for the cost and unlimited toppings. Super friendly service and delicious eats.  My only complaint was the music was extremely loud.  Very happy that they had the note on their website that the entrance was on 15th street - we almost missed it and thought it was one of the closed down buildings on Walnut.
Edited to Clarify:  We were hungover, so we might have been a bit sensitive to the music level.  Will definitely still recommend this place to everyone we know in Philly!I love this place. I lived in DC where &pizza was at and I got so excited when I found out they were coming to Philly. I hope they expand and open other locations. Build your own pizza is my favorite and I love how it fills me up but the thin crust doesn't make you feel too full. Also, I know &pizza used to do good for the community and for nonprofits in DC so I'm looking forward to them doing good things here too.I heard about this place through word of mouth. I ordered a Moonstruck online and went to pick it up at 1430 Walnut street and there is nothing there. I called and they are actually located on 15th street between Walnut and Chancellor. The pizza is tasty, but I don't know how they expect people to find them at this address.Stumbled in here yesterday for a quick bite and I must say, it was phenomenal. Not sure what was better the service or the food.  We were greeted upon entering the restaurant, offered food recommendations and even had the manager stop by to ensure our experience met their expectations. We cannot wait to stop back out and try the rest of the menu, but the "MOONSTRUCK" and the "AMERICAN HONEY" were absolutely outstanding!  Definitely should check it out!Hidden gem in Center City . First experienced it in DC and I'm so happy it's here in Philly . Fresh ingredients and open lateGreat pizza at a good price. Very thin crust with lots of toppings options. Always room to sit in but you can also easily take out. I feel that you get more bang for your buck here compared to other local design-your-own pizza places.I'm very particular about my pizza, probably slightly less than a New Yorker, but this was great. You can add as many toppings as you like, but be sure to grab a fork because they'll fall off. 
I made my own (traditional dough, classic tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, grilled onion, mushroom, spinach, and chicken with parmesan and balsamic finishes). Everything tastes fresh, and it was really good. The edges of the crust were crunchy, but not rock hard, but the center of the crust under the topping was soft. The toppings fall off easily if you're not careful. Good thing they have forks! 
I had a sweet mint "&tea," and it wasn't too sweet. They come in jars, which I thought was a little odd at first, but didn't really mind.
The only downside (reason it's not five stars) is the value for how much food you get. A pizza and iced tea were $13.75, but I left a little hungry. This doesn't happen at some other places you can get a meal for $13-15 at. The pizza was great, dough.Fast and efficient service. All ingredients are fresh and everything was delicious. You can either choose the main menu or make your own. I chose the OG with an added pesto sauce. Excellent.The pizza is just ok. The pizza assembly line needs to be re-evaluated. The process is very slow. They never have enough dough ready and they are very slow to put on toppings which they always get wrong. This was my second visit and the second time they did not get my order right.I first went to &pizza in the DMV, which I believe is where the originals started. My girlfriend and I would travel to DC, just to get this pizza so we were happy when Philly opened one! I am so glad the Philly establishment was not my introduction to this place - they need work and the pizza is not as good as the location in DC. So disappointing. The employees on the line are VERY stingy with the toppings, even when you ask for "extra" it is still as if they have been instructed to apply the toppings like robots - get the mozzarella cheese balls and they will literally break a piece of cheese per square. I had to ask for extra broccoli three times because it didn't cover my pizza. They put the sauce on the dough as if that little scoop of the silver spoon is going to stretch the sauce across the whole pizza, JUST PUT MORE SAUCE ON. I don't get it. I ordered a 13 dollar pizza (gluten-free costs 3 dollars more and is a smaller size) and I can't even get the toppings to cover my pizza without asking. Nothing like the original and they don't serve wine like the DC location. Also, the vibe is totally different, no need for the loud hip hop music, just serve good pizza, don't be stingy with toppings and don't have your employees applying toppings like robots. If you have never been to the establishment in DC, you might like this place, if you have, it will be a total disappointment. 
Other notes: I was told I couldn't get a to-go box if I was eating in ...huh? If I know I am not going to finish my entire pizza and I want to take it with me, how can you tell me I can't have a to-go box?Pizza was dank. Vegan cheese for the win. Jonathan, Amir and David are so good at their jobs and enthusiastic about giving good service. They were so helpful and seemed to love working here. How nice!There are several made to order personal pizza places popping up in Center City. In order to find out which one I like best I conducted an experiment. One evening I ordered the same pizza at both & and Snap around the corner. I tried to keep all things constant and ordered a pizza with pineapple, Italian sausage, and spinach. While I liked &pizza's crust and unique pizza shape, compared to Snap it just wasn't my favorite. I had an assistant help me with this experiment, so no I did not eat both pizzas by myself.
The second time we went to &pizza, we took advantage of the online ordering. They have a sign out front that says you can place your order online to avoid the line. We did just that and went to pick up our order 15 minutes later only to find the cashier hadn't processed it, so we waited anyway.Great pizza, 10 bucks gets you as many toppings (excluding proteins) as you would like. They have vegan ground beef and vegan cheese along with gluten-free crust (which doesn't taste like cardboard).  We had a Hawaiian pizza for we substituted vegan cheese and meat along with a mushroom pizza on gluten free crust. The latter was much tastier but both were pretty good and relatively large for the cost. Try it out!This was a great find after seeing a show at the Kimmel and heading home on the train.  Love the concept and the food was delish and VERY reasonable.So excited to have my favorite DC pizza joint in philly!!
Tip: they will do half and half pizzas, I definitely recommend trying different sauces. I personally love half spicy tomato half garlic. 
Great food, great staff (she cleaned EVERYTHING even though I just asked for new gloves since I'm a vegetarian. So nice and thoughtful) and GREAT location!! Love this addition, and how dangerously close it is to my apartmentI'm in love with this place. Finally a place where I can get vegan pizza with FRESH ingredients and unlimited at that! I got a fully loaded veggie pizza and could not be happier. This is totally going to be my place for my pizza fix and it's walking distance from my house. And they have a rewards program so for every 10 pizzas I get one free. Totally awesome! Hope it stays open forever.Really good pizza. Unlimited toppings for the craft your own pizzas. The sodas are really yummy. 
Of the hits, I have tried the following which are all good!
-the OG
-Moonstruck
-Gnarlic&pizza is hard to find on google so I had to find it on yelp.
They have whole grain pizza dough so that's a plus.
I can't eat there any more because theres something going on with the  pizza that aggravates my acid reflux. I elimate the cheese and the sauce and only get  mushrooms ,shrimps with a olive oil base. My chest hurts for a whole day after eating the pizza,  so it must be the dough .I do recommend  this place to others , but go early on weekends if you dont like crowds or waiting in line .After midnight and when the clubs close on weekends its a madhouse.best pizza in Center city! I did Craft Your Own pizza several times there, there is a wide range of dough, cheese, vege, protein and toppings to choose from and everything tastes good!I wish I could rate this place higher I really do because honestly the pizza was pretty good.
Pros: the pizza itself was delicious.  You can get all the toppings you want for one set price so that's also awesome.  I got the spicy tomato sauce with mozzarella, goat cheese and some veggies with chili oil on top.  It really was pretty darn good.  I definitely would want that pizza again.
Cons: the WAIT.  my boyfriend and I arrived at 7:15 and were catching an 8pm show at the Academy of Music, literally a two minute walk from this place.  We didn't order until 7:30 and there were only about four people in front of us.  We waited another 15 minutes for our pizza and had to shovel it in our face before going to catch our show.  We did not anticipate this to take this long as I have been to snap pizza multiple times and this has never happened.  I think they got too many online/take out orders that the people in line suffered and there isn't enough staff working.  They really should fix this.  However, I will say that girl at the cash register was very apologetic and gave us our drinks for free which we appreciated and was a nice way to make up for what they did!The place looks neat, clean and organized. Pizza is good, I like the fact that the calorie count on ingredients  ( if you want to build your own pizza ) and the specialty pizza are posted and it allows you to make decisions so I don't feel bad of eating just pizza. usually when it comes to pizza is always a trade off with nutrition/Calories vs Taste and flavor. This place allows you to feel not as guilty if you eat pizza.  I couldn't see if they're offered on their sodas a sugar free options so watch out if you're getting soda and watching your calories.  
The staff interactions were just ok, the  guy that helped me offered me stuff at the end SO Fast that I just said yes cuz it seem that he was a little hyper; My husband and I went there while he was  going to the bathroom he was scolded by this employee reminding him that bathrooms were for customers only. I understand it's CC lots of tourist but if thats your first impression of the city I think it will potentially damage a customer experience.  We live around the  block so the comment about the bathroom felt out of place, besides we were customers and there was only us and another couple.
 I still rate this place high because of the stuff I mentioned before and affordability.We discovered & Pizza in Washington DC and have loved it ever since! Never been disappointed! Love the atmosphere. Best pizza I've had! Please add other locations to the Philadelphia area.Build your own pizza style. The shape and cut of the pizza is definitely unique and new. Great portion size and was filling. This place is huge and has plenty of seating. It has a very minimalistic chic vibe to it, which I love. I ordered the hawaiian pizza, but I was not impressed flavor wise, the red onions are pickled (gets a little bit of getting used to).We were in town and pregnant Wife wanted a quick snack. Perfect!! Great crust, fresh ingredients and funny people. We'll for sure be back!Great food. Friendly staff. Make sure to try the ginger lemonade it's great! And one other tip - the pepperonis and sundries tomatoes here are best in class.So good! Customizable flat bread pizza heaven. Especially when I'm not one to craze pizza fir comfort food, this stuff is exceptional!Devan made my pizza and she gave me great conversation also!! I've never been here before, but the fact they let you put whatever you want on your pie is fucking amazing to me!! If the pizza is anything like their customer service, I'll definitely be back!!!
Uh so ok, I got carried away. Carmelized onions, mozzarella cheese shredded, sausage, spicy marinara sauce, chicken, broccoli. If I left anything out, forgive me I was high when I ordered it. This shit is good af though and big as shit!! Get yo ass there and get some pizzaThe pies here are highly customizable and the toppings are endless. Still great quality and crispy crust! Workers here are super nice and same with the management! David is the coolest.. 
I got 2 specialty pizzas, the blue print and le
Royal. Check out my photos!!It doesn't get any better than this place. A staple in DC now it's in Philly. Taste is amazing, options are too and the customer service was greatI hosted a speed meet & greet event &pizza for about 15 people (though we could've hosted about 40 people comfortably). The team there is super flexible and let us reserve the 5 middle tables for 1.5 hours with no fee (if you'd like to BYOB, you'd need to pay to book the place out). David was incredibly helpful. I put in an order of about 20 pizzas about 5 days in advance and he had the entire order correct and everything (including the custom-made orders) out on time! The place was a nice place to mix and mingle and the food was delicious. They are also gluten-free, dairy-free, and vegetarian-friendly with all their options, which was a huge plus. I would definitely recommend 1) ordering pizza from here, and 2) hosting an event here.Best pizza in town . I. ever had pizza like this on any other place. Fresh and organic mix is the bomb .A really great option for lunch.. I work nearby and have tried out a few of their pizzas. Lots of space, quick and good food. Staff is very friendly! Thanks for hosting us today!I thought this place was pretty good.  Met some friends here right after work around 5:15pm and it was empty.  I like that we get to choose our toppings and sauce according to our own tastes, they stick it in the oven, and within minutes, the pizza is done.  The restaurant has a nice environment, and its clean with good service.The pizza tastes exactly like it does in dc so that's awesome. The atmosphere is very different tho. I feel that companies who come into new areas try so desperately to capture the local culture but always goof on it. It had a very clinical feel with all black and white and the music was deafening. So pizza 5 stars, atmosphere 1, which is why I can only give 3 stars overall.Loved the experience from the beginning. Walked in, got greeted and helped with the menu. Their toppings were great, go for the goat cheese. Make sure you try the mango-passion Fruit soda...last but not least, the dessert pizza is a MUST.The toppings are unlimited, which is nice, and they have gluten free cheese, which is a plus for those who don't eat dairy. Dough is freshly made, and for each pizza, you decide how many toppings you want. The sky is the limit! 
Added bonus! Management is very nice and helpful! I had a situation, which they were able to assist. Thank you!! I appreciated that very much!! 
Parking can be tough, and it is not directly on Walnut St..You have to make a left of 15th and Walnut, and you'll find it down the street. Address is 1430 Walnut, but it's off Walnut St...Enjoy!!!First and last time here. Pizza is terrible! Not an ounce of flavor. Literally - not a grain of salt. I can only blame myself for being cheap and not going to vetri around the corner.This place is chill. It has the most friendly staff and a great atmosphere that is hip and modern. I recommend any of the items on the menu and the soft drinks are to die for. I would give 100 stars if I could. Great job &pizza!I have been here a couple of times the food is always great there's one person that takes my order and that's Taneisha funny respectful very nice employeeKinda like a Chipotle for pizza. You tell the nice people at the counter what pizza you want, you go through an assembly line and they run your oblong pie through a toaster oven conveyor belt. 
Not necessarily my first choice for a meal in this area, but the pizza is perfectly acceptable if you want some quick, fresh and affordable, plus the selection of teas and cold beverages is nice.This pizza is the bomb.com ! Fresh and yummy ! The people are awesome as well and super nice ! Even to the most annoying and difficult customer like myself ;) thanks!Stopped here for lunch between setting up for an event and attending said event. The restaurant is very clean and organized. There were a few people in line before us but the line moved very quickly. The pizzas are all customizable and even their standards you can omit ingredients or add to them. They are delicious and reasonably priced. I ordered the Gnarlic but omitted the basil pesto. They also had Milk bar cookies on the counter that I highly recommend.Great pizza to try something different! The chipotle of pizzas. What seemed like unlimited free toppings turned my boring pizza into a masterpiece. The ambiance is fire too. If parking wasn't so bad, I'd come here oftenWhat a great experience! First, I absolutely loved the customer service. Each person at their station greeted me and were willing to help. Then Dave (who I think was a manager?) checked on me to make sure I enjoyed my pizza. That speaks volumes to a business. Having worked in the service industry, it's nice to see someone who cares about what they do. The ingredients were fresh, the vibe was cool, and the service excellent. You can customize your own, but I recommend the Maverick. Meat Lovers Delight!Awesome flatbreads that are made to order with fresh ingredients VERY quickly. Interior is clean and stylish, menu is simple yet impactful, and the staff is extremely friendly. Definitely would recommend to anyone hanging out in center city.Really good personal pizza for an affordable price. I walked by this place and was intrigued by its black modern interior and decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. The gluten free crust was crispy, with a soft interior and the toppings were all very fresh and tasted great. I highly recommend the spicy tomato sauce. It started out sweet and had a little kick of spice on the end which made for an interesting combo.We were so excited to try &pizza after reading the fabulous yelp reviews and being recommended by a cashier at LUSH.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed with our experience here at &pizza.  The concept of making your own pie was fantastic, but being the jersey girls and pizza snobs that we are,  we found a few things disappointing. Most importantly, the sauce needs work...it tasted like a bad brand-named jar that was picked up off the shelf of an unpopular food market.   Suggestion to get back to basics and revamp the sauce recipe. The pesto wasn't half as bad, but not near good. Other than the overall concept and price, this was a disappointing experience.Went here earlier in the week and got one of the specialty pizzas- the Moonstruck. The pizza tasted pretty good(they definitely didn't skimp on the mushrooms), but it also wasn't incredible. Overall, I think it's a solid cheaper dining option.Have nothing but great things to say about this place. The staff has incredible interpersonal skills, John is always very friendly, and embodies the notion exceptional customer service. Along with the manager Sam. Amazing staff amazing food! Highly recommend this place.I like &pizza! They feature a couple pizzas or you always have the option to create your own with as many toppings as you would like! I recently tried the le royal, which is now my new favorite! It's Luke French onion soup on pizza! They have great hours and are open late. Only thing they could improve on, is staff. The line is always so long when I go and it doesn't always move quickly.Great first "&pizza" experience on Tuesday with my friend Megan! Manager Natalie helped Megan and I navigate through the whole process of pizza picking. She recommended the spicy chick peas and they were DELICIOUS!! Wow! We will be visiting Natalie again very soon with more friends!After my last review describing my disappointed in my pre-ordered pizza being cold when I picked it up and  saying that was unacceptable  (I had ordered one the week before and that was fine), I was messaged by a manager who agreed that it certainly was not acceptable and that he would take steps to rectify the pre-ordering system.  I told him, I would try again and I did. I am happy to say the pizza was hot and fabulous.  I designed my own with garlic ricotta, mozzarella, grilled onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and balsamic drizzle.  And while the pizza was excellent, what was even better is management that cares.& pizza is exactly what you are picturing. Chipotle style pizza. Unlimited toppings and all I had were good quality.
Service was fantastic. Our pizza took a few extra minutes to cook so the manager gave my girlfriend and I free pizza receipts for our next visit. So nice.
The dough was solid for a custom pizza place that cooks in a minute. Spicy tomato wasn't as spicy as I would have liked but overall very good place and I recommend.I have celiac disease and this place has never made me sick. The pizza is always yummy, fresh and fast.Wanted to get a quick bite before the opera at The Academy of Music and found &Pizza. Excellent!  Quick service, squeaky clean space & everyone was super nice and welcoming. We got the Gnarlic and customized it - De-lish!!  Stop by for fresh toppings and fun drinks.  Great location - proximity to Ave of the Arts. two thumbs upUpdate: After my first review, the manager invited me and a small group of friends who had never been to the restaurant so they could try it. I do believe reviews should be based first and foremost on food quality, but it's a big plus that the manager and staff are so caring about their customers and image. 
Again, the pizzas were great. We tried the farmers daughter (a breakfast pizza with eggs and drizzled with hot sauce) which quickly became my new favorite. The gnarlic, which had a white sauce base with garlic sauce and pesto, was also delicious with a strong but now overpowering garlic taste. Among a couple others we tried, only the pineapple jack, their version of a Hawaiian pizza, was unremarkable. However, across the board the ingredients were still fresh and the pizzas tasty with just the right amount of crispiness and balance of dough, sauce, and flavorful toppings. 
Also worth a mention were the teas: the unsweetened lemongrass white peach tea was super refreshing and according to my friend "like drinking a flower" (in a good way!). While their sweet tea was also good, if you're a fan of teas that aren't pumped with sugar to the point of being basically soda, I'd definitely give it a try.Dave is the reason I love this place! So much energy and great food! The best pizza in the city award goes to these guys.Tasty pizza, good price, sophisticated vibe. Got the Gnarlic pizza with some grilled chicken and loved it. Will be backWhat a great spot! This is a chipotle style place where you pick your dough, pick your toppings, then they bake it and at the end there are more toppings and sauces you can add. (Think balsamic vinegar, pesto, chili oil, more hot sauces, and some others. 
I went in and ordered the classic OG with jalapeños. (I was a little surprised they didn't have regular onions and green peppers.) I added chili oil, pickled onions, and on everything and pesto on half once the pizza was baked. Delicious! I was starving so I went with items I already knew I would like. 
I would like to get back and try the ancient grain dough. I had not noticed that they had that until I had already ordered. Can't wait to try more of the combinations later!Great pizza quick and easy. Staff was friendly and efficient. Overall good experience!Some of the best pizza in Philly!!!! The ingredients are so fresh and yummy! I tasted many of the pizzas they offer and each one is better than the next! I can't wait to come back and try a new one!Met up with a friend on her lunch break and we decided to stop in to &pizza since it's located near her building. First of all, when you walk into this place, you can't help but notice the really cool atmosphere and decor. There is a black and white theme going on and the walls are hand painted too! Next, the place was absolutely spotless...like I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant this clean in my entire life - huuuge bonus points for that. 
My friend got the American Honey pizza and I opted for a "make your own" pizza with chicken, bacon, broccoli, and basil pesto! I asked how many toppings I could get and was shocked to find out it's unlimited! How amazing is that?! The service was quick, the pizzas were cooked to perfection, and there was plenty of seating. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was how loud the music was...although we liked the music choices, it was hard to hear my friend talking and she was sitting right across from me! 
I'll definitely be back again but next time, we might just get out pizzas to go.Great pizza with Even greater ingredients... goat cheese should be added to every pizza... the best cheeseAnd pizza. Maybe it should be called "Pizza And Everything Else" because this pizza comes before, and is better, than so many things. 
After hearing the hype of &Pizza coming to Philly and trying it in Baltimore, I was invited to come in and try some of their pizzas with a few friends. We opted for a sampling of the hits versus each picking out an individual order. 
Dreams do come true, pizza lovers. After trying 5 savory pies and a dessert pie, I have to start by calling out the consistency in the crust. Not only was the actual texture and consistency good, the product was good consistently. Not to quote Goldilocks and the three bears, but the crust was just right. Not too thick, but not too thin. Not too crispy, but not too doughy. It didn't overwhelm any of the toppings, but it stood out on its own as delicious. 
As far as toppings, the Gnarlic was my favorite. I'm biased though. Pesto and garlic are two of my favorite things. There was garlic in the ricotta and garlic in the sauce. Add mozzarella, grilled onion and parmesan and I'm in love. The execution on this pie was done right. 
I actually really liked the Moonstruck too. If you've ever read my reviews, you know that I'm not too keen on mushroom. However, the other ingredients featured goat cheese (my lover), fig balsamic and truffle oil (I know, I know...it's mushroom). Not only did I try it, I really liked it. 
The Maverick was probably my next favorite. Again, they had me at pesto. Add a touch of pesto to salami, pepperoni and Italian sausage, and you really have a great meat lover's combo. 
Last but not least (because everything can't be listed first, right?) was the OG and Pineapple Jack. The executions were both excellent, however the other toppings happen to resonate with me better. It's MY Yelp review, I can be as biased as I want. 
In its own (dessert) category was the Lori Lane. I like that the same crust was used with the sweet toppings. Perfect sweet/savory-ish combo. It was essentially a berries and sweet cream flavored pie. I challenge you to not blow sugar everywhere if your friends make you laugh while eating this pizza. Powdered sugar can be very dangerous, don't you know. 
&Pizza also makes their own sodas. I tried some of the Ginger Berry Lemonade and the Mango+ Passion Fruit. They were refreshing and delicious, but unfortunately lacking an adult beverage component. That is probably the only part of &Pizza that's lacking, but to no fault of theirs. 
Justin and the rest of the staff were on their A-Game. They were friendly, professional and brought the pies to us fresh out of the oven. I truly appreciate the hospitality of &Pizza. 
Without a doubt, I'll be back. Watch out, "craft your own." I see some fun adventures in my future.Perfect portion sized pizza. Great preparation, quick service, and good location in the city. Best of all- they had vegan cheese AND vegan beef as topping. $10 is not too bad for a pizza in center city. The seating is very open and you can look out into the busy street and enjoy your pizza.Amazing Pizza!! Definitely going to go back tomorrow. I do have one major issue - it's the pizza box. It has '202' smack dab in the center a.k.a Washington DC area code. F Washington, F the Redskins. Change it to 215. Go Birds.Who doesn't want to be able to control every aspect of their pizza? This place is great - you can try all different combinations even details such as certain toppings in certain sections of your masterpiece. Added bonus - the guy making your pizza was fun and not annoyed by all the customizing requests. The chickpeas you can add to your pizza is a unique find and delicious add. Only con of the restaurant: they wouldn't give you a glass for water...which I thought was bizarre.I've been to build-your-own pizza places before, but &pizza is my new favorite! I love that they offer different types of dough and cater to gluten-free and vegetarian/vegan eaters. I ordered a build your own pizza with ancient grain dough, garlic and basil pesto sauce, shredded mozzarella, roasted red peppers, spinach, vegan sausage, and topped it off with arugula, garlic oil, and parmesan. The pizza was amazing and filling! The sauce and garlic oil masked the taste of the vegan sausage, but I picked a piece out to try and I'd do without it next time ..I went to this establishment two nights and was very happy with my meal! The manager Natalie was very helpful and helped my friend and I. I had never been to this place before but I will definitely be coming again!Awesome and creative personal sized pizzas. Fast service! Had me in and out quick. Had the dirty bird wich is a buffalo chicken style pizza. I would get it again.Delicious pizza!  The crust is just crusty enough, and the staff was quite pleasant.  It's a beautiful thing to see good pizza in the Rittenhouse area at last!  Welcome to the neighborhood, &pizza.  I love you already.I love this place. Personal pizza, craft soda, and goooood service! I would eat here everyday if I could!Great place for customized pizza. Kinda like chipotle where you go down the line and add the ingredients. For a customed pizza, it's a flat rate if $10. Service is nice and quick. Place is trendy and popular during lunch.Awesome! Made to order, and delicious every time! Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and delicious pizza! Nothing better! The manager (Dave?) is amazing!Nice staff + good pizza = happy stomach (^_^)
Always like to come in here and enjoy the atmosphere. Pizza toppings are fresh and the ginger berry lemonade is awesomeI went there last night specifically for gluten free pizza because it's one of the few places that carries it. PLUS I had heard such great reviews (I mean I packed my toddler up, convinced dad to come too, paid for expensive parking, etc...) only to find that they were out! The level of disappointment was super frustrating. And my 7 month pregnant belly was doing backflips.  please don't advertise if you don't carry it! Or maybe I should have called firstI must tell you first that I took part in their promotional get a & tattoo and win free pizza. I did get the tattoo for I am a true pizza lover. Last night I checked into &pizza and the pizza was great! We had the meat lovers, traditional and the yummy berry dessert pie. The craft sodas have so much flavor (try them all) the place is super clean and well lit. The staff was so friendly and kind. I'm definitely recommending & Pizza  enjoy!!Who doesn't love a good customizable pizza?
Even if you're a pick eater, guess what - you get to choose whatever you want as your toppings so theoretically, you can't go wrong. And it's the same price ($9.73 plus tax) regardless of how many or few toppings you'd like, so feel free to get creative! And if you're not feeling very innovative, they have pre-made options that you can eat or work off of as well. 
The pizzas are a very good size too; if I'm hungry I can finish the entire thing (even though it feels like I've jam packed that pizza up to my nose inside), but if I'm not too starved, I can save a bit for later. I would give it a full five stars, except that the last two times I was there, the servers were not the most friendly and you kinda have to interact with them in order to tell them what toppings you want. On the other hand, I do love that it's got spacious long tables to accommodate groups, which is more difficult to find easily in CC. 
All in all, solid spot!At first I wasn't sure about the concept of Fast Casual Pizza, but after having &pizza and how close their location is to my office, I couldn't be happier with the product that they provide and the service I get. This is a sure fire spot for me to grab a quick meal and feeling full and fulfilled. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, look no further than &pizza.Excellent pizza, nice environment, friendly staff. Overall very pleasant experience. There's a lot of variety and all the pizzas are very customizable, so you can get pretty much  any combination you can think of. Also not very expensive and you get enough pizza to satisfy two for about 10 bucks. Definitely found a new pizza spot for my friends and I.I had an excellent experience at this local pizza place.  The service was excellent (Dave, I believe is his name, you can't miss him, he is almost 7 feet tall).  Service was speedy but not too fast and he was very helpful in his suggestions of toppings.  I would definitely go back to him.  I did not give it 5 stars for I would rather have larger pieces of chicken then the shredded/smaller pieces that are offered here.Perfect Pizza. Must have!! Creative sodas like mango passion fruit, cereal milk soda, cereal milk cream soda cookies, made to order the pizza you can pick your toppings like shrimp :) Definitely a great place to try.Very good artisan pizza.. You can even make your own! I enhanced their Farmer's daughter pizza.. Soo good! If I'm around there.. I'm popping in!Compliment sandwich time:
Pizza is nice but the staff is not. I've worked in customer service. I get it. Customer service sucks because 1. Customers and 2. Service. BUT. It's not hard to greet people, actually respond, and do things in your general job description. I'm still going to come back because the pizza is probably the best in the city.The staff was friendly, their boxes are super cool and the pizza was so delicious I inhaled the entire thing.Great new addition to the lunch lineup. Like a Chipotle build your own bar but with pizza! Start with your choice of crust, then sauce, then toppings. They also have some nice finishing options (cheese, sauce drizzles, herbs, etc) My creation was delightful and with all of the combinations, it makes me want to revisit to try more. They also have pre-designed pies for the less adventurous. The service was friendly and quick. As a solo diner, I also appreciate that the layout accommodated me without me feeling guilty for stealing a whole table! Everything was clean and comfortable. Definitely will return.~$10 pizza with unlimited topping. Had the traditional pizza with spicy tomato and basil pesto base and all possible veggies on it. The mixed sauce was tasting really good and loved it. Cool ambience. Nice place to hangout with friends.Went back and they had their gluten free crust!! Got the meat lovers...woah, worth the 2nd trip. Great pizza for sure. I'll DEFINITELY be back for moreordered delivery off caviar bc it's getting cold. the concept is diy pizza which is super interesting. you can basically add like anything you want but they give you less of each thing the more you add.... overall really good!!! not a big pizza person but this is like a step up from your normal greasy chain pizza and it's a super manageable size and customizable so thumbs upNew to Philly, this def is now my new favorite pizza shop. Food was super fresh, staff was kind and courteous especially David! David made sure our check out was a smooth and quick process with our large order. Def recommend if you're a pizza fan! Lots of healthy options such as gluten free crust :)Absolutely love &pizza. Online ordering is fast and ready! So many vegan and vegetarian options. I have already been here a few times and plan to make many more trips in the future.I had a great experience at &pizza. The service was quick and friendly. I had the Maverick pizza. It was delicious and at the price, you really can't beat it! Definitely check out there proprietary fountain sodas, too. I wanted to try them all!Very good pizza.  Organic dough, no GMO when possible and locally sourced ingredients.  You won't be disappointed.I first feel in love with &pizza in DC and was quickly heartbroken when I learnt it was no where in the Tri state area. As soon as I heard it was coming to Philly, I was elated my love story didn't have to end.
Make your own thin crust pizza with unlimited toppings all for 10$. The ancient grain crust was crisp and perfectly cooked and the plethora of toppings were all very fresh! It's a very large space with lots of tables and window seating so it's a great place to come for a quick bite with a group of friends. 
LOVE this new addition to CC!!Disclaimer: I came here around 2am, so any pizza would have been "the best pizza ever". However, I'd definitely go here again during regular meal time hours. The crust is fairly thin, and wonderfully chewy. But not toooo chewy. There were a ton of toppings to choose from- They had normal toppings, but also some fun ones like spicy honey and balsamic glaze. The pizza was huge and could definitely be shared between two people ... or take the leftovers home and eat them the next day morning with a Gatorade and a headache,It was my first time at &Pizza.  I was amazed by the variety of toppings they offer. 
I have been to several custom pizza places. I have to admit that this place has really fresh and tasty toppings. The plus is that there is shrimp in the list.
However, the crust could have more texture and flavor to it, and &pizza is behind in this. 
The service was excellent. The staff was happy to answer all my questions.
P/s: I didn't see any condiments there like other places. That was sad.It's a great concept with great execution. The pizzas are great and the service is quick and friendly. Lots of options to choose from.This is my favorite pizza place in Philly! I adore build your own pizza places but the ones in LA are usually on thin crusted pizzas. &pizza has a thicker crust that is chewy and full of carbo goodness and that's what really sets it apart from the others. Bonus points for the restaurant being open during the snow storm when nearly the entire city was shut down!!Delicious pizza and great customer service! Pizza is ready to go or eat there within minutes and comes with a good assortment of  unlimited toppings and ae interesting sauces. Unfortunately  for me my pizza got burnt. The manager quickly apologized and ordered me another pizza on the house. I wanted to leave a tip but they refused and said they don't accept tops, only Yelp reviews. So here I am! I would definitely recommend this place if you want to grab a quick bite to eat or just to enjoy the pizza. There is lots of place to sit, its clean and service is quick.&pizza is the answer to quick and tasty pizza! You can opt to craft your own or order one of their recommended combinations, "The Hits". 
I ordered the Farmer's Daughter pizza (spicy tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, italian sausage, spinach, eggs, parmesan cheese, and red chili oil) and I added arugula as a finishing touch. 
The place was incredibly busy on a Saturday night and filled with lots of hungry drunk people. However, despite it being crowded, from placing the order until food in hand, the wait was less than 10 mins (so surprising, especially for pizza). 
The pizza was delicious and warm. Large portion for one person or a great snack for two. I would definitely recommend and come back again. Very comparable to their Washington, DC area counterparts.Very good place. Very friendly staff! Will be back again!
This place one my new favorite spots in Philadelphia!What a lovely experience I had here. After a fun night of drinking, a friend and I stopped in here, admittedly pretty tipsy, but we were welcomed with nothing but smiles and warmth! the staff was very sweet and seemed to be enjoying their jobs which made our ordering experience all the more pleasurable. I was thrilled that they had vegan options and their prices are super reasonable for the quality. awesome pizza, and they have a cool selection of unique flavored beverages. plus the decor is dope. this place is gonna do well in Philly!
I promised them i'd yelp them because this place gave me life. so glad we decided to stop in here instead of going to Wawa. A win for drunk Nicholas.&pizza has a ton of locations in DC so I'd eaten there before, but this is their only Pennsylvania branch. 
The space is huge, really great for groups and has this adorable minimalist sleek interior. They've got great fruity craft soda.  
My pizza was done in less than 10 minutes. All the food is organic and GMO free. The crust is nice and thin, with a crunchy outer and chewy interior. I got the moonstruck which is a really awesome white pizza, with really flavorful goat cheese, and I have them throw arugula on top.I've hear about this place but never actually knew where it was! Today I stumbled across it and was excited to try. The outside and inside captures you right away. They have little fun facts and good pizza selections. You can also build your own pizza & they don't charge for extra. Presentation & everything was 100%, but the pizza itself was okay lol.. I had better pizza in my day! I love the concept but okay pizzaLove this place! First had &pizza in DC, and was super stoked to find out that they were opening a location in Philly. If you aren't familiar, the pizzas are thin-crust and you order chipotle-style (sort of).
Getting to load up on unlimited toppings as well as order in advance online is incredible, and the pizzas make for very solid (if not the most healthy) meals.I had a great experience here. The pizza was excellent. Ms. Thomas, who assisted me with my pizza selection was very accommodating and informative. If I have one critique it would be to change the playlist in the store. its a trance type playlist. It would be nice to hear some hip-hop or what the employees like to hear.Walked into here for the first time yesterday. The space itself is very modern and offers plenty of seating. The manager met me and gave me a run down of their menu. This is a make your own pizza. There are their signature pizzas you can choose from or you can customize. Customizing allows you many options. Choose your own dough ( wheat, plain or gluten free) and chose your own toppings. One size thin crust  pizza that is enough for two. I had the gnarlic pizza, which is there signature white pizza. Delicious.Great tasting pizza and cheap too!! $10 for a whole size flat bread pizza plus the servers are really friendly, the guy with the tattoos and his friend too. Love the ambiace, lots of hot guys eating there specially after work hours.First learned about this institution in DC, thrilled to learn we have a spot in Philly! Their pizza style and customizable menu are fantastic. Service was fun and friendly.. I got the moonstruck (mushroom-based) with some modifications. Ambiance is nice, drink options are intriguing, overall a really comfortable, enjoyable spot to grab a meal.Pizza terrific but I'll never go back.
Tall guy all in black, not one employee knew who he is if he was owner or manager...was very rude..infact, obnoxious.  Place had 3 tables eating even kids were better behaved than him  He ran a sweeper next to where I was eating & the dust coming on to my table.  He knocked the table & said nothing..no I'm sorry.  Then he took all the chairs near the window seating to eat & facwe THE CHOCOLATE BALD MAN..
pushed them loud against the window ledge making a lot of noise..every person turned around.  Cashier had a problem making change..had to ask the black disaster for change of a few dimes.
  Also, had no clue what he does or his name.  I went  up to him when I left..he told me he orders the food, that's his job.  Would not rec, this place even though the pizza was good..putting up w/his noise & rudeness not worth it.
Paid $10.50 & had 1 pie ce of  the pizza, left everything on the table for him to clean up, being he is into cleaning on top of people eating.It was my first time at &Pizza and I can't wait to return. In love with the Moonstruck/Mushroom. The restaurant is modern, clean with friendly staff.I love this place! It is always my go to when I am down in the city. I love that you can add all of the toppings you want to your pizza. I am a vegetarian so it's great that they have vegan beef and vegan cheese! I also love all of their artisan sodas. They are so unique! The vibe in the store is great as well. The staff and management are always very helpful and nice. I definitely recommend this place to all of my friends!I am so happy that one of my favorite DC pizza places has come to Philadelphia. Just like the Washington location the combination of good fresh tasty ingredients combine bed with fast friendly service makes for a must go venue. Enjoyed making my selections and watching the staff construct my personal pizza. Today I chose a combo of chicken with ricotta garlic spread topped with roasted peppers sautéed onions mushrooms and a four cheese base. Delicious. I enjoy the fresh made ice teas in jars and selected the peach lemongrass. My wife and grandson enjoyed the standard tomato and cheese with basil. Fresh and delicious. The other pizzas looked great but I did not taste them. Will be back soon for more pizza creations. Welcome to Philly.Pizza is great but the manager tries to over charge you at late night. Corrected him after I paid because I go there for lunch sometimes so I know the prices. He only gave me a coupon to return. Good pizza bad management. The staff under the manager is great tI went here for lunch yesterday and it was a 3-star A-OK, but I wouldn't go back. I'm going to stick with the many pizza institutions in the city. 
The concept is great (Their competitor, Blaze, does a much better job), but execution is a little awkward with flow and environment. The pizza dough needs some work and flavor. 
Also, I am begging all restaurants to stop pretending that their spot is the newest dance club.  The awkwardness mentioned above was mostly caused by people having to yell over the ridiculously loud trance music. Literally yelling. It was strange.Im here right now for grand opening. This is one of the coolest places I've been for pizza. The pizza itself is great. It's about $9 for a "full" pizza (comes in a rectangular box). You get as many toppings as you want which is great. But the homemade sodas are just as great as the pizza. I seriously could come here just for the soda. Try the mango passion fruit. 
For grand opening they had break dancers in the street, and a black carpet, and gave away 215 pizzas for free. We were coming from a work event and were one of the last people that got the free pizzas. Seriously, we each got different pizzas and tasted all of them. I'm really big into good pizza and this is very very good. Seasoned well, cooked well, and very fast. They flash it in the oven so it's out in about 2 minutes. 
The inside looks great too, it's all black and white themed and tables long and big enough for a few dozen people. 
Overall experience: 9.7/10&pizza may be one of the best new additions to the counter service food options in Philly. 
First off, the pizza is amazing. Totally customizable for whatever your tastes may be. All of the ingredients are top notch and everything is super fresh. 
Secondly, it's so fast. So so fast. Similar to how Pizza Hut makes those personal pan pizzas, but obviously 400x better than Pizza Hut. 
Finally, the staff is engaged and interested and the prices are reasonable! 
Love this place. Too bad eating pizza everyday is probably not the best idea.OH MY GOD BEST PIZZA PLACE EVER!!!!!!! 
local business, super fresh, super delicious... fast pizza! OUTSTANDING people working. i had a little hiccup with my order and the manager Sam fixed it immediately -- went out of his way and so much more ! i can't thank the kind workers enough. i wish i took a picture of my fantastic pizza. i ordered the moonstruck and the farmer's daughter. MmmmMmM. i was sharing with 2 other people and it was gobbled up in minutes. amazing mint tea too! i wish i got to try their cereal milk cream soda! i work around the corner and i will definitely choose &pizza over other pizza places nearby. 
also -- coolest interior design and light design outside!Love the pizza but what's even more impressive is their use of a separate slicer for vegetarian pizzas! How cool is that?!?  Can't tell you how often I see meat contaminants fall off a dirty slicer. Not at &Pizza!  Every other pizzaria should take note and model their food handling after &Pizza!Very cool atmosphere and modern take on flat bread pizza , they offer regular doe as well as Gluten free and you can build your own pizza or select one of the ones on the menu , they also  craft sodas as fountain drink options( Angie passion fruit, ginger berry lemonade, pear+gig elixir,etc) reallycool staff is definitely comeback .Went here late night, wasn't impressed. Was able to make my own pizza but at the end of it, i wasn't happy with how much it cost based on what i had gotten. Plenty of other late night spots that are much better, hard pass on this place. Which is something considering I literally live a block away. And it's pretty empty most of the time, day and night. Can't wait for this place to close and get replaced by someplace better.My favorite pizza in the city. I had it for the 1st time in DC it was so good. I'm glad it's one in Philly. 
I get the OG with spicy sauce mixed in and added pepperoni. The dough is chewy and the crust is crunchy.Fancy pizza. Chipotle for pizza is a good assessment. Very modern and clean restaurant with tons of seating. Great service, very friendly staff. You can either order pre-selected toppings or build your own for about $10. The service is very fast, and after you pick your toppings, it goes in a small conveyor belt oven and heats up in about a minute. The pizza is an oval shape, thin crust, and very tasty. Drink-wise there is a selection of craft soda, but none of it really stood out. In addition, there is sparkling water and iced tea. The black cherry cola just reminded me of cherry coke. 
My only suggestion is chopping up the basil. Not feeling the full on leaves and just picking it apart yourself.While the inside of this restaurant is designed so that it looks very inviting (bright lights, lots of white, simple), that's almost all that it has going for it. The oval shaped pizza is a nice touch that gives it something unique, but I feel that the restaurant relies too much on the aesthetic appeal of its interior, menu, and pizzas, rather than the taste. Not to say that their taste is bad (it's pretty good), but their size (slightly smaller than most) and selection of toppings (not as varied as most) makes it hard to justify the price (~$10). That said, they do have a good variety of bases and meats. 
If you're looking for a make-your-own pizza place, check out SNAP pizza nearby.I'm originally from the DMV so my first experience going to &pizza was in Virginia. Thank goodness for that or else I would have only had this horrible experience to base the company off of. My girlfriend, friends, and myself all went here tonight and the place was empty. Despite this fact, the employees seemed very disorganized and confused. It honestly felt like it was their first day on the job. They were very stingy with the toppings compared to the more established Virginia location I had been to. The man who I assume to be the manager literally just stood there laughing while these blind baby deer of employees stumbled over their tasks. I sat down to eat my pizza and needed a side of ranch. So I go back to the beginning of the assembly line because there were no customers there and two employees who were just standing around chatting told me I needed to go to the end of the line to ask differently people for the ranch, where a group of folks were waiting to pay for their pizzas. I'm not sure if they felt they weren't up to the task to squirt some ranch into a bottle or that it was below them. Either way it was rude. Then when it was time to leave I went to the counter to request a box and there were NO employees in site. Not a single one. Around five minutes later three of them popped out from a back room. Needless to say the pizza was almost as good as it was in the DMV but the customer service is absolutely terrible and cannot be compared to the DMV. I suggest making some changes to how this store is being run.Really cool and trendy place with modern music. The staff is really friendly and funny. 
Each pizza will be announced in a style like a barker at the market.
Price and quality are really reasonable. I ordered a pineapple jack pizza which was delicious. I live close to &pizza and will be definitively not my last visit.
It is a place which I will recommend to friends and co-workers.
Nice place!Amazing! Excellent service, great quality! It's always great to walk in, and everyone is always smiling! It make the food taste better.Moonstruck  we've been eating at &pizza in DC for awhile and were so excited when we found out they were opening one up in philly! We usually go on Sunday afternoons, and it's never crazy busy. Service is quick and the food is delicious and affordable. It can be a little overwhelming the first time you go because there are just SO many options, but once you figure out what you want, you'll love it forever.First visit last night, as we were heading towards Suburban Station to head back to the 'burbs. Nicely lit storefront, makes this place easy to find. They were closing in approx. 20 minutes, but they were ready to get us in and out the door with a smile. Place was immaculate. Some amazing creative options for their "hits" menu, or you can easily create your own with fresh topping right in front of you. I went with their "American Honey", which had spicy tomato, mozzarella, pepperoni, arugula, red pepper flakes, goat cheese, and hot honey drizzle. The flavor combinations were fantastic and it was served to me piping hot in just a few minutes. Very affordable for the size (oval) pizza you get. This could easily feed 2 people if you find the ability to share. After one bite, you may not want to :) 
Highly recommend.Amazing place, amazing team, amazing management. And the pizza is divine. Perfect pizza place if you like to overload your pizza like me.! Would give you 7 stars if it was an option keep up the good work!!Pizza was quick and delicious!  I ordered the Moonstruck with a little bit of red sauce on the side and it was great. One pizza is definitely personal size as I did not have any problems finishing one on my own.I ordered online the second day they opened, selecting a time  1/2 hour after I ordered.  When I arrived, I was told they were just sent the order and I would have to wait. The manager (?) was very apologetic and I attributed this to needing to get the kinks out. There was a very long line.  The pizza itself was delicious.  I ordered online again today, this time selecting a time 45 minutes in advance. This time, my pizza was ready
 In fact when I got home, a block away, it was ice cold 
 Apparently, it had been made within a few minutes of receiving the order without checking the pickup time. They only had a few customers, so they could have waited to prepare my pizza . Being given a cold pizza is not acceptable.  I can't say how this  pizza is, because it's heating up in the oven.Delicious food and a very nice atmosphere. David who helped us was hilarious and made the experience that much better.Thank you yelp reviewers for sending this place to the top of my search for pizza in center city!! Originally planning on Pizzeria Vetri, which was closed for a private event, we decided to try this rather than cross broad to Nomad. So. Glad. We. Did. The setup initially felt a bit like a sad Chipotle for pizza, but when those babies came out of the oven it was like heaven in my mouth. I highly recommend the mushroom one, there's some sort of magic in that sauce. Maybe a tad pricey for something that just got rolled under a broiler, but not outrageous for center city. The elongated shapes also make it feel like you're getting a lot for your money. Will def return.We ordered from Caviar and now my husband and I are addicted. SO FRICKING GOOD! We've tried every single pizza and haven't been disappointed. Moonstruck is our absolute favorite. Total game changer...if you're looking for gourmet pizza for a great price, look no further.Great place to eat! Non GMO, gluten free option,  which i love! Jumping place to eat when in town.Birthday Pizza Party.
I called the restaurant and immediately got a hold of the manager (David).  He was able to reserve a table for my party of 20 people at 8PM on a Friday night.  They were very accommodating and couldn't be happier with my experience.  I also learned that it is BYOB!!!
...and as always....the food was amazing!
:)Great pizza, your design, one price. Simple and delicious!
Very kid friendly with vegetarian and gluten free options.I love &pizza! Highly recommend the salad pizza and their unsweetened lemongrass iced tea! Always a perfect meal and they consistently have great service and a delicious product. Their app makes ordering a breeze and you're in and out in no time although eating in makes for some great people watching when you eat by the window.This is my favorite pizza place!!! All the staff were very welcoming and made my experience one not to forget!!!! Definitely recommend this pizza!!!!I ordered from this place while working a weekend (FMLLLL) with a colleague that was very aggressive with the topping choices. We were not in the mood for some bullshit cheese pizza, oh no siree. 
We made the natural decision of ordering 2 pizzas to split. My vegetarianism combined with hatred of onions and mushrooms narrowed the playing field somewhat. The gnarlic looked too appealing to pass up with grilled ricotta (grilled? what on earth?) mozzarella (not grilled? curious) NO onions (but usually grilled) basil pesto, garlic oil, and parm. 
For our second choice, we harnessed our creative side and made our own. Ancient grain bread (less glycemic index than traditional), spicy tomato sauce, mozzarella, jalapeno, roasted pepper, spinach, and spicy chickpeas. We also went wild and threw in the VEGAN BEEF option. Nice. For finishing touches we did olives and banana peppers. 
Food came in a reasonable amount of time. There was actually a fire alarm going off in our building which prevented the delivery person (caviar) from gaining access to our location. We ultimately met up with them outside.
Pizza was delicious. I went for the build our own first and it was amazing, just the perfect amount of spice. Of course toppings spilled all over me while I was attempting to eat it and simultaneously juggle the phone and computer mouse. By the time I got to the gnarlic it was like an ice cube in terms of temperature which seriously detracted from the experience but it tasted good regardless. Needless to say it would have been much more enjoyable had it been warm.
I'd for sure order from here again. Only issue is the size, 1 pizza might not be adequate if you're a binge-eater on my level.
Interestingly enough, I met up with someone I know for happy hour the following day. He told me there was this great pizza place he went to where you could legit put on a million toppings and any toppings you want for the same price. He couldn't remember what the name was and my google maps investigation into the street he said it was on was coming up empty. He sudden said, "&PIZZA! THAT'S WHAT IT IS!" Well, what do you know?This pizza spot is the coolest. The interior is very attractive: it has nice high ceilings and sleek decor. So it's obviously the best for taking cute Instagram photos, which is what I always do. 
For people who are obsessed with insta worthy pizzas, this is for you. If you're just a basic round pizza pie kind of person than this won't be your cup of tea. You can choose from the pre made pizza flavors, or be on the adventurous side and create your own. I created my own pizza with mozzarella,spinach, chicken, basil ricotta sauce, and a drizzle of pesto sauce. It was delicious, and very easy to share considering the way it was cut. 
I also got the cereal milk soda and the cereal milk cookie. The soda just tasted like cream soda at first but the aftertaste faintly reminded me of lucky charms which was really cool. I would love to come back here and experiment with different pizza combinations.I thought it was a bit pricy for pizza but MO picked this one out - and boy was it worth it! MO got mozzarella / tomato basil and I got the spinach /artichoke. And they were awesome! Delivery was faster than expected 
Loved the design on the box.It's okay. Snap is better in my experience. They also keep the red pepper behind the counter. What is that even about?Artistic design and you get to make your own pizza. Great location and affordable prices for a nice dining experience.Great pizza, phenomenal service. Both will bring me back. Far and above a better pizza and experience than anything else around.This place has the absolute worst service. You should be ashamed of how you treat the public. Simply asked for arugula and this employee placed TWO SINGLE leaves on my pizza. What am i supposed to do with two pieces of arugula? Can someone answer this wonder for me??? The lady on the register (a young red haired woman) was SCREAMING for customers to move forward. I understand you are working late. But seriously? You have THAT bad of an attitude (ALL OF THE EMPLOYEES WORKING THIS PARTICULAR SHIFT FOR SOME REASON?) working during the late hours of the night? Extremely disappointed and don't plan on returning. The employee was cutting people off and not listening. I was seriously so excited about trying this place bc I've heard so much about it. Hopefully this location can get their stuff together to be more polite and with more manners. Not a good look to have a completely full staff with absolutely  NO proper etiquette. Who trained this group???? Very confused.Seriously, this place has it all! I've had &pizza twice now, but a friend invited me here for a pizza party and this was my first experience at the restaurant.
First off, the music in &pizza is solid, good for groups and it just promotes a good time. The staff was friendly and represented the place well.
Now for the pizzas. They're all flat crusts, so you won't feel too full. We got the OG, Moonstruck, Farmers Daughter (breakfast pizza), Maverick, Gnarlic and Pineapple Jack. They were all delicious, but for me the Moonstruck and Gnarlic were far and away my favorites.
The Moonstruck pizza, with caramelized onions, garlic, ricotta, mushrooms and balsamic was one I could not put down. I'm a huge fan of mushrooms and onions, and anyone else who is will undoubtedly love this pizza!
Next was the Gnarlic. Filled with parmesan, mozzarella and ricotta cheese, surprisingly the best part of this pizza was the pesto sauce on it, I just wish they put more on it! 
I have to say &pizza really has some eclectic pizza options and I can't wait to come back!Michael is a very kind efficient and great service. The Lori Lane was especially delicious!!!This franchise is definitely my favorite pizza franchise. I first discovered them when I was in DC and have been going back to DC for their pizza. When I heard they were opening here, I was ecstatic! 
I've been coming here since they opened but i noticed that the employees seem like they don't like their jobs. In DC, they were super friendly and accommodating. 
The pizzas are still great and the farmers daughter is my go too! I'm a sucker for the sunny side up egg on my pizza. The fountain drunks are different and definitely something to try! Don't be afraid to get the toppings and sauces at the end, it makes a world of a difference.Awesome pizza even more awesome employees!! Always accommodating to special requests. Restaurant is always super clean. Favorite pizza in the city!Ive been waiting for someone to kill the fast casual pizza game since Chipotle did the same for the burrito. I can 100% say &pizza has done it. Create your own pizza in under 5 minutes for about $10...are you kidding me? Seriously? Why is this the first time I'm seeing this done? 
I am a huge fan of all things runny yolk, so I had to try the Farmer's Daughter! It's a really great rendition of a breakfast pizza with sausage, the most beautiful fresh mozz you've ever laid your eyes on, runny yolk, spinach and some hot sauce! While I'm more of a thick crust kind of girl, the thin crispy crust was done really well and this flavor combo was top notch. It looks like its going to be a lot of pizza when you first get it, but I comfortably finished the whole thing without hating myself so the portion is perfect. Overall, really great fast casual pizza, can't wait to go back and create my own next time!!!Only $9.75 for a make your own pizza! This is the same price as their specialty pizzas. You can put as many toppings as you want (except the shrimp which is extra) and even do a half and half pizza. They make it fresh and it only takes about 5 minutes. Shared this meal with a friend and I was full from eating less than 1/2 the pie. The service was good. Asked the worker lots of questions and she was extremely nice and informative.Went to &Pizza and ordered the Farmers Daughter. The staff was friendly, speedy and happy to adjust my topics. Wasn't my first trip and will be back! Thank you &Pizza!There are a lot of pizza places in Philly and traditional is not my favorite, I discovered &pizza one day on my break and I love it, you can switch it up with unlimited toppings and they have a strong staff to get me in and out during lunch rush. Stop by and you won't be disappointed!I love that they have such good vegan options - the spicy chickpeas were definitely a winner!This place is clutch. I work around the corner and I know that when I need something quick and delicious, I can go to &Pizza! Always had a great experience and the staff is quick and friendly. Never bought a pizza I didn't finish in one sitting! Will keep coming back and will continue to tell my friends.They have great pizza and service. I went there at 2am pretty wasted, and they were so nice. I wish they had a tip jar.Awesome place for a nice personal pie. There's tons of different toppings and sauces available and the pre set pizzas are amazing too. Highly recommend the white pie. They have some unusual sodas available which is pretty cool. Definitely my go to for good pizza in phillyThis place is the bomb.com! End of story. There's nothing bad to say about this place at all. Go and find out for yourself!!Pizzas are amazing here! You can have as many toppings as you want for a single price of 10.50 including tax. I usually get the Moonstruck which is mushroom based!Went here over the weekend. Menu definitely looked like it had several interesting vegetarian/vegan options. Absolutely loved the choices and the pizzas. Really liked the idea of being able to put together your own pizza. Options were clearly marked as vegetarian or vegan and pizzas were custom made. Also, the beverages had interesting flavors and definitely very good. Highly recommend in the Philly area.Super friendly service, fast and fresh. Great options for everyone vegan included... great flavors. Clean and bright...cute boxes to carry out. Plus they sale reusable bag for 1.50..Just tried the American Honey for my lunch this afternoon and it was awesome. It was spicy and just a little sweet which couples well with all of the original soda flavors. The staff were very helpful and polite while I tried to figure out which flavor I wanted. Next time I'm back in Phili I will stop in again.very nice pizza; very fresh ingredients. You can add all the ingredients that you want!!! and a very nice choice of natural drinks!!!!Ok, so in all honesty I was very skeptical about eating this pizza. It just seemed like a weird process and cooked too quickly to possibly taste good. Additionally, I do have a personal connection to this place with a family member working for &pizza, another reason I didn't want to really invest...I wanted to remain biased in my opinion. 
With all that said, I finally said, screw it, go try it out. The result, not dissapointed at all in fact very satisfied. The Pineapple Jack was my adventure. I chose this cause I loved pineapple pizza as a kid and wanted to dive into nostalgia. I got that plus some extra flavors that made my mouth very happy. The red onion and cherry bomb bbq make this a totally unique version of pineapple pizza we are all so used to.
Overall: good vibe, quick, easy, flavorful, customizable, delicious and fairly priced
Will definitely visit again!Great place to grab n' go or for a casual pizza grubbin' with friends. Great atmosphere with good tunes. Perfect location with dessert just across the street - Max Brenner. Quality food, quality place. Highly recommend.Great pizza, but what always stands out for me about this place is the service. Especially for a casual dining spot. Everyone is very friendly, helpful, and seems genuinely happy to be here. Today I was helped by two wonderful individuals named Antonio and Trevee. My pizza was phenomenal, but their smiles and attitudes put a wonderful finishing touch on my experience!Came here for the first time tonight and will absolutely be back again. Everyone working was friendly and fast- my husband ordered one of the set menu pizzas while I made my own. Both were delicious, and I loved the ability to load up my pizza with tons of veggies. Highly recommend for a quick, delicious meal.This place got me through college, best pizza place around. The customization here is better than any other, you can get exactly what you want on your pizza and it's all the same price no matter what you get. The sodas are all amazing, my favorite is dark cherry cola.This was a great place to frequent when i got tired of BlackBirds barely and toppings pizza...The last few times I've been to this location 2 employees made me feel very unwelcome when i spoke asking how are you she made it her business raise her voice and ask me again as to you say don't worry about how I'm doin what to you want on your pizza then she seemed irritated when i asked for more toppings..Go apply for a job you want if you hate dealing with the public i won't be goin her againThe pizza here is delicious and I think it's def worth the price! The garlic pizza had too many onions in my opinion, I literally picked them all off lol, but it still tasted good. The classic one is my go to, you I can never go wrong with it. Also there's plentyyy of seating here, and it's usually always empty!This is a nice casual place to grab pizza and has plenty of seating.  I tried the moonstruck pizza.  I wanted a touch of meat so I asked for meat to be added and just to experiment, I asked for cherry tomatoes and arugula to be added on half of it. I like the thin crust and it's not super pricey (about $9 for a pizza). Surprisingly it's super easy to chow down. I'm not a huge eater but I felt like I could have easily chowed down the whole thing.
There's plenty of seating, some picnic-table style and others with real chairs. It's a casual environment but a nice place to grab a bite with friends or family.Self-proclaimed pizza snob here, and I approve of &pizza. Fun to customize (and it's the same price as the regular selections), and the crust is thin (no deep dish here). We made a custom pizza with the mushroom sauce base and put everyone single veggie on it and topped it with mushrooms, arugula and parm. It looked so good that a nice man stopped and asked us which pizza it was on the menu! One is enough to split for a reasonably sized dinner if you're into the whole self-control thing, but I could also house one of these in less than 2 minutes after 12 am. The decision is yours!I don't come here enough, but I love it. Good size for a personal pizza, good toppings, classic and basic options as well as some unique options. 
They also have gluten free and whole grain options which I love. 
Location is central and on Friday and Saturday it's open late night so you can get some pizza when you're drunk aka what I did last night!!!
Staff is nice, lots of seating, reasonably priced! I'm in. Highly recommend.YUMMY I went there today for the 1st time and it is Amazeballs. They have long pizzas with awesome toppings for a decent price. I got the Farmers Daughter its like a Brunch Pizza with eggs on it and GOAT Cheese which is my favorite. I will be telling others about this place. Each Pizza is hand made and put on a Baking rack each time. All ingredients are fresh and you can also make your own Pizza for the same price.For the past few years, I've listened to my DC friends (especially my vegetarian/vegan friends) rave about &pizza, so I was pretty psyched to see one open up in Philly. Since the first time I went last month, I've become addicted and really make just about any excuse to go. The "moonstruck" mushroom pizza is just incredible - there is something about the combination of sauteed mushrooms, creamy ricotta, caramelized onions, and a sweet balsamic drizzle that just keeps reeling me back. 
The space has a lot of seating and a very open layout, with communal tables that can easily accommodate larger parties. Each pizza comes with 8 "slices" - we usually order two pizzas between three people, which comes out to a reasonable $7-8 per person. The pizzas are made reasonably quickly - it takes about 5 minutes to order, choose toppings, and pay, then another 5-10 minutes or so for the pizza to be baked and prepped to serve.
My only caveat that I can't wrap my head around is that the place has plastic cups and an option on the soda machine for water, but they won't give you a cup for water and instead direct you to their artisan bottles of water and artisan bottles of teas/juices if you want a non-soda drink option. (The selection of house-made sodas are pretty fun though.) Also, to me, the crust always tastes a bit flat, as if the dough didn't have enough time to proof, though that is perhaps more of a personal preference - and one that I'll gladly overlook in favor of the delicious and diet restriction-friendly toppings options, fairly fast service, and convenient location.I was first introduced to &Pizza in Virginia. Last year during the Yelp Halloween party, I was happy to have learned that &Pizza opened up in Philly. 
I came in last night with 3 of my girlfriends after a night of dancing. I was so happy to have found out this place is open after hours. It was the perfect late night meal to share amongst ourselves. We ordered 2 different pizzas - both were good but we unanimously agreed the gnarlic sauce and basil pesto sauce provided a lot of flavor. 
I would come back to try more.We ordered the "OG done right" more like the "og gone bad " 90 seconds later our pizza pops out of the  oven off onto the conveyor belt. One of the staff asked us if we'd like salt pepper olive oil and basil we said sure and then I said is that the basil? It's wilted dead and dried out is it dried basil or fresh ? She replied fresh so we opted out on that one. The overall quality of the pizza was a real beauty.  Dry , flavorless and bland a Celeste grocery store pizza has more cheese on it for a buck. Will not return.i had a very good experience in university city but this location has people that don't give a shit. they tell you they ran out of dough. even when they are literally making pizzas for their own homes to take after their work shifts. they force you out of the building when it's fucking 20 degrees outside. 
and you know what's crazy?
the girls and guys in &pizza laughed at us because we were waiting outside. they pointed at us and they laughed at us. today is thursday 12/6 so please check who was on shift then. they were both black american (?). 
we got in our lyft. but we were freezing. and &pizza is corrupted by careless workers.OMG, where have you been my entire life?? I'm not even sure why I haven't checked this place out sooner. Place is nice and big and very clean. Came in right at opening so there was no line at all. Ordered 3 different types of pizza to split between a few of us.
American honey - Oh man, I want to go back today just for this. The spicyness balanced with the sweetness and bitterness of the cheese was to die for. I loved every bite.
Maverick - This is the meat-lovers dream. It was plentiful and packed with loads of toppings.
Big Caesar - this was pretty good too. Its basically having a Caesar salad with some breadsticks (except, you're eating it together)
For anyone that is very picky on toppings, you can also customize your own as well. I do highly recommend going with some of their suggestions though (try something new, why don't ya!)This place is by far the BEST place to get pizza! The freshest ingredients, the nicest staff ever. I wish I could give it more stars their sodas taste like sparkling fruit water, so delicious!!! Definitely check it out.I came here tonight after multiple people who live in my building down the street have tried this pizza place and really like their pizza me how much they enjoy it!  I tried the thin crust, make your own pizza so I got the wheat or multi grain crust with marinara, cheese, chicken, meatballs, some pineapple and final last toppings, the arugula and basil added a lot of flavor!  I thought it was very tasty and I enjoyed it, I ate my pizza in one sitting and I would return.  I'm definitely a fan of thin crust pizza, I love Slice's pizza in CC and Jules Thin Crust in the burbs so I really enjoyed the pizza, but here are my suggestions as to how to improve things:  
Offer diet or low calorie soft drinks or other beverages in addition to the current beverage options 
$13 for a personal pizza and a bottle of water isn't bad but I would want to come back sooner if it were closer to $10, that's what I'd pay at Slice 
The customer service could have been better- a smile and enthusiasm goes a long way and that was lacking here today...
Okay- if you're going to charge extra for adding shrimp, don't charge $4 extra!  That's a bit too much, give a better deal, if you did, I would have ordered the shrimp topping but it was a little pricey.
All in all, not a bad deal!  I won't hesitate to come back, or order delivery.  Good neighborhood pizza joint!  I hope my next experience has me coming back to give 5 stars because the pizza is worthy of 5 stars!I work across the street and after eyeing the place for a long time, I finally treated myself to &Pizza! 
First of all, the two guys working were super nice and greeted everyone with a smile and upbeat attitude. Good customer service goes a long way.
I ordered the "gnarlic" pizza. Their personal size pizza is just enough. You can add whatever toppings you wish for basically no additional cost.
I'd say the price is pretty standard for the quality of food you're getting. around $10 plus tax.
All in all, this is a great establishment for if you want something to go, or to eat in. Won't break the bank (or your waist line!).What a great concept - Custom made fresh pizza, premium ingredients and cooked for you in just 5 minutes. 
The process starts with your fresh dough, pick your toppings or select one of the pre-set options, watch the pizza move through a special conveyor belt oven and pay roughly $10 regardless of how many toppings you pick. This process takes about 5 minutes (assuming your not waiting in a line to order). 
The result - a gourmet style pizza that you would normally expect from a high-end sit down pizzeria without the wait and at half the cost. Just take a look at the pictures on Yelp. 
If I heard this process without seeing / tasting the end result myself, I would probably think of the failed McDonald's fast food pizza. Definitely no the case here, @Pizza perfected the fast food pizza. 
And I love the pizza. I normally get the "OG" made with fresh mozzarella balls, fresh basil, cherry tomato's and rich olive oil. I add meatballs and this is the perfect pizza for me. 
I first had this in Washington where the line to order went outside the front door. Luckily, the Philadelphia location is much larger without the crazy lines. 
If you love pizza, you need to try &Pizza right away. The rare trifecta - amazing food, fast/good service and at a great price. As far as I know, the chain is only in 6-7 cities in the US. 
Highly recommended
BKIt's Littt!!! Lol The best I'm so glad I found this spot. They have their own signature style pizza's or you can create your own!! Oh and their open real late so when your done at the club and craving pizza you just go here ..My Maverick pizza (xtra meat) was dlish as always. 
Big Dave is The Man! Ck out &Pizza 4 the best pizza n town.The best.....the manager has been awesome both times I had an issue with my order. My favorite pizza shop in Center City.Delicious what u waiting for made to order hot 
Airy crust soft but able to support its toppings fresh ingredients&PIZZA. Great place. Was at the VIP opening lastnight. Hung out with Mike Lastora(CEO), David Tress(GM) and a bunch of other nice ppl celebrating this new establishment to the Philly area. Guess i shouldn't leave out the pizza. Pretty much had a taste of all available. However The Maverick (Meat Lovers) was a hit with me. Must admit i was surprised that i liked The Elvis. But don't take my word for it stop by &PIZZA to taste and see for yourself.I love this place! It is always my go to when I am down in the city. I love that you can add all of the toppings you want to your pizza. I am a vegetarian so it's great that they have vegan beef and vegan cheese! I also love all of their artisan sodas. They are so unique! The vibe in the store is great as well. The staff and management are always very helpful and nice. I definitely recommend this place to all of my friends!The look and feel of the shop was enticing, so we decided to try it out. The food and service reeled us in. The fresh toppings, gluten free and vegan choices, and friendly service made our experience phenomenal. Dave behind the counter was extremely happy and his energy carried to the other employees. They did a great job keeping the dining room clean during the Mummers Day Parade rush. Great service paired with a pleasing aesthetic made for an incredible lunch. 10/10 would come back and recommend to a friend.Had a late dinner here after seeing an orchestra. Build your own pizza is a very interesting concept. The pizza cooked very quickly and the taste is pretty good. Wish I've asked for more toppings.& pizza's food is absolutely amazing with an outstanding staff to match. I will continue to visit at least twice a week!!I am so happy they opened a &pizza in Philly, I've frequented the locations in DC and crave this pizza on a regular basis.  Good thing they're open till 3am on Fri/Sat!
Depending on what time you go, the line can be a bit long (especially after everyone gets out of the local bars,) but it moves along decently fast.
I always opt for the "Build Your Own Pizza" [$9.49] (Pizza is a bit over a foot long)
This place is basically Chipotle style pizza, where you can see all the ingredients right in front of you and build your own pizza.  The crust is thin, which allows the pizza to be baked so fast when it runs through their conveyer belt.  You can choose as many toppings as you want.  I always load my pizza up with tons of different meat/veggies and top it off with some chili oil at the end.
The ingredients are all premium quality, no matter what combinations I choose, my pizza always ends up tasting fantastic.
They also have a bunch of uniquely flavored craft sodas on tap, even now they currently have Milk Cereal Milk flavored soda.Pretty Tasty. It's best to eat it at the restaurant because once the heat is gone it needs to be reheated in order to have the same effect.This review is specifically for their gluten free pizza. It's awful. The toppings and cheese were cold and the crust was hard as a rock. They were unapologetic about it and literally said that's the way their gluten free pizzas are because otherwise the crust would burn ... I gave them a second chance about a month later and had the exact same issue. Go to SNAP Pizza Kitchen a block away. Infinitely better GF pizza.Really great pizza, they'll get the kinks ironed out! I stopped in to try this new pizza joint yesterday and the concept is perfect for the location and city, 9.49$ for whatever you want on your pizza with real fresh ingredients. The staff was all super friendly, and there was a lot of them (as there always is on an opening day) which I think led to my particular mishap.  I ordered a Hawaiian jack pie with mushrooms and everything looked great coming out of the oven (they show you your pizza when it comes out of the oven) then some more staff showed up to Slice the pies and I ended up getting handed a cheese pizza (in my Togo box) My bad for not checking it, so I made it a block before I couldn't wait to see it anymore and my Hawaiian was cheese! Bummer. Went back and they quickly whipped me up a new one and off I went. 
It's for sure a 5 star quick serve pizza place (my little mishap happens) but I'll update my review when I try some of the other pizzas on the menu!