Great sushi place! My boyfriend and I went for Valentine's day and had an excellent dinner. We're used to ordering several rolls, and we did not anticipate how large the rolls would be (they're pretty large). Everything was delicious. Neither of us tried sake before, and the waiter was very helpful with suggestions. I decided I am not a sake fan, but I was happy to give it a try. 
Beyond the food, the restaurant has a fun atmosphere! I highly recommend this restaurant.I expected better. Based on other reviews I was willing to go with higher prices in exchange for some really good sushi, but honestly it was disappointing. The money part is not even really a factor in my review since I was there on business expenses.
The interior of the restaurant is very nice and the menu seemed interesting. I had no problems with the service, as others have reported. Immediately as I was seated I was asked if I wanted a drink and it was brought over immediately. After ordering, my sushi came about as quick as I would have expected anywhere else.
I ordered three rolls (I'm a big eater) - the rainbow roll, soft shell crab roll and "dark horse" roll, which was a eel based roll that was deep fried. Presentation on all the rolls was very nice. The dark horse roll was advertised as having a spicy sauce drizzled on it, but to be honest it was just flat and bland - not much flavor at all. In fact, none of the rolls had much flavor. Even the wasabi seemed bland - I dumped the entire dollop into the soy sauce. I started getting the feeling that maybe my taste buds died, but I verified that they were still in working order afterwards with some dessert elsewhere.
I don't visit Philly that much, but I'm pretty sure if and when I do return I won't be in a big hurry to come back to this place.Went to a party in their hidden outdoor space. Hard to find outdoor spaces in Philly. You walk through a doorway between buildings, and the space opens up in the middle of the block. Great vibe. The sushi was pretty good, with interesting drink specials.I have been to raw twice, and both times I was only at the bar. The bartenders are great. They were helpful, and attentive. Their sushi was good, but a little overpriced for what it was. I had fun but I wouldn't come back for a meal.The place has a great atmosphere and ambiance. It's a modern looking contemporary style restaurant.Perfect for dates.
The food was very good. I had a green tea,  which tasted very good!
To eat we got some Makis. A Black Horse and a Salmon one. The black horse is pretty big and is made with eel! I loved the taste! 
The price was fair for a japanese restaurant trendy like this. 
If you stay with the Makis you won't spend as much as some of the reviews say.  
Overall, the experience we had was very pleasant. The only side note is that the tables might be too close to each other and can break the privacy a bit.This is a review of their happy hour only. I've never eaten dinner there and the plates that were being passed around to some of the tables looked pretty decent, so maybe the food there is actually really good. 
I went there with a friend right before going to see a show, and we ordered one of each of the four happy hour food specials to try. We got four of the tiniest California rolls I have ever seen for $3, which was not a deal by any means since you can normally get 8 pieces for $6....Same with the spicy tuna roll. The steamed shrimp shumai were each about the size of a Rollo candy and had no actual chunks of shrimp in them, and the pork gyoza tasted like deep fried versions of the Trader Joe's gyoza at $1 per bite. Pretty disappointing to say the least...
My friend liked her Pink Bubbly, which tasted pretty refreshing, but we also couldn't taste any alcohol in it. Needless to say, we won't be back for happy hour ever again.Really terrific sushi. Served fresh and with great presentation, Raw has a pretty decent sized menu, and the chefs are always accommodating when it comes to tweaking rolls. It is a bit on the expensive side, but that is expected of a trendy Center-City restaurant. My only real gripe is that the service can be lacking at times, usually during the weekends when the place is packed. But even that is easily forgiveable, given the top of the line eats.Visiting Philly for a friend's birthday & she had plans of going to the Mexican restaurant down the street. We show up at 6:30 to the Mexican spot and it quickly becomes clear that there was a misunderstanding regarding reservations & were now out a plan for my friend's 10 person birthday dinner. The entirety of the street is expectedly filled up with waits & reservations. We're screwed..... we start walking towards a bigger street when we lose some of our group that accidentally went the wrong way. Thank god they did because soon my friend calls and says 1222Raw or whatever the name of this place is was able to accommodate us. We were nervous walking over but the second we step foot into the beautiful entryway everyone's stress went away. We waited for about 20 minutes and then got sat in the back room where we were able to share one long table and have lots of privacy-- turned out better than we could've expected! Alex was our server and he was friendly and patient with our hungry group, and went thru his favorite cocktails several times for those of us who were indecisive. Our group split the table so half of us split a bunch of small plates and the other half ordered for themselves. Alex was happy to create two separate checks which saved us a lot of time and effort when paying. Cocktails were yummy and strong, food was flavorful (pork gyoza & pork belly buns were awesome apps and the fried rice ROCKED.) They even brought the birthday girl fried green tea ice cream at the end of our meal (one of my friends said that they had run out of candles and went to buy some just for this!!!) Honestly so grateful we stumbled across this place & I would definitely recommend it for large groups. Thank you to the staff for making my friend's birthday dinner easy & special!!!!This was my second time at Raw and I have to say I will not be coming back. We ordered the Royal Sushi, which was a combo of sushi and sashimi. The rolls were decent, but overall the quality and freshness of the fish was not great. Maybe it was because we went on a Monday, but the fish was definitely not the freshest.  Although the service and ambience was nice, we will definitely be checking out other sushi places in the city.I loved this place! The staff were friendly, the food was good. Great happy hour menu. What else can I say? This is a must stop by the next time I am in town. There were other places in town. I'm glad we chose here.Food was decent (i've had WAY better), but the service was what ruined it all. 
I dont know if they were just seriously understaffed or the staffing that they do have currently just sucks. Everything is a wait. We waited nearly 20 minutes before they even took our orders. And when they finally did take our orders it took forever to even get a plate of sushi! It's just sushi! It should not take that long. I would understand if the restaunt was packed, but that was not the case.
I wouldnt recommend anyone going here unless they enjoy nice decor and that's it. That's all they really have to offer. Would i return again? Probably not.Was there this past saturday for dinner and the meal was alright but nothing to rave about.  The inside is to cramped and all of the tables are basically touching each other(except for the booths).  Reminded me of an italian byob in that way and i wasnt really into it as i want to talk to my wife and not have to listen to the people next to us complain about how their groupon tasting menu wasnt accepted because they didnt mention it when they made the reservation.  Edamame was good and a big portion (just wish they added mixed the salt in as opposed to the ones on the top only having it).  Spicy tuna was good, eel and avocado was lacking flavor as there was very little eel.  The beef stir fry udon noodles were not very good.  Beef was seriously overcooked.  Decent meal but there are definitely better places to go in the area.I go here for lunch and I LOVE the lunch special. The amount of food that you get is insane especially considering it costs around $14. The staff is alright; it's been good sometimes and poor other times. I love the atmosphere and that they have an outside patio for more pleasant days.Tried this place on a whim, but the food was terrible. The edamame tasted like it just came out of the freezer, the spicy tuna rolls were all spicy mayo and almost no tuna, the chicken in the chicken teriyaki was rough and difficult to chew, and the broccoli was cold. The rice was okay, but how hard is it to get rice correct? Will never go backOK sushi place in Center City with a cool vibe. 
Ambiance: 
1225Raw has a low-key, relaxed vibe. The lounge is dark with some nice accents like the cartoony menus and the red napkins which greet you at your seat. Different in a good way. 
Food:
The sushi here is pretty good. Won't blow your mind but it will tame any sushi cravings you might have. Spicy mayo has a great kick. 
Drink:
One of the few places I can find Sapporo on draft which is a big plus! Cocktails are fun and tasty. The restaurant has a small Sake selection as can be expected. No real wine list but doesn't surprise me given the casual atmosphere. 
Service:
Service is where 1225Raw struggles. While the hostess seated us promptly, she did not offer to take our coats of attempt to make any conversation. Our waiter, while nice, was not very attentive. My beer sat empty for several minutes before I had to motion for a refill. The worst offense, however, is that when he brought me my order of the Chefs choice sushi he walked away before even explaining what he had served me! 
Value:
This is a safe bet for affordable sushi in Center City, however the service is not up to par for a sit-down restaurant.Sushi was good, a little fishy.  Donburi was amazing. Highly recommend. Back room had great atmosphere, nice place for a date night. Proportion in the Uni bowl was nice. Also made a mean dirty martiniA great little hidden spot on Sansom, squeezed in between numerous Irish bars. My friends and I spent the night hanging out in their little outdoor space which was very comfy and well attended by the staff. A great Saki selection along with a great range of sushi and sashimi choices as well. I will definitely be going back here in the future!I'm not a sushi person, but I came to raw with a friend, everything I tried wasn't as scary as id thought. The veggie and rice stuff was good too. Slightly over priced stuff here though.Raw is a chic Sushi lounge on Sansome in the heart of the Financial, COnference district in downtown Philly. They have a cool patio, great lighting, really rad bathrooms downstairs, and a great sake list. Food was pricey, but not astronomical. 
Sushi was very strong for the East Coast. The seaweed salad was tasty buit very small. The raw platter I ordered was pretty standard mix of maki, nigiri and sashimis, all of which were good, none of which were great. The spider roll was unreasonably chunky and a bit hard to eat. Sushi was a tad warmer than I like, but was not gross warm. 
This would have been a three, but the service was killer. The barkeep/waiter Sean was really cool, good conversation and had lived like everywhere I have (SF, Boston, etc.) He made a great saki recommendation that paired very well with the meal.  
Great date place, good client dinner, just a solid overall environment that isnt as insane or "See and be seen" as Morimoto.Really good sushi spot in Philly. They have a fantastic happy hour menu, which would be a good move as the regular menu is very expensive. The service was pretty good all around and the drink selection is extensive. Overall, I would come back if it was during happy hour. I feel like you can go to other sushi places for dinner and pay a lot less and receive a similar quality in the sushi.Came to Philly from CT for a weekend trip. A friend recommended the place for the green monster roll (i think that's what it was called). I got the roll as well as the dragon combo lunch special. Loved the rolls and would come back.Went late Saturday night for a light dinner. The sushi, miso soup, and lobster spring rolls were very good. Wine and service was as well. The atmosphere was very dark, that was the only downfall for me. Looking forward to returning during lunch with coworkers.I was pretty disappointed with this place :( from the pictures and reviews I thought it was going to be amazing and was so excited & looking forward to it. We had dinner here while on a sexy weekend trip to the city &the atmosphere was descent but much smaller than expected. The food was OKAY but not as good as I expected. The prices aren't exactly competitive and the staff was the weirdest part about the whole experience! They were just loitering around the bar all night, chatting loudly and when I asked a question & to be waited on they simply  told us "they didn't do that" WHAT!? The seats were filthy as well! Will not return. The best part of the whole experience was the cute bartender lol.This was my third time here. My third visit was on a rainy Friday. Food there was good. The Rock shrimp for appetizer was pretty addicting. Every bite reminded me of eating Pringles chips, Crunchy and can't stop eating it. Don't remember the rolls I ordered but it was tasty too. The server was friendly and helpful. She recommended the rolls and I was not disappointed. This might not be the best sushi place in town but it's worth a try.Went during happy hour. Their menu is super affordable! Great service, the restaurant was also really cool-looking. Will be returning soon. The Kani salad is a must!My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary, and honestly, we would have had a better experience if we had gone to my favorite restaurant, Toyko 1613 (1613 Walnut St.).  The decor at Raw is very nice, but the hood ends there.  Except for their miso soup which was absolutely delicious, dark, and savory.  The sushi was not good.  On par with mall sushi.  Seriously.  The space is cramped, and we were sitting elbow to elbow with other patrons... Hardly the romantic, intimate atmosphere we were hoping to share on our special night. The green salad's dressing is completely inferior to toyko's. I ordered the shrimp tempura roll, and it was so bland.  The presentation was non-existent.  The rolls were just stacked on a plain white plate, with wasabi and ginger in sad little balls on the edge.  The tempura was not crispy, or hot, which screams pre-made to me.  My boyfriend's sweet potato tempura was DISGUSTING... it was cold, and again, not crispy or hot.  My boyfriend expressed his dislike to the waitress, and was just told "Oh, I'm sorry".  No attempts to remedy the situation were made, and she avoided us for the rest of our dinner, instead sending another waitress to clear empty plates, refill our water, etc.  We decided to skip the main entree altogether and left.  Very disappointing.  I will not return.  If you want fresh, beautifully presented food, and want some ELBOW room...  go to Tokyo on 16th and Walnut.  It won't break the bank, and the sushi is the best I've ever had .2nd time ordering. only had the sushi. very solid sushi place. apparently they have a delightful courtyard in the back that they open up when the weather is nice. will definitely be a consistent customer and will recommend to others.Had dinner here on Valentine's Day and had a great experience! We had an 8PM reservation and were seated shortly after. The overall ambiance of Raw was great and we had great service. We ordered the wasabi pork shumai which had quite a kick, but were excellent. We tried the White Tiger roll and the spider roll. The White Tiger was excellent and the spider roll was decent. We also tried a sake sampler which included four different types of sake. Their cocktails were also good.Great spot for sushi. The fish tasted fresh and the service was great! We ended up getting a couple rolls with spicy tuna and each was unique and as delicious as the other. They have a great selection of regular and house rolls.Great sushi and their outdoor area is really great for happy hours. When SIPS is happening it gets really packed but it's really worth it. It's also good for groups or date night.I used to love this place.  Only reason I am even going 2 bells is because I still cant believe this is what Raw has become.  What happened?   I have been there 2xs in the last month...paid 20+ for a specialty roll (4 for 2 people so 80 in rolls) and it was a rice ball.  Cant believe thats what has happened at Raw.  Service was awful.  I asked for a wine list and the server acted like I was asking for ketchup at a Sushi restaurant.
Sad day.  Guess its time for me to find a new go to Sushi spot.Great atmosphere. Always fun. Food is good. Service is good. Not necessarily spectacular but consistent!!Where oh where to begin.. This is probably one of the more recent reviews of Raw Lounge. I have been here twice and neither time left a wonderful rosy impression upon me. 
Food: I do have to admit that this is pretty decent sushi. The first time I went, my fiancee and I agreed that this was probably in our top 5 as far as quality. Osaka in Chestnut hill is better in our opinion. Raw's food isnt bad at all, but it wont be a transcendental experience by any means. 
Service: Downright horrible. This place is trying so hard to be trendy that they have ignored fundamental people and service skills. The first time we went, we were at least seated promptly, however the waitstaff was incredibly slow and essentially nonexistent. I was halfway considering canceling my order, paying for our drinks and leaving. But after our food arrived all was good until we attempted to get validation for parking in the lot next door. The hostess gave us a 20 minute run around back and forth between the parking lot and the restaurant before finally admitting that they were out of vouchers. Why didn't they tell us upfront? Is it necessary to deceive your customers that way? 
The second time we went, we didn't even eat. We were so angry that we left. We were a little late arriving for our reserved table so they gave it away. No big deal, I can understand that. We were told to wait at the bar for a table that would open up within the next 5 minutes. Quite some time went by and when I asked the hostess what the situation was with tables, I get a blank look, a mumbled answer and she walks away. At the bar, the bartender is very snotty with us even though we ordered drinks directly from him and tipped him. No fancy drinks that require extra prep, just beers. As we are being led to our table, he makes a very condescending remark to my fiancee. We bring this to the attention of the owner who says he will speak to the bartender, but the damage was already done. My fiancee was angry and hurt and we left. To be fair, the owner attempted to comp us for our beers however we had already paid. 
We had three people in our group. I was prepared to drop at least $150+ for dinner, but I didnt think the food would have mitigated the rudeness of the staff. I dont think I will be back anytime soon, nor will any of my friends and coworkers (Isn't it nice how quickly word gets around?) 
The decor is nice, the food is good, but the way the staff treats customers is simply horrible. Why would anyone put up with such egregious treatment from these people?I was at Raw for the first time on New Years.  While I can't comment on the food, I can say the decor was fabulous.  As a bar goes, it's very trendy with sweet loungey couches and a hip design.  As a restaurant, I don't know... I could see how it would feel more clubby than like a restaurant.
I had free open bar (with my ticket) until midnight.  After midnight, I was ordering drinks for my friends, and my Sapphire and tonic was $10, while a Goose and tonic was $15 -- in my opinion, a littttle up there.
There must be outdoor seating during nice weather, because there was an outdoor area with a few tables.  Curtains hang all around, so you feel as though you're inside even though you're outside -- a nice little getaway for the smokers of your group.
Last but not least, I want to go back just for the bathroom.  It's like a beautiful temple for meditation.. but you're uhh.. doing your business in there!!  The toilets themselves weren't too clean, but I'm sure that had to do with the New Years debauchery.Modern minimalism at its best within an sleek environment, compliments the fantastic, fresh sushi, and superior service available with both inside and outside dinning.  Presentable and appealing entrees whisked out of the open air kitchen, freshly prepared, graciously introduced by our food runner, noting each delicacy on the plate to not confuse what we were eating.  
The atmosphere was dim, yet seductive in soft, warm red and black tones, with a barely recognizable hard overtone brick walls with steel when seated.  
There is an outside lounge with very comfy outdoor seating and a back area bar where weekend deejays spin a soft yet house-tribal groove to keep your toes tapping and the libations flowing.
Although a bit pricey, if something peaks your interest with a sushi or sashimi special, definitely order it.  You will not be disappointed.
If you are looking for a great place for an anniversary dinner, first date with an intimate atmosphere, or just for a fun, casual dinner with friends that will not break your bank account, check this place out.As an MBA graduate focused on marketing, this place hit all the touchpoints:
1. Product - I ordered the sushi/sashimi combo.  The tuna was a fresh ruby red.  Came with a standard salad and miso soup.  
2. Place - Good decorations.  Esp. loved the men's bathroom and the wall with the samurai warrior
3. Price - Decent
4. Promotion - I heard about this place via groupon.  I'll bring my buddies for happy hour and more mealsRaw is worth the wait, but be prepared to wait a long time. I came here for lunch with two friends expecting to be in and out in no longer than an hour. Upon arrival it took us ten minutes to be seated. Twenty-five minutes after being seated one of the members of our party had to go track down a waiter so we could get service.
The food, once it finally came out, was absolutely amazing. Their seaweed salad is to die for. Everything else was very good except for the ohitashi, but that's probably just my particular taste. The carnivores in my party also had beautiful looking  
Unfortunately, the hour long lunch quickly approached the hour and a half mark and made me late to an important meeting, but I am certainly willing to try Raw out again, as long as I have plenty of time to spare!First off, the service was terrific.  Attentive and friendly servers.
However, the food was just blah.  I am a raw fish aficionado and the fish at Raw was barely acceptable.  It tasted slightly..."fishy", and any sashimi lover knows that it's supposed to taste smooth and buttery.  There are far better places in Philly to have fresher tasting fish.  Next, the portion sizes were tiny, not small...TINY!  I had to order about 50% more than I usually eat just to get full, so it ended up being an above average expensive meal for below average food.
Uggh, what a disappointing meal.I balked at heading to Raw for the first time because I'd heard they're overpriced.  But my friend and I had a very satisfying meal for under $50.  If you have the money to spare, Do come here.  Regularly.
I get yellowtail and scallions at every sushi place I visit -- here you get 8 pieces for $8 and they are positively stuffed with the most nuanced yellowtail I've tasted to date.  No silly sauce between you and this heavenly fish.  THIS is where it's at, and so Raw gets my heart on principle.  Despite lackluster service.
I do like the modern decor in here, and the food, but sometimes folks get a little too excited to be here.  I don't know what it is, but it can get crazy loud on the weekends.  I also made the fatal error of coming here for City Sips at one point.  Never do that.  Ever.  People were packing in like Godzilla was outside.
Oh and visit the bathroom regardless of whether you have to go.  Design at its best.I have had 4 parties at this place and I really enjoyed their food drinks and atmosphere. The only time I was unhappy was when their projector was not working in the back room. Otherwise it is a really cool party place with sensible price point.I came here with high expectations, since my boyfriend said "everyone" he knew thought it was the best sushi in town (even though I told him yelp only gave it 3.5 stars). In the future, I think I'll go with yelp reviews instead.
The atmosphere in Raw is very chic and trendy, with ambient lighting and music which complement the place. They have an outdoor patio which is very nice in the summertime. Indoors was also ok, even though our table was so close to the ones next to us, we could hear their entire conversations. If you want a booth, I suggest you ask for it when making reservations. 
The appetizers and sushi were pretty good and tasted fresh. We had the spicy tuna tartare, which was yummy. We also ordered 3 rolls of sushi, including the special, the Drunken Tiger roll, which was really good. They also have an extensive, but pricey, sake list.
-1 because they are a bit overpriced, and because we had to wait soooo loooong for our food to come out.I haven't been to Raw in a really long while, however I can say, from the several times that I have been there, it has been great!  The decor is Asian Contemporary (is that a style? I guess it is now!) - they have a great outdoor courtyard adorn with big comfy chairs, dark wood accents, all that is missing is an olympic size pool!  Tt was a great transformation  and use of space, from the cold hard concrete box it use to be.
I always order a piping hot bowl of the Miso,  edamame,  Avocado salad and Arina Roll (spicy tuna, avocado some spicy sauce)  when I stop in, I had to request it as sometimes it does not appear on the menu, I actually recommended that it be a regular menu item. I don't know if that request made the cut. The specialty rolls, although pricey are really large! 
Spicy tuna tartare is always fresh with large chunks of tuna! The rainbow roll is another crowd pleaser, again, HUGE!
Lobster Wasabi roll- is delish, your tummy will thank you. 
Spider Roll- great presentation- can't recall flavor
The first time I came here and made the mistake of ordering too much! They have a great selection of sake, I highly recommend the milky sake (obviously not the official name, but they will know what you are talking about)
I have heard that the kitchen is hit or miss with the traditional dishes on the menu, I can't speak to whether the chef's have honed in on their culinary technique yet, but I would stick to the sushi.
I met the owner, Tony on my first visit and he always goes out of his way to say hi to me if I ever see him, even at Target of all places!  The rest of the staff is a bit hit or miss, the guys seem friendler than the ladies, but I suppose if I were a guy writing this review- I would be singing a different tune.
Definitely stop in there for happies! They usually have a great mixed cocktail and an assortment of rolls, shumai and dumplings for a fraction of the regular menu price! Try to score a table away from the bar, or you might end up eating  with someone's rump in your face, it's some tight quarters when the house gets packed!
Thumbs up!!Raw was a lovely place to spend my "23rd" birthday.  
In fact, I may have to fly back to Philly *just* for the sushi here.  It was melt-in-your-mouth yummy!  I casually mentioned that it was my birthday (and coincidentally, it was the chef's birthday too), and they gave me banana and ice cream for dessert...on the house.  Yay!
Note: I *am* awesome, so I can't guarantee that they'll be hookin' everyone up with birf-day treats.
Also, their bathroom is beautifully designed and hella clean.
Schweet :DI went here with my friend for her birthday. Kick ass place. We had the boat of sushi. It was delicious. 
The overall atmosphere was really cool...After two visits the best way I can describe this restaurant is that it's BASIC. 
But I can start with the good. The atmosphere & space. Gorgeous inside and out. They have an outdoor patio area that's really cute (as long as they don't seat you in the corner with the cob webs--when there were plenty of other table options). And it looks like they have heat lamps out there for cooler temperatures. 
The service is the thing that needs the most improvement. Great service can almost make up for sub-par food. Our waiter forgot multiple dishes and a cocktail. Always with the ".....ehhhh let me go check on that." Excuse.  Finally when we wanted to wrap up he was no where to be found leaving us just hoping to catch his glance for 20 minutes. We ended up having to just go inside to the hostess to get it and paid at the bar. 
The food is nothing to rave about. Especially when you have Sampan just up the way. But the happy hours deals are a steal. I liked the sushi, but it's the most basic sushi on the menu. Just avoid the tacos, they aren't good. And the cocktails are weak. 
This place is decent if you just can't wait to get into somewhere else in the area and just want something to fill you up. Overall, the experience is MEH.My daughter dined here last Wed with her friend and had her phone stolen along with those of several restaurant employees from the hostess station in an inside drawer.  The restaurant did not report the crime but shared the suspect photo with me.  I wish I could post it to share.  They still charged her for the meal.  Very upsetting incident.Great ambiance! except the 2-seaters are a bit close to one another, i am not a fan of tight dining with strangers. Excellent service! 
Recommend: 
ocean salad (seaweed salad with yummy dressing) 
beef negimaki 
selection of rolls---including eel & avocado, spider roll, etc--quite good!Their specialty rolls are out of this world! i have to say, at this point my fav sushi spot. but that is always subject to change. the outside seating is just adorable. it almost feels like youre not in philly. i love the bar. we went with 9 of us. we tried many different dishes/rolls. everything was great. the only problem was the service was slow for getiing our cocktails. i hate to admit it, but we like to drink. and when all of us are together, the drinks go down pretty fast. it just seemed like everytime we put in a drink order, it was at least 10-15 minutes before the drinks got to the table. and when we wanted the check, the waiter disappeared for what seemed like forever. 
but shit happens. the presentation of the food was flawless, and the environment was perfect. sushi is outstanding. and, i never thought about it before, but what a cool place to go for cocktails outside. that i will investigate!The sushi is so good! Get the white tiger  great attentive service and the atmosphere is fun and funky. Go a little after happy hour and sit for a yummy dinner - house hot sake is great!I really love the atmosphere in this place- it has a very NYC underground feel, a lot of dark red and black, and even a seating area that looks like its under in the subway (in a good way lol). I ordered the ocean (seaweed) salad and it was realllly good, and I know my seaweed salads. I don't recommend the sashimi appetizer as you only get about 5 pieces for $12. I ordered the tuna/avocado and salmon/avocado maki rolls- these were amazing! They tasted really fresh and there was a LOT of fish in there. I mean the fish to rice ratio was awesome. I would definitely come here again... I didn't try the sake.I went to this place last night. I loved the vegetarian sushi I got [the vegetable roll and the sweet potato tempura roll] and was pleased that they had a good selection of vegetarian sushi options. I felt comfortable there and liked the decor. I hope to get back there soon or order out.I've been here quite a few times, and I've been impressed from my first visit down to my last visit (which was not that long ago! :P) It's a really nice place but I've gone there in both dressy and more casual attire, so I definitely like that I can go one day in a nice dress or another day in jeans and sneakers.
The very first time I went to Raw was for a friends birthday, and I was blown away by the quality of fish. The salmon, my favorite, just melted in my mouth and, despite being full, I just wanted to order more. They also have some cool rolls, such as the White Tiger and the Green River Rolls. I'm really weak when it comes to spicy things so I didn't think I would enjoy these rolls as much as my friends because there were some spicy sauces used in these rolls, but they tasted so good that I didn't mind my tongue burning for a while.
Aside from the sushi, the drinks are a little on the stronger side, and while I think the entree's are worth the prices, the drinks are a little up there. Also, depending on where you sit, the atmosphere can be a little creepy. Whenever I go in larger parties, we get seated in the way back room, and they have a wall that is kind of animated and some of the images are kind of out there and a little creepy to be flashing while you're eating!In my opinion this is one of the top sushi spots in Philadelphia with exquisite fair minus the extraordinary Morimoto prices.
I must say at the Center City location there is outside sitting that is a must, minus the hard plastic chairs that are or should be reserved for a yard party I was expecting a bit More comfort coming from a place as refined as this. The happy hour during nice days also draws a lot of attention and rightfully so.
The first item I tried was one of the appetizers:
Beef Negimaki- cooked and seasoned perfectly I can't say it has always been consistent though. 4/5
Spicy Tuna Tar tare- 5/5
Spicy Tuna- Some of the best in the city 5/5
White Tiger- I was not a fan of the seared Mutsu 3/5
Arina Roll- 5/5 Totally addicted to this roll. Best I have ever had and I wish I could rate it higher.
The price point can be a bit steep, but they can get what with it because where else are u gonna get this refinement without paying with a Kidney like over at Morimoto??I had an amazing birthday dinner here with my husband last year. We were brought to a trendy, upscale dining area in the back that was spacious with a large bar area. The sushi entree was very fresh, and the dishes were creative and plated beautifully. I had the best tuna tar tar of my life here. We will be visiting again when we are back in Philly and in the mood for sushi!Well, if I could give 3.5 stars, I will.
Raw is my buddy favorite sushi spot so we come here several times during lunch. The design of the restaurant is great, warm and elegant. They have some tables outdoor but snow and rain mess them up. 
I would recommend the Dragon combo for lunch. The sushi is fresh but not much impressive. The price is a bit high.Came here for a friend's birthday party was given a room in the back of the restaurant at no extra charge. Nice space - interesting changing light screens of Japanese anime, fish, etc. 
Sushi was great across the board - no complaints from anyone in our party of 20! White Tiger was by far the best!I visited Raw on an wintry afternoon and it was pretty empty. The staff was polite and prompt and we were seated immediately. I love the interior of Raw, mainly because black and red are my favorite colors. Even in the daytime, it was very intimate and sexy. (The bathroom fixtures are very trendy and chic, too.)
The food was unmemorable. I got a box with salad, several sushi rolls, tempura, and ebi; it was extremely filling. I ended up leaving 40% of my food untouched. It was a good deal compared to the rest of the menu but Raw overall is quite overpriced. I recommend this place for lunch or an early dinner, as people seem to have less savory experiences at Raw in the evening.I've had great experiences here. The food is amazing and the daily flavored sake even better. I loooooove the almond crusted shrimp.Great friendly service. Nice courtyard for outdoor seating. A hidden gem among the hustle and bustle of the city. All the cocktails were good and I found it greatly priced for the city.Perhaps I need to give it another go but I was really not impressed. They are extremely over priced too...
Just went there with my coworkers for dinner. We are here for a trade show and wanted to get some food near the Marriott downtown. We stumbled upon this place while walking around.
The decor was decent and the staff was nice, but the fish was very expensive and I usually eat my sushi in San Francisco. Your order sushi by the piece...yes, one piece...I know Morimoto does that and I've been to a couple other overpriced sushi restaurants that also do that. However, the sushi we got wasn't outstanding or anything. I tried a piece of the Spicy Scallop but the spices were overpowering and I am not even able to comment on the scallop taste itself. Perhaps I just got a bad bite...
I ordered the garden salad which came with about 20 leaves of mixed greens, two tiny cherry tomatoes sliced in half and three slices of cucumber with some dressing on top. It was served on a big flat plate and I could see the plate through the salad - it looked pathetic. It would have looked much more substantial served in a smaller bowl.
I also had one of their special mixed drinks - sake and mango puree served on the rocks. It was ok. So I can't say I hated it but it wasn't anything to write home about. And since it was so darn expensive, I'm not tempted to go back again. If I do, I'll be sure to post an update.The food here is spectacular.  Really, so so good.  The service, on the other hand, is really awful.  My server was nice enough, but she was hard to find and totally inattentive.  The restaurant is beautiful, but I also felt a bit too close to the people dining on either side of me. 
If you don't mind having to search for your waitress in order to pay your bill, I'd recommend the spicy sashimi salad, the capital roll, and a cocktail called "whisper."Great sushi and almost every meal comes with seaweed salad. The prices for some of the rolls are quite overpriced. But the food is what keeps me coming back.WTF????? When we walked in and taken to our table, I thought huh it is cute in here. We ordered Sake which was not chilled and kept coming in this stupid wine bucket which spilled water all over the table and was not chilling the sake. The sake was very good. We ordered a few small plates and rolls, everything was ok. They were too aggressive with their spice it took over. The jalapeños were sliced too thick. The food lacked balance and refinement. Our waiter was nice enough but not on his game, unless that was his game, then he needs to go back for training. The reason I will never go back was the ridiculous blaring club music playing on a terrible sound system and the multitude of giant screen tvs playing. This  restaurant is all over the place. This ourthird attempt at sushi in Philly and realized Philly does not know sushi!Raw is hard for me. The seating area is kind of awkward.  The service seems sort of impersonal. But the food is good in presentation and quality.  It's not my favorite sushi place in Philly.  It's not even my third favorite.  But I find myself eating here at least every other month for lunch - the service is fast and I know what I'm getting.  Not sure I'd go for dinner on purpose.
I typically get the bento box and an extra roll on the side (can't be a bull by eating like a field mouse).  Big fan of the sweet potato in the vegetable tempura - and any time you wrap shrimp in bacon you are going to catch my attention.  
Anyway - not my favorite - but its the kind of place you take clients to lunch... it's a descent meal and you know what you're getting.  But if you're looking to get your sushi loving socks knocked off - I've got some other ideas for you.
PS - my nine year old loves this place - don't shy away from dragging kids.  It's laid back and there is plenty of space between the booths.I don't know why Raw's aggregate is so low. I've always enjoyed dining here. Service, ambiance and food have been great every time. Nice sake selection. Helpful staff.I seriously love this restaurant! I'm a big sushi person, and hate not-fresh sushi. But theirs is just fine and honestly, I only eat their special rolls LOL.
Yes, the specials rolls are quite pricey. (Cheapest is like $17, then goes up past $20+). But even ordering their cheapest special roll ("Binny Roll") is freakin' good.
It goes with seaweed salad which tastes good, but a bit sweeter than normal (probably because this restaurant is slightly Americanized), but STILL GOOD.
And I always order a side of spicy mayo because... I MUST have it at any sushi restaurant, and their's is goodddd.
Appetizers are great too.  The Beef Negimaki, shumais and dumplings are great.  Except they're tiny and don't give you a lot for the price.  But this place is kinda fancy anyways.
Oh! Their outdoor seating is really chill and lounge-y (when seated on the sofa-ish areas). Try it on a nice day at night. (Except your food MIGHT take longer... might..)
They also have a variety of sakes. Not too much, but good enough if you're not a extra diesel sake drinker.
Overall, Raw doesn't make me mind spending over $17 for 8 pieces of their special roll sushi. I still get full and satisfied, and happy (:Food was good.  Service was good.  I would have to say though, that there were FAR too many frat boy duoche bags here to ever feel welcoming.  If you still look back on your days rushing some Greek frat and talking about the "good ol' years", then this is a great place for you.Very classy, great food, great atmosphere.  Bring your date here if you intend to keep her :P
Went with my fiancé to celebrate her birthday. The Japanese Garden Martini was amazing. The sushi was very good. The tea was gen mai cha tea which has roasted rice in it (not our favorite, a slightly more tanic taste).
Also, not the nicest chopsticks, so bring your own :P
If we're in Phili again, we'll probably return (as a married couple).I went here for restaurant week with a friend. The staff was friendly. The special menu for the week was great because it included 4 courses. The king crab soup was a little silly with like 3 pieces of crab in it and like a whole chopped onion but it's soup and its a special for restaurant week. The tempura rock shrimp was amazing and that is usually on the menu so I would totally recommend it. The salmon volcano roll was good and we also had mochi which you can't go wrong with. The reason why I give this place 2 stars and not 4 or 5... is the fact that we saw a mouse. We were sitting in the outdoor courtyard so animals and such could technically be out there. But we told the server and she just said sorry and didn't do anything else. I know we got the special menu but she could of comped our drinks or given us a gift card to return or a percentage off our bill anyway. So I'm a little disappointed with the overall experience and the lack of handling the situation. I'm not sure if I'd eat there again despite the amazing tempura rock shrimp.I've been here at least 20 times over the past few years and have always been happy but tonight was a major disappointment.  They used old shrimp temporary for my roll and the spicy tuna handroll was the ground up tuna.  I always found the spicy tuna handrolls with whole pieces of tuna much better.  Might have to find a new regular sushi place.I wasn't going to visit Raw because of the mixed reviews on here, but my good friend has been really wanting to go.  Then I attended a party where Raw was serving sushi--it was delicious so I consented to a visit.  
The atmosphere was pleasant, but we ate inside on one of the nicest nights of the year.  The courtyard is a beautiful space, I hope I can eat there before the season ends.  There was a DJ spinning some delightful music.  The lighting and the interior was thoughtfully designed.  
It seems that people had have issues with the service.  I found the staff to be attentive but not overpowering.  Everything was delivered to our table within a reasonable amount of time.  Our server was friendly and well-informed.  
The food was very good.  The White Tiger special was sublime.  The seaweed salad was impeccably prepared but served as a minuscule portion.  My good friend loved his avocado salad.  We will be back.Based this past experience I gotta downgrade to 2 stars.  I bought the Ruelala omakase deal before I'd ever been to Raw. I'm not a huge fan of Raw but I didn't want to let the voucher go to waste. 
I made reservations and confirmed that we'd be having the Ruelala deal.  This time, my issue does not lie with the quality of the food. It lies with the quantity of  food, atmosphere and service.  To start, we were served a very small piece of salmon. Next up was a bite of crab wrapped in whitefish.  Then striped bass carpaccio (tiny).  Then a decently sized portion of risotto/steak/one scallop/one shrimp.  Our 1 scallop was dry and rubbery but the rest of the food was good.  Then we got a small bowl of green tea ice cream at the end. The food came with 3 shot glasses of sake. 
NOW....about the service and timing of the food...AWFUL.  Right after we were seated, the 1st course came out.  We didn't even have our drinks yet.  Then the sake came out, but not the water we'd asked for.  Then the beer that we ordered arrived and still no water - had to ask again for water.  Then the 2nd, then the 3rd courses came out in rapid succession.  I figured at this rate, we'd be in & out pretty quickly.  WRONG.  We were stuck there for 2 hours.  I don't even know how much time elapsed between the 3rd & 4th course, but even averaged out, 5 courses in 120 minutes would be 24 minutes between each course.  Twenty-four minutes between each literal BITE of food.  I was so antsy that I wanted to leave without waiting around for the last 2 courses. 
Atmosphere: Dear Raw, could you remove a few tables please?? The tables are RIGHT NEXT to each other.  It's uncomfortable.  It's awkward. It's not romantic or intimate. The girl sitting next to me had her coat & bag all over my seat (probably because there was no room for it elsewhere), and upon being escorted to my seat I had to move it over (she wasn't paying attention).  
I have no desire to return to Raw. If they want to be a high class sushi joint, they need to get their shit together.  Train your servers better.  School the kitchen on proper timing between courses.  Remove a few tables.First time here. I enjoyed the lunch special. 5 pieces of sushi, a roll, salad, and miso soup. It is was delicious. Hit the spot and was very fresh. Will try this place again for happy hour.Incredible! From service, atmosphere, cleanliness, and most importantly food. Excellent on every level. Here for a party and can't wait to come back for date night. Ask for Steph she was fantastic. On point all night.Alright, so I vote for a half star button.  What's with the only whole star business?  I think its just another case of the man trying to keep us down.  Well not me.  Three and a half stars baby, thats my review and I'm sticking to it.  Take that Yelp/the man.  
So this place is kinda cool.  The building is laid out like a shotgun apartment.  Its narrow and sleek, stretching back from the foyer like an exaggerated hallway.  The sushi bar invites diners to check out the fish as they pass on to either the remainder of the dining room or the outside saki bar.  I like it.  I have to say, its stylish, yet not over-blown and while the decor represents the price tag, neither elicits an audible guffaw from would be diners.  
Sushi is a wonderful delight of tasty splendor, no denying it.  But, in my experience, there are the places that make a killer, well constructed roll and then those that take the rice-fish combo outside of the box by creating a symphony of gastronomic ingenuity (go to Sushi Zen NYC, you'll see what I mean).  Raw lands squarely in the former category and thats not a bad thing per se.  As such, the key is all in the ingredients.  The fish has got to be primo or its just going to let you down and Raw doesn't disappoint.   While the dining is sold, this joint's highlight is the outdoor saki lounge. 
Have a drink there during sips.  Then have another.  When you are well lubricated order some sushi and hang out for another round.  Just ignore the D.J. spinning the latest blogosphere house-bangers at 300 decibels.  I like house, but think of something better for a dinner/happy hour lounge - just a thought.
ps - If you have a sec check out the men's room.  It wont disappoint.After seeing that every restaurant was packed on 13th street we walked down Sansom and stumbled upon RAW. They had a really nice outdoor area with plenty of tables and a large couch area in the back for larger groups. We were there for happy hour and the prices and the food were both amazing! The best thing we had was the tuna jalapeño roll. I would
highly recommend this.. it was probably some of the best sushi I've had in philly. The happy hour prices are great and so is the service! I will definitely be returning!!My friend and I came here during happy hour. The happy hour menu is pretty decent and prices aren't too bad. We both ordered a drink and shared the food together. 
Our drinks were good. We ordered the taco, which is 2 for $6. Before we ordered we asked about the spicy salmon taco.. we wanted to know if it was cooked or raw, our waitress said it's raw like sushi style. So, we ordered that and when it came out it wasn't what she said. It was cooked and wasn't that good, very fishy too. We also ordered wings. The wings were flavorful and size was big. However, the wings weren't really cooked all the way.. I saw red near the bones.
The restaurant was getting busy and we didn't see our waitress so we didn't say anything. Plus, we had another place to go to so we just ate and asked for the check.Good service. Nice location. Outdoor seating looked very inviting. Wasabi pork dumplings were very good and the Rainbow Roll was the best I've ever had.We are in Philly for a volleyball tournament. Visited 1225Raw because it is close to the hotel. Danny, our waiter, was great. Very attentive and pleasant.  I ordered the Miso Soup (not as hot as I like it but still good)  and the Burning Rainbow which was quite spicy. Was not expecting the bite, but Danny kept the water in my glass to help me out! The food was great. Great ambiance. Music was loud enough to drown out everyone else's conversation, but low enough for me to hear my conversation at my table without having to repeat myself. All in all, a great experience.I had a really good first experience at Raw & will likely be back for another time during happy hour! The outdoor space here is very cute and there is a decent amount of space between tables so you don't have to worry about people listening in on your conversations. Service was great - our waiter was very attentive but not overbearing. I had 2 different sushi rolls: spicy tuna and salmon avocado and I also had an order of shrimp tempura (app). Everything I had was delicious, although I probably would not order the shrimp tempura again as its only 2 pieces which I think is a small portion for the price. I had an ale on draft which was good, and their ninja in pink cocktail which I will definitely be ordering again - reccomending! Very delicious and a good pour but not overbearing. Overall, I had a very nice experience here & this place is on my happy hour list now!Came here on recommendation by the concierge at The Ritz Carlton Philadelphia.  And a great one it was!
ATMOSPHERE:
Dark, contemporary & chic.
FOOD:
Calamari - Typically good, and the batter wasn't too heavy.  Plate was full of the rings rather than a mix of the tentacles.  Comes with sweet Thai chili sauce.
Avocado salad - A simple salad of mixed greens and fresh avocado with a very good dressing.  
Udon beef stir fry - I absolutely LOVE noodles so this was an easy menu choice.  Udon cooked perfect but beef strips were tough.  Veggies included bean sprouts, carrots, and one broccoli crown.
Teri salmon - My partner's dish.  Two tender fillets done in a teriyaki sauce with steamed broccoli and a scoop of steamed rice.  Delish!
SERVICE:
We were greeted and seated promptly.  Service was friendly & professional.
OVERALL:
Great service & food even if we went 1-hour prior to closing.Ate here during my lunch break...good service, great atmosphere, and delicious food. Got the combo entree: roll of your choice with 5 sashimi pieces of your choice. The eel sashimi was absolutely delicious, should've made that all 5 of my picks. Spent about 20$ including tip but was satisfied. Definitely will come backCame here last night with a Groupon.  Despite the crazy rules and regulations they impose for using it (must call for a reservation at least 24 hours in advance), they let me use the same day via reserving on OpenTable.  This "hip" Japanese restaurant in the gayborhood has a swanky indoor/outdoor atmosphere with decent sushi; but overall I found the food and restaurant to be visually stunning, but lacking depth and true flavor.
I started with an avocado salad, a huge pile of salad greens with some cherry tomatoes, carrots, and a whole sliced avocado.  It was pretty big for a starter salad, but I didn't mind all the veggies.  We also split the Tuna Carpaccio.  It was aesthetically beautiful, especially with the red roe and watercress on top of the raw tuna, but the flavors didn't quite match.  I also found it difficult to eat the thinly sliced lemon on top of the food.  For dinner, we split a White Tiger Roll and a California Eel Roll.  The White Tiger Roll is outstanding: beautifully presented, tasted delicious and fresh, and combined a complex and wide array of great flavors.  The Eel roll was the same here as it would be at the next sushi joint.
While it was nice to eat outside in the courtyard, I couldn't get over the wobbly table, so-so service, and the fact that the music ranged from hard-to-hear to overly loud throughout the course of the night.  Furthermore, the Groupon helped to offset what would have been a very pricey check.  While the food was very good, I don't think it truly justifies the prices they charge.  Overall, I would come back maybe for lunch or drinks, but probably look elsewhere for sushi.I went to Raw for lunch on a break from jury duty. They had plenty of good lunch specials, so I opted for the spicy maki combo. You get a green salad, miso soup, spicy salmon, and spicy tuna for $13.00.
The salad was good, but skimped on the dressing. The soup was decent, but basically just broth. The maki was also good, except for the fact that some of the rice seemed a little too hard, almost like it had been sitting out for a little while.
The bathrooms here are weird. There's a common sink area and then the women's rooms are off to the left and the men's are off to the right. The doors to the stalls are basically foggy glass, so you can totally see when someone is sitting or standing in a stall. It's pretty weird. The sink was also odd. It was basically a flat piece of stone that was slightly pitched so that the water ran to the wall area and down a little slit between the stone and the wall. The whole setup there didn't seem very practical, but it was different at least.
Overall the food was solid, and I was in and out in just about 30 minutes. Not a terrible lunch choice if you're in the area. I don't know if I could rationalize spending full-cost during dinnertime, though.If I were Carrie Bradshaw circa 2001 I would go nuts over this place. Alas, I am Carrie E. and this is Philly 2008, not NYC, so I'm a little more subdued.
Great sushi, albeit a bit pricey, and an exceptional sake menu that just might be one of the best in the city. I echo the previous concerns about the plating; the dishes were just a bit too big for the tables and the whole sushi mojo was thrown off just a bit. And I wish they'd do away with the television in the dining room; it was majorly distracting. I  was trying to concentrate on my husband but kept being lured away by George Clooney and Brad Pitt in "Oceans 11."  Not cool.
Love the bathroom sinks, though. I'm sure there's a lot of shenanigans to be had in the bathrooms. Too bad this distracts from the quality of food being served to the beautiful people upstairs...It is not my new favorite sushi place. 
I was excited to try it because I had heard so many good things, but it  felt too sceney and a little contrived. The bartender was very attentive to the group of single women next to us; not so attentive to my wife and I.
The tables are jammed pretty close together so it felt more like a country buffet than an intimate dining experience...which brings me to something that really bothered me. The plating of the food was well done, but the size of the plates were out of proportion to the tables. Our neighbor's plates were almost on our table. I know that this criticism is pretty nitpicky, but the presentation of sushi and the detail of the food are just as important as the taste of the meal.
The food was good and the combo rolls presented interesting tastes.
I must add that their urinals are not for the pee-shy. I had the feeling that a sake-soaked salary man was going to step up next to me and sing some karaoke.I came here for Center City Sips.  Drinks were ok, but the place was so packed, it took forever to get anything.  I had the dumplings and a salmon roll.  Nothing amazing especially for the price.
Ambiance wise it was nice, they have a courtyard area.  Like another reviewer said, too cool for school.
Oh yeah, for the guys, the bathroom is a wall fountain.  yeah, it's awesome. so awesome...  you should go just for that... so awesome...The courtyard seating area is very nice.  Lounge furniture is inviting for a drink, and tables aren't crammed together.  Perfect weather helps :)In my opinion, the perfect chirashi would contain the following ingredients:
*multiple slices of sake, hamachi, saba, hotate, maguro, unagi, amaebi, tamago, white tuna
*ikura (salmon roe)
*slices of sweeten braised shiitake mushroom
*pickled radish or daikon
*seaweed salad (optional)
This restaurant's chirashi had the following pros and cons, relative to my notion of the perfect chirashi:
Pros:  The fish was actually pretty fresh and each piece was of a good size -- not too big, which is good since this place was obviously Korean-run and usually Korean-run places cut the pieces disgustingly too big.  The main reason I liked this chirashi was b/c I was on per-diem from work travel and splurged to customize the chirashi to have virtually all the fish i like.  But not for cheap.  At $29, base price, and $1.50 for each piece I substituted, it better be good!
My chirashi ended up with hotate, amaebi, sawara (spanish mackerel), saba (boston mackerel), sake, hamachi, unagi, some white fish, and squid.  It also came garnished with wakame salad.
my substitutions were ebi, tako and 2 slices of maguro for hotate, amaebi, and saba,  respectively.
Cons:  It was pricey and I probably wouldn't have ordered this if I were pay out of pocket.  It didn't have any pickled radish or marinated mushrooms.  Nor did I want to pay $1.50 to substitute another piece of fish for tamago, ikura or white tuna.
Overall, the place had a pretty classy decor.  The service seemed really slow for me, but I wasn't in a hurry and was enjoying my company, so i didn't really mind!  If you're on per-diem and/or can afford $1.50 per substitution, I'd go for creating the perfect chirashi, as described at the top of this review!  I almost had it, but my conscience eventually got the better of me :)Raw's sushi is ALOT of rice and a LITTLE fish. The rice they use for the sushi has good flavor and they also use good sauces. 
Fish quality is mediocre. I think that the higher price reflects the atmosphere (which is a good summer/ outdoor spot in their courtyard) not the food. 
I would come back here only to possibly go to Sumo Lounge which is located in the back.Eh. Just eh. That's all I have to say for this place. It's got a trendy atmosphere, sure, but that's all Raw has going for it. It's ridiculously overpriced for the food - I've had much better sushi elsewhere. I went for a birthday gathering, and all of us were not too thrilled about the food. My friend opted for the rock shrimp, which were too much tempura, not enough shrimp. I had udon noodles, which were decent but a tad salty. 
Definitely not worth the money. (On a side note, though, they do have cool bathrooms. The sinks are granite and nicely designed.)The sushi at Raw is always very fresh, but they are pricey.  Their sake selection is IMPRESSIVE.....and I grew up in California, so I am spoiled in regards to sushi and sake.
The service is always classy and thorough, wishing I could eat here more often, but again, the prices.The sushi is so good! Came for Sips. Only $4 a roll. The rolls are small, but totally worth $4. Also tried the shrimp tempura and chicken skewer. They were okay, but super small portions. In the future I will come back, but only for the sushi. The service was great! So glad I came to check this place out. You have to sit outside. Shame on you, if you don't.I went here recently for the City Sips happy hour deal (for those not in the know, every summer, about 30-40 bars in the city all have the same happy hour special on Wed. nights - $4 mixed drinks, $3 wine, $2 beer, and $1 appetizers, with some free parking meters and $1 garages in certain areas).  I thought Raw was really cool inside - very dark (extremely low lighting), granite bar top, kind of a modern decor - not a kitschy sushi joint at all.  It was also so wonderful to step inside this cool, air conditioned, dark place from the sunny, muggy, and disgustingly hot outdoors.  It's like a cool, inviting cave.
I was a little disappointed, though, that the hostess wouldn't seat my party at a table b/c we were there for the happy hour, especially since there wasn't much room at the bar.  I had planned on getting dinner, too, but I didn't order any out of spite once we couldn't get a table.  The bar has no stools, so I wasn't about to eat standing up while trying not to spill anything because of the crush of people trying to get to the bar.  I was especially annoyed when I got into the bar/dining area and noticed that all of the other tables of people were only having happy hour drinks and not dinner, and there were several empty tables in the back. That aside, though, I had a nice time.  The place became very crowded as the happy hour wore on.  It wasn't part of City Sips last year, but I think it's probably one of the most popular places in that program this summer.
The drinks were very good.  They had fruit-infused sake and a sparkling cosmopolitan as the drink specials.  I had both.  I've had way better fruit-infused sake in my lifetime.  It tasted too much like honeydew, but some of my friends liked it.  The sparkling cosmo, however, was great (cosmo + champagne for $4 = drunk in 2 hours or less).  The $1 appetizers were also very good, but TINY (last year, the City Sips program offered free appetizers, so it sucks that they changed that part, but for $1, you can still get some cool gourmet food).  They had beef negimaki (2 tiny pieces), gyoza (2 tiny pieces), and california rolls (4 tiny pieces).  I had the gyoza and california roll, and I liked both, but I had a very difficult time getting chopsticks from the ditzy bartender, who could not seem to get our orders straight until we told him what we wanted 4 times.  I eventually wound up eating my appetizers with my fingers.  Basically, the place was a zoo.  We finally left when bus boys started pushing by us with stacks of chairs and basically giving us dirty looks that said, "Leave, you're in our way."  
I left there starving, since 2 $1 appetizers do not a dinner make, but I think that I would give the place another go for dinner.  My friends and I were at the end of the bar near the sushi counter, and we watched amazing looking maki rolls pass by us for two hours, so it got me interested in trying their sushi.  I would hope, however, that the service is better for dinner, so I'm reserving my judgment on this one.  I'll probably update this review once I go there for an actual meal.  I would recommend it for happy hour, though - just get there early so you can get a spot at the bar!Great service, great decor, and above all great sushi.
My favorite sushi bar in the city (and I have been to many)
The specialty rolls are delicious and HUGE, and reasonably priced.  Will absolutely be back many times.I just hosted a dinner with 20 people for my husband's 40th. This was one of the few places I found in Philly to have 1. great sushi and cooked apps, 2. no set menu required for a larger party, 3. space to fit 20 people in 1 table instead of scattered, 4. very affordable pricing, 5. liquor available. Overall, the experience was very favorable. Guests were commenting about how great the food was. Stefanny the manager helped to take care of us by planning food to order in advance. She also was our waitress and she didn't miss a detail. When someone's drink was low, she was right on top of it. She had dessert all set with a birthday candle without even having to ask. Overall, I highly recommend RAW for any dinner but especially a party. They really knew how to make us feel special. Highly recommend.Cool interior, great sushi and inventive rolls. I'd recommend this place for sure.i have been wanting to try raw for awhile and finally got treated to a splendid lunch here.  this place is tucked away and offers a serene calming environment. the decor is quite nice and there are big roomy booths for people to sit, chat and relax. the staff was helpful and friendly.
i was here for my bday lunch and it was a weekday and was not crowded with the usual center city crowd. i particularly enjoyed sipping my miso soup while listening to old skool rap and krunkin. no lie. i kid you not! it wasn't blaring, but needless to  say it was kind of amusing to be eating the delicate pieces of sushi while DMX is rapping. "X gonna give it to 'ya" "can you pass the wasabi?" not a good mashup...
the lunch box specials have a lot of food and come with soup and/or salad. this place is pricier than shiroi hana (which is total yums), but totally less crowded and has that LA hip lounge feel. 
i got the tuna combo platter. the fish was fresh and everything was presented well.
the waitress was told it was my bday and they brought out fried bananas for us all topped with honey and green tea ice cream on the house! i felt that was quite a nice gesture and i am one girl who never says no to dessert!
the lunch combos and lunch boxes are the better deal since they give you a great deal of food, especially with the soup and salad. i wish you can pick and choose your choice of sushi, but they have quite a variety of lunchbox/combos.
oh, the dessert they gave me thumbs up and i am not just saying that since it was on the haus! :)Just came here today so use my Groupon. It was in an alley looking street that I would have not found if I did not look it up.
The inside is very nicely decorated. The steps down to the bathroom was creepy but the middle and sink was really cool! Not because it is outside and used for boys and girls but just the way the sink works.
The boyfriend and I had the:
Salmon lunch box $14
Rainbow Platter $18
Green River Roll $21
The box did not come with rice like all the other bento boxes elsewhere but it was pretty good. It did come with Spicy Tuna Tartare. The boyfriend ended up ordering a bowl of brown rice $4 still.
The Rainbow Platter was okay.. The fish looked and tasted a little ... oily(?) I don't think oily is the right word but I am not sure what the word to describe it is.
I was a little disappointed in the Green River Roll but I think that's just personal preference.
We also asked for some Spicy Mayo and Ell Sauce which costed $1 each whereas most places don't charge for that.
The sushi rolls are much better than most places but it is mostly a HUGE rim of rice. I think I would prefer it smaller.
Overall, the experience was pretty good but I think I liked the decor more than the food.I love sushi and eat it almost everywhere I go. Raw has AMAZING FRESH SUSHI!! Come here if you can! Also lovely fast service and a great drink selection!The sushi here is fan-friggin-tastic. It is consistently fresh and expertly cut. I've been coming here regularly for years and it just does not disappoint. I've heard so-so reviews from acquaintances that went during restaurant week, but anyone who eats out often enough knows that you can't judge by that week. 
The lunch special is an incredible deal. The ladies behind the bars are sweethearts. And not in that obnoxious over-friendly Applebee's type way, but that chill friendly way. And the head sushi chef.... Uhm Sushi genius. He churns out specials that rival a certain five star joint in the city. If I ever leave the city, I would absolutely make the drive in just to go.We had a group of four in our party and tons of two tops got sat before us.  We had to wait 40+ minutes past our reservation time. They final held two small tables and put them together for us. Luckily we didn't have a tight timeline. 
There was not enough room at the bar for us to grab a drink; we just had to stand piled on top of each other in the very crowed atrium. 
Once we got seated the service was fast and the food was fantastic! They had a special "Drunken Dragon" roll that was amazing!!! The "Channel" cocktail was really good too. 
The males were quite impressed with the men's room and loved the fountain/urinal wall. They actually took pictures to show us and posted on Facebook.Visiting Philadelphia!!
Had enough time to look out most sushi restaurants in city center .
Definitely this was the best one !!I took an old friend here who was visiting from Vermont, and was craving some 'proper sushi'.
He had the shrimp bento box, and was on cloud nine.
I had the spicy salmon roll and takoyaki, and I don't know that I've ever had better.
It can get a bit loud here and there, due to its popularity for the lunch and dinner rush. However the service and food more than make up for having to raise your voice a little to hold a conversation. 
My mouth is watering just thinking about that meal, can't wait to go back.My fav sushi place in Philly area... Check out the mens room.. Crazy..Raw is a great place for good sushi and a great atmosphere. I've been here a number of times and haven't been disappointed. The sushi is fresh.
The bathrooms are quite entertaining especially in the men's room where you pee into a water feature with a picture of a female samurai with a sword on the wall behind the water.
I tried the saki this time and well I'm not a fan but that's me. Our waiter Johnny was very helpful and friendly.I went to Raw with a friend some recent Friday night. The atmosphere is very intentionally contemporary. We had a reservation for 7:30 but ended up waiting some time after that before we were seated. The waiting vestibule is mucho swanky.
My friend ordered the sushi regular platter. It was a beautiful plate of mixed sushi and one California roll. Delicious.
I ordered the white tiger roll. The fish was awesome quality and tasted very fresh. However, the sizing of my roll was all out of wack. I have never had sushi cut into such large pieces before. If you have a smaller mouth like me, be wary of these special rolls as you may find yourself with a real mouthful *hah*
Good wine selection, fair prices for center city. I would go again, but not without exploring some other sushi options first.This place is a hit or miss. Went here the second time and the service was okay. They were just passing by us for a good 15 minutes.. Ambiance is great! The Lunch boxes are amazing! for the price they will fill you up. Food is good! I'll try this again and might update my reviewIt's a nice place, a bit over priced for the quality of the food but great atmosphere.   Try the Kizakura Sake, its delicious.    Only costs $4-5 if you get it at a liquor store and $18 here, but it's the cheapest there!Great sushi, and it has a bar.  I'm all for BYOB, but when you are here in business, you just wants some reasonably priced sushi and a drink.Came here for Center City Sips and the deals here were reasonable. I got fried chicken bites and a vegetarian sushi roll. The chicken bites were dry and the roll was nothing special.
The outside seating is a cool vibe thougKani soup and volcano roll were the bomb!
They just need to upgrade their registers so you can transfer your bar tab to your table. Were I not on a first date, I would've totally bartered my software consulting skills for more sushi :)You absolutely must sit in their outside patio. The atmosphere is great. The sushi is beautifully presented and delish. The wasabi is grated fresh. The prices are middle of the line. The bathrooms are crazy weird! I go almost every time I'm in Philly.Food is good but they have the dumbest hostess. They have no idea how to do their job and serious attitude problems. Stay away!Amazing amazing AMAZING! The best sushi in the entire city of Philadelphia. The eel especially, just melts in your mouth. Also their house fried rice is a dish that we always get when we go there. We always succeed in leaving pleasantly plump and fully satisfied.Used to be one of my favorites, especially for lunch. 
But then they went and changed their lunch menu. A once-amazing bento box deal is now a rip-off. The sides that come in the box are basically filler (a summer roll filled only with carrots and noodles? A half of an orange???).
I'm sure they're still great for top notch sushi, but I won't be going back for lunch.Ambiance - Beautiful. 
Restrooms - interesting. 
Sushi - OK. But considering the price (ex: Total tax+tip for 1 small piece of yellow tail = $7 - YIKES!) I am not a fan. 
But I have to admit, service was great! Laugh out loud great! Our waiter asked us if we cared for dessert and when we asked him what the options were, he rambled out the restaurants dessert options and went to say, "but if you want really good dessert there is this spot around the corner..." and gave us 4 great selections of spots in the area to try. For a moment I was in disbelief, and then the laughter hit us all - Priceless!
Final thought, for the maki lovers (aka: rolls), I saw some amazing presentations and heard "oohs" & "aahs" around the table. So, maybe Raw might be worth it to you. Sushi lovers, try another spot.Raw has it all! Ambience, great service, but the food really stands out! I hate sushi, but I love it at Raw.  Try the ones with the tempura vegetables in them. They are divine!So I went here for NYE and LOVED it.. I wanted a fun place to relax and dance with a few good friends.  This was perfect!  I got a VIP table which was great because we sat up a little higher than the bar area and had a mini stage.  The sushi was awesome and the waitress was AMAZING... so attentive.   I had told her I was allergic to crustaceans and she was super accommodating about it (I have had problems with places mixing in the passed).  LOVE IT.. the outside bar area was awesome too.. it is like a mini oasis.Delicious place! I've been here several times since I've moved to Philly last year. Their creations are unique and delicious! I like that they have a diverse menu that caters to a diverse crowd!We stopped in after having a couple of drinks across the street. We only ordered a few pieces of nigiri, so my review is based on a limited selection. However, my 4 stars is based on the freshness and taste of that same selection. We had 2 pieces each of sea urchin, hamachi, and otoro. The sea urchin, I was told, is from California. Melt in your mouth, fresh, and lightly sweet. Truly the ocean in a bite. The otoro was perfection. Perfectly fatty and fresh. Same with the hamachi. I wish we had walked in with a bigger appetite, because if what we had is an indicator of the rest of their offerings, we woulda been in for a real treat. Delicious delicious sushi. Go and ENJOY!!!Loved sitting in the covered outdoor space tonight with a party of 5. The watermelon sake was INSANELY good, tasted just like watermelon with very little alcohol flavor. Do yourself a favor and get a carafe of it, complete with sake infused watermelon garnish. Yum!
My table had various sushi rolls-crunchy tuna was really good for the average, non adventurous sushi lovers, and the dragon roll and the nights special roll (all I remember is yellowtail inside and some fish on top) were the surprises of the night. Even paced service and overall great experience!came here for the sushi "happy hour" menu which is about $5 for each basic roll. nothing really outstanding about the sushi, pieces are a little small, but it satisfies the sushi craving.the best ive had yet..spicy scallop, sweet potato, and the binny...tuna tartar is also the best ive ever had..never been to morimoto but ive been everywhere else in and around the city and the closest ive come to liking a place as much is that place in collingswood nj, i forget what its called..but this place is my fav by far...u have to get the tuna tartar..id eat it everyday is i could..My meal last night was so delicious, I'm still thinking about it.  
My oldest friend and I went out last night to celebrate my birthday.   Let me start out by saying we both love food.  And with over 30 years of friendship behind us, feel quite comfortable gluttonously stuffing our faces when we dine out together.  Last night was no exception.
We indulged in four amazing rolls:  The Spider, The Wasabi Lobster, The Tuna Mite, and the White Tiger.  We loved them all but the White Tiger takes the crown.  The tender white tuna melted in your mouth and the combination of sweet soy sauce, cream sauce and red hot sauce blended perfectly together.  Yes please, may I have some more...and that's not just the sake talking.Cool center city lunch spot with a nice outdoor patio and a lot of indoor seating too. The bento boxes are a great value. You get miso soup, salad, and an assortment of sides as well as a main feature of your choice. I usually go with some sort of sushi, but there are other types of prepared dishes as well. 
I've never been disappointed - but at the same time, I've never been wowed either. Sometimes the service can seem a bit distracted and slow. Usually it's around $20/person for lunch after tax & tip so it's not an everyday sort of place. Good for groups too.Favorite Sushi in Philly
Service was iffy when I was there a two years ago so this could have changed.  The fish is always so fresh and sake is up to par.Just ate there for me and my boyfriends 3 yr anniversary. Awesome outside seating area, food and service. If you're struggling to find a place to eat, choose here!Food was ok, but nothing spectacular especially for the price that they charged. For three sushi rolls, an appetizer and two beers for two people it cost over 100 dollars with tip. That's a little absurd. Quality is definitely not quite on par with the price point. Definitely better sushi options in the city.Above average sushi rolls, tempura, and dumplings in this high-design center city location. With outdoor seating in warm weather. And hipster bathrooms.My fiancé and I went here on Saturday before headed to a concert.  We got there around 8:30 and did not have a reservation but we were seated within 10-15 minutes which I thought that was great for a Saturday night downtown without a reservation.  The manager was very attentive to the guests and wait staff.  The environment is awesome; clean, fun lighting, funky décor.  I had the Raw Penicillin from their cocktail menu which was strong but tasty.  We split the edamame appetizer which we devoured; it was so good!  Fresh and salted perfectly.  I had the spicy scallop and California rolls and my fiancé had the burning rainbow roll and eel roll.  Everything was delicious and FRESH! we left satisfied and would definitely go back there.In all fairness I am not the best judge of sushi.  I fall into the category of unadventurous but really enjoyed my crispy tuna roll.  The staff was attentive and friendly and we were seated quickly even though it was packed.  I was surprised for it to be so full on a random Wednesday but I guess most people were there just like me with a fresh living social coupon that I had bought earlier in the week.  
My only complaint is that the elevated tables are in really close proximity to each other and I heard a lot more of the boisterous groups conversation next to me than I could make out from my dining companion.  She is a much more adventurous sushi eater and enjoyed both her roll and tuna tartar.  They have an outdoor seating area which looks like it would be really nice for warmer weather and I will definitely be back to check that out later in the year.I don't know if I've ever left a restaurant feeling as ripped off as I did at Raw...
Went for omakase with a coupon (cost $60) that claimed a friend and I would be receiving $120 worth of sushi and sake.
I don't even believe our meal was worth $60.
The first three courses of our '5-course' meal were each LITERALLY one TINY piece of fish that were MAYBE as big as the size of a sashimi.
The 4th course was about 5 spoonfuls of risotto with 2 absurdly tiny pieces of scallop and some shrimp (and a few TINY slivers of steak for my friend).
The 5th meal was about half a cup of ice-cream.
The 10 bites of food I had could have been pleasant if the restaurant hadn't claimed that it WAS WORTH $120.
DON'T GO HERE if you don't want to get ripped off.My husband and I absolutely love this place! We dine there for any occasion and without an occasion! If you like sushi, you will just love anything on the menu this beautiful restaurant has to offer!Had several good rolls here for dinner with clients. Great atmosphere and vibe, with clever easy Asian design and architectural details. Relaxing lounge and EDM music made me feel at home. Loved the wasabi fries and spicy edamame as well. It's the 3rd and best sushi I've had in Philly this week.I really like this place but it's a bit pricier than my usual sushi spots (Makiman or Vic's) so I usually only come when I have a groupon/livingsocial voucher(which I have a few times, so watch out for those), or when it's happy hour.
HAPPY HOUR: This place is great for happy hour in the summer because of the awesome outdoor area and delicious cocktails (although last time I was there I saw a mouse, but hey what can you do, we live in a city).
DEAL ALERT: One thing that annoyed me was they won't let you use opentable points and a groupon/voucher, so you have to pick one, not a huge deal but a minor annoyance. But on the other hand, the fact that they take your groupon/voucher number when you arrive is kind of nice because you don't awkwardly have to send your waiter back with your phone, have them writing down the number, or track them down to fix the bill if they charge you before applying the deal.
VIBE:This place has a nice atmosphere, it's definitely no hole in the wall sushi place, but you also won't feel uncomfortable if you're not dressed up, which is nice.
FOOD:
The vegetable tempura appetizer is pretty big and awesome. Lots of veggies and tempura'd noodles which is kinda cool and crunchy and delicious.
I've tried the sushi set which is a good deal, and they have really good special rolls too.
VERDICT:Good service, good food, good atmosphere. Will be back!We ordered from this restaurant over uber eats. I called when our food was continually delayed. The hostess who answered the phone told me she purposefully delayed my order to accommodate a private party in the restaurant. Our food was delayed over 30 minutes - though prepared - which means that the hot items we were delivered were ice cold.  I would never order from this restaurant again because once the food finally arrived, after they chose to delay, it really was not very good at all. Maybe if they delivered when it was supposed to be sent and the food was hot I would have a different opinion.I've been here many times for sips and the place has never been as crowded as some of the other nearby bars on Wednesday evenings. My favorite part though is the HH sushi deals. $3 for a veggie roll with 8 pieces and 3.5 for veggie tempura- Wowwww!!
My somewhat picky vegetarian sushi needs can finally be satisfied at an affordable price.Raw is usually an overall great experience. I recommend the Crispy Calamari Salad! Everything has a nice fresh taste which is the most important factor when getting sushi. A little expensive but it seems worth it just because of the great atmosphere.The wait staff forgot our table and we had to ask to order and get our check, but the food made it a fun night
I went with a group of five and the table we sat at was long. Three people sat on the long end and one on each side so it was awkward for conversations
On the bright side - the sushi was unbelievable. The sweet potato tempura roll was the best I've ever hadThis restaurant was super-yummy!  All of the vegetarian rolls were delicious and beautifully presented, but somewhat difficult to eat due to the presentation.  The rolls are huge, you definitely get enough food for the money. I would certainly return here if I were back in the city.For being named Raw, there were a number of rolls that had tempura and other cooked elements. My girlfriend and I came here because of a groupon she purchased.  The atmosphere was casual upscale, and the service staff was very friendly. 
We were seated in just a couple minutes on a Thursday evening. We had looked through the menu online earlier in the day, so we had a general idea of what we wanted. However, their sashimi offerings looked better than at first. However, we went with a couple typical rolls and one or two specialty rolls. I think the best we had was called the white tiger roll, and it was just okay.
Overall, I think it was a decent meal for the money, but I'm more likely to visit Sumo Sushi or Vic's Sushi bar if I'm going for quality food. If I want a little more ambiance and don't mind spending a few dollars more, Raw is a very good choice.
P.S., they have a seemingly full bar.Dunkel, dunkel, dunkel - wenn man das auch von außen eher schlicht und schwarz gehaltene Raw betritt, ist man im Dunkeln angekommen. Das ganze Ambiente ist sehr dunkel und edel gehalten - ohne negativ düster zu wirken. Die Mischung aus rot beleuchteter Bar / Theke, die schon fast an "Rotlicht" erinnert, und kleinen warmweißen Hängelampen sowie Teelichtern an der Wand ist stimmig.
 Ich war zum Lunch da und habe mich aus der Lunch-Karte für eine Sushi-Box entschieden. Die Beilagen (Miso-Suppe & Co) hatte ich nur schnell überflogen und mich dann für die Lachs-Box mit 2 Lachs-Sushi und 6 Teilen Lachs-Avocado-Maki entschieden. Den Preis von 14$ fand ich nicht günstig, aber ok. Die Überraschung kam aber dann, als die Box nach der Standard Miso-Suppe auf dem Tisch kam: Eine wirklich große Box - hätte ich nur mal die Beilagen besser gelesen ;-) Dazu gehörte auch noch: 6 große Tempura Teile, Gurke-Maki, ein Thunfischtartar, kleiner Salat und angebratene Rindfleischrollen. So sind die 14$ wirklich eher auf der günstigen Seite angesiedelt.
Alles war frisch und gut, auch wenn es mich geschmacklich nicht vom Hocker gehauen hat.
Insofern alles in allem gute vier Sterne von mir für ein schickes Ambiente und ein (Lunch) sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis.
 P.S.: Es gibt auch noch einen kleinen Innenhof, der zumindest bei Tage heller ist...I've been to Raw for both lunch and dinner.  Two very different experiences and atmospheres.  Both were fantastic meals.
My wife and I went there for a last minute dinner on a late Spring Saturday night and sat at the bar (there is a bar and a sushi bar that are connected - if you sit at the bar, sit at the non-sushi part of the bar with more room and easier drink access).  We ordered some fantastic and creative sushi rolls, sensational sashimi, soup, sushi, a bunch of beers, and more fun rolls.  We love it all.  The lighting was perfectly dim, the music was very cool and loud enough to be "lounge-like" but not too loud to talk.  The bar tender gave us great advice for my beers and the rolls.  We had a fantastic dinner, we were not rushed, and we felt like we did very well for approximately $120.  We would go back there in a minute over Morimoto.
When I went there for lunch with a colleague of mine, we ordered a bunch of the things each of us liked best - whether it be sushi, sashimi, rolls, soup, salad, whatever.  All was very good and fresh.  For lunch, the service was fast, and the server was very helpful.  The mood of the place is not at all like dinner.  It is a great place to go for a business lunch as it is a bit expensive for just a lunch.i like the ambiance and the decor. the sashami was on point but it's expensive for no reason i guess. tryna make themselves 'high-class' but it's just not worth the price.I've eaten at Raw a few times, mostly for lack of better options.  Their apps are pretty decent, I really like the beef negimaki...but then again everything tastes better when it's swimming in butter!  As far as the sushi goes, their rolls are way over the top.  NOT in a good way!  They have too much rice and they have like 20 different things in each roll.  I don't know if it is to mask the fact that the fish may not be so fresh or what, but you can't taste the fish at all, just lots of sauce.  My server suggested that I try the White Tiger roll which is three different preparations of white tuna.  I feel like if a sushi place serves you a roll with three different preparations of a fish that is banned in Japan because it makes you sick, maybe this joint doesn't know their fish.  
Over all the service was good, a little pushy at the end of the meal because it was getting busy and they clearly needed the table.  I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.Went here for lunch yesterday...(or Tuesday?)  At the behest of my boss.  What is the deal with the service? Too cool for school.Their sushi was just OK. The ambiance and drinks are good. The cooked food was just OK. Overpriced for what you get.1225Raw is a relatively solid sushi place in Center City and it has a great ambience to share with your sushi-loving crew. I came on a weekday night with three other friends and had no trouble getting a reservation. First, I obviously checked in on Yelp and cashed in that free sake carafe! 
As we looked through the menu and sipped on the sake, we decided to share a bunch of rolls and order a sake package to share. In terms of the rolls, there is an "okay" mix of exciting sushi options. The menu is large and there are options for other non-sushi appetizers and entres. They have a few "sushi for the table options" but he variety wasn't great so we opted to create our own mix. Many of the rolls were similar to what you would see on a take out menu, but what we did enjoy seemed high quality. 
We also had the Let's Chill sake package. I found that to be a relatively good deal, and my party of 4 had no trouble finishing it. Our waitress recommended that option and I think she was spot on. 
All in all, 1225Raw is an a-okay place to get your sushi-sake fix, spend a girls night, and not pay an arm and a leg. I would definitely like to see more variation in the roll offerings though!Love the chef special rolls here. Our waitress was very polite and friendly. RAW is definitely pricier than other place in Philly, but the sushi rolls are very good. If you're going with a group of people (3-4), I would recommend getting a couple of the chef special rolls and 3-4 of the regular rolls, and spitting them. I love going in to the spring or summer time because of the outdoor patio. It's fun going with a group of people and just hanging out at the patio bar.Always a good experience. I bring clients there when in town and it is always a big hit. They have unusual roll combinations and a great cold sake menu. Fun to share different rolls and combinations. I would recommend reservations.Mediocre, at best. California roll was ok, spicy tuna roll was mushy and neither fresh nor flavorful, beer was lukewarm. Service didn't really save the experience. Methinks there must be better in this city, will keep looking...So no one told me that sushi can actually melt in your mouth but that's exactly what happened when   I went to Raw this past Saturday. Amidst the craziness of Arts Fest, Raw was a cool (figuratively and literally) haven from the crowds and delivered a delicious meal and tasty wine. Our meals were nothing over the top as we just wanted a snack but I got a California Roll and the boyfriend got an Eel roll. Both of us agreed that the ingredients were so fresh and delicious it may have been the best sushi we've had. The ambiance is very sultry and plush. My aching body enjoyed the padded velvety bar stools that Raw offered after running around Arts Fest and a Phillies game. The bartenders were very nice and accommodating making sure we had water refills and bountiful amounts of ginger with our sushi (I can't get enough ginger). I am looking forward to returning again to sit outside in the outdoor area. I didn't realize there was an outdoor area until I had already been seated at the bar and served my wine but that is a definite for next time! This wasn't the cheapest place I've gotten sushi, but well worth the money for the taste and ambiance.been here a few times now and have gotten food to go. the wait staff is very good and attentive. food comes out in a timely manor. everything is delicious and portions are great. it's sliiiightly pricey but not outrageousRaw- awesome atmosphere, mediocre sushi (at best). The sushi is over priced and I couldn't tell the difference between the sushi here and at Acme. The descriptions of their rolls sound great, but fall way short of your expectations. If you want quality sushi, then I would suggest Morimoto's. You get what you pay for!!!I was immediately impressed by the restaurant's fancy ambiance and professional staff. However the sushi was mediocre for the price.Acceptable sushi, some of the better sushi in Philadelphia. For the price I recommend Morimoto's instead. For similar sushi, Fat Salmon has less variety but just as fresh, sometimes fresher sashimi and nigiri. 
The white tiger roll here is very good and is a nice compliment if you want something other than just nigiri.
I had a couple bad experiences here which involved a piece of toro that could not be chewed. (I never send food back, but I had to send this back) and a rat on the patio which I suppose is expected in Philly, but still ruined the dining experience. 
The nigiri is priced per each piece so can add up very very quickly.5 stars for ambiance honestly, this place is gorgeous. I've eaten both inside and outside. It's dimly lit, and the staff is very helpful and very tidy. The quality of food and selection of rolls was quite pleasing. The outside patio is very welcoming, and if you happen to sit there on a chilly day they're are warming lamps. You get what you pay for in the food. My mother did complain her drink wasn't very strong, especially for the price.  But perhaps it was the drink she had chosen. I'm a huge fan of this place and it's one of the best in Philadelphia. I highly recommend. You will not be disappointed. A great place for a date or hangout with friends.Sushi is great. Prices are sky high for dinner, but Lunch specials are much more affordable and you get a decent sized lunch. 
Decor is very cool and trendy, but can be old. I've sat in booth where the seats were broken and slumped in.This place is playing off as fancy with broken chairs and old tables.
The sushi is fresh an good. The service is always underwhelming.This place was quite good.  The fish was super fresh and some of the dishes were super creative.  Tempura was tasty, my chirashi bowl was awesome and dumplings were good too. 
Tip for all:  When we went, they had a sake bomb special for $6 this is not one you would drop into your glass full of beer. You got maybe 1/3 cup of beer and the sake was served in a small glass.... Don't expect to prop it up on your chopsticks so you can drop it into your beer like in many other restaurants.  That was kind of a buzzkill when we went. We were celebrating and it would have been fun... oh well.Excellent presentation. Daily specials usually include a few inventive rolls. Moody atmosphere (dark, ultra modern, sushi chefs somewhat hidden behind the bar). Impersonal wait staff (perhaps they are working on being ultra cool?). 
Best part? The incredibly awkward bathroom downstairs. Women's on the left, men's on the right, and a shared sink area in between. Each and every time I am down there, someone thinks they've walked into the wrong restroom. It would be funny if it did not so clearly cause angst for the patrons.
At the end of the day, very overpriced - unless what you want to pay for is moody atmosphere.Ambiance: 5 stars
Everything else: 2 stars. 
So come here for like center city sips or happy hour or because you're renting the room for your birthday and you've got money to drain. 
Here's my main BEEF with the sushi place. We asked what that happy hour specials were. The waitress told us that the happy hour specials were only for people sitting at the bar. I almost got up to walk the one foot over to the bar. Isn't that freakin' ridiculous?! HAPPY HOUR SHOULD BE FOR THE WHOLE RESTAURANT. Duh.
Five stars for being class-A d-bags. Is that too harsh? Yeah. You won't find this eloquent review in the city paper. But at least I'm being real, people.Favorite sushi spot in philadelphia.  Tough to compete with new york or LA but better than anywhere I've been in chicago so farLet me start this off by saying, prior to this experience I would have given Raw at least a 4 - but I am so disappointed by this last experience and their tipping policy.
Came here with 11 of my coworkers.  We called ahead and made the reservation for 1:15, had planned on 1, but they said 1:15 was better, figured this would somewhat avoid the lunch rush.  We had 2 tables of 6, which wasn't a huge deal as they were next to each other, but semi awkward.  
Everyone's food came out except for one person - food was good, most got sushi and you can't really mess that up.  The girl who's food was missing ordered the noodles - the server said it would be out shortly.  We were all basically done so we asked where hers was, and the server said it will be another minute.  So we're all done, her food comes out and they took it off the check, very nice.  Great  - was happy they did that.
Main issue was when the check came.... there was 20% gratuity already included.  Now, our server was MIA after she dropped the food.  We literally had to ask the bartender for water.  I always leave 20% which doesn't bother me, but it makes me question if that's why her service was so bad.  And usually it's 18% gratuity.
All in all 4 for food - service without a doubt a 2.I have to admit, I was surprised at how cheap this place was. And I mean that in the most flattering sense possible.
I went to Raw for a dinner with a large group (11 people). The only hiccup occurred in the beginning of our experience when we arrived at the restaurant. Reservations had been made in advance, and hostess attempted to seat us at a large table in a back, more private room. This sounds ideal, except for the large (and NOISY) party that was happening back there... we asked to be re-seated since it would have been super awkward to yell at one another across the table... all the while in the middle of some other company's private party. 
Once seated, I saw they had a great menu with a lot of choices. While I'm not the adventurous type when it comes to sushi (sorry, take this review for face value) I did really enjoy the rolls I did order, as well as the edamame app. You also get a lot of sushi for a great price! Who doesn't love that?! Definitely check this place out.i really miss this place since I've moved from Philly! It's modern and trendy inside, the service is on point and the food/drinks are great. I've celebrated two birthdays here and gone to countless Center City Sips with friends. the outdoor area allows you to feel like you're not even in Philly. I've been here on dates, with girlfriends and with large groups of people - awesome every time.Omigosh, why did I never eat here before?  Probably because it looks a bit snooty from the outside, and I'm not one for snoot.  Well jimminy christmas trees, the food here is good.  Like seriously good.  And the fish was mad fresh, like melt in your mouth fresh, just how raw sushi should be.  We had some of the special rolls and they were little mouthfuls of heaven.  And the drinks are strong and good too.  And yes, it is a nicer place, but not really snooty.  They have an outdoor patio area, which I had no idea existed!  The service was just fine too.  All in all, an amazing meal.  Only 4 stars cuz well, it is a bit pricey for this frugal frannie.  But other than that, no complaints!Gave it a 4/5 cause the food was 'just ok' (variety was good, although the portions were smaller here than at other sushi places in the city) but the ambiance was CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTE!  this is definitely a dress up your jeans/wear a really cute dress kinda place.  great for dates, ok for a group of friends.  im always boring and get the same rolls, so i have no food recommendations for you. what i do know is that the seaweed salad my friend ordered was out of this world, so if you're bold, give it a shot :)  It gets buuuusy on Fri night/wkends, so caveat to those of you who are particular about waiters being at your table every 5 minutes.....it won't happen on these nights cause of how crowded it gets.This place is OK. The sushi is mostly decent, but not stellar. I spent a ton ordering lots of stuff as a mother's day treat so I tried a lot and overall I think "3" is a pretty fair ranking. It's kind of expensive for mediocre, but the ambiance is pretty cool, and it's in "the zone". I you're looking for a special place, Morimoto has the best sushi in Phila and actually the cooked food there is good as well for those non-raw folks. Reservations would be needed.OK.  Here is the deal.  The first time i went here and I had a bad experience with the staff.  The second time I went here - surprise!  A bad experience with the staff.  However....
The third time I came here I had a good experience.   A few items...
1.  The sushi is good!  And the way they make their rolls is interesting and flavorful.
2.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.  After a crazy day of running around it was nice to relax with friends.  
3.  The staff was excellent and welcoming.  
4.  Try the salmon and tuna sushi - it melted in my mouth.
5.  Also try the special rolls - pricey but worth it.
Also the bathrooms were nice and clean.  
I am glad I gave them a third chance.  :)Great sake menu, the watermelon sake was awesome. We ordered at least 8 type of rolls for our group and each was delicious. Fireball roll is unreal. Great menu and good prices.Excellent food. Excellent service. Love the outdoor area! Can't wait to go back again!Raw is really a great time. Cool loungey feel, and great food. The crispy spring rolls are always delicious as is the spicy crunchy tuna and my favorite, Spider Roll (soft shell crab tempura). The fish is always very fresh, the chefs are fast and the staff is very helpful. It's slightly less expensive than Haru so I'll typically go here to curb a sushi craving when my wallet is feeling light.They changed their menu. :(
My boyfriend and I would come here on a weekly basis. This was one of our regular spots but they changed the menu. No more Arina roll and they adjusted some of our favorite dishes. Will still go occasionally but we'll need to find a new regular sushi joint. Too bad...Stumbled into this spot and really enjoyed ourselves! Great sushi, tasty skewers, and a killer sake deal. Kind of like a sports bar, only with sushi and an anime vibe. Definitely recommend!Come here when the weather is nice and the outdoor seating area is open, the seats are really comfy and it's generally a better vibe vs indoors. 
I've been here twice and ordered the udon noodle stir fry with beef both times because it was too good.Very cool sushi/saki bar in downtown Philly. The sushi was very fresh and not outrageously priced. We went here on a Friday night and the hardest part was getting into the city from the 'burbs! 
The atmosphere was definitely very cool and trendy; a more legit version of a trendy sushi place than we can find in the suburbs (not mentioning any names Kooma). We were there in the February but in the summer they apparently have a courtyard that you must sit in. 
The food was great. The sushi tasted very fresh and it was very affordable for what I was expecting from the looks. Sapporo usually washes things down well also. I did not get a chance to try any of the Saki but the list looked very extensive so if you're a Saki-aficionado definitely try this place.
The other cool thing is the bathroom, it's sorta unisex. The sinks are unisex but the actual toilets are separate so it makes for some funny looks when you are washing your hands and a girl walks down thinking she is in the wrong place.Great happy hour in the city. It was a warm 70 degree day and every restaurant in the area with outdoor seating was packed, but raw has a secret outdoor area that was a hidden gem. They're happy hour is phenomenal. They have $3-$5 sushi rolls (8 a piece) and cheap apps. The ambience is also very fun. This won't be a secret for long, make sure you stop by and chow down!!we sat on the side that was outside . Amazing! after dinner drink and a few special rolls for desert.  I would go back again for sushi any time.. cozy.I have been to Morimoto, but when I want to splurge on sushi on amazing sushi I go here.  The sushi is fantastic.  But not only is the sushi great, but the other food items are great as well.  The spicy tuna tartar is one of the best I've ever had, the dark horse roll (tempura eel with a spicy/sweet soy sauce), the beef negimaki (tender, juicy strips of beef), and even the house fried rice is sooooo gooood.  
Raw has a chill environment, great, friendly service and you can roll in and yoga pants without reservations without feeling judged....or rejected.Raw is a nice sushi spot, but like Lena N. said...it's on the expensive side.  
I like their spicy tuna roll because it actually does have some heat to it.
I've tried a couple of their speciality rolls too which are creative, huge, and yummy.
The outdoor lounge is perfect for happy hour in the summertime, but can get overcrowded.   Nevertheless, the atmosphere is swanky enough to make you forget you're in Philly for a bit.  
All in all, Raw is a nice spot to chill in the summertime mainly b/c of the outdoor happy hour.  However, I just feel like there are more inexpensive and cooler places to go to for Raw fish year round.Been going here for a couple years. It was one of my first sushi restaurants when I moved to Philly back in '06. But...after all these years, the quality just keeps diminishing. The ambiance is quaint, so I do enjoy going there still. I'll just stick quick bites here though.This was certainly another enjoyable experience at an Asian restaurant (more specifically, a Japanese restaurant) here in the city of Philadelphia.
I pass Raw every day on my way to school, however this was my first time actually dining here. Fun fact, the restaurant actually stretches straight back from Sansom St all the way to Chestnut St, and at night it turns into a club which you can enter in through Chestnut St (the restaurant entrance is on Sansom).
Anyhow, enough digression, lets talk about the dining experience itself. First off, I wanted to have a Yards Ale draft, but they were completely tapped, which is now the second time I have been unable to order Yards draft in Philly (I mean come on, if you know its that good, stock more! Again, I digress...) so instead I got a Kirin bottle.
Looking through all the great sounding food items, my fiance and I were very indecisive about what to get, which doesn't usually happen (not to me at least)! Finally, I decided to go with the Beef Negimaki off of the small plate menu (a dish consisting of beef wrapped around scallions covered in this delicious sauce), a spicy salmon and avocado maki roll (they don't have this on the menu, but said they could just add spicy mayo to their salmon and avocado roll), and a shrimp tempura maki roll. I found the Beef Negimaki and spicy salmon roll to be exceptionally good; the beef dish was actually the best of the night. I didn't think the shrimp tempura roll was bad, but upon having it, I realized I should have tried something a little more outside of the box...
My fiance ordered a sweet potato tempura maki roll, and a dish off of their specials menu which was essentially a soup "hot pot' (which she requested to have vegetarian and they kindly obliged). I'm a huge fan of sweet potato rolls in general, and Raw did not disappoint with theirs, however, I was pleasantly surprised with how good the veggie hot pot was! There was a ton of flavor in the broth from all the veggies, and together we finished the whole thing.
All in all, this was a very enjoyable experience (minus the lack of being fully stocked with Yards Ale!), and I am definitely looking forward to going back to Raw to try many of the other menu items!Great meal! Made a reservation through opentable.com - nice and easy. The hostess called me to confirm my reservation, and we were in business. The restaurant has nice ambiance, good food, friendly staff, and is reasonably priced. Would definitely recommend this place.
We had a few sushi rolls, and a beef/rice bowl. Everything was delicious! The beef/rice bowl was recommended by our server and was especially good.Teriyaki shrimp was my choice for dinner. The flavors were great. Good menu choice and service too! I would go back there!I went here for a surprise party.  We were seated in the outdoor lounge area, with the sumo lounge for back-up if it rained.  The space was really nice, right next to the bar, fans blowing to keep it from getting too hot, and plenty of room to mingle.  
The food was buffet style with a first round of salad, gyoza, shrimp cocktail, and beef wrapped around some asparagus.  The gyoza was definitely the stand out in that group.  The second round of food was sushi, and chicken and salmon teriyaki.  The sushi rolls were really tasty, my favorite being the spicy tuna.  
We had an open bar, and I stuck with the pinot grigio which was quite good.  I probably didn't need to have 5 or 6 glasses though.  
Everyone had a great time.  It was a really nice venue for a party.A friend took us here while we were visiting Philly and OMG, best sushi I have ever had.  Which was shocking to me, as I was not expecting that while in Philly!  Anyway, short wait for a table, but perfect service and amazing sushi rolls.  Highly recommend.dined with a group of nine out in the terrace. the ambiance was fantastic, and the heated lamps provided warmth on a chilly fall night. but the sushi was ok. enjoyed the darkhorse roll with eel that was lightly fried tempura style along with two piece of toro.i love food. i love sushi even more! i don't think i could date anyone who didn't eat sushi! i had the lady dragon drink and the green river roll and it was alllll that i wanted. my favorite sushi has to have crunch and spice and this specialty roll did just that for me! the only negative (and the reason for four stars instead of five) is the price. $21.00 for a roll?? com'on people! lunch for two was $87.00. but i enjoyed every bit of it. the place is uber clean and my waiter was pretty sexy! they close at 2:15 after the lunch rush...not sure when they open up again.This place caught our eyes while on the way to a different restaurant. Am so glad I went back to try it! 
Very cool space, it got filled up pretty fast and they ran out of seating at the tables, but the menu is fantastic as are the drinks. 
I love a good spicy tuna roll, and they did not disappoint.The service could have been better. The sushi was good though--the white tiger was really good. We also got the beef nagamaki and the spider roll. I think I would've been more impressed if we were greeted better and had water. Maybe it was because we had a groupon?This review will echo other reviews so... you've been warned. I came to Raw on a GNO with my friend. She's a vegetarian and recommended this place as a middle ground for us since I'm her carnivorous friend. We were seated quickly on a Sunday night. There were only about 3 other pairs in the place (I didn't see the outside dining area but I hear it's really nice). I really liked the modern feel to the restaurant. Our server greeted us right away. He didn't introduce himself or recommend any dishes in particular; however, he did inform us of the specialty sushi, but $19 for 8 pieces seemed a bit overpriced for my taste. So we ordered a la carte. She got the veggie sushi platter and said it was great. I got the beef negimaki and shrimp tempura sushi rolls (6). So good I ate it all and happily didn't have to share :) Our cocktails were also pretty good. 4/5 for Raw. Yeah it's pricey for sushi but really really good.FYI: This review is based on their Restaurant Week offerings. 
I love dimly lit restaurants! I came here with a large group and I was very happy with my experience here. All 4 of my portions were not skimpy at all and were packed with flavor. I tried the salad & calamari and both came in large bowls, the salad had lots of avocado, and the fried squid wasn't greasy, not too crunchy, and flavorful. The sushi rolls themselves were very good as well. I had the red & white platter and I split that with my girlfriend's salmon dragon rolls and it was such a great idea because I got to try so many different flavors! Our waiters were pleasant and the place's interior was trendy... my only complaint was that they have the cheap, wooden chopsticks and I'm always afraid of them since I once got 3 micro-splinters from them in one sitting so I prefer they get the heavy-duty, reusable, washable chopsticks.
PS. I ate here with a group of 14 and all of our food went on 1 check but 5 of us ordered drinks to be paid separate from the food, on 1 check. They restaurant automatically added %22!! tip to that drink bill! I found that a little outrageous...The best thing about Raw is the courtyard. Since a good portion of the year is not courtyard weather, Raw is rarely on my list of places to go. 
The prices are high and the sushi is just okay. Philadelphia has so many options for high quality sushi that I'd probably just leave Raw as a happy hour option during courtyard-weather season.Awesome. 
Try white tiger roll and green river roll!
Very flavorful, especially the white tiger has a seared charred taste. Delicious!
Big servings as well
Miso soup could have been better though.We came here for my first time at Sips, but decided to return after tasting the yummy spicy tuna roll and other Sips goodies. 
I've bad experiences with swanky sushi places-- they're usually not as good as the decor they have. I had my reservations, but I was pleasantly surprised when the food came out. The o-toro was SOOOO good. Most places I've been to haven't had the best, where it's too fatty. This, however, was the perfect balance of tuna meat and fat. Mmm!Made a reservation for 8 pm for an out of town visitor. They made us wait 30 minutes with no explanation or any attempt to rectify the situation. Sushi was minced (tuna) and not fresh the appetizers may have been microwaved but the waiter was friendly. Not worth it.This place has great decor and really good food including sake, however the service is really bad. They arent very attentive and the hostess was rude.Super bummed! Came here the other day only to find out the HH menu had completely changed. The happy hour deals are now highlighted in red on the general menu making it super inconvenient to read. Ordered two random dishes - the veggie tempura and a vegetable rice dish. The rice plate was good but the tempura was a disappointment. 
The one thing I love about this place are the vibes. Indoor and outdoor seating and it typically has seating available when most other near by restaurants don't. Good place for sips!Fabulous sushi!!!  Just went for the first time last week with one of my favorite dining companions.  Very good sake - we each got the sampler. Shared 4 rolls (White Tiger, my absolute favorite, Spider Roll, Wasabi Lobster and a special roll).  All were sooooooo good.  The service was top notch and our server suggested we get only 4 rolls instead of the 5 we wanted because we had enough food, which we really appreciated - and she was right!  It was pricey, but I wasn't surprised or offended.  You get what you pay for - incredible sushi, classy ambiance and terrific service.