I thought that the overly battered fish and chips were the best ones I have had in a while.  The "hot damn" wings were charred, mostly tasteless under the thick layer of sauce, and turned my fingers black. The beers were good and refreshing.The best part about this brewery is the prices. This is one of few places in center city you can get craft beer for less than five dollars. This place is mostly clean and well kept, and very nicely air conditioned on hot summer nights, something I was grateful
for the night I went.
Along with their own beer they do serve wine and spirits as well, with a reasonable cocktail menu to match. I happened to just stick to beer, and from what I experienced their beer is generally quite typical.
I'll start with the bad; Dark Money, their saison, is extremely forgettable. It is not too spicy or salty like a typical saison, and while it is tart it is not a great specimen. Their oatmeal stout, Belgrave Crescent, starts out well enough but ends on an extremely and uncharacteristic bitter note that left a lingering terrible taste in my mouth.
There is good as well though. The Goldenrye has a nice flavor that is very crisp and has pleasant mouthfeel. Sticky Icky, their double IPA, was probably their best offering. It is slightly sweet but not cloying, and has the perfect amount of kick an IPA should have without being too bitter. 
I would come back here. That being said, I'm not dying to come back here and probably wouldn't go out of my way for more of their brews. If you're in the area and like craft beer, then by all means check it out. There isn't anything extremely unique here, but you might find a decent brew or two on tap.This was my second time coming here.  First time was only for drinks after Dave Matthews concert in Camden.  I am in town this week for work so decided to come here with a co-worker.
I had the Peel Jam IPA.  I loved this IPA.  Liked the grapefruit, orange peel flavor.  Just the right amount of fruit taste.  Would definitely order this beer again.
For dinner I had the Fig and Pear salad.  Salad consisted of arugula, Asian pears, blue cheese, and an olive oil fig vinaigrette dressing.  The portion of the salad was perfect, it was exactly what I was looking for, for dinner.  It was light on the blue cheese, which is what I prefer and the dressing was amazing.  Really glad that I ordered this.
This place has a cool laid back vibe.  Will definitely be back.Asparagus flatbread, Briscuit poutine fries, pretzels ... oh and the beer! All fabulous.The place gets one star for the bartenders.  Very rude and won't get your beer until they finish their conversations amongst themselves. Actually, look annoyed to be bother by a customer the people they are actually suppose to be there to serve and pay their wages. I got one small beer and decided not to eat because how crappy the service was and how rude the bartenders are. I couldn't even get the check to get out of there. I will never go back. They have no knowledge of the beers and seem annoyed to be there.Horrible service.  Manager ran away when questioned about order.  When she finally checked on status, never returned for update.  Hot dogs should not take an hour.  Will never return and would not recommend.Let me first note that the food and the beers were very good! My issue was all about SERVICE. 
This was our 1st time @ 2nd Story. Our hostess sat us down with menus.  Our waiter Kieran asked us if we were ready to order. Dude!! We just sat down! You got a great selection of beers, lemme soak it all in or maybe you could suggest one or two?  We asked for a few min to look it all over. 20 PLUS min later I grab the waiter as he's passing by us to place our order. We order beers, drinks, a couple apps and main courses. Apps come out, we dig in. 5 min later, main courses come out. Table is now jammed with everything at once. Waiter drops off bill. That was the last we saw him. Lol
A dining experience shouldn't be hurry up and wait and BAM, here's ALL of your food. Work on the pace. Don't rush your diners as they just sat down. And don't forget to come back to take the order!!Very good food and beer with an atmosphere to boot.  Came in on a trivia night which was entertainingly fun.  The squid inked gnocchi was amazing with clams that actually had tender meat and not the usual rubber I'm used to.  The IPAs (evolve and pacific rim crusher) were equally impressive.  Finally the staff were attentive and nice.  Win. Come to to NYC please.A group of us wandered in after having a great time on the Big Red Bike Tour.  We sat in the back and ordered some beer and apps and had a great time joking around with each other.  Our server seemed ready for quitting time and not happy about having customers come in, even though the place was open for another few hours.  Everything was average at best (food, overpriced drinks, atmosphere) and nothing here stuck out as special. I'm somewhere between 2 and 3 stars, but because our server was such a party-pooper, I'm going with 2.Went on a double date here and had a great experience! The food and drinks were delicious and decently priced. Even though 2nd Story is known for their beer, I got some kind of fruity margarita and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with french fries and that hit the spot as well. At the beginning of the meal, we found out it was our waitress' second day on the job, but she did fantastic! Definitely recommend trying this place out.Its not how it was when i 1st came!!! It was nasty tbh not worth it and very over priced! Watery drinks just wasnt good. And the waiter SUCKEDDD!!!!This was a good bar. They have flights of the beer they brew in house and that was a huge plus. The beer was really good and worth going to this place alone.We attended the brewery with a large group.  I had the Hot Cider cocktail with rum. It was delicious.  The group had several appetizers.  I had the Adult grilled cheese and side salad.  My husband had the Salmon entrée. Food was tasty and filling. Servers were very good with our group of 25.  Food was served quickly and with pleasant demeanor.  On a structural note I loved their character period restrooms. Even though I am not a fan of beer the restaurant did not disappoint.A couple of bar tenders took our drink orders. 1 male and 2 females. The 1 male and other female were fantastic. So nice. explained the drink menu. This was our first time here so knowing the beers and specials is a big plus. Michele (one of the 2 females) was not so nice. She was extremely rude. She slammed a beer on the bar running all down and splashing everything She never apologized. She never smiled at us either. What a horrible experience. We didn't even get to enjoy our visit because of such attitude.Pretty big tap room with an upstairs area (closed for a private event when we were there), a big side room with sit-down tables, and a whole lot of communal seating. Lots of TVs for you to watch sports (or Ninja Warrior, in our case).
They have a ton of beer styles available. Wasn't blown away by anything, but it's a good option if you're into local beer.
By the end of the night, there was a huge group who came in and took over most of the place, so getting service was tough. But hey, good for groups, I guess.We ducked in here to take a beer break from sightseeing in the Old City. The interior is modern with spot lighting. The long bar had several sports games on the TV. Not being familiar with their beers, the bartender was very helpful with samples. In general, the beers were hoppier than to my preference, but it seems like a nice place to hang out and enjoy brews with friends or watch a game.Stopped in on a whim before going to a concert at TLA. Excellent beer selection but we stuck with their house made beer. The pretzel bites appetizer were to die for! Paired with a stone ground mustard and a hint of honey and some beer cheese fondue. I got the shrimp BLT which was served as two smaller sandwiches. The fries were fresh and great dipped in the leftover beer cheese. 
My boyfriend got the burger with an egg on it and it was huge, perfectly cooked and just delicious. The prices were what I expected for food and craft beer.Nice selection of beers, local and international, the pulled pork sandwich was very good, my friend had the flat iron steak , also very well cooked ....yummy desserts to finishI really enjoyed my first time at 2nd story! It was great. The service was a 10, the food was a 10. I could have just had a bowl of the cheese fondue they serve with their Fritz's fries. They were delicious. I enjoyed the beer list and the home brews and the whole atmosphere.Five star service and three star beer. So I am spoiled from living in Washington and Colorado, but the beer here was quite good but not great. The service was fantastic though, with very lively bartenders who seemed to genuinely love working together and enjoyed the job. Nice location in old city Philly also.Let's make this easy. Do you like beer? Do you enjoy the company of Philadelphia's finest bartenders serving you drinks and food? Do you enjoy the smell of cedar wood? Go to 2nd story brewing company! They offer a great menu,try the 2nd story burger- the tomato jam is a great touch, or one of their pizzas. It's hard to get a good pizza at a commercial brewery- don't you agree? Keep it simple and try all their beers with a flight. You will not be disappointed. Take your girlfriend. After all arn't we all just looking for someone to share that "second story" with?Reasonably priced to be sure.
The vibe is fun with good music from
The 90s, seasonal options, and a setup that is conducive to talking while not being forceful. 
I was enthralled with the banana infused hefe. Good stuff.The restaurant is awesome, great atmosphere but I have to knock off a few stars for the beer. I ordered an IPA and lager and both underwhelmed, as a brewery brewing right upstairs I think they should be putting out top notch brews.I took a trip into the city to try something new. I ordered a sampler of four brews, all of which were outstanding. I had the lager, ipa, stout and bitter. I would have tried four more but my chicken sandwich was huge and delicious. The bartender was excellent. Great service and helpful. The place started to fill up for lunch, With beer like this it should be hard to find a seat most days This brewery defiantly deserves 5 stars for beer, 5 stars for food, 5 stars for service and 5 stars to the brewer who has a giftThis brew pub is pretty freakin awesome.  You walk in, and there's huge amounts of seating, high top tables, and a very long bar that expands the entire wall.  There's an upstairs too, so you can see the large beer vats in the works of producing your delicious suds.  
I went last week during restaurant week, and was surprised they actually participated in the 4 courses for $35.  Even though the options were impressive, I didn't order anything from the restaurant week menu because the regular menu looked good enough, and was much cheaper.  I had the Adult Grilled Cheese, which was absolutely delicious.  3 different kinds of cheese (including manchego!), bacon, and a really yummy sweet apples inside, on thick sourdough bread.  I would totally order that again, every time!  It was a huge size too.  I got a side salad instead of fries, for no upcharge!   My date ordered the flat iron steak, cooked perfectly med rare, nice job chef!  The steak came on sprout hash with brussel sprouts and a really tastey demi glaze drizzled on top.  So good!  I want to come back and try the quinoa, fig & pear salad, and the Brisket in a Biscuit!  Looks so good!
The beers were average, they had too many pale ales on tap.  Not enough variety for a brew pub, but I do understand the IPAs are more in-season than tripels or sours, and I'm sure they will brew other stuff as the seasons change.  They had one stout option, I would have liked to see 2 stouts or a porter.  But they did have a Helles and a Saison, although the Saison was slightly bitter.  Also, they have a select few other beers that are not brewed by themselves, as second choices, which I liked.
Overall, 4.5 stars, but rounding up because the atmosphere here is totally cool, the renovations are stylish, the food is fantastic, and the service was great!  Also, an extra point because you can order smaller pours of beer for a lesser price!  No point wasting money if you don't like the beer, order a small to taste it!Great menu and food all around, and the atmosphere in here is inviting, but the slow service on a not-that-busy Sunday early evening was disappointing.
Braised spicy pork fundido was a good appetizer, the menu describes it well-a few more chips, but a tasty dish.
Crab salad was really good, with lump crab meat and good produce.  My boys continued the seafood kick with a Shrimp BLT and Fish & Chips-they finished everything and said they liked what they had.   My wife enjoyed her Scottish Salmon.Seriously torn on this rating. Right now, 2nd Story is hovering around 3.25 stars in my head... I think. Maybe. I'm not entirely sure. And I'm not sure they are either.
Since they opened, my visits have been spaced out at every two-three months, it seems. Each time I walk in, they have nearly a whole new draft list. Each newly named brew appears to have a similar flavor to its predecessor, and I'm not sure what all the switcheroos are for. (And..yes, I just seriously wrote switcheroos on a public website and I'm not going to delete it.)
A quick look back at my Untappd shows a favor toward their early/winter offerings, like the Riverwards IPA, and in March, the Revolver IPA. I've yet to see either again.
I think it's great, especially as a newish brewpub, that these guys are trying out things to see what works. But I also think that a touch of consistency could do them a world of good. Like the Hall and Oatmeal Stout? Where'd that pretty thing go? Or heck, the Sticky Icky IIPA was fantastic too.
Yesterday, upon asking for some recs, the bartender suggested their lager. He informed me that it's similar to "Yuengling in a can" to which I'm sure my face replied with "...." Slippery slope to compare to a giant, even if they may be a nearby/classic giant. Needless to say, I did not go for the lager.
I'm hoping to see a few familiar names on the menu my next time in. Like where'd the Tilted Barn go? I vote for a return!
As for the food, everything I've had so far has been great, but especially the adult grilled cheese. Like grilled cheese? Try theirs.This place is awesome! Great service, great beers, and great music playlist! I had the anniversary tripel and barn burner... both were fantastic.Great food and great beer. I had the fried chicken sandwich and we split the pretzels as an app (the cheese that comes with them is bangin'). 
The kitchen screwed up and didn't bring my sandwich with the pizzas my friends had ordered. After a few minutes I asked the bartender if he could check on my meal since my friends had already gotten theirs. He immediately comped the meal and my glass of wine without my asking and went back to the kitchen to get my food for me. I'll definitely be going back.This place was delicious. We went there for a celebratory dinner and ended up celebrating that we'd gone there. The pretzels were great. My burger was great. Everyone else's food was great. The only thing I'd change is I wish the beer menu told you how hoppy the beers are. For instance, I thought their saison was much hoppier than usual (and more than I was looking for right then). Anyway, it was excellent.My wife and I shared the homemade pretzels and the asparagus flatbread for lunch. Simply put, awesome! We could have had a bucket of the beer fondue dipping sauce made with their lager. The flatbread had shaved truffles on it. Our server Marie and the events coordinator/bartender were extremely personable. Highly recommended.Came here for the first time on Saturday for some day drinking and college football. The look of this place is absolutely fantastic - from the seating areas (very sleek) to the bathrooms (gender neutral shout out) to the second story brewery style aesthetic. The beer list was impressive (also considering the in-house brew option) and the food list made my mouth water (I was famished so decision making was difficult). I opted for the Dark Money Saison and was delighted with the taste and crispness this beer offered. After much deliberation, I decided on the fish and chips - other food on the table included the arancini, Tilted Barn Farmhouse Burger, and fried chicken sandwich. The arancini were to die for (something I rarely have by get overly excited for when I see it on a menu) and a perfect was to start the meal. The chicken sandwich looked amazzzzing (definitely getting that next time - it's topped with fried pickles and jalepenos!), the burger looked good, but I must say I was a bit disappointed in the fish and chips. The tartar sauce was incredible, but the fish itself wasn't as bready as I hoped - when I get fish and chips I want greasy and super deep fried, but the fish was a bit meaty (which honestly is not a bad thing, just not what I was seeking with this particular meal). I will definitely need to return here to try some more of the food.
Just as an aside, our server Julia was fantastic! She was attentive but not overly so, made sure drinks were always filled, and ensured that we had a lovely time. Another shout out to the manager-in-training who changed the channel on the middle TV to show the LSU game!Okay, so maybe i wont miss Triumph!We hosted 50 for dinner and almost 100 for after dinner event.
2nd Story was the perfect venue with A+ staff and service.
Dinner food was excellent. Served family style. Wonderful homemade desserts. Great choice of brews kept all happy. I can highly recommend after our experience.Recently opened brewery that offers great food and good craft beer. I ate the Rustic pizza, my friend had the Adult Grilled Cheese, and another friend had the Cheeseburger. All of the food was phenomenal. They have these pretzel fondue bites that were delicious. I plan on going back several times, both for lunch and at happy hour.Cool vibe.  Loved the beer and cocktail selection.  Our waitress was fantastic - she had great recommendations and was attentive.  The ploughmans platter was a great appetizer - a charcuterie with meats and cheeses that change daily.  Our entrees were excellent - the adult grilled cheese and the braised short rib did not disappoint.  Beer and cocktails were reasonably priced, the food was a little of the expensive side but not enough to sour the experience at all.The space inside is great but my experience was not. We started with delicious beers and I put an order in for wings. About 2 wings in, I realized the meat was really really pink, almost red, on the bone. They were not fully cooked. We told our server and I was a little underwhelmed with her concern over the fact that the kitchen had just sent out raw chicken wings. I'm not sure she realized how big of a no-no it is for a kitchen to send out under cooked meat. A second order of wings came out. They were cooked through a little better but still too fleshy for me to stomach them completely. I think we left about 4 or 5 wings still on the plate so even the 2nd round of wings was wasted. I would come back for a beer but it would take me a while to want to eat here again.Great spot. 
To be honest, I guess I walked in not expecting much from friends saying "it's just OK" or " only go for the beer" but you know me, I have to try the food. 
First off -- beer is great. I really enjoyed the stout and the jigsaw IPA. Prices are reasonable anywhere from $5-7ish per beer which is standard these days for crafts. 
The food that we got was good as well. We shared the pretezel bites with mustard and beer cheese sauce, really good on both. I don't usually like mustard, like fake yellow mustard, but real mustard seed is really good. I tried the squid ink gnocchi which was really good! I'm a huge gnocchi fanatic and freak, and usually really picky and this gnocchi was good. Great and exact soft pillowy texture that I was looking for, and the tomato based sauce with the shrimp and mussels accompanied very well. Not exactly pub food, but I loved it all the same!
Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well. I'll be backGreat place - 2 floors - made reservations for 8 we came early and they went overboard in trying to accommodate us.  Beer was fantastic particularly the Red Letter Rye Beer.  Food was good - I liked the shrimp BLT a lot - others liked their meals but weren't wowed by them as I was with my BLT.  Great vibe - great beer - decent food (for a brewery) - what more can you expect.  Definitely a place to visit while in Philly if you're into beer.Really cool space.  It's bi-level with a larger bar on the first floor with unisex bathrooms and a smaller bar upstairs with different areas that look like they could be sectioned off for private parties.  The bartenders are really knowledgeable of the beer and great at making recommendations. Definitely worth stopping in, if your into beer.The dearth of quality brewpubs in and around Center City is perplexing given how beer-obsessed the city is. This lack grew even more vexing with the recent departures of Nodding Head and Triumph, whose beers I didn't particularly enjoy but filled a needed niche nonetheless. Upon hearing of 2nd Story's arrival in the old Triumph space, I grew eager to see whether or not the new ownership had improved upon the brews and bites available previously.
Though I did not sample any food, the four beers I did try all hit the spot. Brews sampled included the Adsultim, Riverwards IPA, 117 Pale Ale, and Tilted Barn Saison. Of the four, the saison fared most poorly as it lacked some of the complexity I associate with the style, but was still quaffable. The other three varieties all refreshed immensely and celebrated the nuances of different hop varieties. None were aggressively bitter, as the brewers here seem to favor the more flavorful and aromatic hop varieties like Citra, Cascade, and Chinook. A healthy mix of malts also kept the beers complex and interesting.
The beers were rather affordable, too, at $3-5 a pint with cheaper, smaller sizes available for those with less gastric real estate than me. Few things beat an incredibly fresh beer, and I look forward to continuing to sample 2nd Story's selection (and maybe catch a meal - the food looked damn good).I came to 2nd Story Brewing for a birthday dinner this past Saturday with a group of 9. The first floor is really expansive and had tons of seating area. Most of the tables were casual high wooden chair tables which I prefer because it seems less formal and more easy-going. When you first walk in on the right there are lower seats but still had the wooden bench/stool theme going. There was a staircase that led to the 2nd story (gotta live up to their name, right?). The bathrooms were super cool and gender-inclusive. Both men and women go into the same area and each individual stall has a sink, paper towels and mirror in addition to a bigger sink outside all the stalls. I was a little confused at first because I only saw men when I finished going to the bathroom, but we were all good. 
As for the food, I was slightly disappointed. The pretzels were apparently people's favorite and they were decent - but not as moist as I expected. The mustard was VERY strong (just a fair warning) and it was $8 for 8 small donut-hole sized pretzel bites. As for food, I split an asparagus flatbread with my friend and we each had about 3-4 slices and it was filling enough! If you like beer, this place would be great for you. There were a myriad of beer choices and the flights of beer looked super good! Unfortunately, I don't like beer so I didn't try any but according to my friends it was good. 
Other food reviews:
Pulled Pork Sandwich ($17) - small for the price. Simple bun, pickle and pulled pork that was overly salty and texture was soggy.
Fish and Chips ($17) - 2 HUGE COD FILETS. Wish I had ordered this and if you're in the mood for some scrumptious, crispy, beer battered fish and chips - this is your thang!
3 Hot Dogs - did not come with fries on the side... why not?? And the waitress failed to tell my friend so her bill came out to be a lot more than she expected. I'm not a fan of poor communication, if something doesn't come with a dish, the diner should be made aware otherwise it seems like the restaurant is taking advantage of its customers.  
Furthermore, our bill was incorrect (billed for 2 fish and chip dishes even though one was ordered + the fact that fries didn't come up with the hot dogs). Service was also pretty slow and it took me about 20 minutes to flag down the waitress. A few times, I flagged down a bus boy and he went and got her for us. I expected that they'd be better prepared for a Saturday night. Total bill was $191.01 for a group of 9. Perk is that they didn't charge us a cake cutting or plating fee which is nice! There seemed to be a lot of people on dates here so in summar: 
Ambience: 9.5/10
Food: 4/10
Service: 5/10
Facilities: 8/10
Location: 9/10Update: Ever since we came here the first time, we've been returning regularly and bring almost everyone who comes to visit us. We've never been disappointed. It's the perfect spot for a casual dinner & and awesome drinks. I think we love it so much because it's just an easy, casual spot. You pop in, have some drinks, eat some food, and it doesn't feel like a whole event; everyone needs a go-to spot for that.
Original: Went here with my boyfriend & his cousin to just get a casual dinner and some beers.We were drawn in by the awesome chalkboard signs they have out front. We had the pretzels which were PHENOMENAL, definitely will go again just to have them again. I had the shrimp BLT which was really good. The bread it's on is amazing. It's a generous portion too. Both my boyfriend & his cousin got pizzas and both looked and smelled amazing, and they said they tasted just as good as they looked. The service was fine, no long waits for anything and our server was attentive. I'm not a huge beer drinker so I just asked the waitress for her recommendation of a lighter beer to try and her recommendation was spot on. My boyfriend got a flight and seemed to like each one he tried except for the sour beer - I tried it and it tasted like vinegar. That aside, we will definitely return!Great service and very tasty burger and beer.  If you're looking for a neat little bar and eatery, this is it.Visited for the first time, having lunch with a work colleague. It was pretty quiet, I suspect because it was pouring rain, which probably kept some of the lunch crowd indoors. The restaurant has a really nice feel inside, with a high ceiling and open floor plan. The dark wood and stone interior sets a relaxing tone. The decor is kind of sparse but stylish. We found the service to be great -- all the servers and other staff were very friendly and welcoming. The food was quite good. I had the deep fried chicken sandwich, which probably isn't all too healthy, but very tasty. It was also pretty large. I was hungry and felt well fed. My colleague had the meat lovers pizza. It looked good, and he said it was pretty good tasting. I think I was happier with my meal than he was with his. I drank their Vienna Lager with lunch, which I really enjoyed. In fact, I drank two of them. Overall, I had a great experience here, and I would definitely return to taste more food and beer from their menu. If you're in Old City, you should give this place a try.Few things make my heart go pitter-patter like the words "brewing company." I'm just a sucker for good, unique beers, laid-back bars and tasty, unhealthy pub food - and "brewing companies" usually have all three. True to its name, 2nd Story didn't disappoint, and the legacy lives on. 
While I didn't love Triumph, I was kind of bummed to see it close for some reason, so I was excited when a new brewery took its place. 2nd Story did some really nice renovations and warmed up the space - the bar is huge, with seating for maybe 35 people, lots of wood paneling, nice sparkly holiday lights that are actually cute and not obnoxious, and high top tables all over the place. We were there on a Friday night, and it was packed, but we didn't feel crowded or sardine-y at all; it was more like "Look at all these friendly people who want to drink beer with me and I don't want to punch any of them in the face!"
The menu was a nice mix of classic bar food and snacks and some more unique stuff - I was super pleasantly surprised to see that they even had cabbage cups (aka lettuce wraps) made with Beyond Meat, a new meat substitute product that's supposed to be awesome. I'm aware that statement is kind of like geeking out, but as a vegetarian, that stuff is cool...right...? My man ended up getting the pork fundito dip and I had a delish grilled cheese. Both were yummy and comforting on a freezing winter night. 
The only downside of the night was the fact that while the huge bar was awesome, it also meant that it took a really long time for us to get service. The two bartenders just seemed overwhelmed by the number of people they had to take care of and it felt a little bit like we were sitting on the loser end of the lunch table where no one wanted to give us drinks. In a nice karmic twist though, we were sitting right in front of one of the taps and when one of the bartenders accidentally spilled a glass of beer she was pouring, she comped us our next round simply because she "almost" got beer on us. Woop. 
2nd Story, I like you a lot, and I think Philly will, too.Love their beer! Going here is appropriate for all types of occasions and moods, whether going alone or with friends and family. Plus, excellent location to historic Old City Philadelphia.Get the hefe here it is full of bananas and located in a great hidden gem in philly. Served right away and very friendlyMore stars for terrific location, atmosphere and that the beers are all theirs, no crap. And five stars for being able to plug in your phone to charge right at the bar!
Now for my criticisms: the menu is much less interesting than a year ago so I was very disappointed.  I had tomato basil soup. Tomato purée out of a can plus spices.  And they forgot to put the garnish on in the kitchen. I've been disturbed recently by restaurants' recipes being composed primarily of ingredients from a number ten can.  Don't they make those big cans for prisons and nursing homes?
I'm guessing that the chef moved on and the business manager thought that the food quality/creativity does not actually have to be very good; that the location and level of inebriation of the (mostly tourist) customers means don't bother with really good food.
Beer was fine.  
If, however, you want to weep with joy over beer selection and quality then Uber over to Monks Tavern.
Good neighborhood for strolling however.I'm not in the habit of throwing out 5 stars to everyone. If you can take me back to a simpler time after one bite, I can guarantee 5 stars immediately. However this review is easily a year overdue. I've been watching the menu since and it doesn't disappoint. The wait staff are very attentive and can answer any question regarding the beer on tap. The pairing is on par with most. I have to say that the grilled octopus is absolutely the best that I've had. I wanted to walk in the kitchen and shake the chefs hand. Not everyone can get the texture right with octopus. This place is a permanent bookmark for meHefeweizen was flat. Lager was good. Fish and chips were good as well. The dude bartender was a dick, but the chick bartender made up for it and came around to check up on me. Maybe it's a Philly thing.This place is fantastic.  Food was excellent.  Beer was great.  Hoping to come back again!Very excited to have this place open to fill the Triumph void. Having a brewpub in Old City is a necessity.
Visited here on a Friday night in the midst of first Friday. Despite the crowds we were able to call 30 min in advance to secure a table for when we got there. After a pleasant welcome at the door we were taken to our table promptly.  
Our waitress was very knowledgable about both the food and beverage menus. I would recommend getting a flight of 2nd Story's beers if you like to try a lot of different brews because you can get four 5oz pours for $7.50!
The only reason this place falls short of 5 stars is because of the food. Don't get me wrong- it was all very good, but it did not blow me away. 
I'll be back for the beer, keep brewing!More of a brew-pub than an actual brewery, though you can see the brewery tanks above the bar which is cool. Walking in, it's a classy/modern feel with exposed brick and wood beams in the ceiling which is really cool. Everything is new and updated, and there are 10+ single bathrooms in the back which is very nice and convenient. The bar itself is massive and runs the length of the first floor, with a solid surface (slate?) bar top which is pretty cool. There are four large TVs behind the bar as well so this is a solid choice of a place to catch a game. Had some beers (stick icky was my favorite, declaration IPA won the silver medal) and the chicken sandwich. Beers and food weren't mind blowing but overall were satisfying. I'd recommend this place for groups or small parties who want a causal atmosphere with plenty of food and drink options. Side note: this place never seems to be that busy and you can likely show up (even if a large party) without a reservation.We showed up around 730 and the place was busy, so we figured the service wouldn't be the best. However, our low expectations weren't even met. We waited 15 minutes to be seen by a waitress (who was nice). Ordered drinks and dinner - the beer came and then the appetizers. Then dinner was served. Between placing our drink and food order and nearly finishing our meal, the waitress never came back.
The flat bread pizza was completely undercooked. The pretzels were dry. The grilled chicken sandwich wasn't bad. Overall the food wasn't great and the service was worse. Would not recommend this place with so many other options in the neighborhood.Bad experience. We ordered two flights plus some other beers. We tried the flights, did not like them, and quickly asked to swap out for other beers. The waitress allowed us to switch, and took one of the flights away. When the bill came, the waitress told us her manager said she could not take the flights off the bill. Never experienced that before, next time let us know at the start.Love this place. Great food and beer. The draft list is amazing. Staff is very friendly. Sit at the bar or a table, same great service! They now have Quizzo, which is always fun.  Just please bring back the burgers!!!Derzeit die beste Empfehlung für ein Brewpub in der Touristenzone von Philadelphia - sehr ausgeprägt gehopfte Biere, halbwegs preiswertes Essen und nette, bierkundige Bedienung. Die Musik ist leider unvermeidlich, aber immerhin nicht zu laut.Excited to see this place open after triumph closed. I think the food is better than Triumph. Had a flight of four beers and enjoyed the saison the most out of the pale ale, lager, and brown ale. The beers ranged from $4 - $6.50.
They gave us a beer menu, food menu, specials menu, and bar snacks menu. I thought it was too many pieces of paper. They also suggest beer pairings with their food. One of the beers they mentioned was not on the beer menu which was a bit puzzling.
We had the chicken entree and a chicken sandwich which were both very good. The roasted chicken entree came with gravy which was great.Just happened to be downtown and popped into Olde City to grab a quick bite. Our bite turned into a wonderful meal and an evening of Quizzo:) Thank you Connor for your great service! We will be back!!It's Saturday night and you're in Old City Philly. You try to go to Eulogy:packed, you then try Khyber Pub:also packed. So you mosey down a block to the modern brewery 2nd Story. The good news is that it's food is good, mixed drinks are good and beer is good.
I spent a week in Philadelphia and came here on a weeknight and there were only a couple tables eating and several people at the bar. One of the 76ers came in and had a drink with a friend at the bar too. Coming on a weekend the place is full but it's not packed shoulder to shoulder like the bars in the area.
Service is hit and miss. Their A team is the bartenders so sit at the bar if you want good service. You can get a beer flight or a pint. The desserts were normal with and add on flavor and were good but not great.
I would like this place more if they had bigger tables and maybe some games in the back corner. Overall, it's a good spot.This restaurant was two blocks from the hotel we were staying at and just happened upon it. The menu was very different and eclectic and we ordered the beet salad which was amazing we talked about that salad throughout our whole trip. Everything about this place was great the next time we stop in to Philly this will be our go-to placeMy husband and I went to Philadelphia for our third anniversary.  Our first brewery stop in the city was 2nd Story Brewing.  It was one of my favorite visits of our whole trip!  John behind the bar was great, super knowledgeable, helpful and entertaining.  There were two other guys that kept popping in at the end of the bar that were also great.  The beer was delicious!  I loved the Declaration IPA and the Good Magic.  We just split a flatbread to eat something and that was good as well.  We had such an amazing time!!  If we ever end up in the Philly area again, we will go back!Great beer and delicious food! I normally get a flight (4 beers, $10). This time, though, I just went with the IPA and a Pale Ale. Both great, hoppy beers, less bitter than West Coast varieties. The food this visit was the best yet. Roast beet salad with well dressed greens, roasted onion sticks, on a pool of goat cheese like a greek yogurt. Delicious! I also enjoyed the roasted salmon with asparagus over a horseradish cream, that was a great combination. The place can be busy on a Saturday night, but with an upstairs space and good size downstairs, there is rarely a wait.We had a terrible experience at this restaurant.  They sat a party of 35 with one server.  The poor woman tried as hard as she could but her management refused to give her the support she needed.  After 2.5 hours of waiting for food we walked out.In town for business staying at the Hilton. Easy walk, Good food, great atmosphere. Service a little slow but I was in no hurry. Fantastic beer choices that are brewed in house.The beer is fine, probably 3 stars.  They only have two IPAs on tap and they are both super bitter, but they don't taste terrible.  The food on the other hand, is not good at all.  I had the roast chicken and it was probably the driest chicken i have ever paid for. The potatoes that were served with it were also bland and a shade above dry.  My wife ordered the curry, that was editable, but not really flavorful.  I don't like curry though, so i will not dwell on that.  For dessert we ordered the chocolate pretzels and creme brûlée.  The pretzels were rock hard and dry.  The brûlée looked like cheese cake and was also very dry.  Overall, this restaurant was not good for food.  They had a good atmosphere and decent beer, however, i would not recommend eating there. Good luck.Food was below average .  You would think they would have lots of beers on tap for being a brewery... only 5. No biggie. I have only heard good things about this place which surprised me when the food was terrible. Service, OK.. Wings, ok... can't really mess up wings. The server recommended the adult grilled cheese, when it arrived it was 60% bread with a piece of cheese and 1 piece of bacon. I paid for toasted bread. I am not exaggerating it was all bread. The soup was gross as well.
When we asked for ranch, 10 minutes later someone brought out tarter sauce ... 
much better places in the city.My boyfriend and I stopped in for a beer the other night, so this is going to be short and sweet:  2nd Story Brewing has WAYYYY better beer than Triumph ever did.
We were able to walk in on an early Saturday night and get a seat right at the bar.  Two bartenders (yes, two!) came over right away to take our order.  I got the Five Mile Ale and he went with the Grumpy Old Man Irish Stout.  Both beers were flavorful and hit all the right notes.  I was a happy lady!
I'll definitely be back to try some of the food!  (Pretzels, I'm coming for you!)My husband and I wandered in here on the first night of a long weekend in Philly. I'm very glad we did. 
We started off sharing a flight and some arancini, both delicious. We both ended up ordering the same thing as an entree- the tilted farmhouse burger. It was delicious, but very very rich- I couldn't finish it all. 
The thing I was most impressed with, however, was the service. Our waiter was named Ryan, I believe, and he was probably the best server I've ever had. When he found out we were in Philly for the first time ever, he gave us a ton of awesome suggestions for things to do, places to see and food to eat. He was super attentive, talkative and friendly. 
The food was excellent, but even if it wasn't their service would still be worth a high rating!My husband and i had a great lunch here. To start, we both ordered flights of beer. I ordered one off the menu and the bartender did a custom one for my husband. The beer was really good. My favorite was the Adsultim. I was happy to have a small pour because it was a high ABV. Their food was also really good. For an appetizer we had the pretzel bites. The bites were very good but the two dips were amazing. I ordered an adult grilled cheese. The fruit jam on top of the different cheese and bacon was delicious. My husband also ordered a burger that he really liked. If you're looking for high quality bar food and good beer this is the place to try!Very good lager! Asked for salmon to be grilled but seemed to be pan fried. Decent meal in any case. Decent casual atmosphere too!Great dinner the night before the NFC Championship game. We arrived and they were on a wait so we grabbed two bar stools for cocktails.
No sooner did we get the drinks then our table was ready. We headed upstairs and were sat close to the window and able to see the busy street down below.
We split the brisket poutine and a burger and both were delicious. The service was solid and we had a great time.pleasantly surprised. awesome beers. awesome food. awesome service. great place to watch football. we had the brisket on a biscuit and the adult grilled cheese and a lot of fries... and more beers than necessary on a sunday. everything rocked.Food 5 stars, staff 5 stars, ambience/appearance definitely 5 stars. This place is one my favorite eats in this neighborhood (olde city). I like to find good food that's reasonably priced and this spot is on my map for sure you'll leave here full satisfied and most definitely drunk if your drinking sticky ickys at 8.3 % alc. 
Try it out you won't disappointedGreat service, beer, and food! Really like their seasonal draft selections.  The arancini are really delicious, and I would go back just for those.  Staff are really friendly and accommodating (we had a small child in our group and they sat us in a great low table with a booth in the back).  Will visit again!Just stopped looking for a late afternoon lunch and a drink. Everything was great. The pretzel appetizers were killer especially the cheese dip. Very friendly staffDelicious food and fast service! We got the pretzels, burger, shrimp BLT, and adult sundae! Would definitely come back!Really enjoyed this place! The service is excellent, the food is great, and the beer is awesome. Will be back, and recommend to others!I've been here twice.  First time, the bartender was rude and had ZERO sense of humor.
They also ran out of Tito's vodka.  Never heard of such a thing.  
Their martinis are TINY for what you pay for them.
Food is just fine but nothing that you'd remember or couldn't make yourself at home.
Not a fan.I had the adult grilled cheese and it was delicious. I really enjoyed the added flavor of the apple chutney! It was different than anything I've ever had and the sweet of the apple really complemented the salty of the bacon. My side salad was pretty disappointing, it wasn't horrible but it was a little wilted and soggy like it had sat mixed in the dressing for a while. I understand they probably have a giant mixed salad they take from for the side salad, but I would suggest putting the dressing on the side or at least waiting to mix in the dressing because i think it would have made the salad crispier. 
The service was pretty average. We sat outside, which usually means service is a little slow (to be expected). Our server was nice but not incredibly personable. He was a little short with us, not in a rude way but like he was rushing and just wanted us to give our order so he could move on. I understand they might have been busy, but it's still nice when the server is a bit more personable. 
Overall it was a good experience and I would eat here again.The only reason I'd deduct a star is because the waistaff is sometimes a little rude/inattentive (my server ignored us while we had empty beers and blamed it on 'having a table full of women back there, you know how they can be'...YEAH BRO WOMEN ARE ALL BITCHES AMIRITE.... wtf) but I can't deny that the food is amazing. Pork fundido is soooo good and I got the spaghetti squash as my main which I cannot recommend highly enough. Beer is good, nothing particularly extraordinary but it was good.Andrea H was an awesome bartender and gave us a lot of great advice on where to go in the cityDecent place, service needs work. The past couple of times I've come our service was slow. To be fair, we were sitting outside though. Last time I went was a Sunday night for dinner. We were a table of 4, ordered 1 app and drinks at first. Waited 15 mins for the waiter to come back with the drinks and then we put in our entries. Our appetizer came out at the same time as our dinner, and the waiter just gave us a half-apology. The food tasted good, and they  have lots of fun beer! Problem is, the service was so slow we could only order 2 rounds of drinks from when we sat down to when we felt like we had been sitting too long so we asked for the check.
I would say if you're looking for an American Pub and you have time to kill, it's not bad. The pretzel app is my favorite. The Fried Green Tomatoes had too much breading and weren't very good. Definitely try one of their beers.Excellent craft beer with new brews introduced almost weekly, a good and diverse food menu, and solid service. A must visit if you're looking for great original craft beer with the perfect food to pair.Stopped in last  evening  for  a  night  cap. Had a beer flight,  All the  beers  were tasty but the  stout was outstanding! Next time  will  have some  food.  Only downside  is  the parking.This place thinks it's a lot better than it really is.  Definitely trying hard to be hip but maybe trying a bit too hard.  Food was good but not great.  Drinks were good but served in thimble size glasses.  Weird bathrooms too - gender neutral which I don't have an issue but 3 different stalls were out of soap and hand towels.  Service was also slow.I had the curry stew and it was rather flavorless for a curry. I would definitely not get this again. My friend ordered the apple cheese sandwich and it was my first apple cheese sandwich and I was a huge fan. I am now going to try and make my own.Although the beer was good, the service was terrible. We waited 20 minutes for a waiter to approach our table, then waited another 15 minutes for the drinks to be delivered to our table. I would not return here.Pretty nice food selection.  My extra rare burger actually came out extra rare! That's a big deal!I had the grilled cheese with bacon. It was good. It had this cool apple chutney. Shannon had the fish and chips. The waitstaff worked really hard. 
Definitely going back.Went for lunch. Great space. Great low-key vibe. Good music playing. Food was absolutely delicious. Service was great. No complaints. Definitely will be back. Try the Fritzie Pretzel dish and the fig & pear salad.... so good!Good food, nice cocktails and craft beers (you can get a tasting flight of four 5 oz beers) in a comfortable relaxed setting. We got scallops & the quinoa salad-both excellent. Would definitely come back.This is my second time at 2nd Story! Both times on a weekday but during happy hour, it's a chill environment, not too crowded especially since the place is very spacious with lots of tables. The sound is moderate, so not too loud. The servers are pretty fast. An extensive beer list, only 5 cocktails, and some wines. They offer citywide which is a beer and a shot for $6, that's a steal if you're trying to get in some trouble haha, they also have $5 wines at happy hour. 
Server said they changed their menu so it's smaller, only one page but I'm guessing it was the lunch menu. Wings are $10 for 8 wings and they were really good! Highly recommend, the hot wings are similar to buffalo wings, but the Sambal and HONEY GLAZED wings are a must! Gets a little too sweet after the 6th one but it's so good. The menu didn't say but it had a spicy kick to it, too! The taste kind of reminds me of Vietnamese BBQ pork flavoring. You can really taste the use of honey but blends well with the salty and spicy Seasoning. For happy hour their house made pretzel bites are $6 and you must try it. It comes with their mustard sauce and a creamy cheese sauce, both are good, my personal favorite is the cheese. I work nearby and everyone raves about the pretzels here, it probably cost a bit more during regular hours, but definitely try it. I'm not usually a fan of pretzels but theirs are fluffy, soft, and perfectly salted. Their poutine fries are $12, but it's cause it's as big as an entree. Personally not the biggest fan of poutine but my bf always gets it. They recently added a fried egg to it, which makes everything better imo. The fries were drenched in the gravy sauce and cheese so if that's what you're into, go for it! It has pulled pork on top too. I thought it was a little too salty. My bf said the poutine was mediocre compared to other restaurants with poutine. I've had their meat lovers pizza which I really enjoyed, it's a good personal pizza if you're hungry and also good to share if you ordered other stuff. Bar food with a twist, cool place to check out.One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Adsultim DIPA was very good as well.My friends and I went on a Saturday night to check the place out. I like it! It's new, so it's still working out some kinks, but the prices were good for the amount and quality of food (I recommend the grilled romaine salad) and the drink choices were excellent. It was very hot though. So hot that my group asked to be re-seated. Fortunately, our request was granted immediately and without any problems. Would definitely return again, as I can see this quickly becoming a local favorite.Beer was good but food not so much. As a group we ordered a few apps that were all pretty unfortunate. Hot dogs were actually very good though! Good place to have a few drinks as long as you don't plan on having a meal there.2nd story has beer to suit every taste, even mine, which I define as "girly."
The adult grilled cheese and pretzel bites are really yummy.
It's a nice place, plenty of room for sitting at the bar and extra tables on the second level. Friendly service.
Even the bathrooms are nice. If there was an award for "Restaurant/Bar with the Best Eco-Friendly Toilet Paper," this place would win, hands down.
I have never felt so many levels of comfort in one evening from a single place and would highly recommend stopping in if any of the above appeals to you on a regular basis.It's a solid 3
The food was pretty good. We shared the grilled cheese and mornay pizza. The salad looked like a salad that came from a bag.......wilted and brown. But other than the salad can't complain 
The beer was ok as well, a lot of good variety 
The service was abysmal at best. Waited at least 15 min before anyone took a drink order.......no one came to ask if we wanted additional drinks or anything. 
15 more min to get the check
Would def come back maybe a different server would make for a better experienceSlow service and a SUPER weird food menu... sat down and looked at it, then walked back out after waiting 20 minutes to put in a drink order.This warm, rustic bar beckoned me in on a blustery, freezing Wednesday night. In town for business, and catching up with a local friend, we decided this place was the best bet. A new brewery with old school charm. Our bartender, Andrew, greeted us quickly and suggested we try some beer (shocker right?). Well, 2 sips in and I fell in love with their porter. Obviously malty, but hints of complex flavors like coffee and caramel left you feeling a liitle more sophisticated than you were 10 minutes ago.
We asked Andrew what was best, and he said the burgers were award winning. "Okay Andrew thanks a bunch" I thought to myself. I guess my expression said the same thing. Before I could follow up with "why's this burger different?" Andrew rattles this gem off.... "Our ground beef has brisket to keep it fatty, around 75%, tomato jam, a fried egg, fried jalapeños, and cheese." I think it's called the Brian Burger. It's not on the web as I write this. He had me at 75%.
Best burger I have ever had. Andrew wins....
If you are a tourist, try this place, you won't be disappointed. If your a local and you haven't tried it, you will find out what you have been missing. Might as well try it sooner than later.Catching up on about a months worth of Yelp reviews. This place is only getting 2 stars because the food was good for bar food. I came with a group of 10 people. As soon as the waitress came over to take our drink order from it became apparent a group of 10 was going to be a challenge for her. I asked her to split the check seeing this would be a problem and gave some long excuse about not splitting because gratuity is included for large parties. Ok, fine. Fast forward, when the check came our party wrote our name on the card and amount on the check for her to divide. She comes back to the table and says "ugh I don't know why you gave me this extra card there was no $ amount on it." She charged everyone else to make up for what she missed on mine. Needless to say while I was close with a few people in our group others were people I only met for the first time and they were charged for my dinner! The waitress could have come over and double checked if she thought she had an extra card but she did not. This waitress has crap for brains and this one bad experience I had with her is enough to make me never go back again. They were able to accommodate my nut allergy however.I defiantly give this place a 4.5 out of 5. Walked in during dinner time on a Friday and got seats right away.  I order two different beers the first being the German Helles beer variety they had and it had a very good taste not strong at all and it was very much on the lighter side for beers although with higher alcohol content which I did not notice it .  I also had the persuasion and this was also a very good beer to also being on the lighter side and this of course was a wheat beer and had good flavor of the wheat and rye with a mild hint of grape in it. 
Now for stater I had the tomato crab bisque and although it was very good I felt it may have been lacking the crab but what it lack with crab flavor it sure made up with a good bbq tomato flavor that was very much welcomed with the cold weather.  For entree I had the "secret" Becca style burger and although I forget exactly what the condiment on the burger was it tasted of a bacon aioli and it really made the whole burger I could not get enough of it and if you should make your way over here I would recommend this burger. 
Overall I had a fantastic outing with a charming and relaxing atmosphere and the warming surroundings of the great bar selection and the overshadowing of the brewing tanks there is not much lacking at the 2nd Story Brewing Company.I had the sliders and pretzel bites both were amazingly good! I also had their house beer on tap! It was delicious! The atmosphere was very cool and unique! The bathrooms were not your typical bathrooms. So bathroom goers beware! Overall, I was very pleased with the food and the service. I would go back again in a heartbeat!With no plans..we consulted Yelp and it came through.This place had great food,and a pleasant attentive staff.Would heartily recommend,if you're  in the Old City/Penn's Landing area.I had a horrific experience there. We actually had to call the police on the bouncer. I was out celebrating my 30th birthday and I went out to accompany my friend while she smoked a cigarette around closing time. The bouncer refused to let us back in even though the rest of our party and our purses were inside. We told him we had to settle up and he was aggressive and rude towards three woman. I tried to call for the manager and he pushed me and told my friend to "shut the fuck up" . The manager took a round off our bill to try and make up for the bouncers behavior, but it was really too little too late. I rarely write reviews, but the behavior of the bouncer was so reprehensible that I feel compelled too. Buyer beware!Service was a bit slow, and they originally brought out the wrong meal to me. Other than that the food was great with lots of beer options. Good vibe to the placeGood beer, but that's where it ended. Our unfriendly waiter never told us about the beers or the brewery itself. I told him we were from out of town, and tried to spark up some conversation...but pretty much got ignored. We were planning on staying to eat and watch some baseball, but never was offered food. I even watched the manager stand behind the bar and avoid eye contact when my drink was empty.I checked this place out for the first time with my husband this past Thursday evening. I hadn't been here since Triumph occupied the space, so I was excited to check it out.
To say the least, it seems a little disjointed. If I'm visiting a brew-pub type place in mid January, I'm going to expect to see seasonal beers on the menu - porters, spiced ales, stouts, etc. Instead, I was surprised to see a menu filled with IPAs, IPLs, Pale Ales, and a Red Rye Ale. The only dark beer in the house, an Oatmeal Stout, was kicked of course. I settles for the Red Rye Ale, which was just ok.
We also ordered the Fondue Fries, which came out ice cold. The "fondue" sauce was also a little strange - it had a raw flour taste and was a little lumpy like the roux hadn't been cooked out and whisked long enough.
I also have a huge beef with this new trend in service, and by service, I mean disconnected hipsters who have no interest in actually delivering a memorable or even acceptable experience. Wanting a cocktail, I tried to engage the bartender, asking questions about what cocktails he likes to make, etc. He couldn't give me a straight answer and didn't seem interested in making anything. I finally settled for an Old Fashioned that was drinkable at best.
This place is in a great location. It has so much potential to be great. There are a lot of loose ends that need to be tied up, however. Make the beer list more seasonal, fix whatever is going on in the kitchen, and train your bartenders to serve their guests a little more enthusiastically. I will give this place another shot for sure because I want it to be good. Hopefully I just went on a bad night.This place was great. Good beer, good food and good atmosphere. I had the burger and it was cooked the way I ordered and was very juicy. Good place to grab a bite to eat.Excellent brewed ales and great atmosphere. Tried 2 flights = 8 different beers and all were great.  Good value food I had mussels and seafood stew both very tasty.This place is awesome! Nice vibe and great beer! Had the Declaration IPA, John Hull Meloncamp, and Weizenheimer, and they're all quality beers. Also, for Makenna. Super chill bartender and knows her beers (and lent me a phone charger)!Good beer, not so great food, and too pricey.
Had a couple of beers, which were good (reviews are on Untapped), but the food was marginal and way over priced.
Service was decent.
Note for management, while I love 80s Rock, I probably would mix it up a bit more. Only so much Hair Band I can take during a 70 min dinner.Loved loved this place 
Went with a group of 15-20 ppl on a snowy Saturday night
Went and took over the upstairs bar
Great vibe 
My favorite pint was the fritzie
The appetizers were delicious
Cheers to this brewery TRIUMPHing in their freshman outing
You can eat drink and be merry here
They also have a large room upstairs for private parties 
Can't wait to go backGreat service. Good food. And good beer?! 
Walking by you may not notice this big space as it fits in with the other brick buildings in old city, but inside is a cool, huge, brewpub. The beers in house are always good and there's rotating selections. You can tell the owners care as they work to pair their food with the beers. 
The food is also good. Definitely a step up from the food served when this place was owned by Triumph. Snacks or meals, there's lots of good options, including vegetarian friendly options. 
Talk about service. We held our wedding reception here. Stephanie was s pleasure to work with. She worked with our budget and made sure we got the most bang for our buck. Day of the event, our guests were impressed and well served. Everyone liked the food and drink and the staff knew my wife's and my drinks and refilled us before we could even ask. They even helped us load up our decorations the next morning! 
You won't disappointed checking out 2nd Story.We enjoyed a great meal.  We ordered a beer sampler which helped us decide on the favorite of the evening - 117 pale ale.  The  endive salad was amazing.  Even my husband, not a salad or vegetable person, enjoyed it.  The burger, with tomato jam was also really good.  We will return to try the pretzel bead puddingAll drinks were delicious! Really cool space with interesting industrial look. Huge upstairs and big bar downstairs. Delicious food and good apps to share. Recommend the shrimp BLT and adult grill cheese - plates big enough to share!Apps:
Braised spicy pork fundito: 
Really good. Creamy and spicy with big chunks of tender pork. The chips were nice and thick and were well suited for heavy excavation. 
Smoked brisket sandwich:
Wasn't a huge fan. No smoke flavor to be found. I should have realized that there wasn't a smoke pit in the middle of Philly, but I was on my 4th 16 oz. Pennsylvania Lager (which was incredible) so I wasn't thinking straight.  The biscuit was really good though. 
Adult Grilled Cheese:
5 stars. Loaded with cheese and bacon on some nice thick and crispy bread. 
Fried Chicken Sandwich:
Another great sandwich. The batter on the fried chicken was really flavorful, and remained crispy throughout the meal.Full Disclosure: I don't drink beer so I didn't try that, although I was assured by my beer snob companion that it was quite tasty.  This review is only for the food.
My meal here was quite delightful.  I'm always a bit wary of brew pubs since I worry they focus too much on the beer and less on the food, but this is not a problem here at all.  I had the Brisket on a Biscuit and I made myself sick, because I could not stop eating it thought I was full. The brisket was cooked to perfection and a generous pile was heaped on a delectable biscuit and covered in a subtle, yet delightful, cheese sauce.  The fries were crispy and light, despite looking pretty thick.  
I only wish I had been able to try some appetizers, which looked really good.  Well, I hope to be back soon, so there is time!Staying in town for the night and found this place was just up the street from my hotel. I arrived just after 8:00pm to find the bar area nearly deserted. Plenty of tables and room at the bar as well. Not sure if I just arrived between dinner and late night but was a little concerned.
The bartender was nice but not too talkative. Gave me a glass of hot cider to warm my hands and body after my cold walk. Ordered a sampler of the beers they had on tap - all were decent, nothing earth shattering. The menu looked good, ordered the pretzel bread pudding and although it wasn't very pretzely at all, it was still quite good. Definitely intend to return and try more of the food.Nice atmosphere, great beers to select from and good food. Enjoyed the homemade donuts and the fried things!Came here on a beer tour. I would like to return and try more of their beers if I have the chance, I'm from out of town. We had a beer sampler and lunch here. The food was amazing! We had pretzel bites with a cheese and mustard sauce, awesome. Adult Grilled Cheese which was super tasty and probably some of the best tasting chicken wings I have ever had. They aren't your typical wings. They may have been fried then grilled and weren't drenched in sauce but they had awesome buffalo flavor! My favorite beer there was the adsultism ipa. The area this restaurant in looks cool. I would like to come back when I have more time and try more things.There was apple and blueberry cider for me and an IPA that my husband really liked. The food is also very good. It's nice to visit a brewery with great bear and food. We will be back!Took a quick trip to Philly from Baltimore and Googled brew pubs and came across good reviews for this place. They were right.  All the beers I sampled were on point. Had a flight of the My Better Hef.. Weisenheimer, Fritzie's Lager, John Hull Meloncamp, and the Daisy Point Pils.. All were great.
The Hef was was slightly sweet with a hint of banana but a not too bitter finish.
The Meloncamp was a good IPA (and I'm not a big IPA. guy) flavorful with  a nice bitter finish. Nice lacing too.
The Weisenheimer was a weisenbock.. little bit of cinnamon and sugar.. 9% ABV.. but drinkable and not heavy. Nice malt tones..
The Pils was very drinkable. Not too sweet or bitter with a little spice and a crisp finish. On point with German pilsners.. 
My favorite of the night was the Fritzie's lager. A Vienna style lager.  Smooth, creamy and slightly sweet. You could drink these all night. Slight maltiness but not too much. 
I thoroughly enjoyed all these beers but Adam the general manager was great.  Easy to talk to and explained each beer and the name in detail if there was a, story behind it.  
All in all a good night.Great experience ! Being from NJ my boyfriend and I took a road trip and due to his love of craft beer stopped here! Made reservations which helps and was seated immediately ! Great beer selection and waiter helped us pick what we would like ! Had the wings ( amazing ) as well as the grilled chicken sandwich and burger. Great food and awesome atmosphere !Great experience here! Bartenders/staff were very welcoming and friendly. Beer was great and the food was amazing (and reasonably priced). Later in the evening, there was a reggae band playing. We recommend it- and will be back!!Used to be the old triumph brewery. Really don't know what the difference is between this brewery and triumph. Pretty much the same beer and food.The home made pretzels with cheese fondue and horseradish mustard were amazing!!!!
Service was great and attentive. We sat outside and that area needs some TLC. The hostess had to pick up some trash and tidy tables before we could sit down and chairs were not too clean.  
Beer was great with huge selection. And those pretzels... Wow... We will be back!I hope our experience was not representative but the bartenders were so rude throughout the night, and at the end complained about the weight of our credit card (?) it was very bizarre and unwelcoming. We are really respectful and low key patrons, philly locals, and the people who were staffed the evening we were here were beyond awful. Will never come back.Beer was ok but the food was amazing. Got the short rib queso fundeto and it was delicious. Would like to try the beers again.Great environment and service. Tried the Fundido. It was a good (not fantastic) but filling enough to last you for tours down the road. Declaration IPA solid choice.Beers and cider were good. Fundito was the best food and pretzels were good, skip the rice balls.The location near the independence hall is great.  There is lots of room on the two floors and while there may be a crowd, you can easily engage in conversation.  While the bartender in my area was not in a good mood and not the most cordial bartender I have experienced, we all occasionally have bad days and I can't fault her or the establishment.  There is a pretty good selection of beers and I greatly enjoyed 3 out of the 4 beers in my flight.  There is a pretty good variety of food available on the menu and there are lots of TV's.  My only knock is that the brewery  was highlighted as one of the top 10 brewery tours in the Philadelphia area in 2015 and now the brewery does not offer tours.Although this place came highly recommended by friends, I wouldn't wish this experience on my worst enemy.
Checking in at the host desk with a party of 4 for Saturday lunch we were told the wait would be 15 minutes. We grabbed a seat at the end of the bar and ordered some of the house craft beer. After waiting 20 minutes we decided to check in at the host station to get an update. I was told they were sorry, but that it would be a another 5 minutes.
After another 15 minutes, I checked in for a status update. She apologized and said that we were next. With the tab paid for at the bar, we waited... And eventually after more than 45 minutes we were given a table.
Seated at table with no drinks, and no water we waited another 10 minutes before the waitress stopped over for the initial greeting and drink order.
We then ordered drinks and food. We asked for an appetizer to come right away and ordered all 4 meals and drinks. Drinks came right away. After a reasonable wait everything came at once. Having specifically asked for the appetizer first and no cheese on the salad we were disappointed to find both requests virtually ignored. The waitress swapped out the salad and, per our request, comped the appetizer. It just sucked that one of our party had to wait even longer to eat. 
Our waitress did not stop by at any time to check on our meals or to see how we were doing. In fact, I counted her walking by, or in the vicinity of our table, no fewer than 5 times while we ate. The chicken I order was very dry and I wanted some dressing to help get it down. I had to wave the hostess over since the likely hood of our waitress stopping by was low. The hostess took care of the problem but since my request for help had a bit of justifiable attitude, I was given an equal amount of attitude back when she dropped off the dressing.
Since the beer and food were only average, the service was all we had left and that, I'm afraid, was some of the worst I've ever experienced.Great food, service, and beer! The ambiance was nice and the prices were very reasonable too. The cheese plate and the brisket on a cheddar biscuit were excellent. Our train was running very late and we called and the hostess was very accommodating for us. We would definitely recommend this place!We had an amazing time at 2nd Story in Old City.
The ambiance here is wonderful - down-to-earth, but still a nice place. There was a group in another area of the bar, and they didn't disturb us at all. We were a group of three and able to dine casually on the lower level.
Our server, Mairead, was very friendly and happily recommended various menu items. 
As a vegetarian, I enjoyed being able to choose from several options. I ended up going for the "Falafel Burger" - not your average veggie burger! We also had the pretzel fondue (yum!) and finished off with the Lava Cake. 
I had one of their Ambers and was quite impressed. I also had a John Barry cocktail and it was good. I will say that most of their cocktail options are rum-based, but they have a full bar, too.Very good beers, excellent atmosphere.  Love everything about decor and general vibe of this place. Particularly enjoyed Fritzies Lager and the Belgrade crescent nitro. Staff was very beer knowledgable and friendly.  This ones sure to be a beer fan favorite.We came in with a group of friends after brunch to continue the festivities with some drinks and they told us it would be an hour for a table, even this guy we could see plenty of open tables. So we went to the bar for drinks and found an open table. They said we could stay at the table as long as we got our drinks at the bar. When we went to get drinks, the bartender refused to sever us drinks saying our friend was drunk because she accidentally dropped her ID. They refused to serve any of us, would not give us an explanation, and just ignored us. We could clearly tell they were treating us differently then other non colored customers. Incredibly racists and rude service, will never go back!Not great, but not terrible either. It's a decent brewpub in a decent local, so the place has momentum. It's nothing to write home about, though. It's a bit on the noisy side, the pricey side, and the food is decent but a bit humdrum. The beer is good, but again, nothing that really stands out. As other posters have said, there are so many other choices in this area, it's hard to say "this is the place!"Stopped by for a light lunch of a couple of appetizers and beer. Great location, nice staff + delicious food. Pretzel bites with a stone ground mustard + separate cheese dipper. Tasty! Also ordered the brisket poutine; also very tasty. Plenty for two. Their usual on tap Fritzie's lager hit the spot + my partner's "better hef" was very good too. Should have bought a growler of each but walking around Old City carrying growlers seemed like too much work. Will come back here!Must go. Great atmosphere! The boys were slightly disappointed that there were only 4 of their brews on tap tonight. I had a cranberry cider that was good. Ordered the pretzel bites with cheese fondue (delicious) and the chips with fundido (cheese, pork, jalapeños, pico de gallo). Both were big hits! They were out of the lava cake which was a bummer. They have ice creams made with some of their beers. Chairs at the high top tables are low, which was kind of annoying.We came here for a weekday lunch. The place was almost empty but the service was not particularly attentive or fast. The sandwiches were pretty good, fries ok, fish and chips were nothing special. Kids meal included a massive helping of burned chicken strips. I tried the beer sampler and was underwhelmed. In a pinch I would come back, but I would not highly recommend. I do think this place is fine for kids during the day.Awesome food and service. The adult grilled cheese and five mile mild were delicious!Amazing food and wonderful service... I had an awesome time with the help of Ryan R. my knowledgable, helpful and funny server. He knew all about their custom brews and was able to make great suggestions especially for a first timer. I will definitely be dining there again real soon.My new fave spot in Philly! I've been twice when visiting in town. Love the location and atmosphere. Food is very flavorful and fried to perfection. The customer service is excellent too.One of the better brew pubs I have visited. Great customer service and a warm atmosphere.  I had a seasonal pumpkin stout and a IIPA.  The pumpkin stout was creamy and rich and the IIPA had an awesome citrus flavor. Both beers were excellent.  For dinner, I enjoyed the pretzel bites and the burger, which were both better than expected.  The mustard dip for the pretzels was perfect.I came back to 2nd Story Brewing Co. as a courtesy of the manager who mailed me a gift card after my last experience here.  A friend joined me at 9 pm on a Monday evening. There were small groups of other people inside so it felt warm and inviting on what is otherwise a pretty dead evening. 
We got seats at the bar and I asked our server for an order of Bryan's pretzels & Fritzie's fondue.  The bartender likened them to Auntie Anne's pretzels. I'm not sure what happened because 15 minutes later I realized our server had left for the evening and the pretzels had not come out. I guess our server clocked out so I asked the other server who was working about the pretzels. He came back from the kitchen and apologized and said there had been a miscommunication but the pretzels would be out shortly. They came out a few minutes later and it was a nice sized portion of large buttery pretzel bites with a horseradish mustard and cheese dipping sauce. Wasn't a fan of the horseradish mustard, it was a bit too strong for the buttery pretzel bite. The cheese was good but I wish it had a little more edge to it. 
A band came on to play by 10 pm. I normally hate house bands but I have to say, I really enjoyed them despite the fact they were a bit too loud to carry on a conversation with the person next to me. When the check came I noticed the pretzel bites had been comped which I appreciated.
Still a little undecided on how I feel about 2nd Story after my 2nd visit. It seems they deliver with good intentions but miss the mark a little. I do like that they are open late. I'll probably come back to sample more food items from the menu the next time I am looking for late night food.Where to begin!!! 
First the beer. I am a huge fan! I got a flight of their year round IPA - really crisp and not overly bitter; Haka pale ale - amazing! A beautiful golden color ale with nice citrus notes; the bock - my favorite! An easy smooth drink with caramel notes; the black ale; dark yet perfectly light and smooth. Honestly my bf and I loved their variety and flavors and wish we had them in north jersey!!
Now the food!! I've had two of the best things ever from here. 1st the split pea soup - the best I've ever had!! So green and hearty with a lovely taste of peas. 2nd the roasted spaghetti squash - it was mind blowing! So buttery and complimented by crunchy hazelnuts and creamy ricotta; this was heaven on a plate. 
Compliments to the brewer and the chef!We stopped on for drinks and appetizers- good menu selection- the mussels were outstanding! The on-site brews were very good. We will absolutely go back again!My husband and I were in town for a convention - we love trying local craft beers, and 2nd Story Brewing was the perfect spot for us!  The atmosphere was great, and they make a really good DIPA with just the right amount of citrus.  The menu offers something for everyone, the food is tasty, and the prices are very reasonable.  I highly recommend 2nd Story Brewing!Enjoyable bar, great for large parties.  My girlfriend didn't love one of the beers she had and when I mentioned it to the bartender he immediately offered to take it back and switch it with another one.  Excellent customer service.
I didn't try the food but I heard from others in my group that the Spicy Pork Fundito was great.Went here randomly with a friend on New Years Eve and it was a wonderful experience. Each staff member was very helpful from the moment we walked in the door. Great atmosphere, delicious beer and yummy apps. Looking forward to going back.Yes that's what I call a brewery!
Modern and sleek architecture!
Good beers on tap.
Good food.
Trendy.
A place to be seen.
I will be back!Great $7.50 flight (four 4 oz. pours). Very yummy Adsultim (double IPA, 8.0% ABV). Really enjoyed their crab salad (with Serrano ham crisps!) and seared scallops (with blood oranges and pear/pistachio purée!). By all means, a worthy successor to the spot previously owned by the late Triumph Philly. Cheers!John contacted me after my review and send me a gift card to come back in and enjoy a meal on them. Looking forward to coming back in!Large space with tons of natural light that offers outdoor seating. Obviously they brew their own beers and their IPA is pretty tasty. Have only had the pretzels and fondue but they were tasty and complimented the brews. Bartenders have been attentive and professional but not exactly what I would call friendly.Beer is fabulous, food not so much. Ordered fish and chips and the batter was soggy without taste. The fish was good once you skinned it from the batter. Overall, yeah to the beer, boo to the food 
Service is good.Yelp says open till 2 am but not true. I tried ordering a beer at 11:30 pm on a Thursday night and they stopped serving beer.After a bit of a walk through Old City and then the waterfront, wanted some brews and snacks before heading out. Oddly nice day out, so got a window seat at this very large brewery. 
When given the chance will always get a sampler ($8.50) - the Nubilus and Adsultim are strong IPAs with big hops, the Great Pumpkin has a flavorful pumpkin taste, and the Fritz being their generic lager that pairs well with food. Speaking of food, shared the Pretzels & Fondue ($8). The mustard has that spicy kick that doesn't completely clear your sinuses like similar mustards tend to do. Cheese is rich and both go very well with the buttery pretzel bites.
Service here is excellent; our waitress came in quickly and offered helpful suggestions. The place itself is good for groups or couples, with seating abound inside and outside. A great drinking hole in the area that I hope I can stop by again.I was expecting a standard neighborhood brewery bar and found a beautiful bar/restaurant, co-ed bathroom (tre chic), and very friendly staff instead. This building is gorgeous and I love the open concept they're rolling with at the moment. My sister and I split a flight and shared the asparagus flatbread. The beer was good and the flatbread was exactly what we needed (although would have liked a little more asparagus). Great addition to a city already bursting with great beer.Four stars for the beer. I didn't eat here, but I did partake in three of their own brews and all three were very good! I've had some better in other brewery's so I didn't give it the 5th star, but definitely worth the trip! BTW: my picks were Heffewible, five mile ale and Pressure drop.I grew up about a mile from Triumph Brewing Company in Princeton, NJ. While I never got the chance to sample Triumph in Old City, I was most excited to see its previous space was taken over by a new brewing operation.
I came here for lunch yesterday and would rate the experience about a 3.5. The space itself is great: exposed brick/industrial feel. A handful of high top tables and lower tables in the more intimate "dining area."
As for the beer, rock solid: I went with the four beer (5 oz. each) sampler for $7.50. While I liked them all, the porter was my favorite, followed by the pumpkin, adsultim IPA and the oatmeal stout.
As for the food, the burger was just okay: no fresh tomato - just arugula and minimal tomato jam. While I ordered it rare, I found it a bit dry and boring.
I sampled the adult grilled cheese: while this had all the makings of seeming awesome, it lacked any real zip.
Service was friendly, but slow and a bit awkward at times.
The bathrooms are co-ed, which is a little weird, but each stall is basically its own little room with a sink.We found this place by accident when I was reading the map wrong. It ended up being our favorite meal of our get away weekend in Philadelphia. My husband had the salmon and loved it. I had a salad with added grilled shrimp. Delicious!!The best spot for good appetizers and even better beer. Casual and comfortable environment employed with attentive and kind staff. Not to mention its located in a perfect spot in the city, tucked away yet still close to tons of other great spots (perfect bar hopping area) and right around the corner from the Market-Frankford line (east-west subway).Meh. Today I got the poutine to go. Looked nothing like photo, which is kinda understandable since take out, but everything was a congealed mess and I picked it up within 12 minutes of ordering (told ready in ten). Also, the menu says it has mushrooms. Mine had no mushrooms but did have celery and carrots, two stew items I can't stand. The cheese was congealed as mentioned, not like cheese curds. Tasted fine but not something I would ever order again due to mixed up ingredients and the way it tasted in my mouth (mushy fries). So that's either the take out quality, word of caution, or the way the fries just are.The beer selection is great. The deco is great as well, got that awesome Philly vibe but the food was way too salty for us!Very positive experience here. Came in and sat at the bar and was pleasantly greeted by 2 bartenders. Had the Declaration IPA which was quite good and for food the shrimp BLT which was awesome. All around highlight recommended and will be back soon.This place is awesome! For a place only open 2 weeks, it was so good. We each got a flight and there was not one beer we did not like. We also got the Pretzal bites with fondue and all I wanted to do was drink the fondue sauce, it was that amazing. Also tried the "Fi-getta Bout It" cocktail...AWESOME. I wish I lived in Philly for this place alone.I had a very disappointing experience here last night. The service was absolutely terrible. The portions were very small. We all ordered entrée salads with protein on top. They were very skimpy. I had this entrée here several other times and it was dramatically different than what I received last night. 
After we complained they did make it up to us by giving us a bunch of free items. While this was very nice we came here for large salads after the gym and wound up filling up on free pretzels, banana bread pudding and french fries. 
My friend ordered a glass of wine upon her arrival, it didn't come to our table until after two reminders and our entrées had already arrived, how unfortunate as she usually orders a second glass, that's lost revenue. 
When our entrées arrived they had minimal salad dressing. The server didn't check on us, when we finally got her attention and asked for the salad dressing, still it didn't come to the table and neither did my friend's glass of wine for quite some time. The server should be checking in on the table to make sure they have everything shortly after the meal arrives.   The place was not that busy and server seemed extremely overwhelmed.
This is such a beautiful venue and the place has such so much potential, all you need to do is give people a good value and the place will be filled up. One friend who was with our party wanted to take a look upstairs for her daughter's rehearsal dinner but she was denied access to take a peek because there was a party going on. What better way to determine if you want to have a party in a venue then to see one going on? It seems odd that they didn't allow her to take a quick look. Now after this experience she's not even considering having the event there. 
While the food was tasty and the venue is quite nice I'm not sure we will be returning anytime soon. 
I will give credit to the manager providing us with some free items and adjusting our check. However,  I do think they really need to adjust some of their systems and certainly the quality of their food if they want to stay in business.When I stepped into the doors of 2nd Story, I thought, this is a real nice place.   No doubt, the space was great and the hostess was very nice.   She took us to a table and unfortunately sat there for 20 plus minutes before our waitresses finally said anything to us and the another 10 minutes we received our first drinks. 
The bar was hopping, but everyone there was being served quickly. After getting out first round, it got a little better. The beer was good, but the service could have been betterThis place has a cool concept but is still working out the kinks of a new restaurant. The beer menu offers nice variety and all beers were reasonably priced. We got the potato cauliflower soup and and rustica pizza. The soup was fantastic. The pizza was very average. We got three beers, a soup, and a pizza for 34.00. This makes it very reasonable for old city. We went on a Saturday night and the staff was a little over stretched. The food menu is a pretty limited but I think in time with some minor changes this place could be awesome.This place is a hidden gem of old city! A group of us were walking around starving and stumbled upon this place. Not only was the beer fantastic, but the hot dogs were AMAZING. The onion and bacon jam one may have been the greatest thing I've ever tasted. They come on a fresh pretzel bun and let me tell you, I'm craving one right now. Will definitely be returning, as during the week they have pretty good happy hour deals! No complaints here.Beers be cold like you never SEEN. Then I had some fried risotto balls and I was like WHAT. ARE YOU SERIOUS. Bar tenders be dancin like no one's watching. Free beer samples as far as the eye can see. Make a boston girl feel welcome in the PA. Definitely coming back to get my drink on.Got into Philly and wanted to check out the local brewery. Immediately, we were approached with a sour attitude. The bartender told us that they were out of food and we should leave. We politely told them no, we were here for drinks. We asked a few simple questions about the beer and the process and were treated with short, snide remarks. My group of 5 thought maybe he was just in a rush but the bar was fairly empty. The beer was decent, but we were left with such a sour taste in our mouths to give this place a decent review. 
Customer service skills go a long way, 2nd Story. Remember that.I'm already a big fan of local Philly beer, but I'm overjoyed to see another good place on the scene. 
Came in on a Saturday evening. Expected it to be crowded but the large bar had room for the two of us. The beers all looked really interesting and at a great price. I had the Wheat the People (okay I had two) and it was the best new beer I'd had in a long time. I would have tried more, but this one was so good I had to have two! 
The bartender was nice, funny, charming...handsome. He let me try a sample of the beers I was curious about. We had 5 beers in total, but only spent $26. Now that's a good afternoon.
Looking forward to heading back next time I'm in the neighborhood and enjoying some more delicious beers!Really good service , even though they were pretty busy waitress was super friendly and gave recommendations and inputs for the beers.
Tried a flight of tasters but visit got cut short so didnt get to stay and enjoy a pint. Will go back next time in PhillyGREAT DINNER at 2nd Story! Try the burger & the beer ice cream sundae. Be sure to sit with John at the bar and leave a big tip, he's awesome!!!The inside is really neat and has lots of room for a big group. There are charging outlets below the bar so that was a neat surprise. The staff was friendly and answered some questions for us. We tried the IPA and German blonde and thought it was pretty good. We also got a flight afterwards and the ferm du meil was awesome. 
They have about 10 beers of their own so check them out!
They Also have a full bar.I had been meaning to check out 2nd Story Brewing since I moved to Old City and finally made my way over last week for dinner (I've been back twice since my first visit- shocker! Can you say 5 stars? ;)). I'm no beer cicerone so I won't pretend to give you any helpful tips on that front. However, all 3 of the servers I've had at 2nd Story have been helpful in choosing a beer and provided samples to assist those of us winos out there. From the menu my favorite thus far has been the Fig and Pear salad (Add shrimp. Believe me- just do it.) but everything I've tried so far has been fresh, flavorful, and filling! (re: bianca flatbread and arancini). Second Story Brewing will definitely be (//has already become :D) my new neighborhood go-to!So we came here with high hopes - Yelpers seemed to enjoy the food and beer - but we left with a lackluster taste in our mouths.
1. Food - Nothing special. My group came hoping for a few good apps and pub fare. Everything we ordered was either over-cooked or under seasoned. The pretzels were terrible. Also, their tables are disproportionately high with respect to the stools they seat you on - with the result that I felt like a toddler trying to reach the table top as I ate... weird feature.
2. Beer - there wasn't tons of variety in terms of ABV or flavor. If you are a fan of 4-6% ABVs with a small range of hoppiness, this is your place. The good news for this place is that they were very helpful in recommending beers to go in the samplers and trying to get things that their customers would like. 
3. Service - the waitress was quite attentive when we first sat down. She was friendly and knowledgable. That said, once we had ordered, she disappeared and it was quite difficult to find her again to take care of the bill. 
Ultimately, the food filled the hole and got our night started, but we definitely didn't stay for a second round and probably will not be back.So this review is based off my two minutes I spent in this bar.
I consider myself a pretty big beer geek so when I saw the yelp and the flights and all, I was pretty excited to give this bar a visit.
When I walked in, I liked the bar. Good seating, big bar, fun music, and a great place to grab a beer. 
The reason why I don't really like this place was when I saw the beer menu. I didn't see one beer on the list I saw myself wanting or even willing to try. I did see a lot of good comments about the food, so maybe in the future I will give this bar another try and hopefully my opinion will change as wellThe atmosphere was great as well as the service.  The waiters were nice and the food came very quickly. The one issue was that some of our food had a lot of pepper on it. Otherwise, It was a great place and if you are nearby I recommend that you go there.We went in around 4pm with a party of 8 people.  The place was busy and the upstairs was closed.  Our waitress came and brought us water when she introduced herself.  figure good start, we should have a great meal but that was not the case.  She was nice but she barely came back to check on us.  With a party of 8 its automatic 20% tip, you figure she would be a little more attentive but no.  The food took a long time to come out, almost 1/2 hour.
I ordered the pull pork sandwich and it was SALTY!!!  but after waiting so long, we were too hungry to send it back.  Others in my party had the fish and chips and Shirmp BLT.  They were good but waiting so long for you food just especially when its not complicated is disappointing.  The waitress was hard to flag down and we never got our glasses refilled until the end of the meal!  At the end of the meal, we notice meter was going to be up soon so I actually got up looked for the waitress (who was in one of the computer kiosks talking to another server) and asked for the check.  I went to the washroom, came back to the table and still no check.  My sister had to go and tell her please can we get the check because the meter will be up.  Only then she printed the check.  Needless to say my sister was not happy seeing the 20% charge when we got little to no service.
This is one of the places we like to come to when we visit Philly but after this time, I will be removing it from my list.Yummy spicy butternut squash soup & roasted beet salad! Nice beer list! I liked the Winter Lager. Friendly service.The bartender was extremely nice and attentive. The food was great had a brew dog  and beer. Will definitely stop in againWent here for a late lunch on a weekday. Had a burger and beer. They never refilled my water or cleared my plates despite the fact that I was there for more than an hour and the place was empty.
When I asked for the check they charged me more than the prices on the menu. When I pointed this out, they told me I had an old menu, and charged me the higher prices anyway.
Avoid.This restaurant is located in the busy historic district of Philly. The wait time on a Saturday was an hour, but we were seated early. We ordered the burger, poutine fries and drinks. I was expecting the fries to have more of a topping, but my husband enjoyed them. The burger was excellent. The drinks were pricey but were good. Our server was great and let us know the kitchen was backed up which we appreciated. Great service!Stuck between 3 and 4 stars. We were here last year and it was INCREDIBLE. So Incredible we made a return trip all the way from NYC -unfortunately we were pretty disappointed. Not sure if they changed chefs or what but the pretzels we had last year were amazing and fresh-yesterday they seemed like cut up stale Olive Garden breadsticks. 
We also had the poutine-the main reason we returned and were looking forward to it. There was barely any cheese and tasted more like celery than anything else. 
The beers were great and not too sure why the drastic difference in same foods
The confit wings were awesome as wellThis place was FANTASTIC!!!! The bar tenders were awesome & so were the drinks. 2nd Story Brewing had by far the best cheese fries I've ever had! They also had the coolest bathrooms. This inclusive bar had a gender neutral bathroom, the stalls went floor to ceiling & had their own sinks in each stall! I've never felt more privacy while using the restroom in any other restaurant.Very excited to have this place open to fill the Triumph void. Having a brewpub in Old City is a necessity.
Visited here on a Friday night in the midst of first Friday. Despite the crowds we were able to call 30 min in advance to secure a table for when we got there. After a pleasant welcome at the door we were taken to our table promptly. 
Our waitress was very knowledgable about both the food and beverage menus. I would recommend getting a flight of 2nd Story's beers if you like to try a lot of different brews because you can get four 5oz pours for $7.50!
The only reason this place falls short of 5 stars is because of the food. Don't get me wrong- it was all very good, but it did not blow me away. 
I'll be back for the beer, keep brewing!Amazing well crafted beers and one of the best salads I've ever had. Loved the roasted vegetable salad.I could see this being a nice place for dinner and a flight, but for a couple of beers on a Saturday night it was disappointing. The live music was nice and the beer was good but it felt generally uncomfortable in there. I'm giving it another try at a different time of dayGreat brewery with delicious and crafty beers, decent music, spacious atmosphere with private little corners, and a nice small outside area. I was surprised at how great the beers were; I was expecting the place to be rather touristy but I was wrong! 
My fellow and I were contemplating on which brews to try for a flight and the bartender insinuated we could try some for free. 
Their creamy stout was excellent-- and I don't even like dark brews!
Mango beer was great as well!Before I begin, their beer is excellent.  Go here for beer and bar food.  This review concerns their special event hosting.  
I hosted my rehearsal dinner here on 10/16/15.  We had 30ish guests, and ordered buffet style food with a 2 hour open bar.  We had asked for a mix of high and low top tables, but when we arrived the room was set up as low 4 tops, so no one really mingled, they just grabbed their food and went back to their little crew of people.  The buffet was totally unlit, so you couldn't really see what you were selecting from the buffet.  There were several complaints of raw chicken in the buffet, which were handled by staff in a very rude fashion.  The steak with brussels sprout hash was very good though, so that disappeared early.  
The way the open bar was handled was terrible.  I was the groom and I didn't get served a beer until 40 minutes into the 2 hour window.  There were only two rude servers who seemed annoyed that 30 people all wanted beer/wine during the open bar.  They would disappear from the room for 10 minutes at a time and come back with 5 beers on a platter.  This is a brewery, when you host an event with open bar and you make the beer in house, maybe open an actual bar with some kegs behind it to serve people from!  They told us that the upstairs bar was having issues, which doesn't matter at all since there is a downstairs bar as well, so walk on down and come back with enough beer for people to have a good time!  Once we complained to the woman who was running the show (Steph) things started to improve, but honestly I can't recommend that anyone host a group here.  They didn't adequately prepare for the crowd.  If I am paying for 30 people to drink at a brewery on my dime for 2 hours, I expect that these people will have a few beers each.  
Of course when the 2 hours was up the servers made themselves much more available.  I imagine that this had to do with getting cash tips handed directly to them rather than working for the predetermined gratuity that was included with the event bill.
I wish I could have rated this a 1.5 star, but 2 stars implies that it was just "meh" rather than actively badly managed.  This place has good beer and good food, but the event planning leaves much to be desired.Fantastic!  Local beer, well done!  Had a flight and grabbed some extra.  Very tasty beer.  Recommend the Better Hef or the 
Bric-a-Brac...
Had the pretzel and fondue.  Cheese sauce is nuts!
Will be back!The beer and food are great! Pretzel dogs were awesome. The service is sub-par. I had to ask for a food menu 3 times, and then the bartender didn't our in my side order of fries since the dogs don't come with anything. The Bartender did apologize for the food mishap and took and item off my bill, but it wasn't even busy and the service was far below most breweries I have been to.So I have been to this place a handful of times and have always had a good experience.  My only complaint is that the service is a tad slow.  Thankfully this is made up for by their delicious food, great atmosphere and great beer.  I went with my Fiance the other night and we split the pretzels and the Ploughmans platter to start.  The pretzels were crisp on the outside and soft and warm on the inside.  They are served with a cheese fondue and possibly one of the best mustard's I have tried.  I am unsure if they make the mustard in house but either way it is delicious.  The Ploughman's platter is a charcuterie board.  The meats and cheeses seem to change as the server had to check what they had that day.  Everything on it was great.  For entrees I got the fried chicken sandwich and my Fiance got the butternut squash soup and a salad. The chicken was super crispy and spiced very well.  Served on a roll with fried pickles and roasted garlic dijonnaise.  The piece of chicken could have made up two sandwiches, it was crazy.  I only had a taste of what my Fiance ordered but both of her items were great.  Hopefully the service will get a bit quicker but don't let that dissuade you from trying this place.  It's definitely a go to for good beer and good food!I had dinner here last night with four other people. The atmosphere and service was fine. The rating is for the food.
The food: The chicken in my mother-in-laws salad was obviously undercooked (aka super pink). The server at first said that the chicken was from the chicken thighs and that's why it would be that color. Once the server took the plate to show the kitchen, the dish was then taken off the bill. We ordered a chocolate lava cake for dessert and it was cold (no molten chocolate center). That was also taken off our bill. Overall we were disappointed and had hoped for a better dining experience.Stopped by here for a few drinks with my friend before we went to eat dinner for restaurant week. This place was really nice and laid back. The bartenders were really friendly and the happy hour drink menu was not too bad.
Bar
Under the bar there is a hook where you can hang your bag also there are outlets under the bar so you can charge your phone. I definitely should have brought my charger lol my phone died a little after dinner started but that's okay. Next time I will bring my charger because there will be a next time I will visit this place.  
I ordered the flight which lets you try few beers they have on tap and then had the DARK MONEY beer. The noise level was average it was not too loud and could talk to my friend in a normal voice.
Bathrooms
Totally different from what I am used to. I went to the restrooms and was looking for the women's room.. LOL there is no women's or mens restroom. They have restrooms but each stall has a toilet,sink,mirror and trash can. So there is not just a womens or mens restroom they just have one big one hall way thing with individual stalls but like high ceiling stalls that have everything you need in a bathroom in one stall. I like this and its totally different but I like different. Until next time and next time I will try the food because the food that was coming out of the kitchen looked amazing.One of our favorite places to go when visiting Philly, my friends and I were looking forward to a repeat visit to 2nd Story. We were greeted by the hostess who promptly sat us at our table and got us started with a beer flight. While we were trying the beers when our server approached us and took our food order. We finished the fight and we're ready to order our chosen beers. Our server was nowhere to be found and the attentive hostess went off duty. The food runner brought our food (gourmet hot dogs and fries) and we asked him to please send over our service. Half way through our meal, my sister got up to find our server. She found her sitting and texting and when my sister tapped her on the shoulder she said she was sorry and she probably shouldn't have been texting. After a few minutes, she took our beer orders. We got our beers after finishing our food. We were ready for another beer, but our server disappeared again. Sitting at a tabl by the window, wr saw her outside chatting. Again, we asked the person who cleared our dinner plates to please get our server. When she finally came to our table, we ordered a second round of beers and dessert. We got our beers and she then came back to tell us that the "boozy sundae" that we ordered was unavailable because the ice cream was "too soft." She recommended the pound cake dessert so we have it a go. It was awful, unlike any pound cake that any of us had ever had. Of course, we had to find the server to ask for our check. Other patrons found themselves doing the same. Worst service EVER!