Stopped here for a late lunch with two friends from Kingston, Jamaica, who wanted authentic food from home. We started with Red Pea Soup that was incredibly good. As the American in the group, I ordered Jerk Chicken Quesadillos with Sour Cream as an appetizer which I did enjoy.  My friends from Kingston were not fans of this ... definitely not spicy enough for them. The oxtail specialty was a hit and even I found the curry goat to be delicious. Chef Lewis, from St. Thomas, Jamaica, came out to greet us and he was a delightful person. The restaurant is very clean and tastefully decorated. We had a great dining experience.The jerk chicken platter was delicious and huge, even my husband couldn't finish it all (and he eats a lot!) The jerk chicken sandwich was also delicious and very meaty! We ordered conch fritters as well but i felt like they were a waste of money considering they were tiny and didn't taste that great. The owner was very nice and I look forward to trying out the rest of the menu!Had to place an order here after I had placed an order somewhere else with UberEATS that never showed. 
Got the oxtails, stew chicken, curry chicken and island wings. Well, I must say they were a great substitution!
The flavors on simply EVERYTHING was delicious! I'm Jamaican and I'm weary of eating at Caribbean places but I was so mad this was the first place I picked. It's not my cooking, lol, but when I say it's HARD finding a place I like. I haven't eaten Jamaican food outside of mine or family cooking in years! I've been that disappointed so many times!
Y'all have a customer! Thanks for the deliciousness!I come here pretty often and the food has been consistently good. The island wings are my usual go to.  I REALLY liked their curried chicken but I don't think they carry it all the time. I've also had their jerk chicken quesadillas. Service can be slow sometimes but if you're not in a rush, it's greatLove, love, love this place. The food, the homemade drinks, the wonderful people who run the place....all is on point.
We usually get the ox tail and the jerk chicken plus plantain, garlic mash, mac n cheese and cabbage. My family is from the islands and the food at 48th Street Grill is absolutely authentic and delicious. I was excited when I heard about a Caribbean spot opening on my block last year. By now we have dined in and taken out plenty of times and the quality is consistently top notch. 
Definitely try the homemade ginger beer. So flavorful. 
I never tried a dessert but saw somebody else order the cheesecake. It looked divine. So next time I will have to give it a whirl.
Take it from somebody who got married at the Jamaican Jerk Hut on South Street: if you like their food, you will love the food at 48th Street.
One word about the owner and staff: the love they have for what they do shines through. Every single time we have dined in, the owner comes out from the kitchen and talks to his guests. What a lovely touch! 
Thank you for opening this gem in our neighborhood!The food was very good, the service was odd. 
The good: 
Food is tasty, well seasoned, the portions generous. We had several appetizers and the shrimp curry. Very good food at reasonable prices. 
The odd: 
Our waiter either didn't care or had no idea how to handle a group of more than 4. Each person had to ask for water individually. When we asked for menus, he only brought 4 of them. When we asked for more, we got an attitude of "of course I'll bring more for you, why are you even asking?" Perhaps because it's appropriate to bring menus for everyone in a party at the same time and not when individual people ask? The food came out so staggered that by the time the last people got their food, the first people were completely done. I understanding all dishes not coming out at exactly the same time but this was way beyond that. Our party brought a case of beer and several bottles of wine. The corkage fees they wanted to charge originally (before our host talked them down) was $5 per bottle of wine and $2.50 per bottle of beer, which is completely ridiculous.Wow! I had the Curry Chicken, Rice and that God blessed cabbage, Oooo the flavor was so amazing, so amazing. The chicken was a perfect texture and and flavor, literally falls off the bone. My girlfriend had the Shrimp tomato basil linguini - it was amazing. The flavor was unforgettable. If you are in the area this place is a MUST. The Chef, Mr Carl Lewis Sr. Is the real deal! You will not be disappointed.Reasonably priced, very clean, outstanding friendly service. Try the island wings, yum. 
Dishes are cooked to order so you may wait a little, but bring some wine (it's byob) and relax.Tried this new spot when visiting my boyfriend's uncle this past weekend. I had the Island wings and jerk chicken platter. Everything was so good and tasty. The slaw that's served with the Island wings ... OMG must try. Definitely adding this spot to all of our Philly visits.If you're familiar with the phrase "tastes so good makes you wanna slap your momma". I needn't say anything more. Lunch from here on Wednesday and brunch this afternoon. I have never enjoyed shrimp and grits more. Ever. And I grew up in NC. Go, order, eat, repeat!I ordered a Jerk chicken sandwich with fries. The food looked great but the chicken was very tough and hard to eat. I'm sad to say the fries was best thing on the plateFirst things first, I would like to tip my hat to the wait staff and chef here. Everyone was very accommodating and friendly - with the chef even coming by to ask us how our meal was! Overall, the food was quite good. At first I was apprehensive about a long dining experience as the menu warns that all food is cooked to order so you can expect about a 30 min wait. Our food came within 10 minutes of ordering! The food overall was solid - I ordered the curry chicken and my partner ordered the jerk pork chops. I find the spice levels were very toned down and not authentically Jamaican, but still tasted good. Overall would definitely recommend and I will be coming back.I got take out from here one night when we were craving some oxtail and plantains.  Unfortunately the place we usually order from no longer delivers, so I decided to try here rather than venture too far from home.  
The service over the phone and upon pick up were very warm and friendly, and the restaurant looked like a cute place to have a casual dinner.  I imagine the friendly warm service would extend to patrons dining in.  
We got the oxtail platter with plantains and curry goat with cabbage.  Both came with rice and beans.  We also got the island wings.  Everything was delicious, even the sides.  The goat was my favorite.  The meat was tender and portions plentiful.  I could have gone a little heavier on the seasoning, but it was good nonetheless.  The wings were good as well, but not as mind blowing as I expected based on some of the other reviews.  
The only reason I probably wouldn't come here for take out is the price tag.  For an the oxtail ,goat, and 5 piece of wings, the bill came to about $50.  I understand that the menu is a little pricier since their establishment likely has hire overhead than your typical hole in the wall Jamaican/Caribbean but since I tend to do take out for this type of cuisine I'm not used to paying this much for it.  To maximize your meal, I'd say you should eat in and get that good service that's built into the menu price.  That said, I knew what I was ordering and glad I tried it.  One of these days, I'm sure I'll be dining in with a bottle of wine.I'm going to keep this short and to the point. The food here is excellent. Everything taste, portion size, presentation excellent.  The customer service was polite,and attentive, but not annoying. One of my biggest gripes when going to Caribbean or West Indian restaurants is the poor customer service and rudeness that I receive. 48th st Grille's staff was friendly and professional from start to finish. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food that your getting. I strongly recommend giving 48th Grille a chance.
Ps. Can't remember the exact names of what we had in the pictures attached. One was a salmon dish the other was a tilapia dish. I'm sure they can tell you if you show them the pictures.I was told by a friend the food here is really good and want to have a try. I checked the menu on their website before ordering and chose from the lunch portion, but When I ordering the food the cashier told me there's no lunch portion for that dish, but there's one on there menu from their website. I don't understand why they do this kind of misleading thing. And the price is 20 rather than 14. But I order it anyway and also with and lunch meal. It took more than half hour to get my food, and even the guy came 10mins later than me get the food first. Maybe because they can get a tip from dine in not from a take out. 
I was surprised when I get the food. The size of regular meal and lunch meal is nearly the same, but the price is definitely not the same. Food is ok, but never go there again and won't recommend.48th street Grill is a great new restaurant in Philly. I went in there for dinner a few weeks ago on a rainy day looking for a nice meal to warm me up. I started with my servers recommendation of the fresh ginger beer to drink. The drink had a zesty flavor to it that felt healthy to drink. For dinner I had the jerk chicken platter. Chicken was hot and juicy and spiced well. I also really enjoyed the sides of rice, beans, and fresh sautéed veggies. Missed dessert but will be ordering it next time, the dessert selection looked great. Service and food are both 5 star worthy.D & M Salmon 
The 48TH Street Grille is a dream come true for this neighborhood! There are plenty of pizza shoppes, sandwich shoppes, and quick wing places, but to have a sit-down dining house here is truly refreshing! They prepare and serve their fare with a Caribbean/American flare.  Really great food! It's tasty, well-prepared and attractively presented. My wife and I have dined there on four occasions and there's not been a bad bite in the bunch {:^}. And the service has been excellent and always accompanied by a smile. We have particularly enjoyed their marinated wings for appetizer, the Salmon with salsa, and the blackened tilapia as entrees. Go and be prepared to enjoy a really great meal and top-shelf dining experience. You'll be a fan, too!This an excellent place to go ig you have a craving for salmon. The blackened salmon is particularly delicious; they know how to season it (the spice rub gives it an extra nice texture). The sauce that comes with the meal is addicting (true example of wanting to lick the plate). Also, for dessert, try the breading pudding. It's moist and bursting with warm flavors. My only with the entire order is that they were missing ingredients that were listed on the menu. My bread pudding didn't include the scoop of ice cream and my salmon was missing the "scampi" (I got the shrimp but not the noodles. I don't know if that is their intention but usually 98% of the time shrimp scampi is shrimp and noodles). When you get your food, make sure everything is on the plate. But other than that, the food was great, customer service was good, and it's a great place to dine.Strolled in for dinner around 6pm on a Tuesday night and was greeted at the entrance by a friendly hostess, who seated me immediately. 
After a quick peruse of the menu, I ended up ordering the large oxtail platter and a ginger beer. The server was helpful in answering all of my questions and even offered me a sample of the ginger beer before committing to an entire glass. 
The food came out pretty quickly and was tasty! As someone with Caribbean parents, the food was on point. It had the perfect amount of heat to add to the flavor without taking over the dish. Oxtail platter came with rice and peas and a side. I got plantains which were pretty good, but maybe a tad overripe. Had the bread pudding for dessert which was also good. 
Server came by just enough to be attentive without being annoying. I was working on a work project and didn't feel rushed to leave, even after I finished eating. Although, admittedly, it wasn't super busy. 
Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood. We've really been lacking a good sit down place to eat. There were a couple other menu items that look promising so I'll definitely be back!I loved the atmosphere and the food was good with some Caribbean favorites. I had an Angus burger for roughly $10 and tasted pretty good. The wait service could step it up a little bit and if they took seasoning up a notch it would take them to the next level. The hostess was very nice and when I was going to  leave the chef came and checked in with me to make sure everything was cool.I've enjoyed two delicious brunches here-- their pancakes are AWESOME. Fluffy but still with a little crisp. The service is great. Would definitely recommend. Looking forward to trying their dinner sometime!Best jerked chicken that I've found in Philly. Perfectly spicy, juicy, tender. Awesome stuff! Tack on a side of plantains and I'm a happy man. 
We've tried some other stuff on the menu, but nothing else we've had holds a candle to that delicious chicken.
BYOB, so plan ahead!The island wings were delicious!!!! Do not pass them up you will not regret. The staff is super friendly, I will be back.Please work on the mac and cheese the way you had it about a year ago was much better it was different than the usual mac and cheese it was almost like a cream colored or light yellow colored maybe you use white cheddar I don't know or a mixture of cheeses but it was definitely different and I was telling all my friends also the apple pie the apples I believe need to be cooked longer they are too crispy like too ripe or somethingThe food is excellent. I've only experienced this restaurant as a take out option and have yet to be disappointed. The jerk chicken wings with the pineapple ranch dip is awesome. Perfect combination.   I've tried a few other dishes that came with cabbage and rice and beans and they blend together very well.  Not too impressed with the mac and cheese.  It's definitely not made with the same love as the other menu items.  My only concern is the price. The prices don't match the portions you're served. Nearly 15 dollars for 10 jerk wings makes you think twice if other options are available.get the island wings.  also, everything is awesome, but if you're getting a main, get the oxtails.Excellent meal, wonderful chef. Island wings are a must. The curry goat is also excellent. Very warm and friendly.Unbelievable...everything here is absolutely delicious! The staff is friendly and attentive.
I had to create a yelp account so I could give this place 5 stars. Enjoy!This is hands down the BEST carribbean food. Everything I've had from the grilled shrimp appetizer, to the jerk chicken (entree & pasta) to the curried chicken and oxtail (including all of the sides) was absolutely delicious! Leave room for dessert - the bread pudding is the perfect ending. We have found a new fav place and will continue to come back again!Friendly staff and great food. I haven't had the chance to dine in, but the atmosphere is chill, with some classic reggae like Bob Marley playing in the background. I've tried most of their appetizers and sandwiches! Simply amazing! You have to try the wings, they are the best I've had in Philly so far.Great food and the staff/owner was very attentive. The eat in space was comfortable and off street parking was not a problem. Will definitely be backVery clean and nice restaurant and staff. We had today's special- a kind of fish( I forget the name), it's delicious. We also had chicken wings for appetizer, we like it. I think the only thing I may complain is about the location, I have to walk 8 blocks. Except that, everything is greatMy family came here for Mother's Day and we left extremely dissatisfied. I like to rate restaurants on three things: Food, Service, and Atmosphere. All three were lacking at this restaurant. 
My brother ordered Jerk Chicken and a side of fried plantains, my mother ordered the baked salmon, and I ordered the "Rasta Pasta" with jerk chicken. My brother said his food was alright, not terrible, just passable. My mother enjoyed her salmon, but found the vegetables to be very tough and undercooked. My pasta was practically floating in the thinnest "sauce" I have ever had. It was pretty much soup. The jerk chicken addition consisted of one or two pieces of chicken with the rest of the dish being made of way too many bell pepper strips thrown on top of the pasta soup. 
The service was totally inattentive. Our waiter forgot our requests multiple times and needed to be reminded that we ordered a drink or to bring us a dish. My brothers side of plantains was stuck in kitchen limbo for an incredible length of time. We waited so long on some of our dishes that we had to get them to go. 
This is a small restaurant and there's nothing wrong with that, but they cram people inside. On top of that a few of the tables sit incredibly low. I'm 6'4, so it was a total inconvenience for me, but I'm use to that. My 5'9 brother on the other hand is a normal height and had leg difficulties too. There were also gnats flying around our table. 
For a restaurant that has been around for a year, I'd hope that they would fix the many issues plaguing the place. I understand that it was Mother's Day and they were busy, but I'm not going to give this place another chance to ruin a dining experience for me. They should pay extra attention to the details on special occasions. I don't know how eating here on a regular night would be like.Great food and amazing service! The Jerk chicken was delicious and my favourite side was the mashed sweet yams. The Ginger beer is a must-try.What a gem! We've been looking forward to 48th Street Grille's opening, and we headed there last weekend with friends in from out of town. 
A great, warm, and welcoming space, with ample seating, and an island color scheme. 
I had some of the best jerk chicken (ordered the sandwich) I've ever tasted. The sweet potato fries were undeniably fresh, the veggie slaw was delicious, and the onion relish could stand alone, it was so well-balanced. 
We had excellent cornbread, expertly cooked plaintains, and a strong (pleasant, and almost medicinal) ginger beer. Mac and cheese was tasty, and the other 4 at our table thoroughly enjoyed their plates as well. 
Service was great. They were kind, polite, well-versed on the menu, and checked on us consistently. 
We'll be going back to try the desserts, and we will definitely be back to check out Saturday brunch!!When we walked in the owner greeted us and seated us to a table. Stopped in for lunch. Ordered island wings and received jerk wings. The waitress offered to put 5 island wings which I originally ordered. The island wings are sweet and spicy. The jerk wings. Order the island wings that are great. Ordered cabbage which is good but needs seasoning. The red beans and rice were good. The deserts look appetizing but I didn't order any. The waitress was slow. She never refilled my water. I would return since the food is always good.Excellent through and through! The wings as an appetizer were out of this world. We had a big party and everyone's dinner was excellent. The jerk chicken, rasta pasta, tilapia and lobster mac-n-cheese were all delicious. The service was very good AND the chef visited our table. I would highly recommend this place.Absolutely loved the food- had the jerk quesadillas, garden salad and Rasta Pasta- all of the items were hot, great portion sizes and great service. The presentation of the food was also nice and we were promptly greeted and seated upon entering. Special thanks to our waitress Carlene- she was so pleasant and accommodating through each of our courses. We really enjoyed the overall dining experience and light and airy ambiance of the restaurant. We also appreciated the air conditioning especially on such a hot day. I think it was a special touch that the chef came out to check on each table- it was an added specialty to the overall experience as well. Will definitely be returning!Horrible service! Attended a dinner party with friends. During our meal we were hushed by a female manager who informed us she couldn't hear her take out orders being called all the way in the kitchen. It was a party of 20 people idk why you would think it would be quite. To top that off at the end of our meal we were approached by an older man dressed in a chefs coat who told us we were all flanked I guess that he meant drunk and suggested we call a cab. No one was drunk everyone had 2 glasses of wine if that. I just don't understand why you would allow large parties if you prefer a quiet atmosphere. I also don't understand why you would be BYOB and accuse people of being drunk when everyone was completely sober. But of course no one was drunk enough that they couldn't pay their bill or leave a tip or sign their credit card receipts we were sober enough for that of course. I would never go back there. The food wasn't even authentic.What a great place to eat. I love the environment, Caribbean music gently playing, warm environment, friendly service from this family, and finally the fresh food! Hidden gem right near university city. Great for a small getaway for a local! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!GOOOOOD FOOD!!!!!!  I Highly recommend this restaurant.  I was in Philadelphia visiting my girlfriend over the Memorial holiday weekend.  I am from New York and I am extremely hard to please when it come to Food.  This restaurant came highly recommended from her girlfriend who assured her I would like this restaurant and boy was she RIGHT!!!  I ordered curry goat, which was exremely tender and well seasoned, I had rice and peas along with steamed cabbage and they both were very tasty.  The plantains was sugar sweet.  My food was Extremely enjoyable.  After all of this, I ordered the conch fritters and they were cooked to perfection.  I raved so much to my waiter of how good the food was she had Chef Carl Lewis to personally pay me a visit at my table.  I expressed to him how Delicious my meal was and I told him directly I would be going on the web site to give his establihment a glowing review.  To who ever is reading this, if you are considering going to this restaurant please do not hesitate and by all means go ASAP you will not be disappointed!!!! Upon my next visit to Philly this restaurant will surely see me again.......Go to this Restaurant your taste buds will be Satisfied...Been wanting to try this place for a while now every since I saw the photos on yelp so I go in and order   That oxtail platter and a tilapia platter along with some plantains and a side of cornbread. I wanted to get that sweet potato cheesecake but I refuse to pay eight dollars for a slice of cheesecake. The large oxtail platter only had 5 oxtails. The tilapia platter was bland. I was pleasantly surprised by the mango salsa that was good along with the cornbread. Place looks nice and clean will go back.Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Had a hard time deciding what to order! Ending up getting the Rasta Pasta with chicken. It was amazing! The portion is HUGE so you get your money's worth. Took about half home. Also ordered a slice of chocolate cake that I shared with my friend. And can't forget that it's BYOB so we made sure to bring a bottle of wine with us to top off our meal. Can't wait to come back!I went back and re read my review to try and comprehend why exactly the management felt compelled to point out that the chef is a native of Jamaica. I never implied that he/she was not. What I essentially said is that the food was not good, because...it wasn't...wherever the chef is from. Just because some one is a native of a country, does not mean that they can successfully cook the cuisine. Also, whatever shrimp you claim to use...what I received was NOT jumbo, I'm sorry but it was not. And as far as what causes the dark color on the plantains, yes, I am well aware that it is the sugar which COMES from the plantain being ripe. Whatever the case they were not ripe enough to cook and be served as sweet plantains, period. Not just "for me", just in general. They probably should have been used for tostones. Dear Management, please do not come on my yelp review and condescend to me and then wrap it up in a bow of an insincere apology, please and thanks.Get out to 48th St and visit this great addition to an up and coming neighborhood. The Caribbean cooking is tops.First time here and i must say i was blown away with service the inside of the restaurant  feels like your away on a private islands the feel is so  exuberating not only was the hospitality fantastic i felt like i was in a fancy resturant because the chef came out and introduce his self to us and asked how we liked our meal and experience i was at awww so thank you i diffinitly recommend this place you wont be disappointed the food is delicious  full of flavor and spicy thank you for that feel of ne home...Wow we had such an amazing experience here. We came as a group of 16 people from Association for Counselor Education and Supervision National Conference held in Philly. Everyone left talking about how good the food was. I fact some of us had to come back before we left Philly. Everything on the menu was Top Class. We had the Curry Goat, Rasta Pasta, Jerk chicken wings and Jerk Chicken, Sweet Chili Glazed Salmon with Sweet Yams, Brown Stew Chicken it was all amazing. We had to call the Chef out and tell him how good it was. Customer service was superb both times. You have to go there for yourself if you are in Philly. You will not regret it.I ended up here with my boyfriend and mom kind of randomly and without any expectations and this place blew us away. The food is SO. GOOD. It's a little pricey but definitely worth the splurge for really good food, and when you consider the portion size and that we all brought home hefty leftovers, it really isn't that expensive. Also, the cornbread. Dear god the cornbread. It's so good. And huge. Basically they give you a brick of delicious, sticky cornbread and you should do yourself a favor and get it.Chef Carl Lewis is perfectly rated as a 5 Star Chef. Chef Carl has developed a skill in Caribbean, International and Specialty Soul Foods that sets him above many others.
Consider the large bowl of a creamy Lobster and Shrimp Bisque hat comes out of the kitchen and delivered  to my waiting eyes to taste and enjoy..spoon after spoon after spoon. I followed with black mussels in an amusing sauce, and yes me be drinking it after eating them juicy plump thangs.
Plantains and conch fritters are to die for.....
Baba the Foodie ChefLove, love the island wings! I asked that they be made well done and they were cooked to perfection. Didn't like the quesadilla. You don't put American cheese in a quesadilla. I guess I should have known better than to order Mexican food from a Jamaican restaurant. Their rice is way overcooked and the jerk chicken is nothing to write home about. I will return, but only for the wings.I Have been here a few times in the past year to eat and the service and food was good. Went for dinner lastnight after raving about how nice the ambience and customer service is to have to eat my words. This review is strictly on customer service and nats flying all around while we attempted to eat...my bf killed....1, 2,.....5 while we were there before our food arrived. Yesss count 5....asked to be moved by a gentleman who served our beverages and his response was *yea i know they are everywhere and walked away*.....blank stare....excuse me....there was a ceiling fan overhead and was making it quite chilly so we asked our waitress Twanna can they turn it off....Twanna was very nice....she asked Di/De the boss guess it was a no because they never turned it off.....my food arrived and before i could take a bit more nats appeared....so I immediately asked for a takeout box....i was over the experience...bf dug into his meal but decided yea it was time settle check b4 1 landed in his playe....the biss was in eye view of us...never came out to apologize or make any accomadations...but was looking screwed faced like we were just being annoying. I dont know about other people but im not fighting all bugs...while cold inside a restaurant that I'm paying money for....idc how good food is....And it was tasty what i did eat...the Island wings....I won't be returning!!!!Everything was delicious, would definitely go back. We ordered the jerk chicken platter (dark meat), mac and cheese, the jerk chicken rasta pasta, and the salmon with shrimp, broccoli and mashed potatoes. I would also recommend the Ginger Beer and the island wings (loved the wings). They're also BYOB- wine and beer. Kudos to the waitress, very friendly, great customer service, as the Chef came out to greet us. :-)I really wanted to give this place a 5 star but I have to be honest about this. The food was service was very good but for one of my dishes, the clam pasta was drenched a thick layer of what looked like to be butter. I couldn't get myself to finish eating the plate because it looked so gross. The service was phenomenal, everyone kept checking up on us to make sure everything about the meal was alright.I ordered the jerk chicken with Mac and Cabbage. The Jerk chicken had a weird black pepper coating that made it inedible. The Macaroni and Cheese was off. Huge chunks off orange,unmelted cheese and flavorless noodles. And the cabbage was tasteless and need to cook longer,as it was hard to chew.I just wasn't impressed by the food or the inflated prices for a meal your could make 10x better at home. The only standout were the conch hush puppies, and they could've been meatier. And the homemade cake was decent,although the icing was slightly too sweet. Take a drive to the Broad/Olney area and hit up Steves Takeout. Fresher.Tastier.And made with Love.Very friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere, and great Caribbean food! Anything jerked or blackened is worth having. Since there aren't many (any?) Caribbean restaurants in west Philly, or Philly in general, this is a great addition to the restaurant scene. I would have given it five stars if they replaced the very standard looking (boring) french fries with something more innovative. Also, if they could the place a little more rustic, or cozy, or something. Presently, it looks, and feels, a little too much like a diner.It may have been a bad day... but I don't know. We were seated almost immediately which was good. The waitress came to take our drink orders and my God, I thought I had died and gone to NYC restaurant hell. $7 for a Pellegrino?!?! $6 for a glass of ginger beer?!?! Have you lost your mind?! I've haven't seen those prices even in NYC. 
The restaurant was well attended but not packed. It was getting more crowded as time went on though because the food took forever to come out. We were waiting about 40 minutes. Even a different waitress than ours asked what was up. At that point it was hard to enjoy  the meal fully because we were hangry.
The food tasted ok. Next time--if there is a next time-- I will bring my own Pellegrino and leave plenty of time for the kitchen to get their act together.I tried #48thStreetGrille again.  It is a Caribbean themed restaurant in the #UniversityCity area of #Philadelphia. I had garlic chicken with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables. It was really well seasoned and flavorful. The mash was perfect and so was the veg. My only criticism is that the chicken didn't taste strong ofgarlic which I love but I was told that was just me. The first time that I ate there I had a Angus burger that was unimpressive and I'm sure was premade or boxed; during lunch. I wouldn't suggest going during lunch as the portions don't in any way match the cost and the taste doesn't make up for it. I would definitely suggest going during dinner.
#Food #Foodie #foodporn #EatWell # Philly #EatOut #YelpI'm happy to start off this new year with a full and happy belly, and that is thanks to the new and exciting 48th Street Grille!
We came and ordered a feast for 2 and a half: a fresh-squeezed lemonade, a ginger beer, 5 ct Island Wings, Spicy Conch Fritters, Blackened Tilapia, Braised Oxtail, and Cornbread. 
The drinks were very nice. The lemonade was well-balanced - not too sweet or tart. The ginger beer was definitely heavy on the ginger, but what else would you expect for a drink called "ginger beer?" It's definitely one if the stronger ginger beers I've had. 
Starting with the apps, the Island Wings were awesome. A little spicy, a little sweet, perfectly cooked and really well balanced. I mean - we could have totally gone for the 10 ct wings but we probably wouldn't have had enough room for dessert.... Wait. We still didn't have room for dessert.... The conch fritters were good. Imagine a little softer, slightly gooey-er hushpuppy with small pieces of conch floating in cheesiness. It also comes with a nice ranch dipping sauce. 
The blackened tilapia was really good. The fish was meaty, and the blackened goodness was well-complemented with the light and fresh mango salsa. And this entree was paired with green beans and (s)mashed potatoes. Really good sides. 
The oxtail was simply put, amazing. Fall-off-the-bone, tender, flavorful, and not too salty. I have had my share of Jamaican/Caribbean food up and I really can say this is my favorite Oxtail in Philly. It can easily be too hard, or too salty, or too dry - here, it wasn't any of those things. Plus, paired with rice and beans unlike any I've had in the city - this is hands down the best oxtail and rice and beans I've had. And the mixed veggies were delightful. I don't even think my wife can believe how happy I was to eat these veggies - so that definitely means we'll be coming back!!!
Ok. I have to devote its own paragraph for the cornbread. This was the cheapest thing that we ordered. $1.50 per piece. Personally, I'm a sucker for moist, sweet, cornbread with actual corn in it - and if you are too, this is where it's at! I'm talking eyes rolling back, take me home now, wow. I haven't had cornbread like this in a looooong time. And hopefully now that won't be an issue. 
Ummm. Seriously, stop reading this, and just come, and enjoy an amazing meal. Chef Carl Lewis will take great care of you and I am pretty certain you will leave as full and happy as we did tonight.I had been going to this establishment and had no problems. Other friends of mine stopped going due to the wait and mishaps with their food. Today, I called to order and pickup food since I know they usually have 30-45 minute waits depending on the day. I ordered 2 platters on the phone and when I went to pick it up 45 minutes later (to avoid going to sit and wait), they forgot to add the second platter to the order. The lady told me it would be a few minutes which ended up being 20 more minutes of waiting. When I looked at my phone it was exactly 7:16- an hour since I had called. I went to the front and the food was still not ready. The owner nor the lady I was dealing with did not offer a dessert or anything to compensate me for my time of waiting and their mishap...all they could say was "sorry". I will not be eating at this establishment anymore. I recommend going to Jamaican D's for a wealthy platter for $8.Genuinely the best food I've had in a LONG time. I'll be here every night for a while. My partner and I plan on trying everything on the menu. The head chef has come out every time we've come, in order to ask us about the food and how our days went. If I could give 6/5 stars I would. Excllent food, service, and establishment in general. The owner and his daughter are always around, and they brighten my day every time!This was a real treat. We started out with the mussels in garlic and they were perfectly prepared, with garlic cheese bread topped off and soak up the sauce, which we kept for the whole meal so we can continue to do it throughout.  Each of us had a well-prepared main course, ranging from salad two chicken jerk sandwich, and especially the very well seasoned pulled pork sandwich. The service was friendly, unimposing, and fast. It was a little odd that this BYOB only had one person in house with a bottle opener, but that added to its charm. The executive chef and owner, Carl Lewis, came out twice to see how things were going.   The bill for the three of us came to less than $50, plus tip. This restaurant is a new found treasure.Excellent food and service. I recommend sharing since the portions are generous. Great local business. Don't overlook the desserts either.Went for lunch with my grandmother this past Sunday and the food was Amazing! The chef came out to say hello and was very nice! Even sent out some island wings on the house! Will definitely go again!Awesome food and great service!!!
I ate the island wings which had a good spice but my favorite was their spicy shrimp and mac&cheese. Although my food was good, I was upset I didn't try their fried wings and waffles. My friend had that dish and he loved it and it looked great!! It's a family business and the manager stop by and ensured everyone was enjoying their food! That's is a testament to great service. I don't live in the area but I would definitely come back.Been here twice! Both times, food and service are excellent! 
I would recommend the island wings, chicken curry, jerk chicken, brown stewed chicken, plantain, collard green, browned tilapia and their fish specials. To be fair, those were all that we could try...and I would recommend them all! If I come here for dinner and really have to pick 2, it would be island wings and a fish dish...and then maybe bring home the chicken curry or jerk chicken for lunch tomorrow.So good, Get the brown stew chicken and jerk chicken!Excellent all around..food & service were superb! Grilled jerk pork chops were tender, juicy and cooked to perfection. Substituted cabbage for collard greens and very glad I did...they were also seasoned well. This is definitely a great addition to University City..I'll be adding it to my list of favorite placesCarl makes great food and the service is very attentive.  Great add to the neighborhood!Went there last night for dinner.  This place was awesome, all of the way around!
Island wings were amazing, mac and cheese bites, conch fritters...those were just the apps.  The wings were probably the best I've ever had!!
Blacked Salmon, Jerk Chicken, Curried Chicken, Corn Bread...this was an outstanding meal.
The waitstaff and owner could not be any nicer and eager to please.  
Can't wait to try Sunday brunch!!
We will definitely be back!!!I literally order from this place at least once a week! Everything is great here, especially the Rasta Pasta and the brown stewed chicken!My girlfriend has been telling me about this place so we decided to try it last night.  Sorry I waited so long.  We shared baby backs and tilapia and both were excellent.  Our server was very nice and very efficient and kept giving me more moist towelettes (I'm not really neat when it comes to eating ribs and these are delicious but gooey). All in all, a great meal in a really nice place.Great place to get some Caribbean American food. We ordered the jerk chicken and ox tail. We enjoyed both dishes. Food isn't overly seasoned and salty and was flavorful. The owner came by and asked us how everything was. Restaurant is comfy and clean. Will be returning!Great service and the food is awesome. The rasta pasta is a good choice.Incredible service, equally amazing food! We walked by and the place smelled delicious so we came in. They seated us right away and they were incredibly helpful with making menu suggestions. The jerk chicken sandwich was great and the beef stew and curried goat was delicious too. The chef even came out and asked us how our food was, to which we replied, "great!" The whole place has a great vibe and I will definitely be back. If you are in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping in. You won't be disappointed.Not bad but perhaps my expectations were too high because I was craving something specific. I had jerk chicken while my husband had curry goat. We are from NY (and my husband is Caribbean American) so maybe that matters, but this certainly didn't taste authentic to us. The jerk was not spicy at all and tasted more like BBQ chicken. Tasty though. The curry goat was pretty good. My husband commented that while the steamed cabbage was tasty it reminded him more of southern food than West Indian food. And no plantain with the platter? No Esco fish??? I'm so sad. We are still on the hunt for a place that satisfies our cravings when we don't feel like cooking. 48th st is worth a try though.Definitely coming back. I absolutely love Caribbean food, and it's really funny that despite the plethora of Carib restaurants in Philly, after eating at 48th street grill, I felt like it was the first time that I've really experienced the cuisine. First, the ambiance is great- once you step in, the vibrant colors give a tropical feel without being too over the top or cliche. Second, the service was good- the hostess/waitress was super friendly, had a great smile, and was very attentive. Third, the food was delish. I ordered the jerk chicken and it came with rice and peas and vegetables. The jerk was spicy but not over powering and perfectly cooked. The rice was seasoned well and by vegetables, they meant veggies as in carrots, squash, and zucchini, not the cabbage you typically try a Caribbean spot. I got the small portion and it was the appropriate amount of food. I'm really happy that there's yet another great restaurant in West Philly. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu.Awesome find! Not from the area but the pictures of the home style large portions was what we were looking for. The food was so flavorful and fresh. The collard greens had amazing flavor. The whole Bronzino fish I had was cooked to perfection and with delicious fresh steamed vegetables with a bit of spice and lots of fresh thyme making a aromatic broth to keep my fish moist. The corn bread we ordered as an extra side came out nicely sized and warm. The Mac and cheese was creamy with a nice bubbly crunchy cheese top. The breaded fried wings my boyfriend had were still juicy but nice and crispy. I will say the order did take some time which they state on the menu they take to 20-30 mins. I had no complaints once the amazing meal I had arrived hot and fresh to the table. Washing it all down with their quite spicy and refreshing homemade ginger beer. Wishing I lived closer I'd bring my own craft brew and spend a few hours there. They offer BYOB and I believe u saw signs about brunch. Keep up the great work. We left very satisfied happy customers.Lunch at 48th Street Grille was amazing! Chef Carl Lewis is obviously a master in the kitchen! Island Wings, Signature Turkey Burger with Pineapple Mango Relish, fresh Atlantic Salmon with Penne Pasta in Tomato Basil Cream Sauce, Bread Pudding...it was all some of the best food I've ever had in a restaurant! And the service was excellent. Highly recommended!Soooo glad my search is over for a delicious, friendly, professional and CLEAN spot for oxtails! I love everything about 48th Street Grille plus the fact that you can call ahead to place your order. Everyone is very nice and I ate every last drop of everything I got. I just wish it was closer but knowing how excellent the food and service are, I will gladly make the 25 minute trek!Delicious!!! I had the jerk chicken, rice and peas and the collard greens! They make their own lemonade and ginger beer!All you need to know: Island Wings! I've been a few times and always get the wings as a starter--they are sweet and hot at the same time and the dipping sauce that comes with the wings is delicious. The rasta pasta is also a favorite as well as the chicken salad sandwich and the sweet potato fries that accompany are amazing. 48th Street Grille offers great food with a relaxed vibe. The head chef has come out a few times to greet me and my fellow diners and he is always gracious and friendly. The inside decor is also lovely and bright which makes it an especially warm place to visit in the winter.   It's a place I take out of town visitors--a gem in West Philly.My friend and i decided to go here for lunch. This was our first visit and me being the food enthusiast i am was very excited to try it for the 1st time.  The menu is 2 pages with your traditional Carribean fair like oxtail and curry chicken but also includes some unique items like garlic shrimp with a pinapple ranch sauce? ? We opted for the jerk chicken entre, shrimp linguine, with conch fritters for the appetizer.  I will say that the freshly made sorrel was pretty good but our 1/2 of the conch fritters we not cooked all the way.  We were so hungry we just ate around the uncooked dough.  My friend was not impressed with her pasta. i was looking for authentic jerk chicken cooked on a pit but when i asked the waitress how it was cooked,  she refused to answer only saying that the owners /cooks made it in their own uniwue way.  What was thst about?? I ordered it anyway.   I should have listened to my gut and ordered something else. The chicken was spicy but had some weird sweet sauce on it. I guess to balance out the heat.  I could've gone without it.  They really should give people a choice of what kind of sauce they want.  
The place was ok overall.  It felt like maybe the flavors had been mellowed American palettes.  My search for authentic carribean food continues...Not a happy customer. I ordered through Uber eats and I must say this was the wrong choice. Maybe I should of tried something else but I will NEVER recommend the Brioche French toast. I'm so disappointed in this soggy,  under cook, bitter strawberry having mess.  And the fact that you charge almost $4.00 for 3 pieces of bacon is a disgrace. I am not sure if I wanna try anything else. I could of went to IHOP for better French toast.My friend took me here for a birthday dinner on 11/22. We were greeted by a friendly hostess & seated promptly. We ordered the salmon, blackened tilapia & shared additional sides of macaroni and cheese & plantains. The tilapia was a sizable filet & was seasoned perfection! String beans & mashed potatoes came with the fish. The string beans had onions in them & were enjoyable. The mashed potatoes reminded me of what you would get at chili's on a skillet entree, but that's how I like my mashed potatoes, so they were delicious. The mac & cheese lacked a little bit of zest that comes from extra sharp cheddar, but had a nice brown top. The plantains were just sweet enough & lightly fried. Perfect! The portions were huge so I had to pack the rest to-go. We shared the chocolate cake which is devilishly delicious, moist & chocolatey! The chocolate cake was packed to-go as well. 
Towards the end of the meal, we were graced by the presence of the owner & chef Mr. Carl Lewis. He made sure we were enjoying ourselves & made an effort to get to know us. This was the cherry on top of a fabulous dinner! I'll definitely spread the word about this place & will return. There isn't a lack of Caribbean restaurants in west Philly, but this food is good, clean & a healthier take on traditional Caribbean favorites.My boo had her party there tonight reserved for ten people. The restaurant had a few party's also. The serve was VERY SLOW. Slow to the point where they served us our food before closing and stood around like we need to hurry up. The server forgot to give everybody at the table a glass of water. They was so low to the point where we brought our own BYOB and we had to wait till another party finished with the glasses for we can use them to drink. The food was good, the service was slow. We still had a good time. Sitting in might not happen again but I'll do take out. I'll even give them a hour heads up if I do.Food was really good, but service was slow as other people said.  I had shrimp curry, and my friend had a roasted chicken dish.  Curry was mild for my taste, but shrimp was perfectly cooked.  I will comeback to try other dishes.This food is authentic and very appetizing. The portion size was enough for me to share and still be full for the remainder of the day. The chef/owner came out to talk with us about our meals and other items on the menu. He was friendly and very sincere.Soooo good. Everything I try was fantastic. The lamb stew, plantains, and curry are all some of the best. I even meet the chef at the end. Love to support the local business.I really can't imagine why anyone would give this a rating anything less than 4 stars. If you want to take a date on something "new and different" this is the perfect place. I have to be honest I was skeptical because of the new location because when I googled the place I didn't see any nice photos, but when my date and I arrived everything looked amazing! I told the owner she needs to post photos online of the new place because there weren't any.  Anyway, it was an awesome experience, when we arrived the tables were set up nicely, there was music playing, cheese plate, wine, really classy.  The owner was more than nice and really informative on different cooking techniques. We also met other nice couples which made the experience even better.  If you want to wow your date or simply want to do something different, look no further! Only thing I would say is location is a little hidden from the address posted on the site, it's really off of Hanson street. Only reason I say that is because it's not exactly in the best area to be aimlessly walking around. Other than that this is a Must Go!This is my favorite restaurant in West Philly. The food is just amazing. The people who run the place are wonderful. I couldn't recommend it more highly. My wife and I have been coming here regularly ever since it opened a couple years ago, and we will keep coming back as long as Chef Carl is here working his magic.
Skimming over the other reviews, I see some people objecting to the food here not being "authentic Jamaican." Maybe that's true (I don't know, I've never been to Jamaica), but I don't think that's what Chef Carl (a native of Jamaica himself) is going for. My sense is that he mixes together various culinary traditions--caribbean, soul food, american--and then adds his own twist to them. The result is delicious, hearty meals, put together with great attention to detail (the sides are almost always as excellent as the main dishes), but none of the fussiness that you sometimes get with "chef food." Chef Carl is a talented man, and he and the rest of the staff are also incredibly friendly and welcoming. 
Sometimes service is a little slow--though in the past year or so it seems to have gotten faster--but the food is so good that it is definitely worth the wait. The prices are not dirt cheap, but again, the food is so good (and the quantities are so large) that to me it nevertheless feels like a bargain.
I am to the point where I order dinner specials here without even looking at what they are. I haven't yet been disappointed by any of them. I recently had the fried fish and waffle, which was great. I also love the jerk turkey with stuffing and mashed potato. On the regular menu, I recommend the curries and the baby back ribs. As for sides, I'm a fan of the collards, plantains, mashed potatoes, green beans, and sauteed spinach. For appetizers, everyone seems to rave about the island wings, and rightly so.
I rarely have room for dessert because the portions here are so big. I got bananas foster once, though, and it pretty much blew me away. They also have an assortment of cakes that I have yet to try.
The brunch here is also excellent. I enjoy the ackee and salt fish so much that I have trouble ordering anything else. It's hard to get excited about porridge, but seriously, you *must* try the porridge at brunch. I have also enjoyed the pancakes with caramelized bananas and the biscuits and gravy with eggs.I've been here twice. The first time we ordered two types of jerk chicken sandwiches. The ingredient quality was good, but we found them both rather bland. You could barely taste the jerk spice. However, the second time I came here I ordered the braised ox tail. It was absolutely delicious. Very flavorful, and the meat was cooked perfectly. I ordered it with the house vegetables, which was good, and mashed potatoes, which was good once I added more salt and pepper. I've also tried the house-made lemonade which was really good. The service is decent, though the waitresses both times seemed a bit awkward and inexperienced, and we had to ask for our water to be refilled. The food comes out quick. Both times either the head chef or manager came and asked us how our meal was, which makes a good impression. I would prefer if they had some vegetarian options besides just salads or plain pastas. Overall, I would highly recommend going here and getting the ox tail.I had the pleasure of dining here for both dinner and Brunch and was satisfied both times. The plaintains and mashed potatoes arep good and the pancakes with sauteed bananas and warm brown sugar butter were delicious. Definitely recommend this place for eats and treats :-)Everything you get here is jam packed with flavor, not to mention amazing portions! If you're looking for a new amazing place to eat in west philly, this is it! Great prices, awesome wings, and incredible jerk chicken!
There are vegetarian options as well as desserts! It's the perfect mix to formal/ casual dining. We went for Valentine's Day and it felt fancy, but I've also gone for just a small lunch. I can't say enough how great this place is!This place is great and it's right around the corner from my house. The staff is friendly and the food is delicious. I especially like how, both times I've been there, the chef came out near the end of the meal to check on us and make sure we were satisfied. You can really tell he takes pride in his work. The mac and cheese is amazing, as is the brown chicken stew, the oxtail stew, and the fried chicken. BYOB is nice, though I wouldn't complain if they got a liquor license and started selling tropical mixed drinks. :) My only wish is that they made patties, which are the most delicious Caribbean snack food of all time.Went here a couple of weeks ago while apartment hunting, and it was a mistake. The food is simply not good. I ordered a Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak, and there was nothing Jerk about it. It tasted like chicken with a little non discript seasoning. I decided to order a side of Mac and Cheese because when Mac and Cheese costs more than other sides, it's usually very good. This tasted like kraft mac and cheese. Despite the fact that this location is around the corner from my apartment, I will not be returning. I don't understand the positive ratings here...I assume these people have never had authentic Caribbean food. Best bet is to go to Gigi's Food Truck at 38th and Spruce...their jerk chicken is on point and cheaper!I placed an order to go.. The restaurant had a very pleasant & comfortable setting area, with a handful of people dining. The waitresses were kind and welcoming. But the food... I paid over $18. for a oxtail platter was barely enough for a child... No plantains or corn bread.. the rice & peas were edible... vegetables hard to swallow, so I trash them. I ordered some bread pudding that the chef tried to give me cold & then warm it up in the microwave and place in styrofoam.. And the lemon cake taste like its from a factory... I was in the neighborhood and didn't realize the restaurant had open, so I figured since I was starving let me get something different... Now I'm sitting here with a headache from all the salt that was in that meal... I DO NOT RECOMMEND THISS PLACE WHAT SO EVER... your better off getting a $10. platter from the Jamaican stores in the hood.I've heard wonderful things about this place so I decided to check it out.  It's UC dining days so there's a special menu for lunch set at $25.  I thought that was a tad high for lunch and the type of establishment. I've participated at dining days at much nicer places and the lunch menu was $15.  Nevertheless, I ordered the island wings, red bean soup & brown stew chicken. The island wings were very tasty.  The red bean soup was warm but flavorless and they ran out of brown stew chicken so I ordered the jerk chicken.  The jerk chicken tasted like barbecue sauce and lacked authentic Jamaican seasonings and the same thing goes for the rice.  The food was edible but lacked flavor. It was all so very bland & disappointing.  My friend ordered dessert and they were out of that as well.  The only reason why I gave them 2 stars is because of the macaroni & cheese. It is very good but also extremely overpriced.  My assumption is that people who have never had authentic Caribbean like this place.  There wasn't even a sweet plantain to be found and cornbread is extra. I heard about the rolls but we weren't served any. All in all if you want authentic Caribbean cuisine this is not the place.  Update--- much better food & service this time. Seasoned perfectly, wonderful hostess and waitstaff. Guess my first visit was an off day.Food is great. Service was bit slow even though we were only yhe second table. They almost forgot our dri ks and we had to get our own utensils. I did hear that service is great now so I would definitely go back.WOW. THIS is real authentic Caribbean cuisine. The cook even came out and asked everyone how their meal was. Everything is fresh and prepared ready to order. So so so good, go here!This was our first time here and we enjoyed most of the food as a Jamaican I felt that my food wasn't as authentic as I expected it to be. My favorite dish is Island wings and the Jerk grill pork. I wanted the foods to wow me but it didn't. I feel like it could have been better.I lovvvve this place. I have been here 5 or so times for dinner, and I've never been disappointed. I dream of the New Orleans style salmon and mashed potatoes. Their desserts are also great, and everything I've tried off other people's plates is delicious as well. Such a delightful place!One of my best friends went here a few months ago and has been raving about it ever since. I finally understood what all the hype was about when I went there last night for dinner. We started with two orders of the Island Wings which were AMAZINGGG!!! They were so good that as I'm writing this I'm contemplating going for round 2 tonight! We also ordered the Rasta Pasta with shrimp. The shrimp was cooked to perfection and the sauce was very flavorful. Not a speck remained on our plates! Not only does this place have some really good food, the waitress and hostess were both very welcoming and seemed genuinely interested in what we thought of our food. I will absolutely return to this establishment with many more friends!I really like this place. The food is tasty, the restaurant feels breezy and comfortable, and it's not expensive. 
Some things that are good: island wings, which really are just as excellent as everyone else mentioned. The braised oxtail is delicious, and they serve very tasty brown stew chicken. We had a side of mac and cheese which was not as great as the rest of the food, the cheese had an eggy curdled texture, but the leftovers made a pretty good breakfast the next morning.
Their ginger beer is sooooooooooooo great. It is crisp and spicy with ginger intensity. It's $6, seems like a lot, but I think it's worth it. I tried to make ginger beer once and ended up with a liquid that tasted like rotten ginger, so I appreciate the effort the chef out into making it. I wish I could buy a bottle of it, because I would.
You can BYOB, which is really nice.This place is a delight! I'm from Jamaica so I can say for sure that this place is legit. Get the homemade  ginger beer and sorrel it will change your life. The staff was fantastic. The chef even came out to ask us if we enjoyed the food. I will definitely make this place a regular on me of my list. The Island wings and oxtail were my favorites.My girlfriend and I had wanted to try this place for a while, having had it recommended by friends of ours.  What an amazing place! If it is not on your list of places to go in West Philly, you are missing out.
Our server, Michael, was friendly and professional, and we were seated comfortably at a bath with a great view of the cheerfully decorated space. After placing our orders, we received rolls that were oven fresh, warm and soft on the inside, with just a little crunch on the outside.  Delicious.
But it was the main course that really got my attention.  My girlfriend got the Salmon fillet with a sweet and spicy sauce, yam, and vegetables. The salmon was grilled just right, tender on the inside, with a subtle crunchiness seared into the surface.  The sauce, yam, and veggies complemented it well.  My goat curry was so good, I had to stop after the first bite just to savor the meat, which was fall-off-the-bone tender, in a bright, pungent sauce.  The rice and cabbage sides were similarly delightful, and their more subtle flavors offset the more striking curry flavor.
We finished by splitting a piece of sweet potato cheesecake.  Now I'm not usually a big fan of sweet potato, but this I would eat any day.  Wow!
I will need to come back here to see if I can get my hands on some of their home made ginger beer.
This place is one of the best I've been to in West Philly!Very delicious food. Welcoming and friendly staff.
A very nice place to eat and we enjoyed the visit.
Thank you for the great food :)
P.S: Make sure to try "Jerk Chicken" entree. It was very good.So me and my boyfriend were in the city looking for a new place to eat and came across this place. Awesome service. We loved the waitress. The food was amazing. I did want my entree cooked a lil differently and they took it back and corrected it with no problem. The chef came out and chatted with us for a bit. The owner was super friendly. We had the island wings, the salmon, yams, collard greens and green beans. We will definitely be going back!If I could give this restaurant 10 stars I would!! Please get the island wings and the salmon sandwich!! OmG!! This is my new favorite spot!! My friend ordered the crab cake sandwich but I didn't really care for it but my choices were Delicious!!My husband being from Trinidad makes finding a good caribbean restaurant especially difficult. While visiting family they suggested that we try a caribbean restaurant that their friends had enjoyed. Skeptical at first but we decided to give them a try. When we arrived it was at the beginning of dinner time and the restaurant was empty. The staff was very friendly. At first we only ordered an appetizer and two dishes for my party of 5 to share because we were not to sure. After eating the wing appetizers, that were cooked very well and full of flavor we knew that the food would be good and ordered another two dishes. We truly enjoyed the food and our server who kept a smile on her face the entire time. Made dinner very enjoyable. We will be back next time we visit.I was remiss...about 2 months ago I came here for lunch with a party of about 12 people. The service was speedy. The server was so warm and personable and the manager so approachable. Chef Lewis is the best. The food is always top-notch. Those island wings are incredible. I appreciate being able to get quality caribbean food this far west in ucity/cedar park/sw philly. Please patronize 48th St Grille; we need them to do well and keep their doors open. It's my go-to place for takeout after work and for a sit-down brunch or dinner on weekends. In fact, I just stopped by there for takeout. I'm not even embarrassed about how often I go there now.This place is off the chain!  I have been here several times and every single time I am impressed with the service, quality of the food and its freshness. The chef has nailed the perfect balance of blackened food. I always get the blackened tilapia with pineapple salsa, mashed potatoes and green beans and its always so good. Tonight I decided to get the blackened salmon with shrimp scampi, garlic mashed potatoes and broccoli. Damn it melted in my mouth. The portion sizes are perfect. This is a byob which is very nice   The food is just soooo good and the prices for the food are extremely reasonable. Please do your tastebuds and favor and check this place out. This is not a restaurant you want to disappear from the Philly restaurant scene. The staff are so friendly and very accommodating.Delicious food. Supremely accommodating chef (my wife has a strict diet because of health problems) and a kind staff. Grateful that we have this little gem in our neighborhood.My cousin recommended this restaurant to me. I got the island wings and they were delicious. They come with a pineapple ranch sauce but you don't need that sauce at all. The wings are good by themselves. I also had the macaroni and cheese, it was nice and flavorful. My nephew had the Rasta Pasta with chicken. I tasted a fork full of it and I know what I'll be ordering the next time. For dessert, I had the bread pudding with rum sauce. I love bread pudding and not everyone can make it just right. Well, that bread pudding was good! It had just the right amount of raisins and a little bit of nuts (I'm not a fan of nuts) and the sauce was the icing  on the cake. I enjoyed my meal. UberEATS got it here fast and it was still hot. The only problem I had was the plastic utensils they give you are so cheap. I know I'm picky...lol...I'm usually kind of stingy with 5 star reviews, but this place is really as good as it gets.  I travel to Philly for work about once a month, and my coworkers and I are always out and about when it's lunch time.  Usually we ask some local people we're working with for recommendations, but we got no suggestions (or one of my coworkers vetoed the suggestion), so I checked Yelp and 48th Street Grille was along our driving route and the reviews sounded good, especially to me since I'm a very fussy eater.  When we got there, we found street parking around the block right away, so that's good.  The interior décor is colorful, bright, and clean. We were the first customers for lunch that day.  The waitress was quick and friendly, and she told us all the specials of the day, including one last NY strip steak.  I went with the steak, another coworker has a different special, and the third ordered off the menu.  Everything was fabulous.  I even ate the green beans, and I'm not a fan of green beans. (My mother would be so proud.)  The steak was better than several steakhouses I've been to in the area.  The portion was so It came with a small bowl of the chef's special jerk sauce, which was fabulous: tangy, spicy, with a hint of apple flavor.  When we were done eating, the waitress had no problem splitting the check 3 ways (for our expense accounting, which occasionally is a problem at other places).  And finally the chef came out to chat with us about the food and how we liked it before we departed.  I asked about the steak sauce, and that's when he told us it was his own special jerk sauce.  If I'm even in the neighborhood again at lunch time, or dinner time, I'll be sure to stop in again.Definitely a disappointment. Fries not done and burned chicken. Spent $15.02 and the food was no where near worth it. However the staff was very polite. I on the other hand will not be patronizing this business. You live and you learn. #neveragainThis place is amazing! We weren't that hungry, but really wanted to try it out, so we just got the conch fritters and the jerked chicken salad. Both were insanely excellent, and we can't wait to go back and try more food.Very nice comfortable place. Stopped by this Sunday with family after visiting grave. We had a party of 8 and the food and service was very good.  I would recommend this to anyone who is in the neighborhood,  great job. ...This place exceeded my expectations!! I enjoyed a phenomenal meal. I had curry chicken, the best cabbage I've ever tasted and scrumptious creamy dreamy mac & cheese. The side of plantains were cooked to perfection. My sweetie ordered jerk chicken quesadilla I believe it was from the appetizers and that was simply awesome. I had no room for desert but I can't wait to go back and try something else. The owner/chef stopped by our table and he was so very pleasant and made us feel welcome.48th Street Grille is our number one restaurant for International  and soul food. We visit once a week to eat good wholesome food. The Chef takes time to come to our table and see if we like the food and need anything, we say....more of this great food.
This is where  Chefs eat. And take it from Chef Baba Ismail who recommends 48th Street Grille to all Chefs and join them for after hour good eating from our Five Star comrade. 
The specials are the best, but ask Chef Carl to go off menu and give you the Chef Table Creation. You will not be disappointed,  but rather, pleasured too.
Let me just say that the quality and consistency of the culinary delights, including the quantity of food on your plate is haven.Went here for UC Dining Days Saturday night with friends. Service was outstanding. Attentive but never intrusive. The food was good and attractively presented. The island wings were extra good . Wonderful addition to neighborhood.Wonderful dining experience: Exquisite food and impeccable customer service.
I had the jerk wings (5) and cabbage which accompanied a unique tasting veggie slaw.
I topped off my meal with bread pudding (to go). I had the opportunity to meet the chef and proprietor who was equally charming.
This will definitely be my new "go to" spot when I'm in the area.Delicious food, friendly staff. Homemade ginger beer and jerk chicken are two of my favorites. The flavors in chef's food are amazing. I have had Jamaican food before but never this good.The chef who is also the founder came out and spoke to us. He is a very nice man. We had a great time. Our service was great. The atmosphere was friendly. The decor is really on point. We will be back soon. Thank y'all for the delicious food and service.Honestly ! This is most delicious oxtail I ever tasted. Everything was seasoned to the bone. Presentation was beautiful. Best birthday dinner in awhile. I will return soon when we back in Philly.Best mashed potatoes I've had in my life! The service was great and attentive. Serving size was perfect and left me very content. I highly recommend and will surely be back!The jerk chicken is really good and the salmon is good also.  I have visited at least five times and I have liked every entree that I have ordered.  Very friendly staff too!My 2nd time eating at this establishment was just a s good as the first.  The waitress was very friendly and the service was good.  The jerk chicken was great.  The sauce used has a bold taste with a hint of BBQ.  The side of cabbage was a nice compliment along with the rice and beans.  The head chef came out to greet us and to ensure we enjoyed our meal.  Overall, this place was a good lunch time choice for me and my coworkers.
Oh and I can't forget the sinfully decadent chocolate cake with shaved chocolate...pure bliss.Came here with my fiancé and brother for lunch. Everything was cooked to perfection. We had peas and rice, mac and cheese, cabbage, jerk chicken, oxtail, curry chicken, plantains, and black bean soup. The food was great and ambiance is goodWhat's up with all these amazing restaurants in the middle of nowhere that I've never heard about, but apparently lots of other people have? Another great spot that I just happened to come across on yelp and got the chance to check out when a friend was visiting. This is pretty far out in west philly and its mostly a residential neighborhood, but the food felt center city quality. Definitely a more upscale place compared to the hole in the wall carribean places you usually find and I was apprehensive at first because I find those kind of places just okay. But this was in a whole different category. 
Walking in, the decor was like a weird mix between casual and formal, but I could see how that works for this place. Most of the menu items were a little pricier than what out party was feeling, we ended up all opting for the jerk chicken sandwich. Which I'm glad we did, because even though it was only $10, it was probably the best jerk chicken anything I've ever had...and it came with sweet potato fries! We also got Island Wings, which were like crack (not that I've done it). Most memorably, during our meal the chef came out and personally asked how the meal was going, and you could really tell he cared about the food he made, which you could already tell through both the quality of the food and the presentation. Great place, definitely want to try the other menu items sometime.Honestly, I love this restaurant because you can get full off of appetizers alone and that's amazing . I needed to find a West Indian restaurant close to home because Trinidadian and I'm glad I found this one.I discovered this restaurant today on a whim and it's flipping amazing. I had the oxtail and substituted yams and fried plantains in place of the menu's listed veggies. It was very very good. The restaurant itself is well lit, spacious, and generally bright and cheery. 
I suggest trying the homemade lemonade and at least one of the appetizers, all are to die for. 
The staff, from the hostess to the waitress to the chef were all incredibly friendly and hospitable. Honestly one of the best dining out experiences I've had in quite awhile. Highly, highly recommended.I really enjoyed my outing here. I went for lunch with my girlfriends and we were overall impressed with the service and the food. I liked that it was very quaint and clean. It sure beat heading to Center City and having to fight for parking. 
My sister and I both had chicken dishes that came with rice and cabbage. Love me some cabbage, so I quite enjoyed the way they seasoned and added veggies to it. I believe it was referred to as 'braised' cabbage. And the beans and the stewed chicken... YUM! My chicken straight fell off the bone. Everyone knows that is the litmus test for some tender chicken. When that happens, you know the chicken is about to be good!
I added a side of plantains, and honestly this place made me appreciate plantains done right. I've had some dry, tasteless ones in the past. Can't say that about these. I had dessert too. Tasty rum cake.
My friends raved about everything they had, and I was cheered for recommending this place, so I will definitely go back. Maybe for a date night next time.Came here with my family for brunch. Environment was amazing. Our server was towanna she was fast and friendly. All of the food was made to order and delicious. The chef even came out while we were eating to ask our feedback and thank us for coming which was very nice will definitely be coming back again.I probably will not get through this review without calling up and placing an order. Although, truthfully, this is the place to dine in. The chef, Carl Lewis, and his team are passionate about their restaurant. This is apparent at first glance and continues to reaffirm throughout the meal. Every single bite of food, sweet or savory, and drink (the ginger beer is a MUST), was glorious. After we finished, Chef Lewis came to our table and asked about our meal. I was really touched, I felt like I was eating at his house. If you like leaving a restaurant with a smile on your face and a full happy belly, this is the place for you.Food was delicious! Had the jerk chicken sandwich. Service was pretty quick too. Looking forward to coming back!This place was fantastic. 
My boyfriend and I were looking for a place nearby to eat, and this place had the best reviews. When we got there, there weren't many people there, which made us a little nervous since it was a Saturday night. We went in anyway. 
When we got inside, we were greeted by the hostess (who also turned out to be our server). She was probably the nicest woman I've ever met in my life. She warned us in the beginning that she usually did takeout orders and wasn't used to serving, but she was wonderful nonetheless. 
We started with the wings, which were recommended to us by the waitress. They were so damn good. I can't even. They came with a great slaw, too, with peppers and I think mango slices. 
For my entree, I got the jerk chicken with seasonal vegetables and rice and peas. They were all phenomenal. The chicken was so moist and the sauce was so so good and spicy. My boyfriend got the ribs with Mac and cheese and green beans. The ribs were also really tender and wonderful, the green beans were great and the Mac and cheese was pretty good, too. 
 I am new to the neighborhood and CANNOT wait to go back!!The flavor of my curry chicken was soooooo good it was spivey but good! I got a small for $13 :-/ that would have been perfect if the rice wasn't mushy and it wasn't in a damn Chinese small platter tray :-| I was sooooo mad but in all honesty the size is the only thing that would make me not wanna go back you can't have mushy rice and it be so damn so for $13 not worth it(Cliché coming) I really wanted to love this place..I REALLY DID! First off customer service.. solid 5!! My food ugh.. I got the Sweet Chili Glazed Salmon served with Sweet Yams and Green Beans. Greens beans were ok. The Salmon was just plain old dry. I only eat fish sooo it was apparent that it was either not fresh or over cooked and soaked in a candy like chili sauce..the glaze was extremely sweet. In addition to the sweet sauce there were sweet yams which were runny.  Now I'm a girl who loves her sweets but that was too much sugar in one entree. My daughter had jerk chicken quesadillas and she loved them. I think it's worth a try, just not for me.In town for the holiday, I know I would have a Philly cheesesteak, but I didn't know I would find Caribbean food so close to the hotel, the atmosphere was pleasant and staff was great. The Owner/ Executive Chef  Carl Lewis was in the kitchen. Carl came by our table not once but twice really appreciate it. The food spoke for itself.This family-owned Caribbean restaurant in West Philly is great! I have been here 3 times with 3 different groups of people and they have loved it. 
There is a student discount on Tuesdays (8%-10% off the entire bill)! Make sure to bring your student ID card to receive the discount. However, definitely make sure to ask the server about the discount BEFORE paying and to clarify what it is be because our server wasn't sure about it. I called earlier in the day to confirm the student discount and I was told something different over the phone than what it actually was when we arrived to the restaurant. I didn't bring up this difference because the discount was applied without a problem, but definitely ask before paying. Enjoy!Delicious! The wings, jerk chicken sandwich and chocolate cake were all terrific, and the staff was friendly and welcoming.The island wings are awesome! Spring rolls good. Good portions!  The entire wait staff was very attentiveWent here with a girlfriend for lunch on a Friday a few weeks ago. It was not crowded so we were seated right away. Our server was also very accommodating. The food was okay but nothing special really. I ordered the jerk chicken with rice and mixed veggies. The rice was very bland and they did not have any of the desserts I wanted so that was disappointing. 
The fresh flowers on the table were a nice touch and I did like the décor but if I was management I would consider investing in non paper menus. 
Overall I'd probably give them another shot but I'm not rushing back.What a gem! 
This restaurant is just enough off the beaten path that it is the last place you might look to get some great, healthful food with superb service. 
The food was delicious and tasted like it was cooked with care from real ingredients. Our server (the daughter of the owner) was probably the nicest server I've encountered in Philly so far. 
The place looks happy and clean with bright decor that almost made me forget it was cold and dreary outside. 
While the menu is short on veggie options, they do have a few and would definitely accommodate a vegan if asked.Delicious food and friendly service. Cool vibe. The chef came out and introduced himself and made sure the food was to our liking. Great portion sizes, my partner and I both took a little bit home. We wished we were staying longer and could go back for their brunch! Will absolutely visit them again!What a great authentic Jamaican restaurant. The jerk chicken platter and club sandwich were my favorites as well as the oxtail which is prepared with attention to detail. The chef/owner is there every time I dine. 
Highly recommend this restaurant for lunch and dinner.The menu had so many great looking choices, it was hard to decide. We took a waitress' advice and had the blackened salmon. It was out of this world. We also ordered the cornbread-- do not skip it. The best I've ever had. Our dinner companion had a pork chop and mashed potato and loved it. When the waitress heard him thank me for his birthday treat, she insisted on bringing out warm bread pudding with ice cream and a birthday candle. The bread pudding was divine. We also had a side of fried plantains with our dinner, and vegetable potstickers as an appetizer. Excellent menu with authentic Carribean dishes. Beautiful simple atmosphere and friendly staff. So glad we found it.i had a wonderful brunch with 9 family members on Sunday for my daughter Khisha's birthday. We had a wonderful meal. The service people were quite attentive and we enjoyed the atmosphere. Food was great. Will come again. Third time was definitely a charm.Firstly, can I say that this is economic development at its best? What a wonderful, vibrant addition to the 48th and Spruce neighbourhood. Marcus, our server, told us that he had known the owner since he was little and that this was his dream, finally realized. Nothing like a successful new small business to give me hope and optimism for the world. Kudos to these guys.
[ food ]
A friend and I split the chili glazed salmon platter, with collard greens and sweet mashed potatoes. The chef accidentally gave us normal mashed potatoes (which were delicious anyway, highly recommended) so we got a side of sweet mashed potatoes for free when Marcus realized the error, and those were great as well.
The salmon filet was perfectly cooked - just the right combination of tender and crispy, and the chili glaze was perfectly balanced. No complaints about the food at all, and we will certainly be ordering delivery if we can't make the hike out to 48th from Penn campus.
Prices are reasonable and serving sizes are huge - great value for money too!
[ decor ]
Clean, home-like, diner-style. A couple of bars and a TV, and also nice family-sized tables. Comfy, friendly, non-imposing vibe - almost reminded me of a kindergarten classroom, but in a good way. :) Oh and the fans look like palm leaves! Cute touch.
[ service ]
Marcus is so invested in his job - he worked straight through his break to make sure everyone was happy and when we asked him why, he said it was because he had known the owner since he was a child and he was so happy to see his dreams realized. I love stories like this. This is how strong businesses are born.
The chef personally came around to ask every single table how the meals were, and our plates were licked clean.
[  overall ]
Fantastic addition to West Philadelphia. Will certainly be returning. The epitome of a successful small business story! :DThis place was an instant "go to" choice from the moment they opened. I've never had anything that I didn't like on the menu. Everything from the signature dishes (such as the brown stew chicken, curry chicken or jerk chicken) to the vegetarian options (so happy they have options!) -- you will be full and happy by the end of your meal. Definitely try the homemade ginger beer or sorrel as they're delicious and you won't be disappointed. They are also a byob so you can bring your favorite bottle with you to match what you're having to eat. The service is always great even when it's packed, it may be a little slower then you're used to, but if you order a starter you won't even mind. The restaurant is always clean and ordering online for pickup or delivery (Eat24) is perfect. Very happy for their continued success and I will continue to be a neighborhood patron. Kudos!Very authentic and delicious. Chicken fell off the bone - curry. Chicken was very tasty and moist - jerk. Staff is very nice. A bright spot for an up-and-coming location.I very much enjoyed the meal i had there. I had the traditional rice and peas (beans) with chicken. It was delicious just like I remembered from when I lived in the Caribbean.This place is without a doubt the best Caribbean spot in Philly. From the appetizers to entrees & sides to the desserts, this place doesn't disappoint! Curried chicken dumplings and island wings are a must have! The jerk chicken and rasta pasta are unmatched. The staff are friendly & respectful and Chef Carl has truly brought a slice of Caribbean heaven to the Philadelphia area. We are customers for life!I really loved this place.  I went unassuming not sure what to expect. 
The service was SO friendly.  The chef came out to greet us and to see how we were enjoying our meal.  And on top of that, the food was delicious.  I ordered the Jerk Chicken entree with mashed sweet potato.  I really loved it and hope to go back soonAmazing food. Hidden West Philly gem. True Caribbean flavors. Empty on a week night. Lots of menu options to choose from. Got a free bday dessert.Recently ate here and had a great experience. I was looking for a quick lunch over the weekend and could smell the food they were cooking down the block so I had to go in.
I ordered the jerk wings and sweet plantains. The wings were very large and tasted amazing, definitely worth the price. The wings came with a pineapple ranch that nice paired sweetness with the spices of the wings.  The plantains were delicious as well, and I ended up taking portions of both home for later due to the generous servings. 
Both orders came out quickly and the service was friendly. I was even greeted during my meal by an older gentleman who I assumed to be the owner and/or chef asking how the food was, which shows they care about the customer and the quality of food they serve. I will definitely be returning soon!
Cheers!The food here is pretty good The Jerk Chicken I had here once definitely needs to be more spicy more like G G's at 30th street and 38th street and also even though it may not be a Caribbean dish potato salad like Gigi's make add some mustard to it and it will be a dish a lot of people will want here at this restaurant trust me on that black folks in West Philly love potato salad. come down a few dollars on the desserts and on the sides and it will help business also people get scared away on prices but not me I have money like that lol. also try advertising more than just social media everyone doesn't have a computer try putting pamphlets on cars and different areas and I will suggest within the 10 block radius or more so that people know that you are in the neighborhood in west philadelphia. Also you can call your local cable company and locally advertise it may cost a little money but it will be worth it in the long run maybe have the ads run like a few times a day on a certain local channels for about a month or so just call your local cable company and see how much it will be I guarantee advertising means longevity if people know you exist you make money if a lot of people don't know you exist then it may be bad for business and the long run hopefully you're a business that survivesAmazing spot for authentic food that is made fresh to order and high quality!  I wish they could move to VA so I could eat here more often!  I had the jerk chicken wings, jerk chicken sandwich and my bf had the Blackened Salmon. I will definitely come back!  Thanks Philly!Blackened Prime Rib with garlic mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese. Short ribs with string beans and garlic mashed potatoes. Freshly made sorrel was real tasty. That will be my go to drink. Not to healthy not to sweet .... . When they open the outside tables we will be back for round 2. Quaint danty little place and they chef came out to greet us.mac and cheese still haven't changed.its minced not whole mac and cheese, yuck nasty.ordered thur uber eats and 48th st grille forgot my gold peak ice tea maybe on purpose and still charged me. food got worst.island wings have chicken hairs very hairy on them.damn burn them off or look into a meat shaver or something.I see this place going out of business soon.j notice the wings went up.I figured money issues would come last year and prices will riseI was pretty disappointed with the experience I had at this restaurant, possibly because I had high expectations from previous reviews. There wasn't a wait to be seated but there was an extremely long wait to be served! So long that we required refills on our drinks before receiving our meals... and that was another wait to even be noticed that a refill was needed. When the food arrived after about 45 minutes or more! My plate wasn't even full! It was a very skimpy meal!
The table next to us had 3 older ladies who also had the same wait as us in addition to one of the ladies not being able to eat her meal because it was too spicy. Another dish had to be boxed for her because once she received it, her friends had already finished eating.
The food itself was ok, nothing worth coming out my way for againHaving had Jamaican food all over Jamaica from Montego Bay to Kingston and in Toronto, South London and Brooklyn, I can say that this place is proper.  The jerk sauce isn't too salty like it typically is and has a nice sweet and spice balance.  I prefer my jerk sauce more on the sweeter side.  The only improvement I can suggest is I'd rather have creamy coleslaw than cabbage.  The chicken was nice and moist and tender and the baked mac and cheese was nice and light and super fluffy, just how I like it.  It was on par with the best baked mac and cheese in NYC that I've had in Harlem.  Highly recommended.Service was very attentive and efficient. I had the chicken curry, which was good, but nothing exceptional. Portions are very generous!I've heard wonderful things about this place so I decided to check it out.  It's UC dining days so there's a special menu for lunch set at $25.  I thought that was a tad high for lunch and the type of establishment. I've participated at dining days at much nicer places and the lunch menu was $15.  Nevertheless, I ordered the island wings, red bean soup & brown stew chicken. The island wings were very tasty.  The red bean soup was warm but flavorless and they ran out of brown stew chicken so I ordered the jerk chicken.  The jerk chicken tasted like barbecue sauce and lacked authentic Jamaican seasonings and the same thing goes for the rice.  The food was edible but lacked flavor. It was all so very bland & disappointing.  My friend ordered dessert and they were out of that as well.  The only reason why I gave them 2 stars is because of the macaroni & cheese. It is very good but also extremely overpriced.  My assumption is that people who have never had authentic Caribbean like this place.  There wasn't even a sweet plantain to be found and cornbread is extra. I heard about the rolls but we weren't served any. All in all if you want authentic Caribbean cuisine this is not the place.Bottom line, make sure to get the island wings. Seriously, I would come here just for them. They are freaken awesome. Probably the best wing sauce I've had in a really long time. Smokey and sweet with a bit of a kick. And they aren't shy on the sauce like some other places might be, these are pretty much drenched in sauce, and its beautiful. 
We came here for University City Dining Days (3 courses, $25) and it was overall a pleasant experience. Service was super friendly and the food was really good. Aside from the wings, I went with the garden salad (for which the house dressing was a nice light vinaigrette) and the blackened tilapia. The fish wasn't as spicy as I hoped but it was well-cooked and the mango salsa offered an enjoyably sweet contrast. The mashed potatoes were abundant and hearty, although the green beans were plain and somewhat disappointing. 
Definitely plan to return for some more wings and to try out the rest of the menu.Amazing food. We were visiting Philly and everyone tried a different plate and all was fantastic. Jamaican food was very good!We love this place for brunch and dinner. Excellent pancakes, pulled pork sandwich, and pot stickers. It's generally quiet and the staff is very attentive. The chef has come to check on us multiple times while eating here.Ox tails had me like ! Really amazing, authentic Jamaican food. Nice ambiance and a professional, considerate staff. Also, the greens were well season and spicy. #impressiveWagwan mi bredren!?
Glad to have this sort of option around the way. Big George's has been gone for SOME time now and I'm surprised it has really taken someone this long to fill that void. 48th Street Grille is it! 
I had the island wings and a "regular" coffee to start. Everything I could expect was right about these wings, but the side garnish really blew my mind... vegetable slaw. Not a fan now nor have I ever been of cole slaw, but this was different. It was like candied julienne vegetable strips (peppers, onions, squash?)... sweet and spicy. I could seriously eat that by itself. I had to commend the chef on this when he came to speak to us. I could definitely see kids liking this too. Not to mention the side lime and ting BLUP!
Never had oxtail before (can you believe it?) so this was my big chance to check them out. Eh, should've done my homework. They were good, but too much bone for me. I swapped out the recommended sides for plantains and garlic mashed potatoes... each were definitely on point. My guest had BBQ ribs, mashed potatoes, and string beans. She remarked at how fresh the vegetables were. We each just ordered a small, but that small was filling. The smell of the BBQ was so strong the people at the next table got it too. In the same vein, someone sitting at a far window had a large burger and sweet fries piled up... that's what I'm getting next time. It looked righteous yunnastanme? RIGHTEOUS!
Service was really personable, yet professional. It reminded me of southern hospitality, but perhaps the islands are known for it too. Seriously, folk need to know about this place. I came through on a weekday morning, but would love to see this place hoppin at dinner time.
Chef Carl, you spread the sauce. I'll spread the word!Great addition to West Philly dinning! the food is great! I tried the jerk chicken and the curry chicken and both were AWESOME!!! the cornbread was also sooooo good. 
I took my 2 of my friends there on 2 seperate times and they both took their friends there in less that a week of  going to the resturant.  BTW one of my friends is jamaican and she loved the food! 
I look for any excuse to go there! 
the only con is that the food takes time to come out but it is WORTH the wait!I'm usually cautious with my ratings, but this definitely deserves all five stars.
The. food. is. awesome. 
I was expecting lots of greasy, fried items, but was delighted by the fresh and delicately prepared fare that transcended my narrow expectations of Caribbean food.
Jerk chicken wings were outstanding; splendidly seasoned (and not fried), I could've eaten just those all night. Oxtail was savory, gently spiced and fall-off-the-bone tender. The bone-in goat curry was spicy but balanced. My partner and I argued over which was better, and couldn't come to a conclusion. Cornbread was great. We didn't get to the drinks, but they looked fresh and amazing. BYOB, so next time I might bring something to spike that tasty-looking lemonade.
Our server, Annie (Antoinette) was absolutely lovely. She was friendly and attentive without being intrusive. It was also great when the chef came out; such a nice touch.
The decor isn't ostentatious: just simple, clean, and casual. I don't know if the city would permit them to throw a few tables outside, but if that happened I might not be able to stop myself from eating here every night. 
In sum: Get there STAT.My husband and I live not far from the grille and happened upon it by accident one day.  We went for the first time last week and it was fantastic.  We won't be getting our Caribbean food from anywhere else in Philly from now on!  It's the only place I've been able to find except Bahama Breeze that does conch fritters and unlike Bahama Breeze these are tasty and feel authentic!  We also had the rasta pasta with jerk chicken, ox tail, sweet potato fries, and plantains.  And to top off the meal we had Ting to drink.  Great atmosphere, super friendly staff, and a much needed addition to the real West Philly (not UPenn) scene.  We'll be back again and again!Had their bread pudding with ice cream and it was awful.  It was too firm and furthermore cold.  Couldn't use the plastic spoon to eat it.  They need to serve it warmService and food are both AMAZING! The waiter even chilled my glass for my byob . The food is full of flavor and seasoning. And u can tell everything is made with love and care. You're cheating yourself if u don't comeWalked in and my order was taken immediately. Customer service was professional and we also discussed the type of dipping sauces I have used previously. I will try the sauce that was very provided and see how it is. I've already tasted it without and they are delicious. I will be coming back to dine in next time.First time at this establishment.  The food was excellent.   Now the bad:   Front of house could use some training.  Every time someone came in they would have them sit and wait while there were plenty of empty tables.   Wait staff wasn't very attentive.  It took over 50 minutes for our main dish to come out of the kitchen.   We were there for about an hour and a half.   
I had the vegetable spring roll.  It had great flavor.   Second course I had a house salad.   Third course was blackened catfish.   It would be nice if we could have picked our sides for the entree but they weren't accepting any substitutions.   The catfish had mashed potatoes and green beans?    I ordered a side of Mac and cheese and ate my dinner mates collard greens.  They both were good.   Really didn't touch my sides.   Who wants that with blackened catfish.   My husband had sweet chili chicken wings then the soup followed by chicken and waffles.   He said his food was excellent.  
It will be worth another trip to see if service is better and to try more of the delicious food.  
Four stars because of front of house, otherwise it would be five.Got takeout from here .. Island Wings and Jerk Wings ... Island wings were the fav no complaints crisp wings amazing sauce .. Jerk tasted like they used store brought sauce seems like something I can buy at shoprite .. but still tasty .. wish they would've grilled or fried the wings maybe ... 
A bit pricey at $14 for 10 wingettes also they were all 9 flats and 1 drum .. the jerk were $9 for 5 wings again all flats .. also got fries nothing special .. and the cornbread is HUGE and cake like .. 
In short I'd get the Island Wings again sweet, sticky, a lil kick and spice!!! For $14 they should add fries with it and not a la carteGreat food!
I enjoyed eating here. The owners came out and greeted everyone. The food was delicious. There was a nice selection of many different Caribbean treats. 
The only thing that really bothered me about this place was the tables that they used. The table I sat at was very uncomfortable. It had a very large base that angled up towards the center. It didn't leave me anywhere to put my feet and I had to put my body in a weird position so that I could reach my food. Very uncomfortable. If they could use different tables then j would say this place would be pretty much perfect. 
I still highly recommend eating here. The friendly owners plus the delicious food make me give this a 4 star rating. Fix the table situation and I will definitely change my review to 5 stars. 
I will back for more :)Great Food, good service! Will be coming back this week for the Island Wings. The chef/owner came out to our table and had small convo with us. As a patron, that means a lot and it shows a lot about the customer serviceRemembered this restaurant from the Philly Eats newsletter. Was in the area so I figured I would try it for lunch. I ordered the Stew Chicken and Jerk Chicken platters. Both were great. My favorite was the Stew Chicken. This is authentic Jamaican food. Not Americanized in the least. I plan on going back to sample their dinner items, especially the Jerk Chicken Quesadillas!Absolutely delicious! Went here the other night and had a wonderful experience! The staff was very welcoming and friendly. Very clean and great atmosphere. For dinner we had the shrimp appetizer, the Mac and cheese, conch fritters and the jerk chicken sandwich. It was all delicious! Overall, it's a great addition to the neighborhood!When I lived in Philly ( recently moved back to Cali ) I ordered from them every week through UberEats . Same thing , Rasta Pasta w/ salmon or the salmon platter with mash and green beans . Sooooo BOMB !!! They have never , ever , EVER  disappointed me. I've always received everything so hot and fresh . Big portions and I never mind spending the money because the food is definitely worth it .We came early on a cold Saturday night with 2 little kids.  They have a great kids menu with seriously reasonable prices. We fed 2 kids quality and healthy food for under $10; and tired parents were able to enjoy a nice meal.  I ordered a whole fish which was not right and the chef came out himself apologizing and offered any other dish for a sub and free desserts for the family; the salmon sub was nice; fried plantains were best I ever had.  
The service was friendly but our waiter overlooked a lot of little obvious things that we had to ask for.; like ketchup for the fries or extra plates for the kids; and we had to hunt down booster seats ourselves for the kids.  And I kind of felt ignored when we first entered.  Also, the specials were a bit vague.  I would also welcome some vegetarian, bean-based, entrees.  Desserts were ok but not super fresh and likely not made in house.  
But Kid-friendly, great food, and attention to details = a hearty five star welcome to West Philly.I have been to Jamaica many times and love the cuisine. While I agree this restaurant is more of a general Caribbean style cuisine it is still fantastic. As I think we all know it is really tough to get good Caribbean food in philly and while Jamaican jerk hit is a few blocks from my house I refuse to eat there ever again. The jerk chicken with rice and beans couple with cabbage is outstanding. The conch fritters are perfect and the stuffed chicken Brest is unique and tasty. This place is a pretty good hike for me but the food is well worth it.Love this place! My husband had been talking about the 48th St Grille for a while because he had drove by and said it smelled very delicious. Finally we got the chance to go and brought our very energetic toddler. The staff was amazing, so sweet and accommodating to us and our rambunctious toddler. Not only was the staff amazing and kind but the other customers were friendly which gave for an overall welcoming and homey feel. The food was perfect! It was exactly what i was looking for. I got the rasta pasta and sauce was out of this world. The tomatoes tasted fresh and the pasta was cooked to perfection. My husband got the jerk chicken cheesesteak which he was very pleased with but he couldn't stop eating his side of mac n chesse. To top it all of the chef came out at the very end and asked us how we liked our food which was such a nice surprise. He ensured me my food would be even better the next day. He was correct because i couldn't even wait till lunch i had my leftovers for breakfast. This place is for sure a gem.Was hungry and this little cafe was in the neighborhood. OMG so great! Clean atmosphere  with hospitable staff who made sure we were taken care of. Food was delicious!!! I ordered the jerk chicken hash and it was EVERYTHING!!!! Loved this place and will definitely go back!If you want Caribbean food, this is THE place to go! Ate here on a Friday night and couldn't have had a better experience. From the friendly hostess to the warm and welcoming Chef Carl Lewis who visited us at our table, we couldn't have felt more welcomed. The food was spectacular and authentic. Order the island wings, bone-in curry goat, and jerk pork chop. Each entree also comes with two sides - it's hard to narrow down to two! All in all a fantastic experience with food made with love.I love their cornbread and Mac and cheese. They also have really tasty ackee and salt fish.So the food here was a strong 5 stars!!! The prices were ok but the drink prices were out of control! That being said, I would have sucked it up IF the drinks were delicious- the lemonade was NOT. I had to dump half my water into my daughters glass to make it palpable. The island wings were phenomenal and the jerk quesadillas were very good. I took away 1 star for the crappy over priced lemonade. The 2nd star was taken away for the slow as hell (when not even busy) service. Twice, I had to go behind the wall to find our waitress and ended up paying at the counter because she was too "busy" to come retrieve my payment.This place...meh, isn't that great to me. I understand the reviews that state that it's "Caribbean, American" food so it won't be authentic Caribbean food, well...I'm sorry, but it still needs to actually taste good. Yesterday evening, I wanted to treat myself to Caribbean food. So I ordered Jumbo Curry Shrimp served with steamed white rice and braised cabbage with a side of fried plantain. The curry and the shrimp, all 5 (that were NOT jumbo, yet normal, medium sized shrimp) that I received were pretty good. The white rice...HORRIBLE!!! I have NO CLUE what they did to it, but it tasted like the grains were mushy and sticky on the outside, but yet were al dente inside...as weird as it sounds. It was HORRIBLE!!! I cannot emphasize that enough. When I was paying for my food, I saw a rice cooker on the counter, so...I honestly don't know how one messes up rice cooking it in a rice cooker. Not to mention, rice is a staple side dish for most Caribbean dishes, so...it NEEDS to be on point. This rice was far from it. The plantain...meh...weren't that great. I...don't think that they were ripe enough or perhaps they were not caramelized long enough. They were so white! Typically fried plantains are pretty dark in color. In the end, I ate the plantains and the shrimp curry with cabbage (which was JUST okay), but I pitched the rice! It was just so gummy and awful!  And for those that KNOW me, know that's a HUGE deal because to say that I LOVE white rice is a gross understatement. I understand, now, why I barely ever see anybody in this place. The next time I get a craving for Caribbean food, I'll just drive on over to Jamaican D's up in the north.Came to Philly all the way from Washington ,DC and had a craving for some carribean food. One of my carribean friends recommended this spot and raves about their brunch so I decided to give it a try. I came on a Sunday shortly after they opened and the restaurant was pretty empty. My friends and I ordered the snapper, ox tails and the Jamaican breakfast. All three were amazing. The plantains were cooked perfectly, the ox tails were almost falling off the bone and the presentation was beautiful. The salt fish was prepared in a classic fashion and the sautéed onions , peppers and thyme all added to the authenticity of this dish. The service was great, the chef himself even came out and greeted us which gave the experience an even more homey feel. Will def come back again .!Not so good. Cabbage was not tender the meat was barely there and a little tough and the rice was dry. Not worth $30-$40 the Mac and cheese is what I look forward to and it was nasty no taste much egg flavor. Maybe I will try something else only if I am not paying for it.Everything is good! Chef/owner in restaurant/hotel business for over 40 years. Food was amazing!The staff was very friendly! They were all very amiable, from the host to the owner. There wasn't a wait at all, which is kind of surprising during Sunday brunch. 
The ambiance gave an island feel with the colors and music. Parking was fairly easy!
I gave it 4 stars because the food wasn't memorable. It was pretty good and I would return, but there wasn't anything that made me have a dire need to return. If I return, I'll definitely explore the menu. 
I had the jerk wings, which were more on the tangy side. The macaroni wasn't all too flavorful, despite how cheesy it looks. I wasn't a fan of the biscuits and gravy, but my partner in brunch LOVED it. He also got the chicken and sweet potato waffles. He mentioned the waffle was sweeter than expected, but was just okay.This is probably my new favorite spot in West Philadelphia, so everyone, including students please try out this excellent creole restaurant. 
48th street is a easily missed gem in the neighborhood, it sits between a seafood restaurant and a dry cleaners and across from a furniture store (formerly RadioShack). 
I went during brunch hour and it was hardly busy and we had an excellent waitress. First thing I liked about this place is that the menu was small and concise with great dishes to choose from. Second, the taste and portion size are perfect. The Salmon with Grits was 14.95 but I barely finished it and I had a size of the biscuits with gravy. Well, biscuits do not come as a side which is a disappointment, so we had to pay about 5 bucks for them.
As I mentioned above, students get 10% off on Tuesdays and seniors get a discount on Wednesdays. However, expect to wait between 25 to 30 minutes for your entrée since it is cooked to order.The food is excellent.....had the oxtail with rice and peas that includes their house salad which is sauté zucchini and squash.....very tasty, fresh and crunchy. They just need to work on their speed of service.This place really is a gem! We were attended to by Gigi and she was spectacular.  Gigi was attentive and very personable.  She was the figurative "icing" on the cake of great tasting food! Everything here was prepared well.  I will be back very soon.We went for brunch on Saturday and got there right at 11 in case there was a line - there wasn't, and we really don't know why not. This place is fantastic. We got the jerk chicken hash, the french toast, some corn bread, and the kids split the french toast breakfast and some breakfast potatoes. Everything was delicious and the price was reasonable. Probably the best french toast I've ever had and the kids really liked the potatoes and eggs. They loved the mango juice and the sorrel was out out sight! Our server was great, and the chef came over to say hello. Oh, neat decor and layout, too. If you're wondering whether to give it a shot, we recommend.We were in the area for a business meeting and needed something close before heading to the airport.  Glad we found this place.  The food and service were amazing!!!! We had the salmon burger blackened, a beef patty, jerk chicken, and the soup.  The soup was absolutely amazing.Found this place on yelp.
I ordered over the phone. I had a jerk chicken cheese steak, with a side of sweet potato fries.
I wish the girl on the phone had told me ny sandwich came with fries, had she done that, I wouldn't have end up with fries with my sandwich, and a side of the sweet potato fries.
Service was quick. They had my favorite soda, pineapple ginger. My order total came to about 20 dollars which is a bit steep for just one person.
My sandwich was good, I would order it again.
I would come back, but I'd try something different.Amazing food! We had the Rasta Pasta and the traditional Jerk Chicken. Did I say amazing??