I can't recall the day I went but it was a memorial resturant experience.  I was greeted by an incredibly nice cashier. After a hard decision I ordered a Devils delight and the girl giggled ( of course I was confused) She explained it was Dev's Delight and named after her because it was her idea for a burger and me calling it Devils delight was a bit funny because her friends call her Devil Dev ( hard to believe such a nice girl could aquire such a nickname but cute). After she took my thorough of a medium burger, and truffle fires i didn't have to wait very long. Even before I ate the burger the smell it self had my mouth watering.  The burger was cooked to perfection and what was on the burger was amazing!  This burger was a standard beef foundation with mozzarella cheese tomato basil and a portobello mushroom, what great idea for a burger! For a mushroom lover this with a side of the delicious truffle fries is perfect. Excellent quality and service,  a bit expensive but worth every penny. No question about it I will be a return customer!Spot on!
I got "the veg" and the spicy fries.  "The veg" is a portabella burger, with grilled mozzarella, picked veg, arugula, and gauc.  Wholly non-cow is this thing spectacular for a bella burger!  The bella is on bottom, then the mozzarella is directly fused on top of that.  I actually thought the cheese was halloumi at first because it wasn't super melted (a good thing). The gauc and pickled veg are slightly citrusy and vinegary, but are contrasted by the bitterness of the arugula.  There's a nice bun to contents ratio, and for bonus points it's a potato bun.
Wasn't sure what to expect with the spicy fries going in - are they hot sauce fries, etc?  Turns out they are of the crab-fries variety with some subtle other spices added in.  Nice portion - not too big.
The atmosphere kind of reminds me of a dive bar - I think that's the best way to describe it.  It's pretty small, so I wouldn't choose to ever eat in most likely.Despite being a spin-off at the burgers from Rouge, I actually think that the burgers here are, dare I say it, better then flagship restaurants.
Over the last year they keep expanding their burger and toppings options by editing the little placard next to the registers, instead of changing their giant menuboard every time  they decide to add a new cheese or vegetable you can put on the burger.
I've been here a few times, trying the 500 (lettuce, bacon, cheddar, special sauce) delicious, and also making my own combos with their Kobe Beef burger (I think its worth the extra few bucks). I like it with truffle cheese and grilled onions. The brioche bun also really makes these burgers something special.
Their fries are also extremely delicious. As a huge fan of truffle oil, I can never resist getting their truffle oil fries. When they come warm out of the fryer, coated in truffle oil, there is just no better taste known to man.
Most important of all, they are open late on weekends.It was first time visiting. and I didn't know what or how should I order my burger. but the cashier  didn't help me at all. She was so unkind and rude. I will never come back here again!!Found myself here after last call. It was super crowded, but the staff was great and the food hit the spot. My burger was a little rarer than medium rare, but I was into it. Fries were good. Crowd was annoying, drunk and rude but the cook was CUTE, so no complaints!I almost always get Combo 5, with the juicy delicious 500 burger, truffle fries, and refreshing birch beer.
Love the truffle fries.  
I used to get food here at least once every two weeks, but the prices have gone up, especially for the fries. It's amazing how a $2 increase can change my eating pattern.
It's still one of the better burger places in Center City with a relatively reasonable price. If you haven't tried 500 Degrees yet, you should... before the price goes up again.Ordered a Kobe burger with wild boar bacon and cheddar. The burger was good but not cooked correctly. I ordered the burger rare but it was raw. It could have used another 3 minutes on the grill. 
The truffle fries were very well flavored with truffle oil but were a little soggy/under cooked. 
The place was very busy and they got the food out quickly but I would have waited another 5 minutes to correct the problems above. 
Also, the floor was wet and very slippery. Walk with caution. Since it was the end of the night the place was a little dirty. The tables and floor could have been wiped down.I LOVE coming here after work. It's honestly the only burger place I approve of thats in the city. Its way better and way bigger burgers than shake shack. I absolutely recommend the up side burger it's definitely worth the money and if you have spare change absolutely get original fries and a fountain soda. They have berch beer !!!  and orange cream !!For a casual burger place, 500 degrees delivers on taste, quality, service and speed. You can get a 5 star burger in a 3 star amount of time. It's so impressive.
Their selection is truly outstanding. You have your choice of patties, cheeses, toppings and condiments to build whatever burger your heart desires. I believe there are some suggestions as well if you're not feeling particularly creative that day. 
The last time we were there, my boyfriend got the Kobe beef burger, thick cut applewood smoked bacon, a fried egg and Vermont cheddar cheese. He was knocked to the floor, and has been telling everyone about it ever since. I got a simple beef patty with cheese and BBQ sauce. Maybe I need to be a bit more adventurous next time! Nonetheless, I still loved my burger.
Another great thing about 500 Degrees is the option to get your fries with truffle oil. It's just a little extra flavor added to already spectacular crispy French fries. 
I've always had stellar service here. I loved joking around with the woman who served us last time about coming through hell and high water for an as yet undetermined burger since we had come in out of a torrential downpour and it took me 10 minutes to decide what I wanted off of the menu. I blame it on the rain brain.
My only gripe about 500 Degrees is that it can get a little pricey. For burgers, fries and drinks for 2, we paid about $28. That included one Kobe beef patty, but even without it, you're going to pay a sit-down price for what is really a take-out burger. The quality justifies this in many ways, so we'll definitely be back. Save your pennies and splurge!I ordered a turkey burger twice from here! And twice it was raw in the inside! And the messed up my order of fries every time I'm there.I used to think this place was amazing. During office hours the place is fantastic but grabbing food during a night out? Don't even do it . All the workers assume every patron who comes at night is a drunk. So asking simple questions is automatically a reason to yell and refuse service. Customer Service is absolutely horrible. I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN. there patties have shrunk and price has remained the same. This place has definitely taken a dive from what it used to be.Yum. I love everything about these burgers...except the price. They aren't horribly expensive but they are expensive enough for me to only go if I absolutely cannot settle for anything else for lunch. I also hate how they charge $0.5 - $1.00 for every extra topping you want on it. An extra dollar for tomato and lettuce, seriously?
But they are really great burgers and the fries and milkshakes are amazing. The buns are delicious and they cook their juicy patties exactly how you want it.
The other thing I dislike is the noise level. It is really hard to hear when they call your order.
But I still come here for lunch simply because it is delicious.The food - fantastic. Can't knock their burgers or fries, the topping selection, the taste or quality. Everything else? I've stopped going here. The people who work there are rude, indifferent, and sullen. I've had experienced where I've waited several minutes at the register for the cashiers to stop texting or checking Facebook before they ask me for my order. It takes forever to make your food. The quantity does not match the price (I swear every order of fries gets smaller and smaller). With the hundreds of other places, dozens of them within blocks of here, to get an equally, or arguably better, burger for less, faster, and with better service, the only reason to eat here is if you have no other options.I have yet to be disappointed by the food here.  I've been back a few times, good burger, fries, milk shake.  The inconsistency happens when getting my order.  I'd bump it up a star if I actually got what I ordered, but the last two times that didn't happen.Burgers are the true ambassadors of all things USA. They are the first thing I mention when I am asked about what I find great about this country, and I insist that they are better here than anywhere else. A good foodie city must also have good burgers, and Philadelphia does not disappoint.
We came to 500 Degrees because it is close to the Kimmel Center (Rattle was pretty awesome tonight) and because it is a place that pops up when asked about burgers in Philly. Besides, Bobby's Burger Palace was disappointing lately so we were craving for something new.
500 Degrees is surprisingly lowly ranked on Yelp, but similar to Bobby's Burger Palace I have the impression that it's actually due to its popularity. BBP has weaknesses - inconsistent burgers, occasionally horrible service and unpleasant atmosphere when it's packed. 500 Degrees also has its fair share of weaknesses. I thought their sauces was rather bad (especially the ketchup!) and while I appreciate their open kitchen, I didn't really want to see how their fries are taken out of the freezer instead of being freshly cut. On the other hand, their burger totally makes up for it. We got a "500" and a classic with guacamole, both medium rare, along with truffle fries and sweet potato fries. The burgers were cooked exactly the way we would have expected "medium rare" to be, they were juicy and both their cheddar and provolone went well with the burger. I should also mention that I especially liked the slight sweetness of the buns.
Despite being taken out of the freezer, the truffle fries are actually well-made because they spray truffle oil at the end, keeping the fries nicely crispy. Finally, the sweet potato fries were delicious but not overwhelming.
With 12.50 for a burger, truffle fries and a fountain drink, I thought the prices were pretty good. Cheaper than Bobby's Burger Palace at least. All in all, this is a place I would enjoy to come back to, because their burgers and the big choices of toppings come at a good price.Great burger spot!
My first order was their sunny side up burger with an egg and applewood bacon. I was hooked. From that point, I have tried most of their menu of burgers and made a few of my own. Its is a lot of fun to go their after a night of partying and challenge your friends to an old-fashion game of burger builder.I had a cheeseburger and fries. The burger wasn't seasoned and the fries were sooo salty. Wont be going back definitely have had better burgers elsewhere like Axis pizza in uni city.Amidst a long, exciting day of shopping, my friend and I worked up quite an appetite, so at her suggestion, we headed over to 500 Degrees.  She had been there a number of times before and had great things to say about their food, and since I'm always up for trying new places (more recently independent burger joints), I happily obliged.  I settled on a cheeseburger combo with sweet potato fries and was on the fence about getting a milkshake, but opted for a lemonade instead (which hit the spot just as well).  The burger was incredible, as were the fries; not too greasy, very flavorful, and cooked just right!  I will stop in again, and next time I will get a milkshake!I've gone here a few times and tried the regular and Kobe beef burgers. I would say it's better than five guys or Shake Shack in terms of meat quality, plus they have some interesting sauces....if they actually give them to you.
If you customize your own burger make sure you check that you got the toppings and sauce you wanted, A couple of times I came home with my burger only to find that I was missing those key ingredients that make the burger. At which point I was too lazy to put my pants back on and go outside, leaving me no choice but to begrudgingly eat said burger sauceless. 
I've gotten a different person every time I ordered, one thing they did have in common is that they had no idea what any of their own sauces or toppings were. If the staff had a little training and cared about getting your order right this place would be great. As it is, I think I'll save myself a dollar or two and go somewhere else for a quick bite.Awful awful awful. The chef got in a fight with a patron and we waited 45 min and still didn't get food. The chef literally threw a tomato at a patron that he was in an argument with over his bulls hat. The bathroom had urine on the floor. This place isn't even sanitary and should be closed! Wish I could give it 0 starsI absolutely LOVE the food here (their speciality fries are all amazing!) But, you should expect to be waiting at Least 35-40 minutes if their busy. Having only two cooks, one grill, and tons of orders is a recipe for irritable customers and not a great place to stop on your lunch break in the city due to that.I was somewhat disappointed by the burgers at 500 Degrees, not the taste but the size. The burger was exceptionally small and I would have had to eaten two to be 'full'. 
I did have a chance to sample the truffle fries which were pretty solid but overall for the price of the food it was not worth the trip.After eating here a few more times, it certainly deserves better than the original "meh" I gave it.  I'll go with 4 stars, as the burgers are indeed pretty good, and the place continues to be clean, friendly, and rarely crowded.The burger and fries were amazing! I had the 'turbo' with the spicy fries and would recommend it to others as well. The service was decent enough and didn't have to wait long whatsoever. I've noticed that others have had problems with the service looking at the reviews, but the guys who helped us got our orders correct and were helpful.I'll give it a 3.5  but I rounded up because it wasn't a bad experience, service was good and fast.
The burger was good but not great, maybe a little bit too salty . I wish it was a little more pink for a medium-rare that I ordered. I liked the truffle fries, but it was nothing special. The hamburger bun is pretty good I thought. They have a pretty nice selection of fountain drinks... but that's really not that important ha. When compared to Five Guys.. I would say this is way better and less messy, but a little bit more expensive for how small the burger is. I would still take a burger from Village Whiskey any day and pay the extra premium.Went about 30 minutes before their closing time, & it was fairly empty. Ordered 2 #5's (500 burgers & fries & drink) got 1 spicy & 1 non spicy fries, a black/white milkshake & a strawberry milkshake. The milkshakes were so tasty. Made with local Bassett's  ice cream, they hit the spot immediately. 
Had asked for the burgers to be cooked medium, ended up with an almost well done burger. The burger wasn't dry at all, sauce was good but not anything special. The burger looked pretty small, but it ended up being very filling. Fries were okay. The spicy fries tasted like Herr's hot chips. Food was better than expected, but on the pricier side for burgers. $27 for 2 burgers, fries & milkshakes. 
In all it was a good experience, pretty solid burger place. Good for a quick bite.I survived opening day at 500 Degrees and came out very satisfied with our new addition to 15th and Sansom.
Burgers - 5.5oz burger on a tall brioche bun made to order (medium rare was juicy and delicious!)  It's not as good as the burger at Village Whiskey but it's about as good as the aged beef burger at Marathon Grill.  I was concerned about the size but between that and the plain fries (these truffle fries were overrated) I was wiping the plate and feeling great.
Goodbye Five Guys, Hello 500 Degrees.Meh. The truffle fries were on point.
I ordered the 500 burger. The sauce, I wasn't a big fan of. It was overly salty. I ordered the burger medium rare, and it came out medium well. Maybe they mixed it up with my friend who ordered the medium and his was kind of pink. Either way, it was dry and the sauce kind of sucked. The bread was good. The iced tea was good. The burger left me meh, especially for a $7 burger.Two words - Truffle....fries! They are really good! A pile of skinny fries spritzed with truffle oil and salt equals awesomeness. I also enjoy their sauces. I would like to end my review there, but I guess I should write more. With the order of fries, you do get a good amount to share with friends. The basket of fries are about $4. They are also open late on weekends after the bars close. I have not yet had a burger, but my friends have had their milkshakes and they come highly recommended.Delicious burgers and truffle fries, and they have a neat soda selection. Reasonable price. I usually spend about $12. Burger lovers should definitely try this place.UPDATE - I am giving them a star back because it appears the owner keeps up with yelp comments and genuinely cares about reviews and customer satisfaction. This has impressed me enough to go back for another try (plus a craving for truffle fries that will not go away), hopefully, after my next visit i will be able to bump it up another star or two.  500, I will see you soon. Fellow yelpers, I will keep you posted.This place is good, it's not great. Service is fast, efficient and friendly for sure but the overall experience is lacking....something but I can't place it. I ordered a cheeseburger med-rare with truffle fries and a black & white milkshake. Since all of these combined is pretty much my favorite thing I ever I was more than willing to hand over the $12 for the opportunity. Okay, now the food:
1) The burger. It's not like the burger isn't good, because it is. It's just not...I find myself saying "Five Guys". I admit I don't have the most refined of palettes so take that with a grain of salt. It came out more medium than medium rare and it's somewhat small. I can tell that it's quality meat but I like my burgers juicy and this one just isn't quite. The bun is also a huge factor for me in a burger and I just don't like this style. (Id dock Good Dog for the same reason. Love the meat but the bun just doesn't cut it for me). 
2) The truffle fries. Omfg. The best part of the meal. The fries are amazing. I'd probably just pop in and buy them on their own. And at this price I don't see myself ordering truffle fries from any other establishment ever again.
3) The milkshake. Boy do I love me a Black & White. This one was just too chocolate-y for my liking. It tasted much more like just a regular chocolate milkshake which in and of itself isn't such a bad thing except for when what you really want is the holy, blended harmony of rich heavy chocolate and light as air and sweet as pie vanilla. 
All in all, the proximity to my workplace and the fact that it is, well, actually good belies that there will surely be more 500 Degrees in my future. I might tweak a few things like ordering the burger rare and can you get extra cheese? ;) I wouldn't be surprised to see this spot updated even before the next work week is out.This place seems to have worked out most of the kinks that plagued their opening, such as closing in the middle of lunch prime time because they ran out of meat.  Now, months later, I finally made another visit due to an extreme burger craving.  The burger definitely hit the spot, but the experience was almost ruined by the fries.  Not sure why I'm reading so many rave reviews for the truffle fries because mine were so greasy and salty that I needed my milkshake constantly.  I still ate the fries, mind you, but I feel I may regret it later.  I was trying to give them their due because of the rave about them and I'd never had truffle fries before, but the salt and oil made it too hard to distinguish any significant difference from regular fries.  I think the shake could've used a bit more strawberry also, because it often tasted plain with just hints of strawberry, although that may have been the result of the salty-ass fries.  Oh, and $12.50 plus tax for a cheddar cheeseburger, truffle fries and a shake?  I dunno... it's really just a step above typical fast food, maybe two steps actually, so the price is about right for the location.   While I'm not an aficionado, I do get the occasional craving and have had my share of good burgers.  I didn't expect it to be as pink as it was inside when I ordered medium but it was juicy and tasty.  I may go back to give them another chance to get the fries right, but the burger was on point.  The portions were just right too.  Just the right amount of fries, over a quarter pound of meat and a good size shake (maybe 16oz?).  If you don't get the combo, the burger alone might be a bit underwhelming at glance but I think American portions are too big anyways generally.  I'm 6 feet tall, 190lbs and I was full after the combo, without getting the "itis."
Bottom line:  a decent burger joint.Let me start off by saying I am not a burger aficionado nor to I pretend to be by any means.  I received an email from Thrillist announcing FREE burgers on 500 Degrees' opening day....it's a couple of doors down from the dance studio...I need to eat before class so let me give it a whirl!
There was no line when I arrived.  I liked the setup of communal tables and for those of you afraid to share a meal with a stranger you can grab a stool at a counter facing a wall.  After already researching the spot before I stepped in the door I knew I wanted a Combo 5 (500 Burger Medium Well - Truffle Fries - Diet Coke).  The burger was smaller than I thought it would be but it was a perfect size for me.  The brioche was a bit dry and not really flavorful and I ended up taking the top part off (too much bread).  The patty was juicy with just the right amount of pink.  Alas, I couldn't taste any of the house sauce on the burger and it was quite bland.  
The Truffle Fries...well that's another story....it was an orgasmic delight to my tongue!  I've never tasted ANYTHING like this before!  I was literally licking my fingers!  Just the right amount of salt and the dipping sauces (mayo based) were good....but just interfered with the essence of truffle slathered on the fries.  Next time, I'd skip the dipping sauces (which were included in my order).
The other thing that impressed me (besides the fries) was the employee they had cleaning cleaning CLEANING!  That's all she did was wipe down the tables and she was QUICK - picking up dropped napkins (people can be SO rude) - checking the bathroom after each customer to give a quick wipe down etc.  She was phenomenal!  
I can see this joint being a hot spot for the Boozed Up At Two AM Need A Place To Grub Crowd.  The burgers will taste delummy after a night of drinking.  I would return for the fries and did recommend that everyone I know go just for the fries!Just ate a burger from there about 15 minutes ago. Had the 500 burger, ordered it medium. Got home and was about to take a bite and I look at the patty and the thing is pretty much raw. Now I can understand it being a bit undercooked but this thing was no where near medium. Very disappointing. Had to cook it up and dirty a pan at home. Didn't taste any seasonings. 
Had the truffle fries as well. While the flavor was great but there was nothing but beat up fries in my bag. boooooo.
I'll prob go back and give them one more shot but the first impression is not very good.These burgers were great - juicy and flavorful! My only major complaint was the amount of grilled onions and mushrooms I got - the smallest portion I've ever gotten/seen on a burger. I could barely taste them! The truffle fries were nothing special...I wouldn't get them again. But the prices are reasonable, the employees are nice and friendly, and the quality of the burgers is good.Checked out this place after seeing a post on uwishunu.com
Went with the 500 burger (lettuce, tomato, cheddar, bacon & special house sauce), truffle fries and a vanilla milkshake. I was starving by the time I'd gotten out of that line, almost a hour wait due to promos they were running with it being grand opening day and all, so I tasted a few of the fries as I walked back to the office, soooooo good! Wish I knew what the plain tasted like to compare not sure if I'm just in love with the truffle oil or if the fries as a whole are just that good either way the prices remain the same rather plain spicy or truffle. 
Then get back to my office and took a bite of the 500, it has bacon, real bacon on it!! Crispy salty in the right places chewy in the right places bacon. I don't know why but I have a hard time buying a good burger sandwich etc that has bacon on it and actually liking it so I was pleased. My burger was well done, and well seasoned, all around good burger. They did give me the wrong cheese however that may have been due to some order confusion so I let that slide and was still good. 
Lastly and my only real complaint is the milkshake. Very Very good no complaints there, the girl who made it however only filled my cup halfway and when I showed it to her, asking why it wasn't filled up she said because they don't have their correct cups yet so that is the actual serving. It looked like a serving for a kids meal so didn't sit right with me. Wasn't satisfied with that but walked away because I was hungry and needed to eat my food but saw that the guy in front of me was eating in and also ordered a milkshake so I asked to see his and there was a very small bit of space left at the very top, went back to let milkshake girl know this and asked the young lady next to me, also with a milkshake to be my witness LOL. She took my cup and put more in and don't think she was too happy about it but I got my reasonably portioned milkshake and it was goooood. And trust me I'm not that knit picky but  for money at that portion wasn't flying with me. Oh also with the milkshake it was more soupy than thick. I didn't mind that about it those that like shakes you need a spoon to actually eat not drink may not feel the same. 
They still get 5 stars from me for now because in the hustle of taking care of so many people, she may not have gotten a good look at my portion and she made up for it. AND they've filled a major burger void I'd been having so they're my new best friends right about now.Really quite good for the price. Get the Truffle fries and don't be afraid to order it rare if that's what you like (some of the other reviews make it seem a little scary to do so).OPEN TIL 3 AM for those late night hunger crawls! BUT be willing to throw some bows because this small little fast food joint is PACKED in the wee hours of the night
it's an extra $2 for specialty fries
---garlic parmesan: SKIP so soggy after being tossed in olive oil & cheese..gross
---truffle fries: nice & crispy, the winner of the night!
you can choose your sauces for dipping the fries.. i liked the spicy fry sauce much more than the white "house" sauce.. i think those are the 2 most popular ones
i wouldn't go out of my way to try 500 degrees in phili but IF you're craving fries after a night at the bars, might as wellExcellent Burgers - High Quality Beef, Cheese, and Buns.  Fries are tasty as well.Really really great! I had a cheeseburger and my brother had the 500 burger both were spectacular.They are very filling despite looking smaller and the quality beats all other burger joints. It wa 20 bucks for two of us to eat, yes its more than wendys but still on par with 5guys.They have milkshakes too! GO!So, being a employee at a burger joint, I wanted to try 500 degrees. I've been hearing rave reviews about their burgers and food. Going in for the first time, I was amazed by the many options the menu held. I went in for a Bacon cheeseburger, with jalapenos. I was greeted by a not so friendly cashier, who seemed to also be the manger. Being my first time I thought he would have helped me understand their system of ordering better, but he was sarcastic and rude. 
Other than the lack of hospitality, I will say the food was okay. The fries, banana shake and the cola w/ cane sugar was AMAZING. The burger on the other hand was very dry, and lacked any type of flavor that I would expect from a burger. First looking at it, I thought it might be a great homemade burger, but boy was I wrong. 
Overall: Don't expect amazing hospitality from them, if you do order a burger, make sure you add some type of sauce. Everything else was pretty good, and I like that they have plenty of options to choose from. 
I'm giving 500 degree 2 stars, just for the lack of hospitality and acknowledging the fact that I was a 1st time guest. Also, for the dryness of the burger, the main attraction of a burger joint.My husband LOVES a good burger.  I could be a girl and get a salad and be "so full."   
We opened our wrappers after a quick moment at the register.  A little smaller than expected.  Then, Hubby bit into his 500 burger and said, "Oh, wow!"   I bit into mine and thought, this is just great.  I really liked the eggy, brioche bun (sign says they bake 2x's a day).   The grill guys are hand forming the burger balls while we eat.  Nothing frozen here.
The original Rouge burger is now something like $15 and you have to deal with the bizarre crowd who hangs there (It used to be $9 and a great deal).  So, I would definitely take the 500 burger any day.
So, where does this range: Mojo burger, Village Whiskey, In and Out, Ted's Montana, The Breslin....  Pretty high up there.If I'm going to pay $9 for a burger, it better be good.  My last venture to 500 was a waste of my money.  I got the Turbo burger because I love spice and pickled jalapenos. The fries were great- crispy with the nice earthy tang of truffle- but the burger was seriously disappointing.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out well done and the cheese wasn't even melted. The person who rung me up was sullen and gruff. I had to ask twice to get my cup for water. Really the only good part was the fries. I won't be back.I'm a fan. They offer some nice designer burgers as well as a build your own option, and of course a variety of toppings and sides like fries. You can go for a plain burger or prime organic grassfed beef. You place your order at the counter and then they call your name when it's ready. 
I chose a buffalo blue burger off their specialty menu. You're asked how you want your burger cooked, which usually makes me nervous. If an establishment asks for temp preference, they had better nail it. Lucky for me, my burger came out perfectly medium and my fellow diners were also pleased with their orders. 
The first thing that impressed me about the burger was the SLAB of blue cheese sitting atop the sizeable, mouthwatering patty and the nice drizzle of buffalo sauce encompassing everything. No blue cheese crumbles here - this cheese chunk was like a deck of cards in size! No complaints from me about this burger!
I snuck a few fries from my friends - truffle fries were nice and light and crispy. Sweet potato fries were also good. 
The only downside of this place is the cluttered and small seating area. We went during lunch rush on a Friday so this is to be expected in any center city spots, but the large wooden high tops and stools were laid out in a really inefficient patten. It was like a game of Jenga to try to work yourself into a seat (which luckily we found). 
Burgers are around $9. Price with a drink and fries was about $15.
Verdict: I would definitely return.i love this place. spicy fries are a plus. there burgers are so amazing. nothing better then a good old fashion joint.Absolutely delicious. The burgers are top notch and the truffle fries are stellar.My coworkers and I were on our way to Five Guys at lunch when we remembered that this place had just opened, so we rerouted and queued up in its slightly out the door line. The line around 12:15 was considerable, it probably took 15 to 20 minutes before we exited with our food (to go). So how was it? My experience was slightly tainted by an order mixup... when I got back to my office I found that although I ordered The 500 burger, I was missing lettuce and tomato. The bacon, however present, was pretty chewy; I'd prefer it much crispier. The burger itself was cooked to order and the combination of burger, brioche, roll, and cheddar really came together nicely. I inhaled it. I also accompanied this small wonder with the truffle fries. They were delicious, the truffle taste came through in every bite, but they were incredibly salty. For the rest of the day I staggered back and forth to the water cooler to quench my thirst, like a man walking through a desert that also has a water cooler in it. This place has some potential and I'd definitely try it again, but I'm not sure if I'd eat here any more than once a month. For those looking for a miniature version of the fabled Rouge burger, there is one distinction: The Rouge burger is topped with divine gruyère cheese while the 500 burger is only available with swiss, provolone, cheddar, or American. Other than that, the burger is pretty much the same, except about 1/4 the size or less. Brioche buns are key!500 Degrees is my favorite place to get a burger, still. Burgers are cooked to order and the menu continues to grow with ingredients to top. You can add a variety of different cheeses (regular or gourmet) and sauces, two types of bacon, or even an egg fried to your liking. The fries are greatly improved since I first went. Plenty crispier. There's truffle and new (for me at least) garlic parm fries. Drinks are refillable with flavors like cherry soda and sweetened black tea.Oh, your food is good, but not great enough to get a receipt thrown in my face.
I normally come during lunch when I'm at work and service is fantastic, but this time, I wanted to bring my husband to try the burgers and came at night. I was so excited, but then it turned into a disaster.
I ordered the Turbo burger again for the husband and I to split along with some fries. Paid with LevelUp and then she gave me the receipt. Upon looking at the receipt, I noticed that she charged me for a burger that doesn't even exist. Even the cooks questioned it. She was like "oh, i charged you the wrong burger" and prepared the refund process of the overpayment. She only gives me a receipt with no money back! I asked her where's the refund. She stated it was going to go back on levelup. WRONG! I have paid with levelup tons of times to know that your computer system and levelup are not connected to one another. Whatever you ring up on the computer, you must also do on the payment syetem. She stood there arguing with me then took money out of her drawer and the receipt I gave back to her and threw it in our faces and yelled saying now her drawer is going to be short. I requested for the manager and she stated she was the manager. Husband was furious that he said to cancel the whole order and refund our money. Again, refused to give money back for it, but then eventually did.
BTW...I still have not received a credit back on levelup! I'm still charged!!!! If I do receive the credit, I'll be more than happy to go back and give cash back to her.
Service is a big part in my dining out (esp bc I've been a server before I started my career for over 7 years), so this one really took the cake. Ugh! She needs retraining...After a friend told me how great this place was and I went to Sketch in fishtown I decided to stop here for dinner to compare which burger place is better and I definitely say sketch is way better. Came on a weeknight and wax a bit crowded. Order a burger and truffle fries. I order lettuce and tomato on my burger and they forget to give me that. I ordered with the rest of my friends and they were 1/2 way done before my burger came. Then my fries were burnt. I had to request for them to remake me a order as they became extra crunchy which I don't really care for. The second batch they gave me was definitely better but I don't see what's the hype all about.Uh-huhhhh. That is good stuff.  The staff is also really GREAT, and someone has exceedingly good taste in music...other than mi mi mi mi.  
Burgers: consistently delicious
Fries: Zing
Soda: really? Pa Dutch Birch and Cherry soda.
Milkshake: great ingredients, but could use some thickening.  I LOVE vanilla milkshakes
Prices: a little steep
Thank you, that is all.
P.s....a little selective liquor might be a nice addition. Maybe three beers a season or something.I ordered the turbo medium and it was the best burger I had ever had in a while. it was juicy and the jalapeños gave it a good kick. I had sweet potato fries and it they were a great compliment. seating was nice and the tables were very clean. would go back in a heart beat. try them if you're into burgers and want to be happyi lurve the truffle fries.
the burger itself was moist (probably because i asked them to cook it medium rare).  although it was big, i couldn't stop eating it.  it was delicious...i don't remember exactly the experience because my mind was in heaven mode.
must try if you're around philly.Burger & Shake was amazing.  The burger was pretty huge - I got a cheeseburger which was delicious but I could barely finish it.  The place is pretty small and gets packed on the weekends so you may want to get your order to-go!BANGIN'. Only reason for 4 stars is because it was hotter than hell and the floor was crazy wet. The burger was retardedly good.This place is generally hit or miss. When it's on it's game, it's awesome, but when it's a miss it's all kinds of frustrating.
A big part of the quality is how many people are staffed and who is cooking the burgers. When there's more than one person behind the counter the service is generally prompt and at least courteous, and when the cook makes your burger the way you want it the food is spot on. Their fries are always amazing, especially the Truffle Fries.
Things get problematic when there's only one person there to do register and cook, or when your burger comes out overdone. I've gone in several times to find no one behind the counter and had to wait for several minutes before someone emerged from the back to take my order and make my food. Once the guy who came out was on his phone, and continued his conversation while ringing me out and then cooking my burger. 
Additionally, the burgers are overdone one out of every three times. They have very specific descriptions of what you'll get when you order your burger a specific way but they don't seem to adhere to that particularly well. I always order rare and I'm not always happy with what I get from the grill.
Overall I like this place and I'll keep going back, but they need to step up their game.First experience, WOW the truffle burger and truffle fries, rule! Truffle overload! Second experience, this place is good, I enjoy all the options. The wait is a little long when busy but that's normal. 
Latest review: NEVER COMING BACK. The cashier is an unfriendly and very unsympathetic when he NEVER rang up our order and we waited over 20 minutes watching as the 3 people who ordered AFTER us received their burgers. No refund, no freebies, just a simple "sorry for the wait" and that was it. 
The place could benefit from better customer service if you're going to screw up. The burger is nothing to brag about when you still have Shake Shack and other restaurants who could build a burger and still treat you like a paying customer.I stopped in here while strolling in Center City. Hungry, but not sure what I was craving, the sleek decor and attractive menu board drew me in off Sansom.
After a quick deliberation, I settled on a cheeseburger combo. Never have I ever been given so many options after ordering- how would I like the burger don? What kind of cheese? What kind of fries? All the customization was worth it, though. My burger was cooked to a perfect medium and topped with delicious mushrooms.
The burger cook was really nice, too, and offered me a few different sauces on the side. One of which was a fry sauce, which was solid. The worcestershire-based "500 Degrees sauce" was excellent, though. It went great with the fries, of which they gave me a very generous portion. I'll be back next time I'm jonesing for a burger in Center City.If I was in Los Angeles and I got the equivalent to a 500 degree burger, truffle fries, and a soda (all made by local distributors) it would have cost me at least 20 bucks. This place is great, open late, and pure quality. The patties are succulent and they have a pretty wide variety of specialty burgers; kim chee burgers, bacon infused patty burger, and many more. Definitely going to make this one of my go to spots in PhillyWant a fast food greasy burger? This is the place. It's definitely on the pricer side of gourmet fast food. But there's speciality burgers and they got those skinny cut truffle fries. Burgers are made to order. Also got the banana milkshake and it was good. None of that gross artificial banana flavor. Go here if you're hungry. Next to Rumor. Yay.Are you serious the burgers are the size of a half dollar .Come on give people what they pay for .i wont even waste any more time writing .Today was opening day and after a panicky scramble to find myself a partner in crime to share my buy one get one free burger deal & after waiting 45min in the rain next to a pair of cigar smoking self-proclaimed "thugz" who found it appropriate to yell at every passerby on the street with some sort of derogatory expletive...
I finally was rewarded with the deliciously greasy but gourmet 500 burger experience!
I got the 500 burger and I was not disappointed. It's a sexy looking burger - a little tall, plump with promise & bright with color.  While it looks small it is thick and dense. The meat is juicy and flavorful (aka there was a fair amount of grease/juice running out of each my bites). It comes on a brioche bun which was a bit dry... 
The 500 also comes with bacon and well you can't really go wrong with bacon ... ;) 
The special sauce was decent but nothing special. I would have liked to see some hot sauce offerings. 
Three types of fries - plain, spicy and truffle... Say No More! Truffle fries?! Yes please. 
They have milkshakes which I did not get to try but it's made with Bassett's so... again can't really go that wrong.... 
It's a small space with a few benches and bar stools to eat at. You go up to the counter, place your order and when your number gets called you pick up your goodies and chow! 
I hear this place is going to be operating some late night kitchen hours to rescue us from the late night, drunk munchies... But this is a rumor yet to be confirmed!
All in all, good burger and worth the wait. I'll be back soon... tomorrow I think...Consistently amazing burgers. Their fries are incredible too. I highly recommend all of their burgers (even the basic 500 burger is delicious) and getting a side of the truffle fries. I usually order my burger medium rare and it's always nice an juicy. I have always wanted to try their milkshakes but haven't had a chance yet. 
Personally, this is my absolute favorite place to come slightly buzzed after hitting up a few bars. I crave 500 degrees and when I do, nothing else will do.Wow, this is crazy, indulgent, greasy, hangover-approved food. I think I got the Humpty Dumpty burger, which was literally loaded with everything and anything, including a drippy egg on top. It was good, but the simple burger with lettuce and tomato that my boyfriend had was nothing special. It was especially disappointing because of the pretty penny he paid for it. 
In conclusion, it seems like the "special" burgers are the way to go to get a good deal at 500 degrees. I wouldn't even bother with the fries since they are around $4 each and super overseasoned, IMO.Good for a quick bite that will fill you up.  I knocked off a star because it's very pricey for burgers and fries but it's so tasty that I'll definitely be going back at some point.   The atmosphere here is industrial but clean and bright, but there's not a ton of room so I'd avoid coming with a huge group for the best experience.  House sauce was really good, my only complaint about the burger was that the bun fell apart really easily.  Staff was nice, too.When I went to get a burger I was starving. Looked at reviews and figured I could not go wrong. Too bad that was not the case, I got in and waited 5 min to order because there was no one at the register. Once I ordered I had to wait 10 min for a burger and fries. Overall, the truffle burger was way over done and dry, way too done for a medium burger which had no pink. The fries were greasy and did not have any flavor. I have had some great food in Philly, this was not one of them.I have to say this is one of my favorite burger joints in Philly. I have watched this place grow so much from the day of it's conception. The menu has expanded over time, which is great and the burgers have gotten larger since they opened at first they were almost sliders lol. There are two reasons why this place did not get 5 stars from me: #1 they do not handle crowds well at ALL! BE WARNED if you think you are going to enter after the clubs let out prepare to WAIT and wait you will. Also since they have a large crowd of mostly drunken patrons at that time ordering your burger temp is in vein it will come well done. #2 I am a snob when it come to my burger being served to me just how I like it which is MEDIUM!! So if you  get your burger to go  YOU BETTER CHECK IT BEFORE YOU LEAVE or when you get home it well be well done cause some of the cooks don't give a flying F*%K if they see it's to go.
TIP: Go for the Humpty Burger!!Wasn't good today. We came In and the place reeked like someone just smoked weed. Homeless people looking for food and bothering, even checking the trash can. This place hasn't been busy lately, the owner should wonder what their employees are doing and why it's not busy vStaff - incredibly rude, the day we went it seemed the lady taking our order was getting into it with the cook & she wasn't all that interested in taking anyone's order.  She was rude & unfriendly, very crass in her tone as well.  
Wait time - yeah I understand they cook your burger while you wait, it seemed that on a pretty busy night they didn't have proper staff.
Food - the food was good, burger quite greasy, if that's for you then you'll enjoy.  Me? Not so much
Building - At times while we were sitting down eating, we smelled something that smelled similar to propane gas fumes, it was enough to give us a headache & make us a little nauseous so we kept opening the door hoping that the smell would escape.  That my friends, makes it a bit difficult to really enjoy your dinner. 
Overall I was disappointed, I had been told that their fries were AWESOME; highly disappointed I was & the fact that the service sucked has pretty much turned me away from visiting 500 Degrees again.Love this place.  One of the few burger joints that actually has a turkey option.  All of their burgers appear to be freshly made and they have tons of addin options.  There is a standard menu to choose from and they also have "specials" which include a veggie option 
I usually get the 500 with turkey and an order of truffle fries, delicious! The buns are pretty standard buttered buns.  Nothing special, nothing to write home about.  The toppings are fresh and very tasty! The meat of the taste comes from... well the meat.  I've never done the beef patty but the turkey is very moist and not dry like it usually can be.  Haven't tried their milkshakes but that is next on the list!This place is often cited as having one of the best burgers in Philadelphia and while their burger is certainly good I've had better at a few other places. That being said it is a high quality burger. The real star for me is their truffle fries which are sprayed with some kind of magic crack sauce that make it impossible to stop eating. Also they serve up a great shake. I went twice. Once was during midday and they were not very busy and the burger was great. The second time I went was after the bars closed and they were crowded. The second time the burger wasn't as good as when they had time to put attention into it. But no doubt it's the best burger you're going to get after 2am in PhillyOverall an excellent burger place. 
I first visited this place over the summer on the recommendation from a friend and returned today before going to a concert. Both times were just plain amazing!
The environment is pretty informal, and I would recommend this place as a casual get-together-with-friends restaurant, certainly not for a date.
There is pretty limited seating, with room for a grand total of about 25-30 people max (and that's after sharing the 2-3 large tables in the middle with 5-6 other people!)
Environment: 4/5
But, you don't come here for the environment - you come for the EPIC TRUFFLE FRIES!!
Truffle fries are normal fries cooked in a special truffle oil, and they taste quite different (in a good way!) from typical ones. It's difficult to describe, but there is a unique aromatic taste that comes out in each bite, and I seriously just want to sit there eating them all day after taking the first bite. 
The burger, on the other hand, while pretty good, definitely isn't at the level of amazingness as the fries. I got the 500 Burger, which came with lettuce/tomato, bacon, and a special house sauce. The meat just didn't feel like it had as much flavor and chewy texture as I had expected and found at other burger joints. Also, the meat seemed a bit small relative to the size of the bun.
Burger: 3.5/5
Truffle fries: 5/5 (first time rating anything 5/5, so you know this is good!!)I'm stuck between 3 and 4 stars. Its a 5oz burger, and for 6 bucks, you can get more meat elsewhere, but what's really going for them are their ingredients. Beautiful roll, letuce tomato, and especially the meat. Like a good steak, the first bite had that blood red greese dripping onto the parchment (not too greesey overall). It's pretty much a classic all-american burger joint with minimal offerings of shakes and fries. 
This is definitely a lunch place but as good as the burgers are, I can't afford a $10 lunch most days. A good tip a friend gave me was that an order of fries are quite ample. So go with a friend, get two burgers and a fry to share.
I wish it blew my mind, but it didn't. It's a solid hamburger though...Great burgers, fries and shakes. They use high quality beef (with options to upgrade to Kobe - read Wagyu-or grass fed). Nicely cooked with great toppings and interesting combos and a very good bun. The burgers are accompanied by thin, crisp fries that taste of potato. I had a Kobe truffle burger, topped with truffled mushrooms and truffle cheese, that was very decadent. Added truffle fries and it was truffle heaven. Add it all up and you've got one great burger joint!If you are looking for a challenge in burger kingdom this is the place to go! Order the truffle fries and the black and white chocolate shake to finish it off! And enjoy the food coma that comes after this monstrous meal. :)Definitely on my list of places to eat. Quality and cleaniness. As Jules once said, "Hmm Huhumm. This is a tasty burger!"Really good burgers. Tasty, crunchy fries, creamy milkshakes made with Bassett's ice cream. Hits the spot after happy hour. I wish they had more space & the prices for burgers can be a bit steep, but it's so good, I often forget those complaints. The 500 Burger is my favorite - lettuce, tomato, cheddar, bacon, and special sauce. Cooked medium rare it's the perfect burger. The fry sauce and spicy fries are awesome.The only thing worth getting 2stars were the sweet potatoe fries.  I don't know but I would think if all you do are burgers then you could get the temperature right.  I ask for a Prime burger med. rare and it came out well done.  Also the bottom of my bun was over toasted so it started to fall apart....NOT a good experience!500 degrees is a great way to end a night out. You can definitely prevent a horrible hangover by soaking up any alcohol with a burger and fries here. You might also end up being one of the annoying/drunk people here that makes this place a mess after 1am. We all have those nights on occasion, so bring yourself here.
I'm obsessed with truffle anything, so the truffle fries were a must have. I ate them so fast and wanted more. The burger was so juicy and cooked perfectly (medium for me), and it was so huge I couldn't finish it. I got the build your own cheeseburger with grilled onions and jalapenos. This place is comparable to Shake Shack, but I actually like the burger and fries much better here. My friends ordered the veggie burger and the turkey burger, and they were equally raving about theirs, so it's not just the beef burger that's delicious here! It's a little bit of a wait, especially when the late night crowds start searching for food.Perfect for an inexpensive and on the go lunch.  My only "but" would be that it can get too loud.  Burger combination was good and sauces were great.  Fries are plentiful and tasty.got in line opening day to take advantage of the buy one get one free burgers with free fries. loved how they let you choose your temp for the burger and the homemade buns were light and tasty. the burger patty was delicious and juicy with a nice meaty slice of tomato and fresh lettuce. the fries were crispy and well seasoned. i was a little dissapointed with the milkshake, not quite as thick and chocolatey as i would have liked and for $5 i wanted a little more. overall i was pleased with my meal but might not order a shake next time.500 Degrees burgers (Sansom and 15th st.) are delicious. But when your concept is no-nonsense chow, that you specialize in one item and cut on all non-essential, your process should be frightfully efficient, and it really  isn't once past the admittedly good order taking. Two burgers shouldn't take 15 mn to prepare. 
And fries? Think crispy next time. Limp lukewarm fries that have been sitting over the fryer for the 15 mn it  takes to prepare the burger belong to one place only: the trash can.  
Also, hygiene, much? You might want to work on that. I saw a guy bring a box of tomatoes, obviously not washed. They still had the stickers on, and you don't put washed tomatoes back in their box. And then he cut them on the cardboard... THAT is just asking for trouble and sick customers. 
Not coming back.Like all good things, it always comes to an end. 500 Degrees "end" is now. 
During the summer, I tried the "mini Rouge burger" for the first time with some co-workers. Although not entirely like the Rouge, the 500 Degrees burger was the next best thing. I deemed it one of the best, if not the best fast food burger I have ever tried; better than Five Guys and even better than In-N-Out. If I wrote the review back then, it would probably be 4/5.
But, that was then. What happened? Did they change chefs/owners/something? I ordered the Classic Combo with truffle fries and the strawberry milkshake, while my lady got the burger of the week with the fried egg. We waited anxiously around 10 minutes and our number was called. We prepare to unravel the anticipated greatness to come, and BAM. Did I just get Punk'd? 
Everyone take a look at the photos that other Yelpers have submitted. Beautiful little thing, isn't it? This night, not so much! My burger was sloppily put together. The bun was squished and not at all like the glossy and puffy bun I remembered. Bad start so far, and it does not get better since they messed up my order and replaced my mushrooms with cooked red onions. After removing that, I took a huge bite to feed my burning appetite. Meh. I ordered medium rare and it came out medium to medium well. I remember the burger oozing its glorious juices all over my arm after the first bite. This was just a disgrace.
Her burger was not much better either. The burger was also put together like the McDonald's down the street from me, nasty. The egg had already popped and left a watery mess. She didn't even finish the burger. That doesn't make me feel too proud after talking up the 500 Degrees burger for so long.
The "truffle" fries barely tasted like truffles. It actually tasted normal, but was decent. It could have been a bit crunchier, since I hate limp fries. 
The milkshake was the highlight of our meal, but then again, who messes up a milkshake? 
Yes, this was a long review for a horrible experience. Yes, I am a little harsh on a relatively positive establishment. But hey, it must have been a bad night or something for this place to completely change from my last experience. I will not return. I ask for a favor to the next person who read this review and tried the burger. Take a picture for me, and let me know if it was just a bad night for them/me.I am giving 500 degrees 5 stars because my first experience there was a drunken blur. (Stumbling from Ladder 15 after many long islands, order a big bag of truffle fries and only remember I had them because my fingers smelt like it the next morning... gross yes i know but we've all had those nights)
The next time I had 500 degrees was when I moved into Center City, several months later, and found myself living half a block away.  Even though the size of the restaurant is small, the service is great and food comes out fast!
Now, I generally do not like burgers because I just find it messy... I like to eat with a fork and knife but man... these burgers are just too good to give up!
Medium rare is definitely the way to go with burgers and 500 degrees definitely does it right.
ps, Their Spicy Chipotle Mayo Sauce that goes with their truffle fries is also to die for.Stopped in to 500 Degrees on opening day, at 3 pm after the crowds going absolutely nutso for the free food had disappeared.
I had a medium-rare hamburger with grilled red onions and bacon.  The burger was closer to medium or medium-well, but I did spot some pink sneaking through, which is more than you can say for any other fast food type burger.
The spicy fries were really good, even if I needed two hand washings to get the Old Bay off my fingers.
Very psyched for this addition to Sansom Street.  Passed on a black and white shake for today or I would have hit my calorie limit for the week on one meal.I get the Turbo with fries and I take a big bite and chew and take another bite before swallowing. People should always bite off more than they can chew. It's that good. Service is a little slow, but I am a patient man.1. Disgusting truffle oil fries. The only reason why people use crap like truffle oil is to make the food seem fancy. Fries are something that do not need truffle oil flavoring, especially not fake truffle flavoring that nearly all restaurants use. 
FYI folks, almost all truffle oil is NOT made from truffles, it's made from synthetic chemicals.
2. They do have delicious sliders and delicious seafood sliders.I used to love coming here- I work around the corner, and it was super easy to duck around for a quick burger. The cooks are awesome. They remember me every time, they're friendly, and they know how to make a great burger (cooked to a perfect medium-rare)!
Unfortunately, the points off are for the guys at the counter. I think one of them is the owner? He always looks like he doesn't want to be there, I don't think I've ever seen him smile, and he's been cranky at customers on numerous occasions. The other counter guy either has a hard time hearing or doesn't care enough to try. Kind of a problem in a place that gets so loud! I had to repeat my order twice, and then my name three times.
Last visit, I just ordered a shake. My order was finally filled after 20+ minutes of listening to these two guys get short with customers. A girl who'd ordered guacamole didn't see it on her receipt, and brought it up with the guy, who said, "You didn't say that you wanted guacamole."  Great. It's good to know that if there's ever a problem with my order, it's my fault.
I wish I could give more than three (because the cooks are seriously awesome, and know their way around a grill) but the two jerks taking orders really mess up the experience."That is one tasty burger"
After the hour long wait, this place did not let us down.
Solid burger, which is a nice size for lunch.  The fries were crispy, and had a delicious spicy flavor.Been here more than once and I've only had the Kobe burger (medium rare) w/truffle fries...mouth watering and totally satisfying...probably one of the best burger joints in center city Philly...I know what you're thinking, "if it's one of the best burger joints in Philly and you loved the food, then why not give it 5 stars?"...1) it can be a bit pricey but it's def worth the money. 2) the place is kinda small and the lines can get very long especially if it's on a weekend and people are looking for a place to eat that's open late but I've never been there on a weekday so I can't compare the waiting time to sit down and eat...am I fickle? Possibly but to me it's the small things that count :pI find it kind of amusing that all the one-star reviews (as of today) are given by people with no picture and only one review.
This place is a solid four stars. My husband got us the 500 burgers to go. Given that we live about 2 blocks away, it was still pretty damn good for not eating it right away when it was fresh out of the kitchen.
Burger is good, comparable to Shake Shack in NYC, but way better than In-n-Out (yes, I'm from California, so you Californians can go ahead and hate, haha...just my opinion). We ordered medium-rare and it was cooked correctly, although I wouldn't have minded if it was undercooked. The truffle fries, while very good, were HELLA SALTY. Jesus Chris superstar, they need to tone that down a few notches! 
I'd give them another month or so to work out all the kinks. Other than that, I'd definitely go back for the burger.OMG the truffle fries!!! 
500 burger and truffle fries = best way to cap off a night in CC. 
Alittle expensive but hell your in CC what do you expect? 
Make sure you read the "how you want it" descriptions. The burgers tend to be on the rare side. Medium is very pink, while medium well still has some pink in it. I always get medium well and its fantastic.Went here for lunch. I expect this rating to improve once the shop has been open and is less crowded, and they have a chance to really nail down their kitchen production process. (summary at bottom if tl;dr)
Location: not bad, Sansom is one of my favorite streets in Philly. The new space is well decorated and pretty well set up. There is an entrance on one side that leads directly to the order station, and there is a assembly line and large pick up area after. The waiting area is a bit tight, but even with the large crowd I wasn't uncomfortable. I like that you can see the entire kitchen (completely open). We sat against the wall, and it was ample space to lay out our food.
Service: friendly enough and efficient. You can hear as they call your order number too. Didn't see many order mistakes and the manager was on top of things. The wait in line took about 20 minutes (unacceptable for lunch fare, but not their fault persay) and the food took about 10 (a bit long when they had a massive pile of burgers cooked and ready). At this point I can't sink so much time over my lunch break so be aware of this point. 
Food: I ordered a cheeseburger with cheddar (medium) and red onions and a side of truffle fries. 
Burger first: The bun is good, but not what I expected. It has the texture of stale bread, but this ended up being great. the burger held in place wonderfully and it did not fall apart like the softer potato rolls for example. My burger was cooked great but was extremely salty on one side. The cheddar was rubbery and flavorless, and the onions were very overcooked, mushy and flavorless. The side of pickles was unexpected and a bonus (I love pickles!). Good size in my opinion, but my food mate thought it was too small for the price (almost looked like a slider, 5.5oz uncooked patty). Overall it was a good burger, but not great. Out of 5 I would give it 3. If the cheese and onions were better, it would gain +1 because the meat was tasty and juicy (the heart if you will). 
The truffle fries were a gigantic portion for $2... we should have shared a single order. They were awesome and the smell of truffles was fantastic. The flavor was not overpowering, almost subtle addition to the fries. The fries were not at all greasy which I really, really appreciate and the way they were cut was great. Some were nice and crunchy and some were soft so there was alot to like here. Fries get 5 out of 5! The spicy fries were on par with these. 
Milkshake: god I wish I ordered one after seeing them make it : ) but I am sure my wallet (5 bucks!) and my stomach thank my brain for saving them. From the looks of it though, it would have raised the rating 1 star alone! haha. 
Value: was the burger worth $5.50? in my ideal world... no. but comparatively in the market it wasn't outrageous. Total meal cost without drink was $9 after tax and I think that is slightly too much considering what you get, but we could have also split the $2 fries for how many you get. I couldn't make this a 'regular' place to eat as I don't see the value. 
Summary: The wait times were prohibitive of a lunch time meal, and the value is right on the border of being overpriced (the jury is still out) but I enjoyed the meal enough that I would go back. 2 stars is not mean to be a put down, and I think it is accurate of the food and experience. I hope the lines get more manageable at lunch time though. 
*Me and my friend made an over/under bet on if this place would last. Goodburger didn't survive a year for the same issues I brought up with 500d (value, wait time). However, I expect it to last so took the over side. I hope I don't lose!A habit is slowly forming between the boyfriend and I that we'd go out for Saturday lunch meal, and amongst our favorite food had to be burgers. After going out for PYT at the piazza and loving it, we decided it's a bit far for us to go there every week, so after looking around Yelp, we settled for 500 Degrees. It earns point from me just by naming it a numeric symbol.
Outside the door, there's a burger of the week sign with some interesting concept burgers.  Upon entering and after reading the menu, I asked for a "Heat Lover Combo" and I repeated myself 3 times because apparently the server has never heard of the Heat Lover before and I have to point at the sign right next to the cash register and tell him I want that burger in a combo. In which he told me that the special burgers don't come available in a combo. Huh? Is it so difficult to put that in a combo deal like all the regular burgers they have here? (After reviewing their facebook page, apparently a lot of burgers of the week comes in a combo pack, so I don't know what the problem was)
Anyway, after ordering that and a 500 burger combo with mushrooms, we sat at the well lit dining room and started analyzing. The burgers were quite superb, perfect sized, good soft buns with a juicy, soft, meaty patty that goes perfectly with the cheddar. The special sauce in the 500 burger is tasty and the bacon added some crispiness. The grill has slightly charred the outside and give it a smokiness that's ever so alluring. The special sauce and a lite dijon mustard is also served at the table that undoubtedly enhance the flavor of any burgers.
The Heat Lover burger has a lovely pickled jalapeno peppers on top that tickle the taste buds but not enough to give you an intense heat. The spicy fries and the truffle fries are also a bit weak in flavor, so was my chocolate shake. I wonder if the fries can benefit with just a tad more salt and pepper or the flavoring it promised. The fries are also a bit on the soft side. 
The burger outweighs the bad, with a well lit place and an affordable menu, it's still very much worth coming back again. I'll definitely come back a few more times for weeks to come.One of the best meals I've ever had after a night of drinking. Don't come here sober for a burger--spend the extra dough and go to Village Whiskey. But for drunk eats, I've rarely had better.God bless my boyfriend who scoped the selection of ice teas including sweet tea, which initially got him to bring me here. Unfortunately, for this tried and true southerner, the tea was made from a mix and not freshly brewed. While I was more than a bit skeptical that sweet tea could be found north of South Carolina, the burgers did not disappoint, which is entirely the point of 500 Degrees. 
These are serious burgers. You can choose your meat, including Kobe (!), your favorite cheese (pepper jack anyone?), and even an assortment of other toppings and craft sauces. Throw in a milkshake and you'd think you've been transported to a 50's burger shack. 
The ambiance is not like a 50's burger joint though. It is a minimalistic with wood, concrete, large scale Italian tile and reclaimed wood tables. It has the Chipotle aesthetic, which is perfect for these upscale burgers. Add to this, it is located on Samson street where you will not be accosted by homeless people looking for your spare change. At least, not yet.
Back to the burgers. They are juicy, thickly formed and perfectly cooked (to your specification of doneness no less), on a brioche bun. I'd seriously consider eating these with both hands in a death grip to prevent someone from stealing my burger, but I wanted to keep the juices flowing down one hand instead of two. 
My only beef, (sorry had to go there), was with the fries. These were shoestring natural cut and crisp, but many were no longer than 1" to 2". Normally size does not matter to this gal, but when talking french fries, you can't do much with a skimpy fry when dipping them in the delicious sauces 500 degrees has to offer. 
All in all, I liked this out-of-the-way gourmet burger place. Whether you stumble across this drunk or sober, head in and get your burger on.The burger was above average, but the fries were fantastic and stole the show. Truffle fries fried in duck fat. Need I say more.  The spicy fries were my personal favorite.This is a decent place to get a burger. The burgers are meaty and has an endless amount of toppings you can put on it. The fries are your basic frozen fries, so nothing to write home about.The thought of a burger from here makes me salivate like Homer Simpson..mmmmm....
I'm a burger snob when it comes to take-out burgers with most not meeting my satisfactory standard (sorry mcdonald's you are so below me) but 500 degrees gives you that steak house quality burger while meeting the American instant gratification need.
I ordered The 500 and wow, devoured it in under 5 minutes.  All the burgers here are good and their fries? Forget about it--amazing!  They're cooked in truffle oil to give it that extra kick.  Ask for their house sauce free of charge and it makes a great dipping sauce.
The only thing that held me back from giving it 5 stars?  The price.  Even though you get your money's worth, since they opened, their prices have been slowly creeping up there.  But believe me, that will not stop me..not yet :)Great burgers near Rittenhouse Square. Small venue, be prepared to table-share. I had a black and white milkshake which was standard, nothing outstanding but tasty nonetheless. Next time I'll go with the soda fountain b/c they have a good variety of flavors including cherry soda. The burgers themselves were tasty and you can tell the beef was high-quality and fresh, but a little undercooked for our taste. My medium was definitely more medium rare. Buttered brioche bun was EXCELLENT and the truffle fries definitely added a tasty spin on fries (earthy, garlicky) and I would order again. Loved the house and fry sauces - fry sauce was like a spicy Thousand Island. House sauce hard to describe - a little dijon, a little horseradish maybe? It was definitely expensive ($23 for 2 burgers, a soda, a milkshake, truffle fries and regular fries), but not bad for a once in a while thing.
Oh, also...kinda disappointed no special burger the week we visited! Would have liked to sample something different! I got a cheeseburger with swiss, mushrooms and fried onions.Name: Elliott
Favorite color: Red
Favorite food: Burger
Now, this is a burger place. It's equidistant from both a Five Guys and a Shake Shack. It is priced similarly to both a Five Guys and a Shake Shack. It is better than both a Five Guys and a Shake Shack.
You really can't go wrong. You can make your own burger creation, they have a plethora of toppings to put on, you can get PRIME BEEF on your burger. Braised bacon? Eggs? Hash browns? You name it, they have it.
I had a prime beef burger cooked medium, with cheddar cheese, mayo, lettuce, onions, bacon, and an over easy egg. Life doesn't get any sweeter. My burger was moist, greasy, lots of cheese, just overall what I expect from a burger joint. 
I didn't try their truffle fries, but I wish I did. They smelled and looked so good. Maybe next time.
The reasons it is knocked down a star? It does take a little too long for your meal to come, the place is really small and incredibly loud at lunch, and it just doesn't really feel all that clean.
Overall: Go. It's on point with what a burger shop should be.This venue is very cool and I like the sort of high-end cafeteria look.  I went here for a late dinner after drinks because I had a very strong craving for burgers.  I had heard a lot about it so I was hoping I would find a new burger joint to hit up.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  The place is small and has an open kitchen, so it's cool to watch the cooks but there's not too many seats.  But overall, I liked the decor.
My burger cooked to medium wasn't juicy, it was too small, I found that there was too much bread, and although you could tell the ingredients were fresh (and I love bibb lettuce!), the burger as a whole wasn't very delicious.  Also, I got truffle fries and the truffle oil was so overpowering and started to make me feel sick, so I didn't finish an order of fries for what I believe is the first time in my life.  Also, the fries are cut extremely thin and they are extremely crunchy with hardly any potato inside so I feel like they taste more like potato chips than fries.
There are no tables and the seats are more like benches, so it's a very informal atmosphere.  Also, the black & white milkshake I got was nothing special.After 25 minutes sitting on that hard wooden bench waiting for my two shakes I finally had to leave. Wasting my break, loosing the 13.00 I spent on milkshakes for a co-worker and myself. The woman behind the counter continued to take orders from the 9 people that came in behind me, not bothering to add ice cream and milk to the machine to let it process while she worked the register. This is always an ongoing problem at this place as this has happened once before to me and twice to my manager. Get extra help for Friday nights. I wont be back. Id rather walk the extra 4 blocks to Shake Shack. At least there I always get what I came in for with a smile.I really like this place! I don't eat beef
Or pork so finding a place with a good turkey burger is hard. Their burger is really juicy and flavorful. Greasiness level is definitely up there, but I didn't think it took away from the burger itself. With cheese, house sauce, LTO, it's so good. The turkey burger doesn't taste like it came out a freezer either. Their fries are on point too (def greasy too, probably leave these for 3 am trips) with their house sauce. A bit pricey, so I don't go super often. The guy at the register wasn't overly friendly, gotta be a little pushyBack in Philly!  Didn't get a chance to try this burger joint the last time I was here.
Food (8.5/10) = Ordered the "500 burger" with the truffle fries.  The meat is damn good.  So good, it stands on its own without any sauce.  Of course if you want to contaminate your burger with sauces, go ahead.  They gave me a white sauce and a pink one.  I can't remember what they were exactly.  The pink one was rather salty though.  The sauces were delicious though,...better than the average ketchup and mustard.  All the other components of the burger were great/fresh (the bread, lettuce, mushrooms, bacon, cheese).  The truffle fries were delicious.  Won't say too much about the fries because it is just fries with truffle oil.  It's not hard to make.  They do prepare all their fries with duck fat though.  Very nice.
Ambiance (7.5/10) = nice clean burger joint.
Service (7.5/10) = not much too it.  Place your order, get your food and eat it.
Overall Opinion = These are quality burgers.  Definitely a lot better than the average burger joint.  Bobby Flay should eat at this place and take notes (see my review for Bobby's whatever burger palace).  Although 500 degrees is really good, I still think the burgers at village whiskey are the best.  I would visit 500 degrees again.After missing the opening day due to the extensive line and rain, I decided to visit this new burger joint courtesy of Rouge on day 2 of its existence.  It lives up to its pedigree!
I went with the 500 burger, medium.  It was a perfect medium, pink and juicy in the middle.  There was ample cheddar, and a fresh slice of tomato, with two crispy slices of bacon atop the burger itself.  This was all nestled inside a brioche roll, which held up well in the face of the juicy onslaught the burger provided.  And the special sauce was fantastic.
I also went with fries... the options were regular, spicy, and truffle.  Who wouldn't choose truffle given those options?  They were perfect...  crispy, warm, and well-trufflized.   
All of this for less than $8...  I will definitely be back again soon.  500 degrees is a welcome addition to the Philadelphia burger scene and stands up well to its predecessor and competition!I saw this place pop up on my Facebook feed last week and a mental note to swing by and give it a try (it being only 2 blocks from my apartment). I checked in with Yelp and a friend who visited earlier, and the general "warnings" I got were that a) the portion size was small, b) fries were salty, and c) the burger tended to stray toward the rare side of the spectrum.
Turns out only one of these would turn out to be true for me. I came in at 6pm on Saturday and the place was pretty empty and ended up waiting 5 minutes tops for my order. Total came to $18 and some change for 2 "500" burgers + 2 truffle fries, about what I'd pay at Five Guys for the same (jr. size) + drinks.
I briskly walked home and opened my prize. You know it's a good sign when the receipt stapled to the bag has grease on it. The burger was solid, juicy, cooked to order (medium rare), and as someone mentioned on here already, held up well and didn't fall apart on me. I tend to like my burgers on the rarer side, so any undercooking would have been welcome. In terms of taste, while not having the robust flavor of my all-time favorite burgers (Shake Shack, In & Out), the thing was damn good. The bacon was just right, though I feel as though it could have used a little more cheese.
As an aside, for some reason, the yelp photos make the burgers look smaller than they actual are. I was expecting something just a tad bigger than a slider, but I pulled it out of the bag and was surprised by the heft.
Now comes the part where the warning came true. The truffle fries were so good I scraped the bottom of the bag for every last remnant....BUT, they were salty as hell. In fact, as I write this, I feel dried out and keep licking my lips. I like salt, but damn, this was a lot!
By the end of the meal, I actually felt full...not bursting at the seams, but a comfortable full. While not the absolute best burger I've ever had, this place holds its own and is a welcome addition to the Philly burger scene.Best hamburgers in Philly!
I've tried lots of places in city center, and nobody comes close, the meat is delicious, love the Kobe burger.
Definitely the most tasty burgers in townI was quite excited to try this new burger place, as I have been known to enjoy a good burger, so I decided to give it a try today late this afternoon. I ordered my food and found a place to sit down, eventually. I was called for my food and went to the counter, they handed me the bag and went back to what they were doing. I patiently waited and finally was able to acquire the soda which came with my order. I sat down and began trying out the food. 
    The first bight of my burger was amazing! So I excitedly tried one of my fries; much to my dismay tey had a very very funny taste to them, as I had a few more I really began to have a bad taste in my mouth so I had a sip of my soda. I continued savoring my burger and quickly forgot about the fries, no big loss in bad fries right? So as I went to take a third sip from my soda I realized that although it felt heavy it was already void of any soda, I peeked inside only to find it almost filled to the brim with ice. I went up to the counter and asked for a refill on the $2 soda, I was told that it is their policy not to provide refills. 
    That was it after fries, that are now making me feel quite ill, and a soda that was filled to the brim with ice and would not be refilled I cannot recommend this to anyone looking for a meal. The only reason this place did not receive a single star is because their burger, the signature medium-rare 500 degree burger, was actually quite excellent.     
    If you're looking for JUST a burger give the place a try, just don't expect smiling service.Good burgers. Amazeball truffle fries.  I wish they had more seating room. The burgers are good but I'm not a huge fan of the bun.  They taste whole-wheat-ish/dry. :(Tried this place a few days after opening. I'd get into a lengthier review, but everyone else has taken care of that.  IMO, 5 guys is far and away the best. This burger was very dry, and not very tasty. Fries are OK. I think when all the hype dies this place will be forgotten.Today was the opening of 500 Degrees on 15th and Sansom.  This is owned by the same owners of Rouge. All they sell here is smaller versions of the Rouge burger and the fries as well as milk shakes. 
I just had 1 of the house specials - the 500 (tomato, lettuce, bacon, cheddar and special sauce). INSANELY amazing. It is a smaller version of the Rouge burger but at 1/4 the price - $5.
The fries are the same as Rouge but in addition to the truffle fries there are spicier options. 
The service was insanely fast for how long the line was. 
The best part about this place is that they will be open until 3 am on Fri and Sat nights!!
Finally a late not spot for amazing burgers - this place blows 5 guys out of the water.After arriving in Philly a little too early to check into our hotel, the beau and I were ravenously hungry. We've passed by 500 Degrees a handful of times on our visits to Philly, and we finally decided that this was the time to go in, as a burger sounded like heaven. 
I was a bit overwhelmed (in a good way) with their choices of specialty burgers and their "build your own" menu. I eventually just went with the 500 Burger; seemingly plain compared to others, but you can't go too wrong with lettuce, tomato, cheddar, and bacon, I figured. The beau made his own with Kobe beef, lettuce, and provolone. Both done medium rare and made to order, we reached that heaven we were hoping for. I devoured mine.The special sauce, made with garlic and horseradish mayo, gave it a great tang. The Kobe burger was just as delicious, with the provolone adding a great sour sharpness. The French fries were also on point, and we were lucky enough to get ours fresh from the fryer. 
A good choice for a burger and fries, indeed! By my typical NYC standards, they are cheap, too, about $6 - $8 for a good burger. (Man, I'd kill for those prices in NYC sometimes. Ha!) I'd definitely make the trip back here should a burger craving strike me while I'm in Philly.the burgers ROCK!!! i wasnt surprised.. its my fav ROUGE burger that i dream about, LOL! and of course amazing truffle or spicy fries :) i've been 5 times already and cant get enough. i esp love the different sauces they have and i alwayssss ask them for extra on the side cause im a condiment freak :) 
be adventurous if there are specials! the combustion was fantastic- pepper jack, fried onions and BBQ sauce! 
buon appetito :)I went to 500 Degrees without any expectations. I had been craving burgers for a good solid week before I actually ended up going here. The place definitely isn't made to handle high-volume traffic and that is reflected in the venue and the speed of service. There also aren't enough sauce bottles to ensure a more uniform distribution through the restaurant. You'll have to steal your favorite sauce from other customers. People also like to mix and match the chairs (the tables and the counts have different heights, but customers don't seem to put the chairs back). A slight annoyance when you're trying to bite into your burger and you can barely get your elbows on to the counter.
The burger itself was tasty. The patty is juicy and really well cooked. There is a nice char on there that you won't get from other burger joints in this price range. The bread is also a notch above other fast food burgers. However, the overall package left something more to be desired. Though everything was well handled and the ingredients are good, there really wasn't enough flavor to make it truly great. It really felt like something was missing, and for the price, I would rather go somewhere else. The portion is intermediate. It won't get you terribly full nor will it leave you starving.
The fries are interesting, I'll give it that. They are the shoestring variety. The "spicy" fries are basically cajun fries, though I think Five Guys does a better job on that front. The truffle fries aren't really truffled, but they probably have the best flavor of the bunch. I did not get to try the sweet potato fries, but if I ever come back, I'll grab an order of those.
One really great thing about 500 Degrees is that they have a really awesome fountain soda collection. They look like local or microbrew sodas. All in all, if you have a burger fix, this place will cure it. Don't expect anything spectacular, but if you're tired of other fast food burgers, this is a nice change of pace.
-CLess greasy than 5 Guys. I ordered mine med rare, it was juicy but not sloppy, Bibb lettuce & t. Mushrooms were cooked into not on the patty. At under $6 and no line at seven pm on a Thu, a great quick flavorful deal. Limited menu- want it with milkshake or truffle fries and your options are about exhausted - but service was quick and good. Highchair seating at a wooden table, no frills.Truffle fries were really good! Burger was decent got the 500 done rare. Not alot of seating. If you needed a quick burger nothing fancy this is your spot.Stopped in with a co-worker for lunch. My co-worker received his meal. As he was finishing his meal, my burger was finally ready. Unfortunately, the burger was screwed up to the point of being inedible. Definitely not happy to have wasted my lunch hour. Fortunately there are many quality eateries nearby; I need not be tempted to attempt to eat here again. I cannot recommend this establishment unless you enjoy having your time wasted unnecessarily.The burgers here are pretty fucking good. The fries, too. Not fucking bad.
Pitching their tent in 2010 made 500 Degrees an early settler on the upscale burger frontier. An influx of outside mother fuckers and a renewed focus from local chefs has gradually turned a small populace into a burgeoning metropolis. Everywhere's got a burger you gotta try now, you know?
I ordered the 500 Degrees burger ($10 w/ fries) and it was missing bacon, which fucking sucked, so maybe my review would be higher if I had it the way it was designed. The fries have great crunch but not much in the way of fluffy innards. Truffle oil on fries doesn't do too fucking much for me, especially at a $2 upcharge, but it serves as an unwitting nod to 2010, when it too was the darling of the culinary community. Fuckin' poetic, in a pedantic foodie kind of way.
Also, the music at 6 pm on a Tuesday was as oddly and unnecessarily profane as this review.Stopped in on a Monday night after a few beers and tried The 500 burger, which comes with lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese, bacon and house sauce, on a big, rounded, picture-perfect bun. Spicy fries too. ($10.25 or so for both.) It was good, not remarkable. I have to admit, I prefer 5 Guys sloppy mess of a burger for the taste. Still, I devoured that 500 burger and did enjoy it. The fries were great. 
The place itself is small, with rap music playing, and there was only 1 other customer at 8:30 p.m. The staff was nice to me, a first timer, helping me through my confusion with the menu. (I did mention the few beers, right?) It took 5-7 minutes to get the burger. I liked sitting next to the window, watching the night foot traffic pass by on Sansom Street. Perhaps it's just the location, but it seemed every person who passed glanced in at me. Anyway, a nice experience overall.Dear lord what an awful milkshake, and fries and a burger to match.
The shake was like drinking chocolate milk, thin and watery. Fries were lukewarm and soggy.  And the burger is TINY.  This isn't any better than any fast food chain, and three or four times the price.
Portions here are VERY meager for the price, and they are WAY overstaffed and STILL slow.  My friend and I were the only people in there and it still took forever for them to get around to talking to us.  And they had no idea what kind of oil the fries are cooked in.  Be careful if you have allergies!
Only plus here is that it's open late, but we'll see if that lasts.  But during normal hours go to Five Guys if you want a sizeable, reliable burger and fries at a reasonable price.  It's further from my house, but worth the extra block of walking.Came here for lunch on a Friday.  There is very little seating available and its very crowded, typical of a center city lunch spot.  
The Burger and fries were pretty good, nothing spectacular, definitely not worth $13.  Save a few bucks and go to five guys.Right around the corner from my office, 500 Degrees is my late lunch salvation.  Ever since watching Food, Inc, i upped my food criteria and they "meat" it.   
I used to order burgers medium but 500 does a perfect medium rare.  I get the provolone, lettuce and tomato.  (My friends lean to cheddar.) If they had a thick slice of Spanish or Vidalia onion, it would be 5 stars.  But I'm not a fan of that red onion.
Bring back a burger to your office and every one asks about it.Line was out the door and it took forever to get food, but I think this will improve as the place gets a system down. Right now the kitchen is still sort of chaotic. 
The burgers are very tasty, albeit small, I would describe them as fat miniburgers. I am guessing this allows them to sell high quality burgers at such low prices, which I think are fair for what you get.
Fries were good but nothing to rant about.I went here after reading some other reviews and thought I should check it out since my guy loves burgers (and i'm tired of eating at Five Guys). The burgers were okay, nothing special. However, I did absolutely LOVE the fact that they could put the guac on it for less than a dollar extra, which did enhance the taste of it. Their garlic parmesan fries were good, but they give you such a small portion for $4.25. Not impressed at all. It's a small location, with two small tables outside. On some days they have late hours which is probably the best characteristic of the place. Its worth a visit if you're already in the city walking around or running errands. Don't drive there and pay for parking just to go there. Feel me?I really wanted to love this place. I've had my eye on it since it opened. I have been checking out the reviews and giving them a chance to fine tune everything. Basically biding my time and planning the perfect first experience for me and my soon to be favorite burger joint. 
I finally went last week and was pretty disappointed. I had the 500. The burger was salty. Prohibitively salty all over the outside of the patty. I've never tasted anything like it so at first i couldnt put my finger on what was turning me off. Besides that, the tomato slice was mealy and only covered half the patty. The special sauce was scarce. I felt super let down, but i still hadn't gotten to the fries.
I had the truffle fries and i LOVED them... at first. The texture was perfect, the seasoning was just right, but something about the truffle flavor lingered long past it was welcome. It wasnt overwhelming, but truffle flavor permeated the next few bites of burger, sips of (delicious) cherry soda, even stuck around through my after-lunch cigarette. I still tasted truffle in the back of my mouth later that night when i was drinking beers with my friends. It was weird. 
I am giving 500 degrees three stars because i am sure their other fries are yummy. Also i've only gone once and i really want to love this place, so i am going to try again next week. But, honestly, after this first experience i may just keep on walking down to Village Whiskey for my bi-weekly burger fix.After much hype and anticipation, a visit to 500 Degrees didn't completely blow my mind but was undoubtedly delicious. It was hard to decide with this spot's huge number of patty/topping options. I ordered a medium Kobe burger (because the grass-fed Prime wasn't available) with boar bacon, long hots, and a side of truffle fries.
The patty was the star, though it was more of a medium rare. Still, it was deliciously beefy, melt-in-your-mouth juicy, and properly seasoned. The brioche bun did a good job of sopping up the juices but got messy after a while. Truffle fries were shatteringly crisp on the outside with creamy insides and the perfect amount of salt, excellent dipped in their fry sauce.
I did have a couple gripes. The boar bacon tasted great but resembled leather texturally, and the cook went a little overboard with the truffle oil on my fries. Still, this burger's quality surpassed the likes of similar joints, a truly gourmet burger in a fast food setting. Open until 3 on weekends to boot. Well worth a stop for a quick but delicious burger.Even though I knew, I finally proved to myself that I don't HAVE to be wasted to be enjoying 500 Degrees by going there for lunch. I mean I was hungover, but not wasted!
Seriously though,
500 Degrees is so much more than drunk food. The humpty dumpty burger (what I always get) is perfectly cooked every single time! I ask for medium rare and I get that pink in the middle. The burger is big (I mean BIG!), juicy, and you will definitely get messy eating it. Oh, and they also have an amazing list of toppings.. which are just glorious..!!
The truffle fries are alright. I do get them every time, but they usually don't meet my expectations. I think it's the shoestring fries, because I don't like them as much as regular fries.I got a burger with swiss cheese, truffle oil fries, and chocolate milk shake.  The burger was delivered well-done although I had ordered medium rare.  Another person in my party got a mis-cooked burger, and an unrelated man at the same table also got a mis-cooked burger.  
The fries were okay.  Truffle oil on them was interesting to try once, and I can imagine someone who would love it, although I was not that person.  The milkshake was just fine.
The restaurant was extremely noisy.  It did not have to be so noisy.  I wondered if they were trying to encourage people to get takeout instead of eating in.
Total cost was $12.50, of which $5.75 for burger, $1.25 for fries, $5.00 for milkshake.   I think it is probably easy to get an equally-good or better burger for less money.Good for lunch, excellent for late night.  kobe burger with wild boar bacon is always my go to, skip the ketchup and mayo and opt for a runny fried egg insteadI like to refer 500 Degrees' burgers as "Ladysize."  They are just big enough to fill me up without being uncomfortable.  For the same reason they are appropriate to have for lunch, without going dull-eyed and useless for the remainder of the day.  The price is right, too -- $10 for a milkshake, fries and a burger is quite a bit of food.
This petite princess has the same lean-to-fat ratio, Wild Flour bun and butter lettuce as her big brother, the Rouge burger, plus the addition of special sauce. You can also go for the weekly special burger if you like more bells and whistles.  Either way, the meat is quite rich-tasting, and I love being able to order a temperature rather than being standard-issued medium well.I headed over here for lunch yesterday pretty jazzed about the idea of having a gourmet burger to go. The place was bustling, but I was able to order my meal in about 5 minutes. While waiting for number to be called, one of the staff members came up to ask how I was doing, what I ordered, etc. He was very friendly and I liked that they were willing to go the extra step to check on their customers. 
I ordered a medium burger with provolone cheese and mushrooms with a side of truffle fries. I could smell the fries through the bag as I walked back to my office and couldn't wait to dig in. 
Honestly, I wasn't all that impressed. The fries were pretty tasty but didn't have the extra pizazz I was looking for. The burger was surprisingly tasteless; some more seasoning was definitely necessary. I was also kind of disappointed by the mushrooms. Again, not seasoned well and also, very few on my burger! 
I can see this being a great option after a night out (it's open until 3 am) but I don't think this is a place I will be craving in the future.I have a friend with whom I have regular burger lunch dates. She heard about 500 degrees and wanted to try it.  After Good Burger I have doubts on these gourmet burger places, but 500 degrees delivers.  
I figured I'd go all out and ordered the 500 burger with bacon and "house sauce" and spicy fries.  The burger was delicious. The bun was wonderful, my burger was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned with fresh lettuce and tomato. The fries were not what I would call spicy, but were delicious. I would opt for plain or truffle fries next time.  
The line was out the door, but moved quickly.  The place works like a well oiled machine. It was noisy and packed inside so we opted to take our food to the park instead.  To their credit the Red Hot Chili Peppers and the Cranberrys played while we were there.
Price wise it's in the middle. For a burger with the works, fries and an iced tea I paid $10.75. In my opinion the burger was def $6 good. I will definitely try this place again.Awesome burgers and fries! I usually get the 500 combo (topped with lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese, bacon, and house sauce) - which comes with a side of fries and a drink. I'm not a big fan of truffle-infused anything, so their sweet potato fries are my favorite alternative.
500 Degrees is a solid late night option too - they're open until 3AM on Thursdays through Saturdays. It's right next to Rumor, so I'm sure they make a killing from supplying the demand for greasy carbs that tends to come along with a boozy night. Definitely a strong contender for serving the some of the best burgers in Philly.True: I ate a burger for lunch and for dinner on the same day
False: I felt guilty about it
True: I ate a super juicy and large burger from 500 degrees at 2am 
False: I felt guilty about it 
True: Quite frankly, an awesome alternative for late night drankin' food
False: I felt guilty about it
True: I paired that sucker with some garlic Parmesan fries
False: I felt guilty about it 
True: Next time I'm in Philly I'll be back 
False: And I will share my burger with othersI went to this place on a first date with my now boyfriend and we've since gone back.  The buns are great and soak up all the excess juicy goodness and the burgers are amazing.  My only beef, no pun intended, is the french fries.  They have this weird after taste, probably from whatever oil they fry them in.
Overall I would go back but there are some other places I might go if I was a bit more hungry.I got the cheeseburger with the house sauce, fries and a coke.  ($12) The bun was excellent as far as flavour. Fresh salad, again all good. The meat was above average, cooked right. House sauce was ok. The fries were rubbish. But my biggest complaint, when they put that altogether they don't consider the mouth it's entering. If the meat was thinner on a bigger bun then half my burger wouldn't have ended up in my fries. There is nothing more annoying than one mouthful of tomato and meat and a little bun, the next lettuce and onion a bit of meat and no bun and the last few bites being a soggy mess of what ever slipped out. 
I eat out a lot, and I do burgers even when I'm sober. So I sort this place to check it out based on the reviews. But I won't be one of the ones recommending it at the price they charge. So though I don't mind filling my own cup, not for that price. Jus sayin.AWESOME burgers, and the fries are really great, too. I'm trying to decide between the spicy and the truffle-dusted as my favorites, but both are worth trying. The only problem I have with this place is how busy it gets on the weekends because of its proximity to the bars in Center City. 
You can choose how you want the burgers cooked, and they've got a pretty good variety. If you're looking for somewhere to get a classic burger-fries-milkshake combo, this is the place to go!Ok here is my update, the burger was much much better this time. Correctly cooked medium rare and nice and juicy. I will be back but for now I am keeping them at 3 stars. Today the truffle fries tasted like salt, not even a hint of truffle, I saw that they now use a spray bottle for the truffle oil.  Sounds like a good way to keep them from getting overtruffled but since I only got 2 quick sprays and a genrous shaking of salt, I could not taste the truffle. More sprays, less salt. If you are giving less truffle oil then why are you charging MORE for the truffle fries. On the plus side, they added a frequent burger card. I will be back but will just skip on the truffle fries since they skimp on the truffle now, and ask for no salt, so I can season them myself. Bottom line, I will return for more and will reccomend to friends once again but will have to just adjust to life without truffle fries.After reading so many positive reviews for 500 degrees I had been looking forward to trying it out.
Upon arrival, my friend and I approached the register to place our order. I'm not sure whether the guy behind the register was new or what but he seemed completely oblivious to what was going on. It was a struggle to even place an order. I realized after the fact that he put a completely different burger down than the one I ordered.
I got the 500 burger and my friend got a bacon cheeseburger. I ordered mine medium rare and it was basically raw. I am pretty aware of the difference between temperatures and the whole rare to well done scale and my burger was definitely rare. My friend ordered hers medium and it was medium rare.  My bun was soggy and I couldnt eat parts of it because it was like a sponge. I also got the truffle fries and meh. Boring. The strawberry shake was good but I've had better.
The best part of the meal was the barbecue sauce. 
I won't go back.Closer to Five Guys than Shake Shack and a little pricy for a fast food burger. Burger and fries were good, not great. Shake was simple and average. It's a good substitute if you're nearby but I wouldn't go out of the way for a visit.Yeah, that was an amazing Peppercorn Burger!  So many choices I spent more time deciding what I wanted in line than actually eating my burger.  Gosh I'm still full a week after I've been there...Got a chance to return to 500 Degrees and was very happy that the added a larger, normal sized burger to their menu. In my previous review I stated that the burger was delicious, but sized for a 12 year old girl or midget. 
I dropped by 500 Degrees before heading to Ladder for drinks and got their larger burger and their spicy fries. Very good, filling and not to expensive. 
I would definitely rank this burger as one of the better ones around, the best? No, but definitely a solid burger and fries.the burger was small. but it was so tastey and just enough for lunch! i didnt feel like i needed a nap after eating it. the line was down the block but it was fun to be a part of something trendy and new during the work day hustle and bustle. 
i will definitely be back when i need a cow fix.Wow, is all i can say, I have been here multiple times. Yesterday was one my most recent  visits. This place was jumping, very busy! The selection of toppings and specialty burgers is unsurpassed in Philly.  The meat quality is excellent. My new favorite is the Prime burger, hormone free and grass fed. Sometimes I get it with a potato crisp, cage free egg and their unbelievable braised bacon, sometimes as a Turbo, pickled Jalapenos, smoked cheddar and chipotle ketchup. Great staff, even under the duress of  a line out of the door. Just keep doing what your doing. BEST BURGER JOINT IN PHILLYfriend and i wanted to grab some grub before hamlet at the wilma. we didn't want fancy or bar food. so we got onto yelp and found this place. wasn't sure what to expect and when i opened the door, i was a little disappointed to see that the set-up was a little like shake shack...not that i dislike shake shack...just wanted more of a "restaurant" restaurant experience, and not a diner. well, i can tell you that my disppointment stopped there. 
marc (the host taking our order) was so incredibly friendly and fun! my friend ordered before me which gave me time to peruse their menu. she ordered a bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions and guacamole. marc made sure to express his surprise with the addition of guac lol 
i ordered the turbo which came with pickled jalapenos and added raw onions. my friend made a comment and marc gave me props for it because he also likes raw onions on his burgers. he really made my experience here great. 
since i work around the corner and love burgers, i will def be stopping by again. also, the burgers and fries are fucking delicious. the end.OMG that is all I have to say. This place is so goooood. Im a pretty simple person so I got the regular burger with lettuce, tomato, and cheese. I love fancy fries though so I got the truffle fries. They come with a special sauce.  I might just have to steal the recipe :) I love milkshakes so I got the chocolate milkshake. Everything was tasty. The burger was petite but wasn't missing flavor. The truffle fries were deelish. The truffle oil gives it a nice flavor. The milkshake was good also but by the time I finished the burger and fries I couldn't finish the milkshake. Now I go here all the time and I'm constantly craving the truffle fries.So two new "gourmet" burger joints opened up in the past month. 500 Degrees was the first. I waited in line with a couple of friends on opening day in anticipation of delicious burgers, truffle fries, and Bassets milkshakes. 
I ordered all of these and it was good. The milkshake was great & the fries were A+. The sauce they gave you was pretty good but coud use some tweaking. Honestly I prefer a thin patty as opposed to thick giant ground beef slabs. It reminded me of a Mondo Burger from the movie Good Burger.
I appreciate their attention to detail & the decor is perfect.Not a huge burger fan, but I honestly went to try the truffle fries.  The burger was okay, and the truffle fries were...truffle-y.  Overall, not worth a repeat trip.truffles fries were crispy, oily, and yummy.
burgers were huge.  good for late nights.The summation in three words: precision in simplicity.
Delicious burgers made some seriously fresh ingredients. Their bread is delivered twice daily. Their combos range from $9 to $12, depending on toppings, sides and drinks.
My favorite parts: the dipping sauces for the fries and the "house special sauce" used for the burgers.
They have a commitment in making sure a burger is cooked to temperature-perfection, they can be ordered from rare to well-done.
In short: nice selection of burger toppings, fries can be had plain or with spicy seasoning or truffle, milkshakes are made with local Bassett's Ice Cream.
Wants: veggie burger option, pepper jack cheese, and condiments Sriracha mayo and some kinda straight up hot sauce like Frank's.What I like:
the variety of toppings and choices for the burger. The burger itself is decent and I am the type of person to put EVERYTHING on my food so that's a happy option to have.
What I don't like:
the taste of the fries.
granted, I didn't get the truffle sauce which I heard was "like crack", but the fries alone were not very decent at all.I was very excited to try out 500 degrees, after reading all the positive yelp reviews. Suffice to say, I was disappointed.
the burger was good -- great even! -- perfectly cooked (medium rare, like they recommend), and high-quality beef. Yum!  But the bun was weird (too big, and strange-tasting) and the fries were disgusting. Let me explain;
500 degrees offers 3 varieties of fries: regular, "spicy" and "truffle." I went with 2 friends and we each tried a different variety. To start, the food all came in one giant bag, with nothing labeled...so it took a good while to sort out what was what. The regular fries were sorta your average fast-food fries. Ok, but nothing special. My "spicy" fries were exactly the same except covered in Old Bay. Still, there was something off about the taste, I couldn't put my finger on. They tasted...moldy, almost, and like they had sopped up 2000 pounds of grease. Yuck. Which brings me to the truffle fries, which were so disgusting that one bite completely killed my appetite and left me feeling nauseous for the rest of the day. What do they put in these? I have no idea, but it is GROSS.
The service here left much to be desired as well. The guy behind the counter was rude, and when I asked him for a refill on my Diet Coke (which was -- no joke -- 80% ice, with about 2 sips of soda), he told me "No can do." Umm, ok. 
The interior was cramped, with a few tables everyone seemed to be fighting over. The 2-stars here are for the burger -- the only thing worthwhile in this place.I was really excited to find that I was two doors down from this place and decided to go here instead of my planned trip to Shake Shack. The first thing I noticed was how small it was. However, this wasn't a problem since I was the only one there. The self service soda fountain is nice. The place was clean and attractive. 
I ordered the 500 burger and regular fries. My better half got the truffle fries. Those two fries are exactly the same except for some spray bottle crap that they barely put on the truffle fries. $1 more for a spray bottle and they didn't taste any different. Other than that, the plain shoestring fries are quite good, nice and crispy. I just don't see what this truffle fries thing is all about.
The burger was super hot and well cooked, but it was served with a cold bun and equally cold toppings. They didn't warm up as you ate it either. The flavor in the meet was acceptable but I've had better. The bread was terrible, super thick and overpowering. 
The shakes were pretty darn good, though. I would stop in for one of those again.
Since the place is small, the kitchen is right there at the seating area. There is no divider other than the soda fountain. The crew that was working there was very loud and annoying. They were ranting about music, singing, rapping, and just being vocally annoying. It was probably the worst part of my visit.I don't consider myself a burger expert like some people, but like the Supreme Court's definition of pornography, I know a great burger when I taste it.  500 Degrees serves a great burger, at a very fair price.  I've had the regular burger and the kobe beef burger, and I highly recommend spending the extra $3 for the kobe.  A few years ago that upgrade would have cost you $40 in some places, so enjoy the bargain.  My kobe burger was beef heaven.  The regular burgers are great also, and the fries are very good. 
     I wouldn't recommend coming here to sit and eat nearly as much as taking out, but you can sit if you're lucky.  This is a great late night takeout spot and a bargain among top notch burgers.Five star cause this place was open when I needed it at 1am!!!! Got a regular burger with garlic Parmesan fries and let me tell you, even tho I was kinda drunk I enjoyed every bite of it! Absolutely delicious and the people there were very nice!Quality has gone down since my last visit. My office placed a large order over the phone, the man taking the order seemed confused & annoyed. We picked up the order, once back at the office, various items were missing.
Taste of food (I can only speak for myself) wasn't what I expected for how much we paid. 
I got a turkey burger which was somewhat burned, bun was stale and garlic parm fries tasted like nothing but oil. 
I wouldn't go back for a large order, may be a different experience if its an individual order & they're paying more attention.Do the truffle shuffle!  The truffle fries are genius.  
Pick any burger you want.  Four stars only because the dry, thick roll they use for the bun does not do justice to the burger!  Don't bring the cow down!  It's delicious as it is!"Keep It Simple, Stupid!". The KISS principle is a longtime organizational staple, and the owners of 500 Degrees have very much taken it to heart. Burgers, fries, drinks... That's it.
Compared to big chain fast food this is clearly the better choice, but the prices are higher and service slower since everything is made to order. The longer wait is still tolerable as of this writing, but I fear it won't be if 500 Degrees becomes more popular.very cute little burger shop. Figured I should try it out. I like the hippie vibe. The burger itself, however, was a bit underseasoned and mushy. Cashier is pretty nice and served me with a smile.My friend called it an upscale Shake Shack. Awesome hours, great way to end a good night. I got the "Upside" which had arugula, bacon, and a runny egg accompanying a juicy medium rare burger. Garlic Parmesan fries were bit greasy for my taste, but hell, we finished every crumb anyways.Definitely a fan! small cozy little establishment with sleek decor.
Truffle fries are definitely top notch, slim and crispy french fries fried to a golden brown perfection well seasoned with truffle oil that goes AMAZINGLY well with their "500 Burger"!
I had "500 Burger" medium rare and it came just the way I liked it. What a wonderfully moist, succulent and juicy burger it was! Crisp lettuce, sweet red tomatoes, crispy bacon with their special tangy 500 sauce served on top of a deliciously well prepared burger patty with a brioche bun.
Will definitely look forward to coming back once again!After reading all the reviews, positive and negative, I decided it was finally time to take the plunge this Saturday afternoon.  Since my kids play sports on weekends, the time of a late lunch (around 1:45) seemed perfect for a spot which normally is known for long lines.
When we arrived, there were no lines, but there WERE precious few seats.  Two long tables that seat about six, and some counter space along the wall (which could also probably seat six, but we were four, and the counter seats were spaced out by singles, making the prospect of us eating together as a family pretty slim.  However, I had not counted on the prep time being significantly longer than the Five Guys to which we have grown accustomed.  While waiting for our orders (behind about 5 other single orders) , a group of four was able to leisurely finish their meal, vacating their seats just in time for us to snag them before another family walked in.
Where Five Guys has learned the art of "Production Line" cook-to-order by having "specialists" work the respective stations of counter cashier, grill, fryer, toppings,  assembly etc. 500F has TWO guys working at their own pace to do the same job (with a more limited menu.)   While the counter guy was friendly enough, and able to crack a joke or two (he also was in charge of milkshakes) both he and the cook worked at a pace less than adequate to handle the volume this business does. I'm not saying they were slow (to the contrary, especially the cook worked like a madman, flipping between grilling, frying, saucing and plating.) Incidentally, he slipped on a fresh pair of latex gloves between each serving.)
The burgers are, in fact, tasty, and cooked-to-order unlike the well-done-only policy of Five Guys.  Because of this, 500F does not need the 70-30 lean to fat ratio of Five Guys to make a moist burger.  500F tasted much less greasy, and of higher quality beef.  Mine was cooked a perfect medium rare, as were my son and daughter's.  My wife, unfortunately, had to pay the penalty of the cook's inability to deal with the volume and complexity of  orders, and her burger was pretty much raw inside (though ordered medium rare.)  We don't even mind rare, but this was tartare.  Because it was doused in Blue Cheese etc. it was not an item that could have been returned to the grill for a minute to rectify.
500F has a HOT grill which SEARS the hell out of the meat.  This is what makes these burgers so standout,  Here is the scientific explanation:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maillard_reaction
The caramelized nature of these burgers is the key to their delicious flavor.  This can't be matched by high-fat beef on a low-heat griddle being smashed by a weight ( a serious no-no to real burger chefs, but necessary to squeeze SOME of the fat out of a Five Guys burger.  The brioche buns were fresh and soft, and  a perfect compliment to a premium burger.
We ordered two truffle fries, one plain and one spicy.  We got one truffle fries, THREE plain and one spicy,  I appreciated the extra order, but would have preferred the correct one.  This was not a situation where one had the leisure to dicker with the staff over what you received if it was a trifle (not to be confused with a truffle.)  The nature of shoestring fries is that they cool down VERY quickly, especially if sprinkled with stuff (like vinegar.)  I do not believe these are fresh-cut fries.  They tasted like very high-quality frozen ones, but I much prefer the fries from Five Guys (where you KNOW the origin of the spuds.)  500F fries are better than average, but for a joint that sells nothing BUT burgers and fries, you are right to expect everything to be spectacular.
Shakes were very good (freshly made with great care) and the soda fountain had pretty cool stuff with real sugar (like Alex's Lemonade.)
I guess I'd go back if I were walking past it on the way to Chris' Jazz Cafe' or something, but would not drive back from Bala Cynwyd and pay to park (though the lot up the street only whacked us $5.00 because we were in and out inside of an hour.)
There was no indication at the location that credit cards were accepted, so I ended up paying cash.  I was subsequently notified via email that cards ARE accepted, so no need to tap MAC heavily before entering.  
In all, the burger is on a par with Rouge, which means it, in itself, is a bargain if taken in that context.  I would, at this point, make an effort to stay away from busy times, and go when the chef has time to work under no duress.  There is not enough space in the grill area to accommodate a crew of five, but I think if the owners would splurge on ONE third hand, they would be able to crank out orders much more efficiently and correctly (meaning more repeat business.)  As it stands, I'm sure their lack of complaints is only due to well-bred clientele who don't talk with their mouths full.one of the best turkey burgers ive ever had....better to eat here when not so busy..best topping ive tried so far is jalepeno jack cheese, potato crisp, fresh jalepenos, and chipotle ketchup.....the truffle fries are amazing as well especially with the house sauceYummy truffle fries and great burger! Depending on what you want to get on your burger, it may be cheaper to get individual toppings. The line could get ridiculous during lunch hour and I wish they could be more organized when they get busy. But they can forget and mess up your order. So be on top of it! It's totally worth the wait!Awesome burgers and great frys.  Not cheap (11$ for burger, frys and drink), but better taste then Shake Shack in NYC, or Bobby's Burger's in Univ City.  I love their fry sauce with the truffle frys. 5 Guys will give you more food for the money, but the quality here is much better.The burger was bursting with flavor, but it just wasn't big enough for the price. If I remember correctly, it was the size of a large cupcake. The fries were flavorful, but sliced a little too thin for my taste. I eat my fries with a fork (or not at all) and it was a challenge. I'm spoiled by 5 Guys refills' so I was a bit miffed at the 1 and done playoff style fountain drinks. (straight faced)
The ambiance was cool though. I won't be going back. I left unfulfilled. I went the week after it first opened, I wonder if it has changed much. Great location though.Okay - so opening day of the famed 500 Degrees.  Burgers that were supposedly based on the famous Rouge burgers that can be considered one of the few shining lights in the city of Philadelphia these days.  That and our penchant for flashmobs...
I showed up to 500 Degrees with a friend at about 7:30 and was relieved to find that the line was short.  I decided to go with the #5 Combo - that being the 500 burger (cheddar cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and their "special" sauce) done medium-well (Their FAVORITE), fries and my choice of soda for 9.75.  I went with root beer and truffle fries because thats how gangsters roll.
The price came to 11.07 which seemed a bit high based on the quick mental calculations of tax that my sweet brain is capable of but I didn't say anything - Indeed the cashier charged me for each item separately which ended up being more than the combo savings. An auspicious start.  My friend was overcharged too by the way - his order was the same as mine except with a milk shake.  He is not a gangster. 
So I got my root beer and my ticket and made off to an empty spot at a table.  Mind you this place is quite small for the volume of people - there is not much seating and no standing room so if you go during a busy time expect to eat it on the sidewalk while the homeless look on with jealousy fueled rage. 
I took my first sip of the root beer and realized their machine is off - it was way watered down and barely carbonated.  Hmm...getting a little concerned here.  At this point I'm thinking that this place doesn't really have its act together - which is fine for the first day being open, but if you're charging 11 bucks for a burger and fries I think everything should be spot on. 
After waiting for about 3 minutes or so our tickets get called and I grab my food and return to my table with my root beer water.  As I unwrap the burger I can see through the paper that this thing is not very big at all.  Its tall yes...but its circumfrence is about the size of a pint glass maybe. Close your eyes....visualize.....Okay let's continue.  I dig into the bag and grab truffle fries - OH YES - they're amazing just like I remember, not even a long draw from the rbw (root beer water) can drown out the immense garlicky truffly flavor of these fries.  They're awesome, gangster approved.  The fries come with 2 dipping sauces, a garlicky mayo and a smokey mayo.  Meh, other places have done dipping sauces better. 
"But Chris 500 degrees is a burger joint...What about the BURGER?!"  
An astute observation. 
This is a burger joint and inevitably must be judged on the purpose of its existence...the hamburger.   
Appearance: The bread is a nice brioche roll - it was a little dry, not the greatest but better than a generic bun.  The tomato did not look very good.  Rather old and judging by the prodding I gave it with my finger...extremely mealy.  It was not juicy and firm like a ripe tomato should be.  Disgusting.  The lettuce...well its green and not much else.  2 VERY SMALL strips of sad looking shriveled overcooked bacon sat upon a small dabbing of cheddar cheese.  The patty is quite small and very greasy looking.  It is NOT a very good looking burger under the hood. The special sauce is.....well I guess pretty special because I can't even see it.  It's not on the burger.  My friend ordered jalapenos on his burger and upon inspection the maestro crafter of artisan burgers in the kitchen thew the peppers on the burger so they were all on one side of his patty in a pile - I'd feel bad for him if he didn't look and took a bite out of that side.  Just really really sloppy amateur work.
Judging on appearance this burger is not going to be very good.  My parents told me to not be judgemental so at this point I'm still hoping that I wil be satisfied where it counts....IN MY MOUTH.  So let's have a bite...chomp
*Munch Munch Munch
Sip of RBW....
*Munch Munch
Okay.....Refund Please? 
For all the hype and the high prices and the chic atmosphere - this burger tasted as bad as it looked...actually thats not true...it didn't taste like anything.  
The bun was a little dry, tomato was very mealy and old tasting which is unforgiveable to serve in an eatery, the bacon was overcooked, I could not taste the cheese (probably because there was so little), there was no special sauce and the patty, which was meant to be cooked medium rare, was RAW.  Completely uncooked inside.  The outside was brown and thats it.  It had no salty carmelized flavor that makes a good burger.  I had to douse it in sauces just to make it edible.  
In their defense they did go around asking how everything was..I didn't say anything because I'm not confrontational...gangsters settle things with guns not words. 
I hope these shortcomings are just growing pains and 500 will eventually get its act together.  I like the idea of the place, just not their burgers.  A lot of places in philly do it better.It was getting late and Five Guys was closed. So I thought 500 Degrees would be a good choice. WRONG! Granted, the burger was cooked to my liking, but I was completely turned off by finding not just 1, but 2 hairs in it. Neither of which definitely were mine. I would have said something had I consumed the burger at the restaurant. In this instance, I ordered it to go. The way it looked had to have been facial hair. I highly suggest that employees with facial hair on the longer side should wear beard guards or some kind of restraint so incidents like mine are less likely to occur. When hair that isn't yours gets into your food, it's absolutely disgusting and spoils your appetite! You've been warned, people. Also, I asked for mustard on my burger and didn't taste it at all. So suspect that they forgot, which was very disappointing.Absolutely delicious and perfectly cooked burgers that are not too big.  A little more expensive than 5 guys - but much better.
A great place for a haute-fast-food burger fix.
I got mine "Classic" with Cheddar.
No fries, no shake for me.  The burger was just enuf.Overpriced and horrible!!! I went there last night and created a yelp just for this. The burger was not seasoned at all... Not under seasoned, not seasoned. The $1 upcharge "gourmet" blue cheese was sparsely placed on the patty which was accompanied by one piece of lettuce and tomato which also cost me extra... Extra for lettuce? Really??? Yes!!!! Then the fries were crunchy, not crispy but straight up raw, and keeping with their apparent "no salt in house" theme these too were plain. So my raw fries, burger with lettuce and tomato, and a drink came to $16!!! All for me to literally throw it all away. Way to go 500, maybe you were overwhelmed with the two other people who had ordered the entire time I was there.The burgers are good with a good variety of toppings, and the truffle fries are yummy, but the service - oh the service!  After ordering a burger with guac, I checked my receipt and noticed that the guac wasn't entered into the order.  I told the cashier and she apologized and said she'd take care of it.  I saw her go to the cook and tell him.  They laughed about something and I thought it was taken care of.  When I got my order - no guac, and even worse, no apologies.  It's too bad because there's so much potential for this Philly burger joint.After a second visit, I found myself enjoying the options that 500 Degrees offers (to claim to offer a kobe burger at only $8.95 is actually kind of surprising...). Shared a 500 and a Prime burger the last time, and while it wasn't blow-your-mind quality, I think they treated the burger right, though I'd like to have seen a toasted bun and toppings that weren't so hastily slung together. The bun also happens to be really thick, which I don't happen to be too big a fan of, especially when it doesn't add to the flavor of the beef. My medium-rare burger wasn't very much on the rare side either. I was taken, however, but the housemade sauces, especially the fries sauce, which I'm still trying to figure out in terms of ingredients. Definitely ask for it if you're ordering a side of fries. 
The place can get crowded and I think all the benches and communal tables can get a little cluttered. Service was so-so, too. The lady at the counter had the deadpan look the entire time I was ordering. The staff seemed far more interested in talking to one another than with addressing customers.I had the burger and reg. fries and both were good.  Yes I would go back when I need a burger fix!  The service was good to, very helpful.
I guess it best to go when less crowded (da) lol!500 is a small burger/Fry/shake joint in the heart of Center City
Food: Burger, not bad. Cooked as I asked, multiple cheeses to choose from. The Fries look hand cut, toppings are interesting. Tasted pretty darn good
Atmosphere: Small space to order, small space to stand in line, small place to eat and boy is it LOUD. Why do eateries find the high ceiling, loud space all the rage? 
Ordering: Impacted by the general loudness. Constant mistakes in ordering, including my own and my lunch partner 
I had to give only three stars for the loudness, try going at an odd hour, 11:15, or 1:30 perhaps!I've tried this place twice now.  I build my own burger with cheese and some toppings and call it a day.  The first time there the burger had way too much seasoning on it, making it really salty.  More recently, I gave it another shot and it tasted like it had no seasoning at all.  The burger was big, so that's a plus and the bacon on it was thick, another plus, but overall I was not impressed.  If I'm going to pig out on a bad for me burger, I'm going to head over to 5 guys instead.Mmmmm!  Great burgers, real sugar sodas like orange cream and birch beer, a variety of french fries and dipping sauces.. what *more* could you ask for?  This isn't some fancy pants burger place like Village Whisky - it's a walk-up, order, and stake your claim kinda place.  Perfect for when you're in the neighborhood and craving a fast, delicious burger. Not the best burger in the city but definitely better than Shake Shack or even your typical pub.I just got a burger here.  They gave me a very well done burger when I asked for medium rare.  I returned the burger and they apologized and made me a new one.  The new one was also well done.  These people just don't know how to make a burger any other way besides well done.A great burger place that cares about its food and customers.  They are a quick and convenient option, but not in the way that takes away from quality.  The meat is delicious and cooked to appropriate temperature.  The bun is not your average sesame seed coated white bread; it's got substance and flavor.  The fries honestly have a similar taste to McDonalds fries but have better texture and a little more depth.  Mine happened to be a little too salty but I can imagine that they approximate the amount of salt they put on the fries and this was a one-time occurrence.  I would definitely go back when I'm in the mood for a burger!Too much hype - maybe thats becasue of Facebook??? The original Rouge burger left Rouge years ago (the place is not what it once was...), so this is really a hyrid of a copy. But its not all bad. Pros: Brioche - but this has nothing to do with anything. Wait staff seems courteous and attentive (compared to five guys anyway). Food comes up quick (and its definately NOT fast food, its good quality) Fries (regular) are fantastic! Cons: Truffle fries - just dont get it, there are no truffles in truffle oil, when are people going to figure that out. speciality sauces were bland, nothing exiting and I am a special sauce nut (sophies green sauce anyone). The burger was just ok. Having said all this, it will probably be my go to as I can no longer stand going into 5 guys and then having to wait 10 minutes (they say its 7 or 8 but its always longer) - although 5 guys burger is better in my opinion. Square burger is ok but is on an island and a pain to get to.  PYT is terribly awful and I feel guitly going to Wendys. Elevation will definatly give this place a run for its money.  I have a feeling this will go the way of GoodBurger, although 500 degrees is way better, actually no comparison.Several months ago I decided to give 500 another chance and even though my first time back my toppings were messed up, Rob was there and he immediatelly fixed the issue. Today I went in with my completed burger card and was ready for my free combo. Heather told me that I was not allowed to get the soda, burger, and fries despite that each was earned on the card. I explained to her that I have cashed in cards before in this way and in prior conversations with other staff and Rob was never told this was no longer acceptable. I asked to speak to Rob and she barked to me that he was not there but she would give it to me for free but that I would have to pay for my bacon, cheese, and mushrooms. The last time i cashed in my card there were no such charges. Heather then went on a rant about some guy named Dave that works there and is telling people they can get the combo with the card and she has to deal with it. The next several minutes were extremely uncomfortable the cook started to make snide remarks to Heather about my asking for a free combo. I wanted to leave but I had paid for my toppings so I felt like I had to stay at this point. So even though they had started to win me back over, I am now inclined to go elswhere. There are a lot more burger options in Philly these day including shops that also have truffle fries. Perhaps Heather will learn a bit about how to treat a customer before she chases more of them away.I don't mean to sound jaded but it really does seem like there are a plethora of hamburger focused joints popping up everywhere, as such what use to be appreciated now for me is a bit over done. I thought 500 Degrees had a nice menu, with the typical crazy topping options and boasting their house sauces. My husband was thrilled by the great soda selections incluidng Cherry and Birch. The fries were tasty and I liked that they offered truffle as an option. But they were pretty much on par with many of the other dedicated burger bars you find in any metro areas these days and of course the prices are on the higher end for a burger. My one complaint was that they seemed to be having a cooking issue on the day we were there and anyone looking for a medium or well burger was out of luck as most of the stuff coming out was on the rare side. Was it a good experience? Yes? Would I run back? No.Becoming a regluar here quickly. Kevin, the head cook, is amazing with food. He can do it all and loves to talk about it to. Whether it's a burger with chorizo and guac, or the go-to Turbo burger, it's always perfect. Great people, great food. 
Always try the sauces they have, all homemade, all great.  The specialty sodas are delicious and unique.
Would reccommend to anyone.It's on my favorite list of burger places in Philly.
What I ate: Build your own burger, Fries, Chocolate Milkshake
Just warning all of you, if you are an indecisive eater you might want to plan what you want beforehand. Also if you're not into eating pricey burgers, then stick to cheaper fast-food chains. What I really love about this place is that I get the power to decide my fate (in what will be inside my burger).  I usually get: one medium-rare burger patty, guac, grilled onions, cheddar, and chipotle ketchup. They know how to cook their burgers! Their fries are alright, and their milkshakes of course taste how they're supposed to taste (thick, creamy, and sweet). I recommend eating here during the fall or spring (or get to-go), they don't have central air so during the summer you're just sweating while eating a hot burger and they also have limited seating.We went here on a Saturday night. That was probably the first mistake. There was about 2 other couples in the place when we arrived.  We approached the counter and the cashier and one other employee just sat there staring at their phones. They seemed bothered when we tried to get their attention and gave us nothing but attitude as we ordered. The whole place was dirty with trash all over the floor as well as the tables. The food was average, but the service disgusted us. If this is how much care they take in up-keeping the place, I'd hate to see how the food is handled and kitchen cleaned.What a burger!!  And that shake, delicious, oh and yes, I would like fries with that.  Medium rare burger with bacon and a fresh baked bun with cheese melted perfectly all over.  It's like a protein porno in your mouth.  Woah, too much.What is better than a burger joint that is open til 3am? So I went there the other night and the service was a littler on the slower side. I would say 15-20 min wait. The worst part about it is that it's next to rumor and a lot of drunk people wander in screaming. On top of that it gets really crowded and space becomes really tight. 
Lets get to the good stuff. So I ordered the classic combo and this is what I thought.
The quality of the meat was pretty good, not as great as say Butcher and Singer or PYT, but still pretty decent. The temperature was pretty fair, I would not say spot on but I would have to cut them some slack since it was at 1:45 am and they were swamped. Ideally I would need to try it again at a different time when they are not as crowded and on their "A" game. The fries I thought were pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of how they add extra oil (even though it was so good!) after they had been cooked. If you stand at the counter, you'll see what I mean. Without a doubt, I'll definitely be back there.This place was great. I was in a mood for a burger that wasn't Five Guys (which is my favorite), and stumbled upon 500 Degrees.  The burgers tasted home made and the buns were very delicious. The fries weren't bad either. It was a great urban style place to eat. I highly recommend eating here for lunch!Burgers are great but I often come here just for the fries. Truffle fries are amazing, and even the regular ones are great with the house or fry sauces (which come free - I dread the day they start charging like most other places do). 
Expect a crowd during lunchtime or late night. Recently spotted in a scene on "The Office" so you know it's been noted by someone in Hollywood.The turkey burger just wasn't as good as some I've had at other Philly burger places and the truffle fries were a disappointment. I wish I had a better report, I really do. There was just less flavor in both items than I had hoped for before visiting. Not sure we will be back :(Its an acceptable burger but it doesn't give me that post burger eating period of happiness.  It felt almost healthy which I never want with a burger.  Their regular fries were nothing interesting... in fact I don't even remember them.  The milk shake is good though.  
The real rouge burger (at $19) is really good though.  I was hoping for something more like that (what was I thinking!?).I went here expecting something more, however have been consistently disappointed. Duck fat Fries [If still serving] were the selling point, an overpriced menu that doesn't suggest organic, or otherwise beef is detract-able for the price point. I enjoy [curse me if you may for consumption] rare burgers, i want that tender morsel to melt in my mouth with buttery delicate flavor [At the price point]. However, it seems, a rare [you can order it but not expect it] does not arrive as such has been requested, at best hope for a medium. Topping selection and Specialty burgers might be the go to for some, however i walked out with satisfaction they served Birch Beer. That is all.500 Degrees is a much welcome addition to Philadelphia's growing burger scene.  Rouge owners Maggie and Bob Wasserman have taken the success of their famous burger and given it a shop of its own.  The meat is cooked to order and comes out to juicy perfection, complemented with your choice of fresh, gourmet toppings like bibb lettuce and local cheddar.
However, I'm not just coming back for the burgers.  The fries are equally amazing, if not better, and could easily stand alone as a great post-bar snack.  Don't even think of ordering anything but the truffle fries: a heap of golden-fried julienne potatoes tossed with white truffle oil and salt.  They smell like heaven and taste even better.
Absolutely recommend this place to anyone who happens to be in Center City and is looking for a quality burger lunch.Went in, first time. Weird layout, kind of small space but they make the best of it. I only wanted a burger. I'm getting fat so I avoided all of the sides/drinks etc. So, I tried the 500 Burger. This thing was delicious. Can't think of a better burger I've had in recent time. Cooked to perfection, I added sweet onions which added to the delight. Will be back. Great food.After a day touring the monuments of downtown Philadelphia in the pouring rain (crazy? yes, and starving) we reviewed our options for dinner. Although there were plenty of sophisticated choices, once we heard about 500 Degrees everyone headed in that direction. Sometimes you just need a burger.
This casual sit-down place was so well-run it was hard to believe it wasn't a chain, but sure enough, the website lists this as its only location (with promises to deliver more soon.) The setup inside is pretty simple: a large menu on the wall lists half a dozen pre-composed burgers and 40 different options for customizing your own, from a vegetarian portobello "patty" to wild boar bacon and fresh mozzarella. There were also six different fry options. Looking back, I wish I had pondered the list more -- there are some amazing things on it, like the ability to peppercorn-crust your burger (um, YES) or add grilled onion. 
But, as I said, we were starving, so I chose the Upside, which boasted arugula, a potato crisp and a sunny-side-up egg. It also featured braised bacon, which did not sound good to me (I prefer crispy) so I ordered regular bacon. And I didn't waver for a second in my decision to order truffle fries. Are you kidding?!
My companions ordered their food and we all sat down to wait. There weren't many other people in there at first, but for some reason it took longer than I would have thought to cook a burger and fries. During this period we sat down, wishing in vain for a place to hang our sopping wet coats, and got drinks. They had a great variety of natural sodas (black cherry, orange cream, root beer) plus Coke standbys and several varieties of home-brewed iced teas. The honeyed green tea was amazing. Their milkshakes sounded great, too, but not in near-freezing weather.
Finally our burgers came, and we were not disappointed. The outside was a little charred from cooking it at a surface temperature of 500 degrees (hence the name) but the inside was juicy and warm. My husband and I each ordered medium burgers; mine was more like medium-well, barely pink, but his was very pink. Truthfully, I prefer my burgers medium-well but have learned to order medium as they are frequently overcooked. Perhaps the chefs could sense this? 
The meat was delicious, the arugula fresh (though I wished there were more) and the potato crisp a great addition -- like a crunchy latke. The egg was great, too, but definitely undercooked as the white was still not set and the yolk completely runny. This was fine by me (I like my eggs lightly cooked) but when I tried to pick the burger up, the yolk popped and the whole thing slid apart into an irretrievable mess. I found a fork and ate it anyway -- it was delicious! -- but they need to rethink their cooking time. 
My fries were incredible, crispy and truffle-scented, and my husband's (fried garlic and Parmesan with chopped herbs) were even better. On that note, I appreciated that their prices varied according to the cost of the item -- toppings from 25 cents to $1.50 and fries at $2.75 for plain or $4.25 for the specialty ones we ordered. At $15 per person, this meal was not cheap, but it was very high-quality and I would definitely come back to try some more options! I would definitely skip the destructive egg, however.I give this place 4 stars for the food. But unfortunately I have to take away a star from the bad customer service we received. I had a few questions but decided not to ask them due to the feeling I was inconveniencing the cashier by just walking through the door.Fine burger.  I had higher expectations.  If you're looking for a decent burger and fries quickly this is the place.My wife and I wanted a burger (correction I wanted a burger). 
I had the Kobe beef burger w jalapeños, and the truffle fires. So good. She had the prime lettuce tomatoe and sweet onions, excellent.
You may think the extra 2 dollars for the truffle fries may not be worth it. Omgosh it is so worth it. 
Highly recommended.They messed with the burger.  I know there was a bit of controversy over the bread and the size of the patty, but I really liked the original version.
Now, they are just like every other burger joint- giant patty that is flat.  The bun is too thin to handle the juices flowing out.  Bah.  
The fries were better- not as many which is fine with me- crispy and perfectly salted.   They used to be a bit limp.