I love salted cheese with black tea from Happy Lemon.  Ordered the same for A La Mousse.   It came in a tall beer glass, top with a thick layer of milk foam.  For the few sips,  I got only the foams.  After a few sips, finally able to have the perfect sip with both in the mouth.  While it looks better in a tall beer glasses,  it is not the perfect glass for this tea.  The tea actually tasted really good and cost $3.  Will order it again.Really distinct selection for Chinatown, very friendly service, and downright delicious desserts. The matcha mousse cake with matcha ice cream was excellent, and went great with their coffee. I also got to try the tiramisu, which was wonderful. My crew was looking for bubble tea (which A La Mousse does have), and found so much more. I'll definitely be back.We ordered the Harvest, Lava cake and foam milk tea and they were delicious! Hot foam milk tea smells nice but the ice foam milk tea is also fantastic! 
Must try their lava cake, they make it fresh. 
Services was great too! Strongly recommend if you were near by.Everything here is AMAZING! Best dessert place in Philadelphia hands down!!! I love how the desserts are not too sweet just right. If you haven't been you must go.I ordered lava cake with butterscotch ice cream. It was very tasty and cheap compared to other places!
I  absolutely recommend it!I'm a fan. This little place is just a few blocks from work and it's always a nice quick stop for a bite and a coffee after a particularly strenuous day. I love the chocolate mouse in whatever they make with it and their coffee is pretty good. 3.5 stars, rounded up.Great dessert. I love the matcha mille crepe.  Also very fair price. Would definitely come again!What a jewel box of a cafe. Charming, spotless, the most beautiful desserts. I had the matcha panna cotta and savored every bite. Not to be missed!I recently went back to A La Mousse on my birthday 12/21/2016. I felt like the atmosphere of this cafe changed. It was definitely much more crowded with loud obnoxious people. The staff changed so I also felt as if the quality of service has slightly decreased maybe because I went on a day where the usual staff isn't there. Even despite of the service, the desserts were as scrumcious as ever.A cute and unique dessert spot! Unfortunately when I went (at 10pm) they had already run out of the crepe cake which is what I wanted to try. I tried a bit of the sizzling ice cream, tiramisu and cheesecake though and they were all pretty good. Definite points for presentation.First time here and I doubt I'll ever be back.  I came in thinking I could order the Panna Cotta to go, but they told me it was dine in only; I get it, it had a ball of ice cream to go with it, but it could've been put into a container and I would've still ate it in the car or something.
I was a bit disappointed but decided to give this place a chance and selected their Strawberry Mousse Cake.  Lady said it was $7 something so I gave her my credit card...and that's when I found out I can't pay with a card unless it's over $10.  Welp, all I had was $100 or the card, she made the exception to take the card.
Got home and was super disappointed.  The sponge cake part was super dry; not even a glass of milk was able to help it out.
I don't think I'll be making an effort to go back.One of my favorite spots ever in philly. Their desserts are amazing, especially for any matcha lover. They have the best matcha lattes in proximity of Penn's campus for sure. 
The matcha mousse cake is probably my favorite, followed by the matcha tiramisu. You'd save a lot by taking your dessert to go, although the tea-ramisu can't be taken to go. Definitely stop by!!A La Mousse has a very trendy rustic/modern/clean feel. I've been here several times and have not been disappointed by their dessert. I would highly recommend the triple chocolate mousse. 
This is a pretty nice spot to do some work. I wish they had a few more outlets for people to plug in their laptops for work. 
I'm not a huge fan of their $5 credit card limit but it is Chinatown. I would probably frequent this place way more often if there were outlets and no $5 limit.I this bakery is like no other. They have really you need to start and are very creative with their menu. Everything is good, you can't go wrong here. Service is good, definitely a place to visit if you've ever been to Philadelphia. Definitely more of a casual atmosphere. The decor is very cool.Yum! Cute little place for some after dinner dessert. There are so many desserts to choose from. We enjoyed a Lychee Panna Cotta and a Triple Chocolate.A La Mousse has pretty much become my go-to dessert spot. Let's start with the staff--I have never been greeted more warmly than I have been here. Since it's become an almost weekly stop for me, the staff seem very happy to see me; kind of like meeting with family around the holidays. 
A La Mousse provides the best of grab and go, as well as dine in. I've come more accustomed to dining in just to experience their "dine in" versions of their desserts. The presentation comes second to none, plus the addition of a little ice cream doesn't hurt, either. 
I have never had a below excellence experience here, as I often struggle with what to choose to purchase because everything is so delicious. A La Mousse's milk foam rose black tea with boba has changed my life. 
Give this place a shot. You will surely not be disappointed. And lest we forget, their wooden table tops provide a great base for awesome Instagram shots!This place is soooo worth it! Especially if you love matcha or the taste of green tea. 
We came on a late night and it was still packed. I can see there being a long wait but we were lucky and got seats. Service was also very quick. Unfortunately they had run out of the matcha layer crepe cake already, though, vanilla was really good.
I got a coconut matcha latte and it was great. The matcha wasn't overpowering, nor was the coconut, and it wasn't too sweet (if you're looking for a Starbucks Frappuccino level sweetness, this might not work for you). The crepe layer cake though!!! I've never had anything like it. Again, it wasn't too sweet but it was deliciously moist with the texture you'd expect-- each bite consists of very thin layers of crepe separated by light creamy goodness between. 
Definitely coming back...even though I live in the DC area!This used to be my go-to cafe joint to study or get some good coffee as I am a student nearby. The atmosphere is great, they don't have too many plugs though to study or work on the computer. 
I dropped by yesterday and I've noticed there was a change in a lot of the staff or possibly the management.  I had asked the difference between some drinks and the new staff really didn't take the time to explain the drinks thorough for me. In the past, the staff was the reason why I chose to come to this cafe instead of others in chinatown as they were very genuine and remembered me as a regular customer. Though I have no problems with the store itself, I feel it doesn't have that extra care to customers anymore beyond someone who buys their products.literally a must when going to chinatown now. the service is phenomenal and the quality of their food is great. portions are a bit small for the price, but the quality of the desserts are really good. I have tried the sizzling ice cream, green tea-r-amisu and the harvest. I also tried their mango fruit tea and not one thing has disappointed me yet.Milk foam Rose Black Tea is awesome! Ice Coffee with cream and sugar was too sweet but still good. Mango milk shake was very good, too. I will definitely come back next time when I visit Philly again.Very unique place, creative food ideas and it gives it a colorful look. Very interesting as well. Sweet place.the desserts are good, but a little overpriced. tried the sizzling matcha brownie which was all right (and frankly over-hyped), but the lychee panna cotta was delicious.Overall a good bakery with really well plated desserts. From the desserts I've tried, I think the flavors could be a little richer personally. Will definitely stop by again though.Got the matcha sizzling brownie! It was really good, only complain is that the ice cream serving was small.Very happy to have found this great dessert spot! I tried the tofu cheesecake- delicious! My BF had the chocolate mousse cake and loved it. The menu had many interesting options and I am looking forward to going back to try the matcha cake and green tiramisu. The vibe was really friendly and it's a great place for friends to hang out or a casual date. 2 thumbs up!!What do you get after a hearty meal in Chinatown? MATCHA DESSERTS!
Whether you order to go or dine-in, A La Mousse offers up some great matcha desserts for your sweet tooth. They have an array of sweets from cheesecakes to parfaits, with hot/iced beverages to quench your thirst afterwards.
The cafe ambiance inside was fantastic. A couple of tables that seat four with a majority of high tables close to the windows really light up the area. I especially admired the giant wooden wall clock they had- my friend told me I should DIY one at home for myself. However, it's an overall small cafe so you may have trouble finding a seat.
My friend and I split the Matcha Cheesecake ($7.95) paired with ice cream. This was exactly what we wanted with its creamy texture and lovely presentation. Our White Mocha Matcha Lattes ($4.25) tasted as you would expect with the green tea flavor. However, it came out rather lukewarm for the both of us when we expected them to be piping hot.
I enjoyed our stay and only wished our matcha lattes were hotter. I wasn't too upset because the cheesecake made it all worthwhile. Next time I'm in town, I'll be sure to drop by again.This sweet little shop hangs out on 11th, just north of Arch Street. When you walk-in the decor is simple and inviting. It's modern and clean. You can pick up desserts or boba tea to go or can opt to stay in and be served. The desserts are cute and petite. Everything from tiramisu resembling a little potted plant to green tea mille crepes.
The green tea cake was light and airy, and the serving size was enough for two people. I'd say it's a bit too spongy for my taste though. The tiramisu was decent enough, but not particularly special other than the presentation. 
I keep it at 3 and not a 4 because of the service. It was very delayed before we had someone come over to take our order, and even more so to receive the order and our bill. I'd definitely give it another try, and might adjust my review. In this case it was nice place to escape a bit of the city and have something sweet.Amazing desserts! Love this place. We had the sizzling matcha brownie and it was delicious.AMAZING!!! Everytime I got to Chinatown I end up here for dessert. Their chocolate cakes are amazing, they also have exotic combos too! Amazing!The atmosphere is great and ideal for a friendly get together with your friends. The desserts are neatly plated and very cute. The ice tea comes in Mason jars for those who have a nice little hipster side to them. I had the Harvest dessert and I absolutely enjoyed every bit of it as well as how it was presented.It was loud and hot.  There were tables with people who had finished their food, but the wait staff let them stay when folks had no place to sit.Cakes were really decadent and delicious. A little expensive of a tiny cake, but worth it. Place can get busy and have limited seating, so definitely make sure you come at a less busier time. Wait staff were very friendly.My Best friend took me here and order the Matcha brownie with a scoop of ice cream on the top served with matcha sauce! The employee was super excited that this was my first time there that he made it special. He made a big production in pouring the sauce on to the ice cream that made it even better. Totally want to go back soon! PS: Parking isnt easy so you are better to park in a garage and just walk.Coming across this place randomly during a visit to Philly, I was super excited. I have the biggest sweet tooth, and I'm pretty open-minded to desserts. Most things sweet, I pretty much love. Having said that, I've been to Lady M and Spot Dessert. Lady M is the pioneer of the Mille crepe. Spot Dessert is probably the inspiration for a number of A La Mousse's desserts. I wish that A La Mousse's desserts were just as good as the originals, but they weren't anywhere close. 
Green Tea Mille- Like Lady M's green mille crepe cake, there are multiple layers of crepe, but the taste was not as sweet and soft. I would recommend trying it if you've never had a mille crepe cake before, but probably not if you've already tried Lady M's.  
Sizzling Matcha Brownie- The concept was good and probably fun to snap, but the actual taste of the brownie was not so great. The brownies I make from the box at home are sweeter and tastier. I would not recommend this for your tastes buds, but if you need something visually pleasing, by all means, get this dessert.
Check it out if you want to try something new, but don't expect it to be anywhere as good as the originals if you've already tried these desserts before.This is a really cute, hipster vibe dessert place with innovative treats. It's a perfect place to come with some friends and share desserts, think tapas style. The decor and ambiance give this place a chill coffee shop vibe and makes it a decent workspace as well. I had the lava cake and it was made to order (took about 20 minutes to arrive). The cake was really rich, almost overwhelmingly so, but the matcha ice cream it was served with really balanced it out. Definitely can't wait to go back and try more of the desserts and drinks on the extensive menu!I was very skeptical of ordering just sweets in a store because I have not had great experiences with them in the past. Usually they are over priced and not well made; most of the time they are stale. However, when I ordered dessert from here, I was more than pleasantly surprised. I got the pomegranate lemonade and the mango mousse cake and my friend got the green tea Mille crepe cake and the mini Harvest pot. It was so good. The mousse and crepe cake were creamy and smooth, as they should be. The lemonade was sweet and refreshing. No freezer burns or inconsistencies with the food. I left A la mousse a very satisfied customer. Ultimately, my experience changed my perspective towards dessert shops. I can't wait to come back!I found this place quite by accident, and I'm glad I did. Some of the drink menu items I wanted were not available yet, so I ordered from the bakery options which had amazing presentation. Mango lychee mousse was heavenly light and looked gorgeous too. The best thing I had though was the matcha panna cotta!!  So creamy and not too sweet because of that earthy matcha flavor. Wonderful service as well!This place is amazing! They have such creative, amazing desserts that all look incredible. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The sizzling matcha brownie comes with a warm green tea sauce poured over your choice of ice cream on a brownie on a sizzling pan. It's heavenly. 
The desserts to-go are also great. They have adorable cakes in the shape of LINE friends characters! If you're visiting Philly, A la mousse is a must go.Gave this place a try after some spicy hand drawn noodles and it hit the spot. If you love matcha you will love the matcha foam milk tea and the matcha cheesecake. Dine in and you will get an extra with your selected dessert, such as a scoop of mango ice cream with the triple chocolate mousse. Definitely give this place a try, it is well decorated, the staff is pleasant, and the dessert is delicious.Love the desserts here! Not overly sweet and nicely done. My daughter loves the matcha mousse cake! I took off one star for the coffee. Tastes kind of watered down.Kind of pricey for what you're paying for. The green tea crepe cakes were more on the bitter side, which is why I'm giving it a three star. It's a nice and cute cafe to chill, and there's a famously delicious dumpling soup restaurant nearby.Fell in love with this place immediately.  It is a must try, especially if you enjoy the flavor of Japanese green tea.
We came here with a group of nine, relatively late in the evening, for dessert on my birthday.  They accommodated us nicely, and even gave us table service which was an unexpected plus.
Everyone had something different, and everything was tasty, but my personal favorite was the Green Tea-r-amisu.  In addition to being adorably and aptly named, it was literally to die for.
I personally can't wait to come back here again.I had the triple chocolate mousse on my last visit and it was really good. I honestly couldn't finish all of it on my own.Loud, poor service, not really a place to sit down. The food was not too great. No one in our party really enjoyed their choice.Love this spot! They have really good tea, and they even do refills. The little glass tea pot and glass cups that it comes in is adorable. Would deff come here again.Great dessert place - so glad we found this place. We ordered 6 items from the menu, including Americano, 2 cold drinks and 3 desserts to share amongst 4 people. We were not disappointed. We had green tea lava cake, green tea waffles with ice cream, green teA brownies with ice cream. Everything was excellent! We are fans of matcha and all the desserts were perfectly made, not overly sweet. We will be back soon!The panna cotta and ice cream was a perfect dessert to split after a wonderful meal. Light, tasty, and soo good!Whoa, this place is a gem. I came here one night with a friend and I have been talking about it ever since. 
The matcha foam latte was dreamy. 
The green tea forest and the green tearamisu are unforgettable. They all have that perfect bliss point of sweetness and balance of fluffy and dense textures.
The service was sincerely kind and appreciated.
Atmospheric in a easy to chill, clean environment.
 It was all just right. I can't wait to go back and try more!I would rate the service at A La Mousse 6/5 if I could! The servers were SO amazing! On top of our every need, before we knew we needed it. Very customer-centric. 
The food was tasty, although a bit pricey. We tried two different slices of cake and both were delightful. The selection is interesting; many Asian style desserts and many French - and many combinations of both flavors and styles! 
The decor is modern and the restaurant is very clean. There isn't much seating, but I imagine it's not very busy at any given time. 
Worth a visit for dine in or takeout on your next visit to Chinatown!I went there with my family and it was the most unique dessert place in Philly. We got a few things but I really loved the a la mousse signature cake and the mango mousse cake. They were so good! Also, there was a drink that wasn't on the menu but you should order it if you they let you. It's like a lemonade mint tea with milk foam. Also, super good.Green tea everything!!! Love it! The desserts are soooooo good!Great little place for very good dessert and hanging out with friends. The only downside is the service. The people were not the friendliest and we felt very rushed, but it wasn't a huge deal.I do not like their dessert that much, it is kinda fake and everything is overpriced. The cashier was okay but they are always so busy. I don't get why so many people are crazy about this place. Philly has better dessert places. It is closed late: if you have nowhere to hang out at late night in Chinatown, here is a good location to check out.Great dessert place in philly! Super clean and friendly staff. Love their matcha latteAbsolutely in love with this cozy little tea and dessert shop! My favorites are the hot matcha milk foam tea and the matcha panna cotta. The stools could be a bit more comfy, but if they were they'd probably never get rid of me.Came here for the first time. The dessert was delicious! Forgot to take a picture before we ate it all up. Will return here again.European inspired desserts with a taste of Asia infused? Late night coffee and latte with good company? FINALLY! I don't need to walk to Center City for some good desserts! This is a perfect addition to Chinatown- time to venture out of the plethora of bubble tea places! 
There's FINALLY WI-FI! Better study spot now 
MUST HAVE: 
- Lychee Panna Cotta (my favorite; I can eat this all day if it didn't jeopardize my wallet!) A bit disappointed my second time around though. It was mushy and lost the firm texture. 
- Mille matcha crepe 
- MILK FOAM TEA! (Rose, Black, and Green) 
Good, worth a shot: 
- Green Tea-r-amisu 
- Tofu Cheesecake (light fluffy texture, not bad but can't taste the tofu)
Say no:
Tried green tea latte,  but not a fan. Watery. Bland. Expensive.
Not bad so far. A La Mousse is certainly on my radar but they haven't been consistent. I look forward to trying more products overtime as they improve their sweets and coffee- there's great potential (3.5)!aPeople must match-a lot here! This is a PRIME date spot. The play on matcha was due to their extensive use of the aforementioned amazing food product in many many ways.. including crepes, ice cream, cakes and of course, mousse. I had an espresso with my matcha cheesecake and was very pleased. Also, I usually don't like matcha, which makes this review even better for me! My only complaint was that the table service was a little slow, but with a busy cafe and a few servers, I guess it's expected. Overall, a very positive experience and I'm very happy I visited. Def recommend!!If you're matcha lover you need to check out this place. They have the best selection in city.  Matcha cheesecake and matcha crepes are delicious.So far we've had the Lychee Panna Cotta and the Harvest. Both were divine, really good. Getting to go is considerable cheaper than eating in. Very happy that these desserts are available in Chinatown now! Will definitely go in at least once a week to pick up some dessert.I tried the green harvest and it tasted smooth and creamy. It tastes a lot like a mouse brownie. Prices were expensive but comparable to the prices of these deserts in NYC.I had the green tea (matcha) crepe cake with green tea ice cream. The dessert was very good! Its a huge piece of cake. The coffee selection is great, too. Beside common coffee, they have some interesting variations. Looking forward to go back and try something else.This has been my favorite dessert cafe for the past year. Rose milk foam for life!!! The desserts are delicious, light and have cute designs. Ive only not liked something here twice and ive tried almost the entire menu at this point. The people are friendly and they switch up some desserts often. I would recommend this place :)So yummy and legit.  Love that they have lots of Gluten free options!A La Mousse is a very cute place to grab dessert, it's a cafe/dessert bar in the heart of Philly Chinatown. The shop is very similar to what we have in NY and the one here was well represented. The decor is modern and a comfortable place to sit, relax and enjoy your dessert. The place is trendy and the atmosphere is nice so it is really popular amongst the college kids, kids love this place since they offer sweets and girls really love this place since it's pretty and they offer stuff with sugar. lol 
The food:
Double Chocolate Cake- I thought this was really good, it was nice and chocolatey but it was shockingly not as sweet as I was expecting. When I first saw it, I automatically assumed it would be really sweet but I am glad it was not. It had a nice balance of chocolate flavor and sweetness, I am a fan. The best way to describe this, it was a chocolate mousse cake and a really good one at that. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=NT54NdFiqUh97wXUEAwxGw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Bubble Milk Foam Black Tea- This was nice and refreshing, the tea had a good black tea flavor and the texture of tapioca was nice. It had the right amount of chew without being too soft. The flavor as a whole was good. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=C-wFhjX0zi4v7lRPXpCvzA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Original Crepe Cake with Whyy Experience Ice cream from Bassetts. I thought the crepe was nice but a tad too soft for me and it was on the eggy side. The Whyy Experience ice cream was good, it was vanilla ice cream with chocolate covered pretzels swirled with butterscotch, it went well with the crepe. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Jf9LiAZIEjDfk43-7ob7qw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlAHow adorable! This is a small cafe/dessert spot in Chinatown. Wasn't expecting to eat-in but they were so welcoming I almost felt it would be insulting not to stay. I went on a Wednesday night 12/2016 and it was cold outside and this place was pack. My doll face and I shared a Triple Chocolate Moose which was Dark, Milk and White with a side of Mango ice cream and also a pomegranate strawberry lemonade tea. Now while I really enjoyed the Moose and Tea..I could take a pint of that Mango ice cream :)
Can't wait to try some other desserts!I just ordered from them on uber eats..ordered matcha latte and omg was it delish..my first one ever and it was amazing..love the cakes from here definitely will order againI'm loving this place! Cozy and comfy place for desert! They have way above Chinatown pasty quality. Pastries are cute and delicious! Great taste, great presentation, great staff. The only downside is that it's a bit expensive, but totally worth it!I was so excited to stumble across this new bakery, conveniently located right around the corner from my three Chinatown favorites (Sakura, Nan Zhou, and Dim Sum Garden). Now this block practically has everything that I need! 
They specialize in a variety of mousses and they have numerous Matcha-flavored items, including mousse, tiramisu, and even brownies! They also offer panna cotta, fruit tarts, ice cream, and Illy coffee. Everything is made in-house and looks beautiful. I tried the green tea-ramisu, matcha mousse cake, and the harvest, which looks like a potted plant, even though it's really potted deliciousness. All were fresh, delicious, nicely textured, and not too sweet. They definitely know how to bake. 
The interior is modern and there is plenty of seating room. You can either eat in or take out (note that there is a price difference). The staff is so friendly and kind, and they are open late enough so you can grab dessert there after a having meal elsewhere. Apparently, their selections vary from week to week, so you can bet I will definitely have to be back to try more items.A la Mousse is a French/Japanese style bakery with lots of yummy dessert and drink options (a lot being green tea based). 
I've tried the green tea oreo cheesecake (which was not too sweet and not too heavy), as well as the sizzling brownie (green tea brownie with matcha sauce). The brownie was warm and gooey and so good with ice cream, but the whole thing is pretty heavy so you'll definitely want to share it with someone. 
Prices are a bit on the higher side, but they use good ingredients and their matcha comes from Japan. 
*Also got to meet the owner when I came with my mom yesterday, and he was really sweet and friendly and told us all about his restaurant and his time in Japan (my mom is Japanese and so was really excited to chat with him about that).Incredible variety of desserts! There's already a lot of types of bubble tea drinks and you can select the sweetness and bubbles. The milk foam teas are really good, you can stir in the milk foam and tea together and it's just fun to watch. There's SO many matcha/green tea flavored desserts, it's overwhelming in the best way. Also, it's cheap and the drinks come out so quickly. Love it :)
Note: there's minimum for credit cards (I think it was $5) and most drinks end up being just under if for $4, so you should bring cash or order more than one thing/combine with a friend.This place is a must try!!! The desserts are all scrumptious and they have a wide variety that can cater to most taste buds! They have great service as well since they sit you down and take the time to explain to you what the desserts are. They are very attentive and asks if everything is to your satisfaction which is very nice. 
Most of the desserts will probably need to be shared since they are relatively large (however there is always room for delicious deserts!)This is probably one of my favorite dessert places in philly! The cafe is modern and cute. The desserts are beautifully presented and there's a huge variety. They are made in house and have both an European (think French or Italian) and an Asian flair. My go to is always chocolate so I've gotten something chocolate related every time. They have fruit based/tiramisu/panna cotta/cheesecakes/lava cakes/sizzling ice creams, so something for any type of dessert craving! They also have a full coffee/tea bar to fit any type of caffeine need as well as matcha drinks which seem to be a huge fad right now. My most recent visit, I tried the chocolate peanut butter mousse/cake. It was amazing! I don't tend to like green tea but I want to go back and try some of the matcha items. I also want to try the milk foam beverages! Perfect place to stop by after you've had a meal in the area and are craving something sweet. Will be back soon!OMG!!! This is such a cute little dessert place with  mouth watering desserts... Their desserts are soo different and amazing!!! Must try!It's simple, if you're going to be in Chinatown, just at least stop by here and check out the desserts - they are really one of a kind and anything matcha they have is delicious. I've also had a chance to have their rose milk foam tea with tapioca balls, sweet, perfect amount of rose, and delicious. What is a must is their matcha green tea cheesecake. I actually ordered their matcha double cheesecake for a birthday party and it was a major hit! It was also beautifully decorated and very reasonably priced (especially for a cheesecake). The green tea flavor was not too intense so even those of our friends that may not be interested in green tea thought that it was pretty amazing.Friendly staff. Always good to have when trying to
Wind down. Fresh dessert and beverages kick
A$$!
Order: 
Triple mouse cake black white & dark chocolate layers.
 Mint lemonade with honey can't go wrong. 
Lyche mango mousse cake. S'mores cake jar. 
You will go to the bathroom so eat slow!!!This place serves up green tea flavor with a punch! I was in Philly for interviews and craving something sweet and I stumbled across A La Mousse. They specialize in green tea desserts and I was particularly drawn in by the green tea cheesecake and green tea mousse. I ended up getting the mousse since they were out of the cheesecake (next time!). The mousse was light and not too sweet with lots of green tea goodness. It's composed of a light white cake layered with silky green tea mousse. When you get to the end of the cake, it is pure mousse and it tastes heavenly. I got it with the green tea ice cream which was the perfect accompaniment. Next time I gotta try the cheesecake and an iced green tea drink!This is Chinatowns finest dessert place. The green tea-ramisu was creamy and delicious and almost disappeared by the time I took picture. The decaf expresso
Was strong. The matcha power milkshake is the new standard and not to be missed. YumA La Mousse specialized in matcha desserts This place looked super cute. Lovely decorations. The presentations of their desserts were super beautiful and photogenic too. The only thing is that the taste did not match the looks. I ordered the sizzling brownie with matcha ice cream. It came in a very hot bowl and matcha sauce. The brownie was very dry and I could not really taste matcha. A La Mousse is a pricey place so I would recommend coming on special occasions, like a date, or anniversary. Don't think I would come back though.Came here after dinner and was completely pleased with the service and selection of desserts. I ordered the triple chocolate mousse and lychee pana cotta, which tasted delicious. Will definitely come back again when I am in the area.The staff are really friendly, and the desserts are good! But I do agree that the prices are kind of expensive. I'm usually not a tea person, but their strawberry tea was really good.A La Mousse is a wonderful new dessert place in Chinatown! It has a sit down menu and a set of to-go desserts. Very cute, modern, and clean! It is a great place to go to after dinner to chat and have some awesome coffee. They serve Illy coffee which is arabica and some of the best coffee I would argue. Try their sizzling green tea ice cream with the brownie and the seasonal matcha lava cake, it's amazing, you won't be disappointed!HORRIBLE SERVICE. My friend and I stopped by here for a quick dessert after dinner and after we sat down everyone else but us was asked for their orders and given their food. I tried to catch the attention of the servers but no one even looked in our direction. It was especially disappointing because they were not that busy and at least three staff members were conversing with themselves behind the counter. Eventually after 15 minutes of no service, we left with no food since we were tired of waiting.
*Response: yes, this did happen on a Saturday and like I said in my review the cafe was not that busy at the time. It is difficult to be aware of a situation when instead of serving customers, employees are busy on their phones and chatting.This place is great! It's conveniently located right around the corner of Bon Chon on 11th Street and open late, so it's perfect for a late night dessert. 
It's a very cute bakery/cafe with a variety of drinks and desserts. The Raspberry Fruit Tea is not sour at all and so fresh. I've tried The Tea-R-Misu and The Harvest, and while both were good, my favorite would definitely be the Triple Chocolate Mousse with Mango Ice Cream. It's a perfect mix of cake and ice cream and mousse. This place will satisfy any sweet tooth.The desserts here are fabulous! As a guy, I thought dessert was never my favor.  But that changed when I started to eat the Matcha Mousse Cake.  It's delicious and not sweet.  It's made with organic ingredients.  It's healthy too.  I love it. The Tofu cheesecake is also very special and good.  Not only the desserts are great, but the drink is great too.  Matcha green tea is my favor.  Do I forget to mention the place gets illy coffee too?  Try it and you will like it!Amazing! Just happened to pass by it and decided to stop it. Great atmosphere, lovely service, and exquisite menu. For those who love anything matcha, this is the place. Will def be back again. Could not stress any more just how lovely the service was. Try it, you'll like it.Stop by random, so I have two items to go.  One is Napoleon and their green tea-r-amisu.  For the price I paid, I was expecting more, but the taste was just okay!The lychee panna cotta is so good and I don't even usually like lychee or Panna cotta. The atmosphere is cute and the people working there are really nice. Would come again if I was a philly native. Next time i'm in the area i suppose!The cake set we had - matcha mousse and salted caramel ice cream - was really yummy, and our server was lovely too. We also loved the atmosphere! Highly recommend :)A bit pricey but they have a good selection of desserts.  I had their green tea crepe cake, it was ok, does not compare to Lady M's green tea crepe in NY, but at least we didn't have to go to NY.  It actually costs more too, which is surprising.  There was not that much "green tea" flavor to it.  The lychee ice cream was delicious!  We also had their green tea cheesecake - very smooth, the green tea mousse (good), and their green tea lava cake (so tiny).  We went during the lunar new year's parade and actually had the lions come in to dance! There is plenty of seating.  I want to come back to try one of their lattes.Nice place to duck into when fighting the wind on a cold, blustery day. Friendly staff, clean and bright, nice ambience, drinks are adequate (good, but nothing extra special, and desserts are inventive, whimsical, and delicious. Nicely decorated, sunny atmosphere. Attention to details and cute, little, thoughtful touches show that they're trying for each customer.I dessert here were amazing! Must try the mango lychee mousse. It's super creamy, light, and rich in flavor. Wish I could have this all the time. And for the chocolate lover check out the triple layer chocolate mousse equally as delicious. This is truly one of my top favorite dessert spots. 
FYI they have a minimum $10 requirement before a credit card can be used.This is definitely my favorite dessert place in Philly. I've been here so any times and have tried many different things, never run into one I don't like! Missed their tofu cheesecake so much... they stopped making them like a year ago but those used to be my favorite.Milkform tea is out of my expectation - better than I expected! Other than that, you know that, green tea and mouse cakes!Came here after dinner and was lucky the store was only about half full. 
Note: If you want to eat the desserts in the store, take a seat and a waitress will come to you. Otherwise proceed to wait in line for the cashier. 
I was excited by the amount of options and it seemed like the cakes were ready to be served (from the display case.) I imagine the volume of customers is quite high for them to be so ready. [Upon leaving, the store filled up.]
The bright colors of the cakes and ice creams were intriguing. I went all matcha with the cake and ice cream. Pretty yummy. Paired really well with my rose tea. I felt nurtured after the dessert. 
I give this cafe 5 stars, though do think a change could be made in how to seat customers who come in. If the cashier is busy and you don't know to just take a seat I saw it getting messy. 
Otherwise, I like it a lot!Tl;dr Great if you have patience and low standards for quality of service but appreciate kindness. Desserts are both aesthetically pleasing and delicious, although pricy for the portions. Wait time is ridiculous for some of the desserts and they're always out of something. 
I personally think this place is a little pricy for Philadelphia Chinatown but there's no other place like it. The wait staff is very kind although a bit slow and aren't very organized. I've been here about 3 or 4 times and everytime after my order without fail they will come back and say they're out of it. Also one of their more popular dishes, the molten chocolate cake takes 25-30 minutes to make, that's insane!! I don't have that time to wait for dessert, you're better off calling ahead and ordering it beforehand.Super cute dessert place that serves incredibly aesthetic desserts. Came here looking for a sweet treat, and left extremely satisfied.
We ordered the 20 layer crepe cake and the chocolate lava cake where you can inject matcha into the cake. The crepe cake was a little bitter on top, but it's to be expected from the matcha. The cake itself was light and creamy, which is what a perfect crepe cake should taste like.
The chocolate lava cake was definitely very fun, and the part where you can inject matcha is a great hook. My favorite part, though, was the scoop of matcha ice cream on the side, which wasn't too sweet but still had a lot of flavor.
If you're a matcha lover, this is the place for you. There's something here for everyone, and the menu is super extensive.This was a walk in visit after we had pho was just craving something sweet. The staff was so friendly and don't even get me started on the triple chocolate moose cake with mango ice cream . Just one word : DAMNThis store is amazing!! I LOVE the CAKES there! Everyone who loves sweet should give this place a try and i promise you that you wont regret it!!What a find! The desserts are just as wonderful as everyone says . Plus their presentation is great .
Definitely try the green tea waffles! It's worth the wait. Not only as light as air but comes with fruit and coffee Bassetts ice cream.Obsessed with the matcha crepe cake!!!! By far my favorite dessert ever. I come at least once a week to have their matcha crepe cake. Was really disappointed the last 2 visits because they ran out. That didn't stop us from trying the warm chocolate cake but nothing tops the matcha crepe cake.Amazing cheesecake in the city! I had the chocolate vanila mouse w/ coffee ice cream. So good!This dessert place is a refreshing addition to Chinatown as a sit down place with really nice decor. I had the green tea crepe cake and tofu cheesecake; they both come with a scoop of ice cream that really makes for a satisfying dessert set (both were around $8-9 each).
We ordered the tofu cheesecake for the novelty of it, and it was pretty airy and light without being overly sweet (the name also makes the dish feel pseudo healthy, which is a plus when you're wolfing down desserts). The espresso / chocolate / peanut butter ice cream that came with it was surprisingly really good as well, and the rich flavors complemented the relatively light flavors of the cheesecake very well.The mouse tastes so good here that I seem to be thinking of the chocolate mouse cake daily. They pride themselves on matcha galore but the crepe matcha cake just wasn't the best compared to the mousse. Stay with their strength as the store name indicates.You want some authentic French confectionery? Try this place, you will not be disappointed! This is probably the most artsy place in the whole Philly China Town. The second is the Yamitsuki Ramen place!This is a great dessert place. It is a perfect spot for a quick date if your significant other enjoys sweets and desserts. You can most likely order one dessert and share it between the two since the portions are quite big for a single person. They also have a good variety of drinks if you prefer to drink your dessert instead of eating it.I would've given this place 5 stars if the prices weren't high but this is a place for decorative desserts so I expected that. First off, the decor and desserts here are super cute! It's definitely a good place for a date or a place to catch up with friends. 
I got an espresso latte ($4) and the size of the mug was actually bigger than I thought, which is always a win. I got the Hazelnut Mousse cake ($8.50) and it wasn't as overly sweet as I had originally expected. The slice of cake comes with a scoop of ice cream with salted caramel pretzel bits inside. 
I am definitely coming back here next time to try the other desserts!Stopped by after dinner in Chinatown and shared a milk foam matcha tea with a friend. We were curious about the milk foam and the staff was nice enough to offer us a taste before ordering. However the matcha was disappointing- it was very mild and tasted more like black tea with green coloring. We asked for no sugar but I'm not sure why that would change the match flavor. I did enjoy mixing in the milk foam to add a hint of creamy sweetness. Prices are alright- the large 20oz tea we got was just over $5. Even so, I don't think I will be returning here for matcha beverages.A la mousse takes yummy desserts from different places and put them here, so I can't help but compare them to the originals. 
Matcha cream puffs are much smaller than bibble&sip in midtown NYC. The matcha filling isn't as creamy but when I don't have to drive 2 hours to get a real deal - this is an ok replacement. 
Green tea pina cotta - by the time I came home, I can see the pina cotta separates into layers. It still tasted fine, not much matcha taste or pina cotta taste. Not too sweet. 
Green tea Mille crepe cake - This couldnt even be compared to lady M. The consistency of the layer is weird. Doesn't seem fresh. No taste of cream nor matcha. Just blah. It's an disappointment to say the least. 
Green tea cheese cake - green cheese cake with no green tea taste. 
Limited seating spaces. I haven't try to just pop in and out. Even though I buy these desserts to go, it still took me a good 20 minutes to get out when I was the next one in line.Just went here with my bf and order the lychee panna cotta with rasberry ice cream and i love the delicate flavors, delicious!The girls who work at the counter are so sweet. There is no pushing or imposing. Nice space that gets frequented a lot by lone and group diners. Desserts are unique and especially nice for those who like green tea or matcha. Coffee is well balanced. Open till late. Unique desserts that balance for the most part cool with warm.cute little cafe with all the matcha a girl can dream of!
I had the Sizzling ice cream: Matcha brownie with your choice of ice cream (i obviously had to get green tea ice cream), polished off with matcha sauce. 
it was a perfect ending of my trip to chinatown after destroying some soup dumplings. 
service was great, small place but they give you lots of attention.LOVE the sizzling matcha brownie with ice cream and green tea sauce!! I also love the green tea mousse cake, and the crepe mille cake! I always crave this place! The people that work there are also great! The last time I was here, I believe the owner gave my cousin and I a complimentary drink that they havent even named yet! Great place!Ordered matcha latte and Green tea-ramisu. Both are delicious. It's close to the Jefferson station so a perfect place to pass time when waiting for the next train while enjoying quality sweets!I love this place! the desserts were super delicious and so were the drinks! I got a lychee panna cotta and a baked matcha cheesecake. Make sure to check this place out if you have a sweet tooth.This is a very cute, inexpensive dessert place. There are so many options to pick from, but we chose the Matcha Brownie Sizzler. It was presented in a sizzling pan with a scoop of matcha ice cream on top. Our waitress was so sweet and bubbly, and even asked us if we wanted to take out our phones before she poured the sauce on top. To be honest, I had no idea you could make a matcha brownie until this day, but it tasted amazing- especially with the sauce! It is a perfect dessert that is not too sweet, and will warm your insides. I would definitely go back to try the other unique items on the menu!OMG! if you are looking to unique flavor deserts you should try this place. I got the green tea cheesecake , hazelnut desert and green tea panna cotta. My personal fav was hazelnut one but will go back again to try more..It felt like a lesser version of Spot Desserts in NY, and given the area with lots of cheap and great dessert places (i.e. In reading terminal or Chinatown), this felt overpriced.
However I applaud the uniqueness of the desserts. There was a really nice ambience! I got the flower pot and the sizzling ice cream, both innovative but lacking in flavor and taste for the price.Stopped by here with some friends on a cold chilly day and the atmosphere was so cozy. They got a relatively large array of menu options and a menu dedicated especially to all matcha. Man, already knew I would love this place when I saw this. Service was quick, friendly, and patient which was well appreciated for a group of indecisive matcha and "kawaii" dessert lovers.
The Harvest was nice and light so if you're feeling full but want to treat yourself to something here, I would recommend getting this. Make sure to dig all the way to the bottom where the hidden berry jewels are located. The desserts were condensed with their appropriate flavor fairly nicely. Some places tend to focus on presentation so much and forget about making the flavors exist in every bite. Really enjoyed my visit here and would give a thumbs up to recommend everyone checking out.Try  green tea ramisu to go in here. it was so good. there is a special present in my to go bag. it was a tiny lock and key :) . try to have something different next time. I think it won't let me down.Oh goodie...desserts are amazing here!  Green Tea & Vanilla Crepe Cakes are highly recommended items on my list.  Cozy and cute atmosphere!  Check them out!It is a really nice spot and different from all the dessert/bakery spots in Chinatown. The presentation of the desser is definitely eye catching and instagram worthy. The green tea ice cream is really good and their tiramisu cake is fantastic.
Its a good place to come and share dessert with your friends.Dessert treasure hiding in plain sight. Absolutely exquisite rose milk tea and chocolate lava cake with green tea ice cream. The cake was freshly prepared and injected with a thick, scrumptious match cream. Incredible textures and temperatures all combining in a whirlwind of sweet Yes! The presentation was truly artful... I couldn't stop admiring it before I dug in. The service was also delightful. Such a welcome little escape. Really, really special.Great place for tea and desserts. Friendly staff and family friendly environment, what else do you need to hangout with friends and families. Food are super delicious. We came to visit from DC, and it simply beat all bubble tea places in DC/MD/VA.Absolutely adore this place! Their desserts are delicious. We have been here multiple times. My favorite are the Macha tiramisu and hazelnut cake. The ambiance is nice but it does get crowded a lot. My only gripe are the chairs! Too light and I feel like I'm gonna fall when I get on them. But then again I'm short so that's probably my fault :(. Anyhoo, love this place. We keep coming back for more!So cute, I love it, excited to see a restaurant dedicated to desserts. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying all the other decadent options. The Harvest was amazing and the lychee panna cotta was exquisite. Full of flavors, very creative and fun way to serve sweets. The panna cotta may need a little more finishing touch with it's consistency and ability to stick together instead of almost melting but it was still delicious.My overall experience here has always been negative.
I live nearby so I fall victim to them when looking for a tasty treat. Tonight I walked here in the rain to grab a slice of cake... Only to find they have a $10 CC minimum.
Not minding the fact that this is a violation of the TOS for businesses charging on visa, it's a sleazy tactic to push for me to buy more product.
So I walked out. Hope saving $0.40 was worth losing a customer.My friend ordered a green tea mousse for my birthday. It is really delicious!!!! I am sure that I would come back to try other cakes again!!!! Love this shopThe passion fruit peach tea was just okay. It was sort of expensive imo for what it was. It reminded me of Starbucks' drinks where the ice outweighs the drink amt itself. Their sweetness level wasn't what I expected either. I asked for 75% sugar, and the significant other said it tasted less than 50%. It could also be bc I'm from the South. Ha!
I guess if you to-go your order then you'll order at the counter. The gal behind the register ushered another couple to have a seat as they seemed to be dining in. Guess A La Mousse tries to make the experience fancier.
A La Mousse is in Chinatown but on the perimeter blocks.Was looking for a good coffee and something sweet  after having lunch at the Reading Market. They serve Illy coffee (fantastic!) and they have some very interesting desserts, had a 3 layer mousse which was quite good as well. And service was awesome!The coffee and desserts are delicious. The coffee is strong and doesn't have the burnt taste. It wakes me up right away. Desserts taste wonderful with the coffee. Nothing to complain about in regards to the food. 
But they really need to work on customer service. Generally, they take a long time to take orders and most of the staffs seem confused half of the time.A La Mousse is a very cozi dessert place. Tofu cheesecake really caught my eyes but after I saw crepe cake (Lady M) on their menu, I couldn't wait to try it. It was my first time to have lady M. I can't say whether it was great or not, but the cake definitely was not as I expected. The cake was not soft at all and the green tea powder was quite bitter. If the cake was more soft and creamy, or the green tea powder was added some sugar powder, I think it might be great.I took my friend here and we got two orders of the Tiramisu plant pot which was super cute. It's a mini tiramisu in a pot shaped plastic cup with cocoa powder sprinkled on top and a little leaf on top. It was pretty small but they were cheap ($3-4) each. It was a good spot to go after dinner. They give you the option of take out or sit-down with a menu and waiter/waitress.  Besides the fact that the presentation of the desserts were cute, the taste was good but nothing too special. Next time I'll save room for a bigger dessert and order one of their bigger dishes and see if it stand out to me more.Great ambience and great desserts!
Never seen a cafe with so much green tea flavored sweets and drinks, as a big fan of all things green tea, I really enjoyed the experience. Would definitely come back again!The service was fantastic. They were very busy, but still managed to take care of everyone with a smile on. 
The desserts were relatively good, but not exceptional. Maybe I need to try more of them and review again. 4.5/5Cute little dessert shop with a mouthwatering list of matcha style desserts, several non-matcha cakes, teas, coffee, and milkshakes. The cafe is small with only a few tables, but the atmosphere is cozy and inviting. Perfect for catching up with a few friends or to satisfy a sweets craving.
I tried the Green Tea-ra-misu and the Iced Matcha Latte Float, and both were delicious. The tiramisu had a tad bit too much cream for the amount of cake, but I guess that's also just normal tiramisu for you. The float was both sweet and filling - it had iced matcha latte, matcha ice cream, and a small scoop of red beans. Classic and tasty combo.
All the desserts here are presented very nicely. I noticed almost every other table taking out their phones to take pictures!Girl this is NOT your usual round-the-corner pastry shop kind. One of the best pastry & dessert places in & around Philly. I went in to get two pastries, came back with SIX of them. I really couldn't make up my mind because all of them looked so different & enticing!!  
Sophisticatedly designed & flavored. The chefs make use of European style along with Asian expertise to bring out the best. 
Layer after layer exploding with flavor. Here are the ones that I tried : 
- Coffee Cream Cake (FAVORITE) 
- Mango Lychee Cake (That combination!)
- Tangerine Mousse Cake 
- Strawberry Fresh Cream Cake 
- Hazelnut Mousse Cake (Ferrero Rocher lovers will be able to relate to this delight!) 
- Chestnut Cream Cake (Mm okayish. Wish I had chosen their Matcha Doube Cheesecake instead)
Apart from pastries, they have a lot of matcha-related items (have seen good reviews on them), crepe cakes, macaroons, lattes and ice creams! 
Little on the pricier side is the only thing that would stop me from going there on a regular basis. But will surely visit again to try out their Matcha flavored itemsI think it's very nice and clean place for cute looking desserts! Definitely will be back to try more!Ambience, service and presentation were all great..but the taste of the beverage was powdery and artificial and the cream of the cheesecake was not fresh at all!One of my favorite places to go for desserts! It's a really cute environment and the desserts are good and healthy! They love to use matcha and the desserts look really cute as well! One thing I love about the place is how they put your ice tea in a mason jar! I tried the harvest, crepe cake, matcha brownie and the matcha tiramisu and they were amazing!!Stopped in for some sizzling ice cream. The ice cream was awesome. I wasn't a huge fan of the brownie. The concept was fun! My husband loved it all and devoured the entire thing. It's pretty big, enough to share. Service was good and the restaurant was clean and modern. Would love to come back to try some more things.The shop was warm , cozy, clean and neat.   The coffee was ok.   The harvest dessert was not bad, worth to try!   Good luck.   Overall, like this place in the crowded Chinatown!This place is deserving of it's great reviews. It's super cute inside. Nice and clean. You can order at counter to go or sit and have waitress service. They have nice seating area. We tried iced coffee, iced tea, and tiramisu. All were fabulous. Staff very friendly too. I definitely recommend stopping by - all the desserts looked so good!Friendly customer service the one girl that served me was very cheerful and happy. The dessert she recommended was the green tiramisu and it was delicious. I would definitely come back!Attentive, friendly service. Clean and creative dessert selection. We were a large group of 12 and they were quick to accommodate the size in this small cafe. Really enjoyed the dessert selection.No complaints about this place! It's located right in China town so there are plenty of good food options to go to beforehand then stopping by here for an after meal dessert. 
Splendid little place. It's small, but very clean and modern inside. It's like a restaurant for dessert/coffee. So if you plan on eating there, then you sit first and someone will come by to take your order (menus on the table). You only go to the counter to order when you're taking out. 
I ordered the Mille Crepe Cake and the Milk Foam Black Tea. Both were super delicious, and very easy to finish! The crepe cake came with a scoop of matcha ice cream on the side, and it went perfectly with that cake. They complimented each other in the best way possible. The milk foam was just as delicious. We added boba in our milk foam, and both the tea and boba were perfectly sweetened. 
There were plenty of more dessert/drink options to try. So I shall be back!! Don't hesitate going here. You will loveeeeeeeeee it!I ordered two birthday cakes there. one last year one this year. They still have no bag to carry it. The ribbon was wrapped very inelegant around the plain white paper box. And you have to use the ribbon to carry it back home. If it's not the only place I can find to make matcha cake in Chinatown, I would not order birthday cake there. The matcha mousse cake tastes really good.I love the desserts at this place! We got the fruit crepe cake and matcha mousse cake which were both so good! I  it 4 stars because of how crowded it can get and people randomly sat at our table while they waited, so the server took their order as well. It was just a little strange. But, still love this place!While passing through Philly, a few friends and I decided to stop for lunch and post-lunch desert. Unsurprisingly, we made our way to A La Mousse based on Yelp reviews and a cute windowfront. I must say, as a current NY resident, I was immediately reminded of Spot dessert bar, as they have some similar desserts - which made me know we were well on our way to a good dessert!
Foregoing the option of getting multiple deserts for three people, we ordered the sizzling match brownie - a warm match brownie served in as skillet with ice cream. The server brings out a small vial of matcha liquid, which is poured over the dessert and sizzles in the skillet, hence the name. Very fun, and very good for the instagrammers and snapchatters of the world (myself included).
So for the actual dessert: presentation was great; the brownie was a bit cakier than I prefer, but my friends enjoyed the texture. The ice cream, however, was to DIE for. Creamy, rich, and smooth, I could've eaten a gallon by myself.
My friends also ordered teas - one earl gray with milk foam, the other a fruit tea. Both were healthy sizes and deliciously refreshing. Would love to return if I were in Philly again!A La Mousse is a very specific type of dessert place. It primarily caters to the cutesy, Instagram famous Asian crowd (or those who aspire to be). The food isn't amazing, but they know what they do well. They provide a very unique menu (sizzling Matcha!) that's super presentable and a great venue for taking pictures. The lighting is nice, the wood paneling is very graven, and it's a great place to take someone on a date to try something new.
It is *not* a place where you go because you have a refined appreciation for sweet. I've found that most of their deserts are pretty standard at best once you get past the presentation and at worst they have a terrible balance of sweetness with one of the parts just overpowering the other. The triple mousse was overly rich and while the mango ice cream with Oreo crumbs was interesting, it's certainly not an improvement over anything I could get 30 seconds down the block. The sizzling Matcha is entirely based off of the novelty factor (it doesn't actually taste that great, the brownie isn't really soft despite being piping warm, the random seeds don't contribute much and the weird temperature of the bowl and the size of the spoon makes it hard to drink the melted ice cream). The prices aren't out of range with similar places in New York or SF, but the quality isn't really there and it's more expensive than comparable places in Chinatown. There are also somehow never enough seats.
3/5 stars. Try it once for the novelty factor, try it again as a second date, and then forget this place has ever existed.Had hazelnut cake last time, it was okay, I really wanted to try green tea crepe cake, but didn't see that, will try againFinally a good dessert place in philly. Everything is yummy and not too sweet. Great spot for hanging out with friends. Bravo!I've been here for few times, desserts are delicious, however it's too expensive for me to afford. 
I especially recommend matcha desserts, but  matcha drink is too light, I even doubt they had put matcha in or it just looks green. :(Went here this afternoon, the decor was nice, and the place was spotless. the service was attentive, ordered the green tea tiramisu and also the Foam Rose tea bubble tea. It was good, the tiramisu had the right balance of matcha along with the creaminess of the dessert. I enjoyed the bubble tea. Overall I would return here as both the service, the desserts, and the atmosphere were excellent!I have been to a la mouse multiple times now, and I never leave disappointed. The chocolate & vanilla  or green tea mousse cakes are great options to get. Their cream layers are rich and smooth with great taste. 
The reasons why this place doesn't get five stars are because of the wait times and the sense that the cakes are pre-made. Every time I place an order for birthday cakes (4-5 times now) they are never ready when I arrive. The staff are courteous enough to ask me when they can expect me to pick-up the order, but why ask if the cake won't be ready then? I'll call a week ahead to place the order and tell them when I'll arrive, but they'll still make me wait 30 minutes to actually get the cake. I would like to better understand why the cake isn't available at the time that it is suppose to be. I thought placing an order ahead of time was meant to prevent this. It seems they spend that 30 minutes decorating the cake. Why can't this be done before I arrive? I can understand that they want to make sure the cake actually gets picked up, but they can easily prevent this by asking for a deposit. Don't get me wrong, the cake is worth it, but people are on time crunches -- esp on the day of the event the cake is meant for.I stopped by here today with a couple of friends with pretty high standards, based on the hype it was getting. I decided to try the Lychee Panna Cotta. Presentation for all of the desserts we had ordered were cute and pretty! The taste of all of the desserts didn't give that "wow" factor we all expected, it was pretty average. I would give this place another try if I was really craving something sweet and had enough money to splurge.The cutest desserts, very instagrammable that are super yummy as well!! Their mango shake was divine!A hidden treasure trove of decadent Asian desserts at the border of Chinatown - think mango mousses, matcha cakes, home-made ice cream - reminiscent of the best dessert spots in Asia! 
This delightful bakery is cheery enough for a 2 hour sit-down, but also offers an extensive to-go selection. 
When I first discovered this place, my friend and I sat down for two orders of desserts to share (mind you, there portion sizes are quite large) after a massive meal beforehand, and loved the mango / matcha desserts so much, we ate it all. I don't even like desserts generally!
A big thumbs up.The cakes have the perfect amount of sweetness. Definitely recommend the honey matcha avocado with chia seed on the bottom. The matcha panna cotta is a little too sweet for my taste but has a great consistency and texture. Mille crepes 5/5The desserts here remind me of the Spot dessert I had in NYC. And maybe because I had the one in NYC the deserts here is slightly not too my standards. Their pricing was slightly expensive in my opinion because I had three desserts with three drinks for about 60 dollars. It was worth a try and the dessert was well plated but I have not be back ever sinceA La Mousse is a delightful dessert spot for a cold night. We came here on a cold January Tuesday and enjoyed hi chocolate and hazelnut chocolate cake. The staff here were lovely and we plan to come back again and again.LOVE this place for enjoying tasty desserts, chatting with friends, or doing some work! There's a variety of creative desserts available, especially in the matcha variety. Free WiFi. There is limited seating, so I'd recommend studying here during a low volume time (i.e. during the day on a weekday). 
For the mille crepe cake in matcha flavor, I'd recommend eating it with the ice cream mixed in, or else the matcha flavor does get a bit dry and slightly bitter halfway through the cake.A great spot to hang out with family and friends if you feel like having something sweet, refreshing, and satisfying. This place is very well put together and the treats are definitely insta worthy! Don't forget to try their matca drinks and matcha desserts! It satisfies your cravings and will make you go back again.I had a mango milkshake it was ok the mango on the bottom was frozen. but I enjoyed the strawberry cake it was good . my son had a triple chocolate dessert it looks like a triple chocolate mini round cake and ice cream . my husband had wotchi cake and ice cream it actually looks like green tea ice cream and green tea cake. we all enjoyed our desserts .THe last time I came here I got the lychee pana cota and the sizzling matcha brownie. The brownie was ok, but I have definitely had better elsewhere. I also had one of their drinks, the milk foam matcha tea. It was definitely overpriced, because it came in a small cup, and more than 1/3 of the drink was full of ice. When I told the girl serving me, she filled my drink with straight tea and looked at me awkwardly like she was hoping I wouldn't notice. SMH. For more than $3 I was definitely expecting more. Overall, those two desserts and tea alone was around $20. Me and my friend were both disappointed in the desserts. I really did like the ice cream, and thought I would come back just for that. That was until I found out they got their ice cream from the Reading Terminal Market, and it was actually Bassetts Ice Cream. For the money I could pay for a dessert here, I would rather go to Bassetts, and get their ice cream instead. I would even save money doing that. Overall, this place is trash.Amazing mousse cakes with the perfect balance of flavors.  Their menu has an overwhelming selection matcha green tea flavors. Being a chocoholic, I simply loved the triple chocolate mousse cake the most. Perfect place for late night dessert cravings.This place is like matcha heaven. Literally almost everything on their menu includes matcha. I ordered a matcha coconut latte with a mango cake(forgot whats it called). The latte was great, nice blend between matcha and coconuts. Not to sweet but not to bitter, just right. The mango cake tasted great also, had a nice flavor of mango and it also had some glitter on top of it.I found this place by searching the best desserts in Philadelphia on Yelp. We tried the matcha mousse cake with matcha ice cream and vanilla crunchies. It was really good. I really loved the mousse cake and my dad really loved the ice cream. Combined, they were a great dessert. The people working there were super friendly and helpful especially as we had never tried matcha before. Would definitely come back here again.I love this place so much. It's a good environment for hangout with friends and enjoy the dessert. Their staffs are so friendly.Nice little Chinese bubble tea/coffee shop. They have a good variety of drinks and desserts. An intimate and quiet atmosphere, good for doing work, relaxing, or just hanging outHands down, my favorite pastry shop in Philly. 
They have everything matcha! Of course the mist have is their signature matcha crepe cake! And the matcha tiramisu is also a nice twist on the classic recipe.
I do have to admit that despite most of the menu containing matcha, my favorite is the matcha-less mango mousse cake which is refreshing, not too sweet and served with fruit! 
Their peach matcha latte and coconut matcha lattes are two of my favorites as well. Peach is more refreshing one of the two.Cute little desert place in Chinatown. Many deserts and drinks. Clean space, limited seating at the tables. Deserts are pretty good but not as flavorful. Price a little high for the quality in my opinionCute dessert place! 
For take outs, you go to the cashier directly, otherwise you can sit at any table and the waiter/waitress will get your order. 
I got an iced latte and green tearamisu. The tea ramisu was not too sweet (which is good) but the portion was on a smaller side. Nonetheless, i think the place has pretty unique desserts and I can see myself coming back if I'm around the neighborhood.Love the place! First time trying motcha desserts; I had the motcha mouse and ice cream. First time also trying the fruit "bubbles" in my drink...loved them. I had the lemonade mint and my cousin had the pomegranate tea, both pretty good to refresh yourself after a hot summer day.Very nice cafe. You do pay for the quality, but that's not a bad thing. Beautiful presentation. The only complaint I have is that the green tea ice cream had no taste. Black teav with foam milk was great. The mango ice cream was excellent. The lava cake took 20 minutes to make, but it was worth it. I'll definitely be coming back when I have the money for expensive desserts.There's nothing like this dessert place in Philly, so this place is a gem. Im from NY, and compare to dessert places like Spot dessert bar, Lady M or other dessert places in NY. This place is still need to do more but they have a potential becoming a better dessert place. I ordered the matcha tiramisu, chocolate hazelnut and matcha latte. I like their tiramisu, not so crazy about the chocolate hazelnut cake. The service though was great, my server was very knowledgeable and attentive also so friendly and it's a comfy place to enjoy ur afternoon dessert. I will be back again and maybe next time i want to try the matcha mousse cake and the brownies sizzling thing.More than disappointed with my experience at A La Mousse in Philly's China Town. After reading the reviews on Yelp, I was excited about visiting the store and tasting some of their desserts. When my wife and I walked up to the counter to look at the dessert items in the display case, we we're informed that if we were dining in that we could take a menu to a table and someone would be out to wait on us. We were the only couple in the store when we took a table by the window and after about five minutes of sitting there waiting for someone to come to our table, a family came in and sat next to us. I'm not sure if it was because of their ethnicity and the fact that it was similar to the young ladies operating the store, but the servers quickly came to attend to them. As we walked out minutes later without being attended to, the server glared at us like we had offended there store by walking out of it without ordering anything. Again, very disappointing service...So far one of the best spots to go too in China Town if you're having a sweet craving.  The atmosphere was very comfortable and the customer service was very friendly and polite. I do recommend the Hazelnut Chocolate desert.  Hope you enjoy!Came with three friends late on a Friday night. We dined in and ordered a baked matcha cheesecake and a matcha almond milk tea. The tea was a perfect balance of matcha and almond milk and cream, perfect on a chilly night. Watch out for the rowdy youngsters hanging out.Came here with a local for dessert since I was staying in Chinatown. The decor is very clean and super cute.
We had some dessert that was basically a dirt cup with some cheesecake filling at the bottom with berries. It was really delicious, we got some strawberry icecream on the side. Total was like $10 so its a bit pricey.This dessert is very nice to see, the taste is also very good, I like the drink here, the environment is also very good.Still one of my favorite places to visit when I'm in Philly.  The desserts taste as good as they look, and are very reasonably priced. The service is wonderful too, and the people are all really nice!I got the bear, the duck and the rabbit desserts and I feel like I hit the jackpot, all were amazing!Great service. They will bring the cakes out and clean if you eat in. My favorite is green tea cake which killed all seadfood's smell in my mouth. $$ is kind of expensive for a piece of cakeThe staff are really friendly and attentive here, which I appreciate. The tea by the pot is pretty good and it comes with two cookies and a brown sugar syrup. I'd go here again but bring cash because with just the lychee panna cotta, I was just short of the 5 dollar minimum.
I liked the lychee panna cotta but wish the raspberry syrup didn't overpower the lychee part.Mmmmmm yum!! Can you say beautiful desserts?! WHAT there's glitter on my cake!! So pretty. AND they taste great too. 
Had the double chocolate, good flavor not overly sweet. 
Also (yes also - don't judge!) had the mango lychee cake, delicious and sparkly. 
Enjoy!The service is fantastic. Always have a smile on their face. Also the dessert are delicious. Def going back again.I may be the odd one out on this one but I was disappointed with my visit. The cafe itself is beautiful and inviting but the matcha mille crepe was.... meh. It could use some sweetening. Even my husband who doesn't care for sweets thought it was a bit 'blah'. The matcha ice cream that it came with was really good though. Their mille crepe is definitley not comparable to the Lady M version. I'm sure their other desserts are good and I just happened to pick the wrong thing to get this visit. Also, I just think it's a bit odd to order at the table at a cafe like this where customers are in and out fairly quickly compared to a regular restaurant. It would make more sense to me to order up front and have the desserts brought out to you... but that's just me.The atmosphere of this place is great and so are their desserts. I love their matcha green tea and cakes. I've tried their cute plant tiramisu and it's delicious as well. It lives up to its popularity. However the Panna cotta could be better, I got tired of it after two bites and perhaps the batch I got was not as fresh. The workers here are friendly and very quick, I would return anytime to satisfy my sweet tooth.My FAVORITE dessert place in Chinatown. The decor is nice and modern. The desserts are delicious, I like to try something new every time I visit and I've never been disappointed! The owner is extremely friendly.So excited to finally see a sit down asian dessert cafe around here, just like the ones you see in New York, California, etc.
Love the idea of topping bubble teas with creamy milk foam.  I got a rose black tea, and while good, it was extremely sweet for even a sweet-lover like myself.  The boba here is cooked well, but it's on the smaller side.  Probably won't get bubble tea here again, but it's worth trying.
 We also got the lychee panna cotta to share and it was nice. 
Overall, friendly staff, interesting desserts, and a decent amount of seating.  The country hit songs in the background were a bit random to us, but that's whatever.
  Looking forward to trying their other desserts.What a treat! The green tea tiramisu- as many of the reviewers below suggest- is really that good. The service was great.This is for having my drink in A La Mousse, I like the new Matcha Kalamasi which is quite good. The waiter was fast for my drink and she was nice. For me, I prefer having drinks in here and maybe take out the cakes. Definitely come backI decided to give A La Mousse a try again. With the desserts, we ordered the green tea cheesecake, matcha mousse cake, and the green foam matcha tea. The cheesecake and the mousse cake were great with the matcha but the texture was sub par because the cake itself were dry. 
Now to the service. Again like last time, it was annoying and disorganized. But by taking out this time, it saved us at least 10 minutes. There should really be a sign for sitting down and taking out. 
Overall the experience was better due to us taking out. Are the desserts worth it? Maybe from time to time to experience unique matcha desserts. I do hope that this place improves  because there is a lot of potential here.Awesome coffee shop with AMAZING desserts! A little tight on seating but that's no biggie. I would be coming here almost every day if I lived closer to it. Great ambiance and environment. Very clean place as well! Highly recommend!Loved the atmosphere service and deserts. My daughter saw pics from this place on Instagram so we had to check it out. All the dessert items were delicious! Probably least favorite was the sizzling ice cream. Worth trying just for novelty of the experience. Love Asian desserts as they are not overloaded with sugar. Light, fluffy and beautiful presentation.We had the mango mousse cake and it was by far the most amazing thing I have ever had.After walking what felt like miles on a very hot Saturday, I saw A La Mousse across the street like a beacon of hope.  I mostly wanted to sit down to give my aching feet a rest and maybe some water.  I was not expecting however to want to sit down, order a few things, and really enjoy the gem I had just stumbled upon.  
I ordered a mango and lychee fruit tea and my husband ordered a tea with milk foam.  His was beautiful and mine was so fruity and refreshing.  I downed half before I had even realized I had done it!  We ordered the lychee panna cotta which was light as air and had hints of fruit with a beautiful raspberry sauce and a generous scoop of ice cream.  Everything was refreshing, light, and a joy to eat.  I am so glad we stopped in!Got a green tea cake and chocolate mousse cake to-go from here. I came in thinking I could order anything on the menu and then just sit down. But it's actually like a dessert restaurant because they bring it to you and there are quite some unique items. One was like a boiling ice cream or something. All of the sit-down orders are more expensive than the items in the case that we bought. I wanted to sit down and order but all the tables were full and we had to get going back to our hotel, so that was a little disappointing. Inside is clean and good service. 
The green tea cake was okay; it was light and the texture was a little weird. The chocolate mousse cake was really good.Very unprofessional. My friends and I ordered the mille crepe and the iced milk foam rose tea with tapioca. 5 minutes later our server came back and said that a woman just ordered the last 2 to go. The woman was still standing at the register and had obviously bought the crepe after us. If they had done their job and served us before taking the to go customer, not communicating with each other, we could have gotten our order. Instead, they asked us to change our request. We asked for the green tea tiramisu. She went back to place our order and came back saying they were sold out of that, as well. Not wanting to deal with the awful service anymore, we said we didn't want anything else and finished our drink. We waited for awhile and when no server came up to check on us or bring us our bill, we went to the front to pay and leave. There was no one at the register and we waited for a woman to come out. The drink was fine, but I would not come back due to the abysmal employees.