The following are considered when I rate a more expensive restaurant. $60+/Person.  The first listed is the most important and weighted more than the line item following.
Flavor/Quality of Ingredients and Plating 
Service (Initial Welcome to the last thank you)
Ambiance/Décor/Environment
Price
Value of TOTAL Experience
You have read all the puffery of other YELP reviews, So, I'll try not to bore you.
Joined by Lips, looking fantastic with this years, Gucci shoes, matching Gems, and even down to the socks. With us were a hot new couple. Looking like a real match made in heaven. Class all around.
Now down to the food experience. 2 Stars for a restaurant which obviously uses great ingredients, creative dishes along with some ok service.
We started with an interesting service fowl up only to be handled poorly. The Server brought over what we thought was a complimentary start of our meal. Wasabi String Beans and then server brought over some sort of dull looking mush. At this point one of or party attendees called over the server (by the way we noshed on the beans) in which we inquired about the starters. At that point he stated it must be a mistake, he whisked the now not so complimentary dishes off the table and that was that. No apology, no nothing. We think a better way to handle this is to explain the error and ask us if we wish to continue noshing on the dishes,
Its a "sharing menu" not for everyone. But ok...
The other couple ordered Smoked Scallops as well as we did, they were very good.
They also ordered another small plate in which was enjoyed.
Lips and I ordered the Smoked Mussels, good smokey flavor, they're were about 5 in the dish. Expensive for 5 morsels. The Cucumber Gazpacho with Crab tasted great, again over the top expensive for the portion. 
Steam Clams, clams so small  it seemed silly. Plus the broth was just like any other Steamed Clam dish. Expensive considering the presented product.
Shared Entrees by the other Couple was a whole Black Sea Bass. Small but was reported to be very good. And the Wagu Steak. Again value vs portion very small portion but again strictly taste to be good.
We shared the Porterhouse Steak (97 dollars, holy sh^t are you kiddng me) Steak was Good, but again nothing extraordinary. Rosemary potatoes no big deal, they were potatoes. Grilled Cesear Salad, good but why was it served with the entree? 
For this outrageously priced dish you would have thought it would be amazing. It wasn't, all it was was a Porter House cooked as expected. Meh meh and more meh. The correct pricing should have been 34.95 and just enough for one person. But 97 bucks to be shared? At time the food and its presentation seemed to be more ego than anything else.
Desserts were the Chocolate Mouse, excellent, the other side of the table they ordered some sort of Custard which was horrible tasting, almost like sour water texture, tasted like a Goat Milk. That was sent back and a Pound Cake Appeared to be a better ending.
All in all the Food tasted quite good. The service was ok but again nothing which would dictate the price points. Weird beginning. The atmosphere was sparse, nothing which would wow anyone.
Ok... PRICE? For the amount of food we ordered, we should have come away more than satisfied. We didn't. The portions are ridiculously small considering the prices are outrageously high. The value just wasn't there. Not even close.
Lets say for arguments sake the portions were better, the expense would still be way too high, but the review would be at a 3 star. (taste, quality)The atmosphere yawn,  nothing, the service was ok, again at the level of a 100+ per people expect and deserve more, better and be satiated.
So a hard 2 stars for this disappointment. The herd mentality is alive and well on YELP. 
FATTY SAYS SWING AND A MISS!!! Skip it and the Hype?Wanted to love . . . only kind of liked.  The food is all fine - not excellent, but pleasant enough . . . .just not pleasant enough for the price tag.  Go with light eaters; if you don't, there won't be much for you to eat!Came here with a few other couples for NYE. The ambiance was fantastic! Balloons on the ceiling, dimly lit, music not too loud, not noisy, very cozy and sexy. 
Service here was spot on! Props to the manager that night-when I told him one of our couples had recently gotten engaged he gave us a round of champagne to celebrate.
Food was phenomenal- wild boar chops, aged venison, lamb bolognese, a carnivore's dream! The squid was almost better than the squid I've had at Little Fish, the beet salad was very interesting with some broccoli rabe mixed in there as well.
Drinks were strong and delicious- blood and sand, as well as the gimlet, stick out in my mind.
Desserts at first looked odd (who wants a butternut squash dessert?) but sooo tasty! Only thing they need is some kind of super-chocolatey dessert and I'd give this place 5 stars.
Very professional place, great service, unique food.The food here is very good but unfortunately I probably wouldn't come back. Here's the "skinny:"
What did I order: 3 Oysters, soft shell crab sandwich. Comes with homemade potato chips. Two beers.
The good: Oysters were delectable - fresh - excellent. Nice beer selection - I had a beer I never heard of - Birra, and Italian lager. Sandwich was good - crab was fresh. A nice combination of flavors including a little spice, but not too overpowering. 
The bad: The portion size! And the price for that portion size. I'm embarrassed to admit that after spending $43.00 on my meal. I stopped in a fast food restaraunt on my way home and had fries. I was still very hungry. 
Overall: Go for a beer and an app. Wouldn't recommend for a substantial meal.I was really excited to try a.kitchen. With the attractive location on Rittenhouse and the small, chic interior, it looked like an excellent eatery. I can't say that was the case based on my experience. I actually wanted to email a manager directly, but their website does not offer a means to contact them. We made a reservation for restaurant week and arrived to the waitress telling us they aren't serving the restaurant week menu for Saturday lunch (see photo attached). This was not indicated in any way on their page on the CCD site. We ate anyway. The coffee I ordered was very bitter, hair on one of the plates, and just overall underwhelming. Service was fine, food was fine, but for the prices and the other confusion, I likely won't be back.Cute little restaurant in an excellent location adjacent to Riten House Square with a nice ambience. The menu was very good with a lot of different options for brunch. The service was very attentive and quick. That being said, I ordered the burger medium and it came out extremely well done. The burger was topped with one slice of cheese of one piece of lettuce - $18. We also ordered the salmon on rye which came out on very dry bread. Unfortunately the quality of the food was not justified by the price. Great service, options and location.Good place to eat tapas style as they have several small plates and salads. But they also have entrees if you prefer. But beware of salt! Lots of dishes are over salted! Don't go near the chicken on the brunch menu if you don't like really salty food! 
Food is all a bit pricey and nothing is amazing enough that you'll think about it after you leave.
Fresh oysters are great but pricey, 6 for $18.
Hamachi crudo great, two pieces, $13. Hit & miss...
Smoked beets $14, are served cold
Beef tartare $16, not great 
A few salads, Burrata $16 and Radicchio $15
Pretty good. Probably the favorite so far was the burger. Perfectly cooked and not too big. $17
Not sure why but it takes FOREVER to get a drink but a nice wine list. Martini's were either too weak or not cold. Seems like they need more... and more skilled bartenders. 
Servicer's are very good and knowledgeable. 
Eddi (?) was our favorite. She was very, very patient with my fussy dinner mate.
This place can get very loud when it's crowded.
Stayed at hotel for a month so had many meals. Wouldn't return as often if not for the convenience on snowy days and work picking up the tab. Better food is in walking distance...Review is of the cheddar and bacon burger on house made English muffin, and was take out.
GREAT burger! The quality of the meat was good and the sauce that they use was great. It came extra rare, which I LOVED!
This inst really a big or hearty burger like Whiskey Village or Rouge but damn if it wasn't tasty. I'll be having more of these. Probably my favorite burger in Rittenhouse.A. Kitchen is an utter disappointment. Went for brunch and service was very good and polished. I believe what they were shooting for were "thrice cooked" chips, a spotted pig fave. What we got were potato rocks with slightly sour taste. Kobe beef was chewy. High street and Fork are delicious but this needs work. You could do better in philly on a Sunday than this place for sure. Bread is awesome!I definitely see why a.kitchen has been named one of America's Best Wine restaurants. It was such a perfect evening with the temp at 78, leaving us in the mood for some outdoor seating and a nice glass of sparkling wine. Upon spying Cremant de Limoux, Domaine Collin, we knew that we were in for a really nice evening at this super chic restaurant. After the sparkling wine, we moved on to a glass of white, specifically the Chasselas Blend 'Alliance', Marc Tempe, 2014.
After wetting our palettes, it was down to a few shared plates. We started with fried pickles, hamachi crudo, and the spiced cauliflower. The pickles were good, but the hamachi and cauliflower were amazing! As I am sitting here and writing this review, I wish that I had ordered another side of the spiced cauliflower to go! For our main course, we decided on the seared walleye...fantastic! To end our meal, we wanted to keep dessert light, so we went with the rhubarb cream. Just a perfect way to end a fabulous meal.Great place for a drink and a bite. Great selection of spirits, wine and beer. We loved the cheese plate and fries. The staff was very helpful and provided great conversation. 
Being our first time in Philadelphia, we tried our best to  try out as many places as possible and after our first stop we went in search for another bar. We found A bar on Yelp and decided to stop in. As soon as we sat down the bartender greeted us and quickly delivered the refreshments. We had a great time talking with the staff and enjoyed the food and drinks.Came here with my friend to try the place out. Got a reservation in with the infamous "super bitchy" tiny Asian hostess HAHAHA no, she's actually VERY nice and friendly to guests. AAAAAnnnd also my younger sister. =P
We got a spot at the chef's counter which was really neat because watching them prepare the dishes was so much fun! We were intent on just a few dishes and a drink and then would go to a bar after, but we ended up getting some extra dishes and they were all so delicious. I especially loved the Octopus with watermelon. BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT.
The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. Its always a plus when you see the managers on the floor paying attention to the guests and helping out whenever they can.
The place can get very loud, but it is overall a nice place to eat in Rittenhouse.
The popular drink they had was a blue drink, I forgot the name of it, but it was good. I'm just not a fan of Malibu. 
We were stuffed afterwards, but had a great time and would love to come back to try more dishes.Just stopped in for a small snack - I had the Pork Belly Risotto Fritters ($9). The plate came with 3 fried balls filled with risotto (it really was more like plain rice) and pork along with a spicy mayo-based sauce. The fritters were very good and the sauce was a fantastic addition. 
Sitting at the kitchen bar I was able to see a lot of the different menu items prepared. The dishes definitely seemed a little small, but given the location and quality the prices aren't too too high.
They're serving free alcohol til the liquor license comes through (not sure how long this is going on), which is a great deal. The staff is welcoming and friendly and the atmosphere is very modern and chic. 
Definitely give it a try!I've had happy hour and breakfast at a.kitchen and a.bar and each time was very good and memorable.  We went there for brunch on a cold January morning and I kept thinking back to an Anthony Bourdain interview which said that cooks hate brunch, but restaurants love them because they are cash cows. The restaurant can bring out their B squad staff and food and most WASP will not know the difference.  This is totally what happened this morning at a.kitchen, but we noticed. We were served basic brunches; coffee was great, bacon limp and sad, potatoes were not their usual goodness. The meal was all around not worth the price and not worth going back on a Sunday. To be honest, it was the bacon. Sad sad bacon.The menu is creative, as is the presentation, but I definitely left hungry given the small portions. However, the server was wonderful and he kept us laughing throughout the meal.A. Kitchen is a step above on the Rittenhouse Restaurant Scene. Tim, the Wine Manager, has put together a small but high quality wine list. The food is  very interesting and quite good. Give the place a try. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Great! The brunch was delicious-albeit-plain and the drinks were flavorful.This lively, vibrant, lightly dim restaurant serves incredible food! 
Starting from appetizers and ending with a dessert, they delivered on point!
Loved everything about this place!I had hearts salad and a veal bolognese. Salad was OK. Veal bolognese was very enjoyable. Pasta was cooked well and tomato based sauce had good flavor with bits of veal. I don't know if they have a wine list but the Bernard Beaudry Chinon went well with everything although $15 for a 5 oz pour is a little steep since it is a $20 bottle.
Bartender was very attractive even though she did not smile. Waiter and hostess were fantastic!
Contemporary design was attractive.I'm a big fan of a.kitchen..in fact, I went for lunch two days in a row, because I wanted it again THAT badly. 
I went in pretty skeptical the first time, the items on the menu didn't seem that appetizing, and for tapas, seemed a little overpriced. But, I gave it a chance, because it's close to my boyfriend's apartment when I'm in town visiting. 
The layout is great. The ceilings are high, there's ample space between tables - feels cozy and intimate without being cramped. The perfect lunch spot. I love the big windows that open out onto the street, and the seating outside is so cute next to the park. I sat at the chef's bar the first time, and had this wonderful waitress who just wanted me to have the best lunch possible. I could tell she was making everyone's experience that much better. The HEATWAVE was in full force, so when I told her I wanted something light, she had the perfect suggestion...
the FARRO WITH BLUE CRAB AND PESTO. So awesome. The portions here are definitely big for tapas, and you definitely get your money's worth. The fresh crab was dressed to perfection, sitting on farro in a pesto sauce. It was so light but filling, and so good that the next day, I felt like I needed to go back for another try! 
On the next visit, I had the CAVATELLI WITH MUSSELS, which was also delcious and seasoned so well. Despite a creamy sauce, it still felt light, an again was perfectly portioned as lunch for one. 
The people next to me were raving about the steak, and I have to say, it looked pretty amazing.
Another nice touch is the bread. The baguette is delicious, just how I like it - not too doughy with a little crunch on the outside. The butter on the side is lightly salted, with a sprig of dill as an added bonus. When I sat at the bar, I saw that the waitresses cut the fresh bread and put the plate together, which just added to my positive perception of the service there. 
Loved it, and will definitely go back for more next time I'm in town!Stumbled on it for a Saturday brunch and came away extremely pleased.good and attentive service,excellent coffee,beautiful homemade English Muffins and eggs,Great for vegetarians. A very good brunch and would go back in a heartbeat.This is a wonderful spot in a great location next to Rittenhouse Square.  The service is excellent and the menu is innovative and fresh.  This should be on everyone's list of restaurants in the city.  The bar is outstanding and they can mix any drink or pour any wine or beer you would like.  
I had a wilted lettuce salad that was excellent with a ranch dressing that was both subtle and tart.  My entree was an free range chicken breast with garlic smashed potatoes and I had a side of the grilled asparagus.  Wow it was great.   The dessert was "meh" so that is why they get a 4 rather than a 5 star rating.
The service was attentive but not hovering over us.  I also enjoyed being able to watch the chefs prepare our dinner.
Yumb factor is quite high here!Found this great spot while shopping in Philly- delish food, great wine selection and excellent service! The open kitchen and intimate dining room is fun and energetic and our server was knowledgable and genuine. The risotto was to die for and so was the beet and goat cheese salad. We were also big fans of the asparagus salad, lamb, meatballs, bolognese pasta and the shortbread dessert. Yes, two people ordered all of that- can't wait to go back again! Also, I couldn't help but notice how actively involved every member of the staff was- simply seeing something that needed to be done and graciously doing so. Refreshing. Did I mention how awesome the food was?Went here for lunch and sat outside, just off Rittenhouse Square. Great location for sipping a glass of wine and people watching. The burger was great- so juicy, but the portions are kind of small. I'm a girl who likes to eat, and the burger came with hardly any fries.A friend and I ran into a.kitchen for a quick dinner on a Friday night. We chose to sit at the bar and were greeted by a  friendly bar tender who recommended we try the Moscow Mules.  I must say they were quite delicious. For our meals, I ordered the Nebrodini Mushroms, which if you are a mushroom lover you will die! My friend ordered the Caputo Brother Burrata, which they make in house and is quite heavenly. The service was quite prompt for a busy Friday night too! We will definitely be back to try the Kitchen Counter which is a 4-course meal chosen by the head chef.Dinner for two last night with an 8 p.m. reservation. For the food we started with the 3-cheese plate that was beautifully presented with a Spanish Indiazabal, Cabot cheddar and Jasper Hill blue along with accompanying various fruit chutneys.  We shared the "for 2" entree of the evening: wild striped bass stuffed with celery root along with a side of sauteed fall greens. The fish was delicious and the bitter greens were a nice complement to the richness of the fish.  We capped things off with a shared black currant sorbet and coffee. On to the service: Inconsistent and perplexing.  We weren't sure what our server's role was since he only appeared on occasion and in between those times a least 3 different people brought us our food and asked if we wanted second glasses of wine. He definitely wasn't very attentive. The space is small so the noise level was loud, so loud in fact that our server asked us to repeat ourselves on several occasions. Nice by-the-glass wine list. The crowd is young(ish) and trendy. Overall I really enjoyed the food but should I return I might do so on a weeknight when it might not  be be so hectic.We had been excited to go to A.Kitchen for dinner for a couple of weeks.  Walking by, the restaurant looked fun and interesting.  We finally made it out there on a Friday Night for dinner.
Food: 3.0 stars
We ordered the: 
-Warm Burrata for appetizer
-Scallops and Shrimp
-Tagliatelle with Lamb Ragu
and
-New York Strip.... They at 9pm on a Friday night had RUN OUT OF STEAK! Instead we tried the...
-Leg of Lamb, Treviso and Black Olives
The Warm Burrata was not warm.  One of the two Scallops were under cooked and the Shrimp was few and far between.  The Pasta in the lamb ragu was grossly undercooked to the point where the center of the Tagilatelle was nearly uncooked.  The lamb was delicious but the plate lacked dynamics and only featured bitter flavors. AND... seriously you run out of NY Strip at a higher end restaurant? Poor form.
Service: 3.0 stars
People were floating around throughout the restaurant but it seemed like they weren't doing anything.  Drinks took a while to come out and service was not great but not poor.  The restaurant needs to be more cohesive in its service and work to go the extra mile without being noticeable to everyone.
Location: 4.5 stars
Great location North of Rittenhouse Park on 18th Street.
Ambiance: 4.0 stars
The restaurant is very small and had to sacrifice indoor seating for the external kitchen and bar space.  Luck for them, they also have tables outside on the sidewalk.  The decor is clean and well done.
Price: 3.0 stars
Depending on how many drinks you have, expect to pay $30-50 per person.
Overall: 3.0 stars
The undercooked pasta was inexcusable.  The fact that they didn't have steak was unbelievable.  For a restaurant which flashes moments of high end gourmet cuisine in its dishes, the general experience falls short because of the issues with preparation and service.  
There are definitely better places to go at this price point.  A.Kitchen better make some changes/improvements because it will have to rely solely on its good location in the near future to maintain business at a high level.I really wanted to love this place and had high expectations after reading all the glowing reviews about the food. It's definitely a place for "foodies" and for a small plates restaurant the prices were very high. Ironically our favorite dishes were from the vegetable section of the menu, we were not planning on getting 3 dishes. The frisee salad with bacon and poached egg was fabulous, I could not stop eating it as was my husbands mushroom taleggio crepe. But things went down hill from there. The smoked octopus was chewy and the blue crab had shells in it, though the farro was delicious. The venison I had was cold and needed seasoning and my husbands short ribs were overcooked. Mistakes I would not expect from this kitchen. Drinks were good and our server excellent even on a very busy night. I probably would not come back any time soonThis was my third time here.  Lunch is definitely not as interesting as dinner in terms of menu.  Though I had always had excellent food here even if the place is a little stiff, this time the kitchen seemed very off.  I am not sure any of my colleagues enjoyed their his/her meal.  Grilled chicken salad came with sparse greens - including thinly sliced stalk of broccoli (um, is this what we are doing these days?) - and a dull watery yogurt dressing.  The chicken had a rubbery texture.  I could not tell if it had been smoked and then grilled. Anyway...The thing that was the worst is there were flies around us during the whole meal.  Not great when you are swatting  bugs away as you eat inside.It was Monday afternoon so hardly any visitors and a few of us stopped by for lunch. They had some sandwiches and salads on the menu, what you would expect. So duck salad was basically a few pieces of duck meat in a large pile of greens. And the price? Over a $20. I had a pork sandwich that looked good on the menu. It was basically two smallish over dried pieces of what resembled a schnitzel on a bun. Nothing else. $18. It took  5 attempts to get our waitress to understand that we wanted glasses for everyone at the table and entire bottle of wine on the menu.
To summarize - location is good but there are many more great places nearby to waste time and money on that one.My friend and I stopped in to a.kitchen for an early dinner tonight and were excited we were able to walk in and sit down without a wait! 
First off, this is not somewhere I would suggest coming to for an "experience." I was not overly impressed with the decor and the place is small. My intent was to have a great meal with a friend and it delivered completely. 
We ordered the cheese plate first which would probably be the only "eh" part of the meal. SUPER small amount for the price tag. I would skip even though it was delicious.
The rest of our portions were so big and I was so surprised. We were told we probably needed about 5 plates between the two of us and we absolutely could have each gotten a salad and shared one plate and had been full. No worries! We got to try more things and they were all delicious. 
My friend and I both got the Baby Arugula Salad, Shaved Mushrooms, Bresaola with Lemon Vinaigrette which was potentially one of the best salads I have had in the city. Salty, light and filling all at the same time. SO SO GOOD. 
We shared the Roasted Red Snapper with Saffron Potatoes, Fennel, Chorizo Nage and the Blue Crab Salad with Sardinian Cous Cous, Basil Pesto which were both awesome as well. The snapper was seasoned perfectly and the blue crab was ice cold and they did not skimp on the crap part whatsoever. Nothing worse than a luke warm, mayonaise-y blue crab salad. 
We went on to share the Roasted Chicken with Ricotta Gnocchi and by this time we were super full but still kept picking! The chicken was tender and the gnocchi and other little nibbles on the plate were delicious. I would recommend this as a whole meal for someone as well. 
We also had a plate of the Spaghetti Carbonara which I would say was a super small portion and could have done without it based on fullness and because it was just so-so.
All in all I can't wait to go back here. The service was not lacking, the food rocked and the location perfect. Yum!For a restaurant that just opened this week, a.kitchen is doing very well - I was pleasantly surprised! You can tell that there are some areas in which they are still getting their feet under them, but overall I had a great experience. 
The physical space is beautiful. I sat at the chef's bar, where I had a great view of all of the food as it was prepped - which is dangerous if you are the kind of person who wants to eat everything that looks good. The space is open and light and comfortable. Service was incredibly attentive - perhaps one of the perks of coming by when a place cares about making a good impression!
The beets with broccoli rabe and honey yogurt were excellent - I am a big fan of the pickled beets down the street at Village Whiskey, but I think these beat them out by just a smidge. The deciding factor is the honey yogurt, it is a lovely accompaniment for the beets. If they were open for lunch it would be a perfect mid-day entree; for dinner it was great as a starter on a hot, muggy day. The asparagus and artichokes were also a very good hot-weather pick. The pecorino cream was not overly heavy and the dish had a nice, light citrusy flavor. The only dish I didn't love was the pork belly risotto fritters. As a previous review mentioned, the rice tasted more like plain white rice than risotto. I thought the dish was too oily and a little bland. I can see how I might like the dish better in the fall/winter, though - it might have just been a mistake to order it in 90 degree weather! My waiter noticed that I did not enjoy the fritters and the dish was taken off my bill, which was unexpected but very appreciated. 
I wasn't going to eat dessert, but like I said - sitting at the chef's bar is dangerous. After watching them head out to another table, I tried the almond macaroons with plums. The macaroons had a great flavor - herbal and minty - although they were a little crumbly and hard to eat neatly (but whatever, who cares how you look when you're eating dessert?). The plums were absolutely perfect, I really enjoyed how seasonal the dessert was. 
Another unexpected surprise on this visit was that the restaurant is offering complementary beverages until their liquor license is in. I had a lovely white wine that my server recommended, it was deliciously light and fruity. I think this is another way in which the restaurant distinguished itself for me - they could have waited to begin serving alcohol until they had their license, but I am impressed at the way they chose to handle the situation. I am looking forward to returning to try more of the dishes I had a glimpse of this evening (the tagliatelli with veal ragu and chorizo stuffed calamari are first on the list!).My friends and family (a table of 9) visited a.kitchen this past (very busy) Saturday night.  We were delighted.  The tasting dinner was excellent, as was the wine.  Kaitlin, our server, was very attentive, efficient, and a delight to speak with. She helped make this a memorable meal.  Thank you!  Highly recommendedThe food is generally good, but pricey. Most of the dishes are considered small plates, so our server recommended we get 2-3 each; we felt full with 5 between the two of us and agreed we would limit to 4 next time (particularly since we liked the bread so much!)
In decreasing order of preference: 
-Scallops with Butternut Squash and Apple Cider - the scallops were sweet and nicely seasoned, but the squash was overly salty
-Blue Crab Salad, Sardinian Cous Cous, Basil Pesto - there is a generous portion of crab provided with the dish; note that there is very little "salad" aspect if you are looking for some greens
-Roasted Chicken with Ricotta Gnocchi - tasty dish with lovely light gnocchi
-Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Pecorino - very nice flavor, but I would have liked the sprouts to be a little softer
-Roasted Red Snapper, Saffron Potatoes, Fennel, Chorizo Nage - while the size of the fish was reasonable, I was not wild about the flavor of this dish.I ordered the grilled shiitake sandwich and it was absolutely delicious. That alone carries the four stars. My friend and I sat outside since the weather was nice. They set both chairs facing the street, suitable for people watching and looking out at the Rittenhouse square. My friend had the crispy shrimp with grits and was fairly satisfied, except "would have 2 more shrimps". Lol there are a few minuses such as slow service, and few selection of protein on the brunch menu. But all in all, a very enjoyable brunch experience.  :)Below the hype of expectations! From appetizer to dinner, everything was bad. The scallops and crab meat had a stale stench - the beet salad was not edible. We didn't finish even half of our food after spending a little over $100 for two people. 
Upside: the service was very friendly!Hearing who the chef of a.kitchen is, I was expecting an out of this world dinner. I was underwhelmed to say the least. They serve their food in small plates, but the servers didn't feel it necessary to explain this. The fried potatoes with saffron aioli....I've had better frozen from a bag. The calamari stuffed with chorizo had virtually no calamari; it merely served as a casing. The almond "macaroon" was described by the boyfriend as a rice cake with fruity jam. He wasn't far off. The one redeeming quality is the complimentary hooch. The bartender whipped up great cocktails all night. Otherwise, no reason to go back.I cook all the time over charcoal, so I was excited to stumble across this place while hunting for a dinner place near our hotel on Rittenhouse square.  Our party consisted of a 5-year-old child, two parents, and a grandmother.  To some, it seems strange to take a child to fine dining, but we have done this many times. It was nice that nobody gave us strange looks bringing a child into the restaurant, which has happened on a small fraction of those occasions.  That said, the menu was the the least child friendly of all of the 20 or 30 fancy restaurants we have taken her to.
 I understand that we are not the target market for such a restaurant.  But let me then make a suggestion:  don't then bill the plating as "family-style".  There was nothing at the restaurant for a child to entertain herself. I figure at least a small sheet for coloring and a 4-pack of crayons is not very expensive and easy to store somewhere. (A "Roys" location once gave her a Hawaiian themed activity book and a free choice of a toy from a treasure chest by the door that she played with for half of our visit.)  There was nothing very child friendly on the menu, even for our adventurous child who had eaten raw oysters just the day before.  We asked if a chef could make something simple -- grilled-cheese, say, or even a suggestion about something that might work -- 
and we were simply rebuffed.
The portion sizes seemed small compared to the giant portions so common in the US.  But they seemed good to me.  Grandmother eats very little, and hearing this, our server had a good idea about how much food would fill us up.  I don't like having so much food that I must decide between getting stuffed or boxing up leftovers.
The appetizers we chose were pretty excellent -- a yummy fried cauliflower appetizer, and tender grilled octopus.  The entrees and sides were disappointing.  The pork chop ordered by grandmother was extremely fatty, the duck was pretty typical duck -- nothing exciting -- and the richness of the mushrooms was lost in the richness of the other elements of the dish.  My branzino was well cooked and very good, so I was the lucky one in our group.  Fortunately, because the meal is family style, my wife got some. But grandma didn't want any.
We sat outside in front of the restaurant, a very pleasant seating arrangement if you like people-watching, and even with the city bustle it was much quieter than inside the restaurant.  I think we were visited by three different servers; they work as a team.  They were friendly, attentive, and knowledgable about food.  
With the multitude of seemingly excellent restaurants in the area to explore, I won't choose this one again for some time.What a great meal i had at this place! I brought my boss here when on Tuesday for a work dinner. I have never been before but heard good things.
This location is pretty small and i believe it is connected to its sister location, A. Bar, through the back. 
We made a reservation ahead of time and were seated right away. I looked at the menu prior to but when we sat down, the menu we were given was a little different. It all looked amazing. 
We ordered their cauliflower dish and the roasted carrots dish as appetizers. So good. The cauliflower was roasted and in an avocado puree of sorts. Delish. The carrots were on a bed of cous cous with fennel head ferns - can we say SPRING!? YUM. 
For dinner, my boss had the chicken dish but I ordered the duck breast. Let me tell you, the duck did not disappoint. It was thick and juicy and tender and excellently dressed. Our server was fantastic. He was very knowledgeable of the menu, provided great opinions and even through together a lovely mocktail for my boss, who doesn't drink. 
when it came to dessert, the server suggested the buckwheat pound cake. We were skeptical.. i mean, its buckwheat. But he told us how it was seemingly the essense of the location and all the ingredients were sourced locally, so we figured, why not? It was served with a buckwheat ice cream and was actually really good. I was pleasantly surprised! When i think of buckwheat, i instantly imagine cardboard. not the case at all. 
My only gripe is the table placement. We were seated pretty much in the middle at a 4 top. No big deal but the towards the end of the night, the back of my chair and my bun became the target of many servers passing through behind me. I tried many times to scoot myself up, to the side, to the other side with no luck. I didn't want to move tables because we were already pretty settled and didn't switch seats as to not be too awkwardly close to my male boss..  I probably got bumped in the back of the head at least 4 times. 
but other than that, great experience.Decent brunch, underwhelmed by the food for the price.
Coffee was VERY strong, didn't finish a whole cup.
We got an English muffin egg and cheese sandwich, which was good but not great, eggs Benedict which again was good but not great, and the mushroom scrapple which was bland and more of a cornmeal cake with mushroom than it was scrapple. 
On the positive side the food came out fairly quickly.
Will not be returning.One of my recommendations for a classier brunch in the heart of Rittenhouse. I'm a big fan of the steak and eggs here - they do a skirt steak with chimichurri sauce that is quite unique. Excellent pastries too!A. Kitchen was fine.  Went there on a whim for lunch with a friend -- we each ordered a glass of wine and a sandwich.  It was July 4th and they were fairly slow.  Our server was very kind and attentive.  The wine selection was nice, but fairly overpriced in my opinion, especially considering the size of their pours.  They also have lines on their wine glasses marking the volume of the pour... I suppose it's a good way to avoid any confusion with customers thinking they're being shorted, but we found it a bit tacky.  My sandwich (brie & speck) was very tasty.  Overall pleasant experience, but probably not a place I will dine at again.A nice, romantic restaurant for a night out with someone special!
Service was fine, wine was great, food was good. We tried several dishes (the small plates are pretty small- you need maybe 2 small plates/apps and one entree per person to make a meal out of it!) and all were good. All dishes were very interesting takes on the ingredients- I've definitely never tried anything with those flavor combos before! The octopus was really good, probably my favorite! The spiced cauliflower was also really good. 
I'm glad we went and tried what we did, but I feel like the prices were too high for the amount of food we got, and so, we will probably not come back.We visited the night before a very stressful surgery for my husband and had a fabulous dinner at a. Kitchen. The staff was amazing!! They were very accommodating, as I was walking with a cane and made every effort to accommodate my gluten sensitivity. The atmosphere was funky, hot  and fun and the vibe was extremely relaxing. I highly recommend it for any and all occasions.Amazingly well-crafted farm-to-table food and expert service. We had the grilled baby romaine, roasted carrots with cous cous, lobster with mint, and goat cheese panna cotta washed down with the agave maria margarita. Our plates were scraped clean by dueling forks. Delicious!I am all for good, locally sourced food but A. Kitchen was a disappointment.  The food was mediocre at best, and the servings were so tiny! Definitely not a place for value. But beyond that the server was not friendly and did not seem to care much for being there. He kept going to the bar and talking to the bartender rather then be more attentive. Also the noodles in the pasta dish was very overcooked and soggy.  
Would not recommend or return.Delicious evening at a.kitchen.  My partner, who is an outstanding cook himself, said, "It's been a long time since I've been as satisfied with a dinner as this."  The flavors were complex yet coherent.  The flavors knew what they were supposed to accomplish.  I particularly loved the use of rhubarb on a salad.  My partner loved the blackberry sauce that came with the lamb belly.  A meal that was truly a taste of summer.  (Great polite quiet service, too!). Our dinner exceeded our high expectations.My daughter raved about a.kitchen for brunch so I decided to check it out for lunch. It was ok. Not great. I thought some of their presumably high gourmet techniques like leaving the heads and shells on the grilled shrimp appetizer wasn't the greatest. Sure, some people like the heads, but with the shells still on it's clear the shrimp can't be properly cleaned and deveined. I'm personally not a big fan of crunchy shrimp. Wine list was pretty blah and overpriced. My grilled broccoli/vegetable salad with sprouted grains was also pretty blah. I got a lot of chewy grains and barely any vegetables, and had to ask for extra cheese for a bit more flavor. Maybe brunch and dinner are better, but I'm not inspired to go back.I had to choose three stars, because it's A-OK, right?
But truly, it does not deserve more, possibly less. 
So the concept is that they use a Japanese-style charcoal grill to prepare almost every dish, and it gives this special taste (and smell to the restaurant, and quite possibly your clothes). 
It is very pricey (small portions of meats, with no sides included), and not that great: the wagyu was OK, but not melt-in-mouth amazing, the chicken was good (with a spicy BBQ sauce). The side of potatoes (extra $8) was so rich, it was impossible to eat more than 3 bites without feeling overwhelmed by the butter and white creamy sauce (mayo? triple cream? liquid lardo?) on top. The bread was OK, but nothing spectacular (Dandelion and Le Parc both have better breads, and theirs are free) and the 'house-made' butter was really really weird. Apparently it's the live culture that creates a funky/cheesy smell and taste. It's definitely not for everyone (personally, I thought it tasted rancid). And the bread+butter are $5...
The grilled cornmeal cake with ice cream was very so-so. Cornmeal cakes are heavy, and grilling it does not make it better at all. They were trying to carry the grilling concept over to the dessert menu, but it's just a silly idea. And the ice cream had virtually no taste.
Final issue, my wife couldn't find any red wine she liked. And wines by the glass are expensive: hers was $15 and wasn't special.
In that price range, we have many better options nearby. Not coming back.I was pretty disappointed with my lunch here. Started off with the carrot salad, and then I got the eggplant sandwich. The carrots were way under cooked and far too crunchy to my liking. Practically raw. The eggplant parm sandwich was also underwhelming. There were several small pieces of deeply Fried eggplant. I would preferred one large piece of lightly fried eggplant. The french fries were good, but it's not that hard to make good french fries. Service was very slow. They even gave us a free grilled lettuce to apologize for the slow service, but I was not a fan of that dish either. The only reason I give it two stars is because my friend ordered the beef tartare, and he said that was very good. Sadly I will not return.a. beet salad full of soft, oozing red beets seated on a large fluffy cloud of airy, semi-sweet mascarpone.
+
a. glass of the smoothest pinot noir.
+
a. bowl of 5 large, luscious, juicy shrimp speckled with black pepper, swimming in a cool sea of saffron broth with soft tomato pieces, and topped with spicy tortilla strips.
+
a. small plate of chopped chilled asparagus resting complacently on a bed of creamy orange puree.
=
a. wonderful meal.Disappointed, with a capital D.  First, we had a reservation, and understood that outdoor dining was first-come-first-served.  We stood with our pups for a good 10 minutes before they allowed us to sit at the one empty table, which had been empty since we arrived.   Second, the food.  My daughter's entree arrived a good 10 minutes before mine.  The server was very apologetic, and offered us a free cocktail.  As for the taste of the food....my halibut was delicious.  My daughter's skate with carrot puree was not to her taste at all.  We shared my entree, and left  her entree uneaten.  Sorry, but the free cocktails could not override the other issues we had with the meal.  Too many options in Rittenhouse area.  I won't return.was excited to try a. kitchen, but minus a star because portions are so small for the price per dish. although a.kitchen  claims to NOT be a tapas restaurant, asking patrons to order 2-3 dishes of small plates per person, at $14-$18 per plate begs the question....so what are you exactly? the food was actually very good, but for the three of us, among 8 main dishes, plus wine, and dessert- we left craving a good burger/hearty slice of pizza. the bill probably left room for just that actually. not that i am against paying a lot for good food, but when you have places like amada, which actually IS a tapas restaurant where you leave feeling full and satisfied (and probably pay less despite it being a garces` restaurant), it's hard to justify a place like a.kitchen.
some amazing dishes we had were the lobster muffins- large succulent pieces of lobster between two buttery slider-ish buns- you must order this! the foie gras, and the blue crab w/ pesto were also stars. i wasn't a fan of the pork (or beef??) tongue over lentils. i normally love lentils and have had pork & beef tongue before the but the lentils had a strange texture+flavor, and the tongue was a bit dry. i would skip this. the chocolate panna cotta was very, very good, as was the coffee at the end. 
it's a tasty place to try a few dishes, and i love the decor. very warm, simple, yet modern, with large windows that face 18th street (great for people watching).  a great place for a date in terms of atmosphere, but don't expect to get full.A friend and I stopped by a.kitchen while it was still under construction and chatted with the owner. The concept seemed right up my alley, but it has sadly taken me this long to dine there. An Indian summer night encouraged us to enjoy the intimate outdoor dining. I'm disappointed we didn't come here sooner! The cocktails were delicious (albeit extremely expensive...$12 and $14 for quite tiny drinks). We started our meal with the sweetbreads and octopus, both of which were fantastic. The flavors were spot-on. We then shared the cacio e pepe, a simple but well-flavored pasta dish. Unfortunately, the pasta took "al dente" to a whole new level. We actually requested that they remake the dish because the pasta was so hard it was getting stuck in my teeth. The second dish was just as bad. Rather than asking again for another dish, we ate it and focused on the great flavor rather than the crunchy pasta. I would have loved some bread to sop up the delicious sauce, which was made creamy by a cracked-open sunny side up egg. Overall, we had a very good dining experience. The place is pricey and the undercooked pasta was disappointing. But the dishes were inventive and flavorful and I'm sure we'll be back!A.kitchen gets A D-grade for food.
Which is disappointing - because with the chef pedigree, the location, gorgeous design interior with open kitchen, you would think you're in for an A+ meal. But not so, my foodie friends, not so.
Perhaps we're poorly ordering over and over again, but the salads and sandwiches just aren't up to snuff.
Service is a bit detached, cold. 
Salads lack a bit of color, a lot of flavor - terribly bland.  But the definite stand-out disappointment were the mushroom croquettes- its contents and sauce were so off-putting, so much so that both my lunch companion and I had a terrible after-taste that lingered long after the meal was over.
One highlight however, was the delicious homemade English muffin that had the right amount of fluffiness, crunch with a hint of sweetness and this thankfully was the only factor that took a simple deli tuna salad to a more gourmet level.
Otherwise, a very average, expensive lunch all around.I have always loved this place, until tonight.  Horrible service, drinks not available, pasta just so-so, extremely long wait for dessert.  I probably won't go back.This was our first visit to a.kitchen for brunch and we were not disappointed. We had standard brunch drinks - Bellini and Bloody Mary - which were fine, but the food was definitely the star of this meal. The pastry basket could possibly be the best deal in the city - three phenomenal pastries for less than $5! These are huge pastries - definitely meant for sharing! We both had the crab cake Benedict, which was divine as well. We will definitely add this to our regular brunch rotation!Portions are pretty small for the price, but everything I have tried has been excellent, from the seasonal spiral pastas to the carrots. If you are starving, this is not your spot. But if you are looking for some refined bites, head on over- especially in warmer months when the outdoor seats are available.A.Kitchen is a great spot for weekend lunch at the corner of Rittenhouse Square. The menu is pretty modern with a mixture of Nordic, American and French style kitchen. Portions are not huge but you will not leave hungry either - amazing selection of freshly baked bread. Atmosphere is trendy with a bar for eating facing the open style kitchen. We were a bit concerned about food smells hanging in our clothes afterwards but there wasn't a hint. Will come back for sure!I want to love this place but the food just doesn't thrill me. The place is in a great location and has a pleasant atmosphere. The servers are courteous and attentive. The menu options generally offer something out of the ordinary which adds interest. Unfortunately, often the taste falls short of delicious. The arugula salad was very stemmy (I know it doesnt have to be that way because I have had much more leafy arugula elsewhere), the trout, a large portion, tasted good but not great, and the cookies were disappointing. The rating of 3 stars says A-OK but I would leave out the A.i wanted to love it.  i love the location, i love the friendly vibe that i got walking in the door.  but the food was way darn overpriced.  and although good--nothing special.  i paid $6 for rolls?  tiny tiny rolls?  turnips for $7?  that fit into a tiny bowl (and i couldn't taste the miso?) and wagyu steak...  i think there were about 3 pieces on my plate.  although tasty, i felt still half hungry and wanted to get a slice of pizza afterwards.Felt rushed, had the dorade whole fish and it was awful was sick all night.  Limited menu. Loud and bad acoustics.  Will not go again.Best 4 bites I've had in a while! This place has a great location, and pretty good food.  They should definitely warn their patrons about the small plates. This place is more like an extremely expensive tapas place. Had they not served free liquor I'd probably be disappointed. 
Good thing I'm on a diet!Expensive brunch place. Beer comes in small glasses. Cheaper and better places around.The food here is decent. It's not bad by any means but just ok. 
My beefs with a.Kitchen are that the menu is limited when you go for brunch and want more of a lunch item (they have all of three sandwiches on the menu). It's also way too small in here, and unless you are a gossip queen, you will probably hear way too much about who or what the next table over did last night.
They do have really good homemade english muffins, though...One of my favorite places to sit and get a glass of wine in the city. Every staff member is friendly and courteous. The food is amazing, they cook it right there behind you, and the wine is even better! They offer a wide variety of wines and the waiter or waitress explains each one perfectly. I took my mom here for lunch recently and she loved it too!found this place by accident and what a lucky break. the food was amazing. our waiter was super helpful and informed. also loved the cozy vibe and low noise level. loved it!Loved the atmosphere and the service. The grilled caesar salad was over cooked to the point of soggy and soaked in dressing. Seared walleye with green almond romesco sauce was crispy and flakey, but salty. Across the board, everything was too salty, from the High Street Sourdough with house butter (with sea salt atop) to the salad, the main course, and the chocolate custard with candied (and salted) almonds.A sophisticated restaurant that, alongside the adjacent a.bar and aka Rittenhouse Square hotel, is part of quite a budding lifestyle-brand empire. 
As for a.restaurant, the "power lunch" is a good way to sample their offerings at a good value. It comes with an appetizer-sized serving of either salad, seafood ("fruits of the sea"), or veggies ("of the season"), plus an entrée selection. 
I chose the beets a la grecque, accented with blueberry, olives, and goat cheese, which were a pleasant way to start the meal. The salmon on rye, accompanied with cucumber, cloumage, and soft egg, was quite a savory dish, with none of the fishy taste you'd see with low-quality ingredients. 
The restaurant is a fairly compact, bar-sized venue that seats about a dozen people at a counter wrapping around the food prep area, plus another 20-30 people at tables overlooking the street. I stopped by late in the lunch cycle and while the hostess was on top of her game, the waitress, while certainly getting most of the professional touches right, was clearly unenthusiastic about serving another customer. Sometimes experiences like these can leave a bit of a sour taste on what was otherwise quite a good meal.The small plate revolution continues. It was really delightful to be honest. Great cocktails, wonderful wine list, and every plate we had, but one (the extra fatty pork belly) was to die for. Four eaters, with four very different preferences, all left satisfied. Not easy, but totally worth it.
Our server was awesome and so it the ambiance of the place.This place is amazing! Great food, drink, and service. I highly recommend the duck breast, potatoes, and stuffed squid.Every dish exceeded my already high expectations. Innovative and friendly with a great atmosphere.A kitchen 
This was probably my third time eating here and it is high time I wrote a review.
 Tonight I tried their house made nocino for the first time. It is spirits that are allowed to sit with unripe and green walnuts and then the walnuts are removed and the spirits mixed with simple syrup to give it a very sweet taste. At a kitchen the nocino is mixed with coriander.
The wine was a sweet Cabernet blend château LaRocque 2013 cotes de France. 'Twas an ancient working farm in the heart of armagnanc, cassis tobacco, cloves silky tannins. 
Started within the amuse bouche  thin cracker with a black sauce. Very tasty. 
High Street sourdough- vegetable ash house made butter. The most interesting thing here was the vegetable ash which is grilled vegetables that have literally been burnt to ash which I sprinkled on the bread which gives it an earthy flavor. 
Sweet Amalia oysters half-dozen grilled lime mignonette. Wianno cape cod were served in lieu of the amalia oysters. Still a suitable substitute. 
Grass fed PA beef Tartare- crispy potato skins béarnaise.  The beef tartare was very flavorful and the presentation with the potato skins soaked in a malt vinegar sauce was very interesting. 
See scallops roasted cauliflower curtido Aji dulce. Probably my favorite dish of the night the cauliflower purée was fantastic.
Rutabaga gratin sweet potato havilah brown butter. Interesting take on sweet potatoes. Very tasty, loved the grated cheese on top. 
Spiced cauliflower black garlic avocado. Very good the avocado sauce was very tasty it seemed to be spiced with jalapeño pepper or something because it had quite a kick to it at the end. It was also very sweet.   Greek yogurt avocado lemon purée shallots on top the black garlic drizzle and the grilled pickled peppers give it the spice.
Overall excellent as usual and service was impeccable as always.Return? Definitely
Atmosphere (4) - Clean, spacous enough, easy to carry on a conversation. Located on nice street near park
Food (4) - , hamachi crudo (5 - hot mustard nice addition), smoked beets (4), nebrodini mushrooms (3), chicken (3+ - greens side 4+), carrot cake (3 - little dry, too much cream cheese)
Service (4) Almost too nice, not rushed
Cost = Total tab before tax/tip was $122 w/ 3 glasses of wine (4 - picpoul)Horrible. 
We were one of two tables and the service was insanely slow and the waitress just seemed confused and lost.  
Cold bacon, burnt toast, soggy 'crisp' potatoes with a weird sauce. 
Do not go here.I have been wanting to eat here basically since I heard it opened, and was happy to get a chance this week for lunch.
The hostess sat us right away.  It was a sunny day and my friend and I sat at a spacious table near the open windows.  Great spot to people watch and take in the beautiful day.  Water and bread came out right away and the server gave us the appropriate amount of time to view the menu.  We started with the beet and broccoli rabe.  The beets were cooked perfectly and the honey yogurt sauce's sweetness complimented them well.  The broccoli was a little overcooked and had a bit of a bitter taste that I wasn't crazy about.
I ordered the chicken pancetta sandwich with age provolone.  The portion was pretty big and it came with homemade chips.  The chicken was moist and the panetta was fresh and tore easily.  The bread was soft and the right thickness.  The dressing used (some type of red pepper I think) was good but extremely runny/ messy. I was continuously wiping my hands.  Which brings me to another downside.  The napkins.  They provided us with bar rags, which presentation wise isn't great but what got me was that it got lint all over your clothes.  My friend and I were both wearing black dresses and it was annoying to have to wipe all the lint off afterwords.  The only other downside was that after we finished our meal, it took awhile for the check.  Normally, I do not mind though during lunch service I would expect it to be a bit faster.
I will definitely go back to try out brunch and dinner.  Overall, it's a nice addition to rittenhouse.Wonderful food with great small atmosphere and excellent drinks and waiters. We ordered the Seared Rare Tuna Caesar Salad and Three-Cheese Plate for appetizers and we recommend this so highly as well as the items for dinner. For dinner we had the Chili Glazed Swordfish, the Grilled Scottish Salmon, and the Lamb Bolognese with Tagliatelle. What an excellent combination and highly professional and well-cooked and not too long of a wait. It's a perfect night-out yearning for a second visit.Was good went to rest week service was nice water never empty main course we're good desert was lame average cup of wine $12Tiny place,a bit loud, and expensive, but delicious food, terrific cocktails, and really attentive and helpful service.BRUNCH REVIEW.
We made reservations at A.kitchen for Mother's Day brunch, it was a perfect day and they had the doors open and everything was pretty much open air.  We were sat immediately and the service was great and not too overly attentive.  We started off with the 4 pastries, all of them were very good, not as good as the doughnut misto at Alla Spina but definitely up there.  I ordered a cocktail, the Standard Breakfast which was very good, I had 2 and coffee which was nice and strong.  For the mains we went with the rhubarb french toast and the wagyu steak and eggs with a frenched onion and potatoes.  Everything was awesome, the steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the potatoes were hot and crunchy.  The onion and eggs (over-easy) were also well prepared.  There are 2 reasons why I didn't rate this place 5 stars, one is because everything on the menu was pretty safe and after our dinner at Fork I expected something a little more adventurous.  Second, the timing for the arrival of the entrees was a bit off, 1 arrived and we sat awkwardly for 3-4 minutes until the other arrived, it is somewhat nitpicky I realize and it wouldn't prevent me from dining there again but at an upscale restaurant like this I would expect the timing to be on point.  Overall a quite enjoyable morning right off the square and I would absolutely recommend A.ktichen for brunch and I look forward to returning some time in the future for dinner.I have to say, I wasn't much of a fan!  
Came here for dinner not long ago for a celebratory dinner and found myself leaving with an empty wallet along with an empty stomach.
Great wine selection and the menu appear to be appetizing, but dishes are small and not dignified enough to justify being priced at the rates they are.  The warm field green salad was soaked in oil and felt like something I could have made in my kitchen with a clove of garlic and spinach.  
I will say that the mushroom stuff quail was amazing.  We also had the corkscrew pasta with pancetta which was good but not mind blowing.
Regardless, I'd give it another shot but not immediately.  The ambiance is romantic and you're offered a great view of the park, yet the vibe is a little a haughty for my linking.Service was terrible. No greeting from the server- just "do you guys know what you want?" The server forgot part of our order and still charged us. No one ever stopped back by to ask how we were doing. There were plenty of people on staff and just a sprinkling of customers. Food was  mediocre at best. Extremely disappointing. We wanted to stay for dinner but decided to skip it and go somewhere else.Back for a 2nd visit last night.   Reservations at 7:30 on a Friday night for 4 of us.   Arrived early and had a great glass of wine at the bar while we waited.   The space is great and we had a very friendly server.   The food was GREAT.   We ordered 7 different plates and my favorites:
Asparagus with pecorino cream and egg - My favorite of the night - perfect balance 
Calamari with Chorizo meatballs - it seems they have changed from a tomato sauce to more of a tomato broth.  I preferred it more when it was a sauce 
Mushroom Crepes - they were delicious - rich and delicious 
Spaghetti with black pepper- tiny portion but delicious.  We ordered a 2nd plate it was so good.
Corkscrew with duck - loved the fava beans in this dish, didnt expect to enjoy this one but was one of my favorites.  
I didnt care for the Chicken Risotto - everyone agreed here.  Pass on this dish.  I also didnt care for a raw fish dish that was added last night.   Tasted fishy to me.   
We had several cocktails each and wine and shared a dessert at the end.  The total with tip was $240....I didnt think it was bad at all for a party of 4 - we ate well.I stumbled into a.kitchen one morning with a friend from out of town because there was a 45 minute wait at the place we were planning on eating, and we were two seriously hungry girls. It's in a prime location right on the corner of rittenhouse square and I'd passed by it hundreds of times but never bothered to check it out. We were seated as soon as we walked in and proceeded to order coffee (REALLY good coffee and bottomless!), the trio of pastries, the rittenhouse slam, and greek yogurt with granola to share. They ended up giving us scrambled eggs on the slam instead of over easy, and brought us an entire new slam complete with the potatoes, bacon, and greens...and then they left the old one on the table so we just ended up eating both. It was the perfect brunch - well rounded and delicious. A little pricey but absolutely worth it considering there was zero wait time and we essentially got a free dish!A few years ago, I spent my time wandering through Germany looking for the perfect gausthaus....it should have great beer, tasty food, a decent view, and reasonable prices.  Researching the Perfect Gausthaus was, in some ways, the highlight of my life!
Fast forward a few years to Philadelphia, PA...where lo and behold, I find a place that would have certainly made my Top Ten Perfect Gausthaus list!  
Although I didn't order food, they did serve up a very nice Pilsner for me and allowed me to take it outside to a table!  The weather in Philadelphia was cooperating so it was a pleasant evening to sit outside and enjoy the view and vibe.
Everybody in town is so friendly, people kept passing by saying, 'Hello' and smiling!
I might move here.So we decided to go somewhere else. A.kitchen is new, and Jah forbid Rittenhouse have a new eatery that we haven't tried. My party was off to A.kitchen. 
Oh Christ, it's small plates. Que the panic. How many do I get? Can i just get my own, I really don't like to share. What is everyone else getting? Is it weird if we order the same dish? I see there are three categories, are you supposed to get one of each. 
Small plates dysfunction my nerves. 
The waiter calmed me a little by recommending an excellent glass of wine. I did not let on about my uncertainty, but listened politely as he explained some of the dishes. I had to admit they were creative and appealing sounding. 
I bravely ordered chicken risotto and saffron potato's from their respective list. 
The food was great, but the potato's came out well before the chicken. I was stuck eating a plate of potato's by itself. Apparently this is where the sharing thing comes in handy. 
All in all, the food was very good and the service was great. I will go back. This time I will be prepared, but I'm still not sharing.The menu is amazing. There is a lot of innovation and creativity in the dishes. What's not okay is the price that they try to justify by calling dishes share plates. 25-40 dollars for a main dish that consists for 4 bites is over the top. The duck main course (cooked perfectly) came out with 2 little slivers of duck breast. High prices come with great food but I need more than an appetizers worth of food in return.We started with the baby lettuce hearts, blue cheese, pears & walnuts- simple, well flavored, tasty.  I loved the roasted cauliflower but the curried lobster broth was a little too much - I understand the "modernist cuisine" but it did not enhance the flavors in any way.  We ordered the taleggio & porcini crêpe w/ forest mushroom gravy, but I do not remember it in any way which makes me believe it was mediocre.
Half my party went crazy for the blue crab with farro & pesto-- I however was not fond of the creamy crab salad atop teh pesto laced grains, I thought the combination was a bit bizarre.  I did love the seared scallops w/ choucroute & my top dish of the evening was the roasted grouper w/ salsify risotto & bottarga.  The white fish was flaky & flavorful and the creamy risotto was spectacular. I tried half of a cornmeal-crusted oyster w/ remoulade which was tasty (would be ideal on a Sunday afternoon on the bay!).  We had the spiced venison w/ brussel sprouts, blue cheese & apples, again a decent dish cooked perfectly.  And we took the waiters suggestion and ordered his fave dish: the duck w/ corkscrew pasta, wild mushrooms, butternut squash- very flavorful, if you like duck, you will love this! 
Greta execution, a solid meal.Overall this was "Meh". Food was average at best, table was way too small for 3ppl, staff lacked any real menu or wine knowledge. Way too many restaurants in Philly to ever warrant a return visit here. Not for me.Update review: 
Came here for brunch today with friends. This is the first time I've been here since it's been under new management/chef. It was one of a few brunch spots that was open last minute for 4 people.
The good: 
- can make a last minute brunch reservation here on Open Table
- they made a nice,strong Negroni- my go to drink
- service was attentive and nice, as well as accommodating as we had a stroller
- bacon was delicious and cooked perfectly. Potatoes in my Rittenhouse Slam were great.
The not so good:
- food was overpriced, esp given the portion size, which I thought was a nice size.
- no toast or some kind of carb with my Slam, or any of our dishes.
- menu for brunch uninspiring. Not sure what the menu was like for dinner but if it's anything like the brunch menu, I wouldn't go back except for a drink. Under the old management the menu was more unique.
- my eggs were slathered in butter. It was all I could tasteWandering by on 18th St. I stopped into A. kitchen for a leisurely lunch. The roasted fluke with what amounted to a deconstructed gazpacho ( tomato, cucumber and a cilantro purée )  was flavorful and really played on the palate. A side of the honey and roasted garlic zucchini was a great compliment. The portions are small and it is expensive. Frankly this whole movement of "small plates" is annoying and duplicitous. You're paying entree prices for apps. There's no denying the quality of ingredients and execution but enough. Worth every penny was the vanilla yogurt panna cotta in a honey sauce perched on a short bread round. Exquisite, divine more more more. Service staff was fabulous. Glasses refilled almost while you drank and any server passing would attend to whatever your table required unsolicited.Great Restaurant, Small so can get quite busy.  Make reservations or be prepared to wait.   Food is amazing and changes every day, try to sit at the high table around the kitchen so you get to see everything.   desserts are very good and service is great!On a whim I tried a.kitchen after finding it here on Yelp.  Got lucky with a cancellation, and got right in on a beautiful Sunday afternoon for brunch with the wife and in-laws.  Had the stuffed French toast paired with 2 eggs scrambled. Have to admit that it didn't look like much quantity-wise, but when I put my fork down I was as stuffed as the French toast, and had all but licked my plate clean, it was that good!  
Atmosphere-wise the place is "clean", properly lit, and not too crowded.  The smell from the grill making use of a real wood fire is amazing (if you like that sort of thing) and I'm sure that anything in the red-meat category coming from that grill would have been fantastic as well.  Great place, fantastic staff and food, and highly recommended: go here!!I arrived at the downtown hotel early and was hungry for a nice breakfast.  Yelp, guided me to a.kitchen and I couldn't have been happier with what I was about to experience.
As it was just little 'ol me, I was asked by the hostess if I wanted to sit up at the chef's table, a counter-style area facing the open kitchen.  Seemed like a good suggestion to me!
The server, Lee, was there promptly with water and asked if I wanted coffee.  Yes, please - this came quickly and was very good, as were the frequent refill offers.
I looked at the menu while watching one of the chef's at work in the kitchen.  My pick for breakfast?  Eggs Benedict - a classic and since they said they make their hollandaise sauce fresh, I had to try it.  As a side note, their muffins are freshly made in-house too, and they are fantastic.
By the time my eggs arrived, another chef was in the kitchen and since they weren't too busy, both were very responsive to my few questions and requests (another small tub of hollandaise sauce, please!?).  It was a Saturday morning around 11am and I was, by this time, the only one at the counter-seating, so I thought questions were ok.......
The Benedict was superb, the muffin perfect and the ham very well cooked.  The hollandaise was outstanding atop the perfectly poached eggs.
Love the decor of the place, the chef's table/counter seating, the menu and the service.  These things, as well as being a short walk from our downtown hotel, will be bringing me back - probably soon and maybe for dinner too, this time!This little restaurant is on the corner of rittenhouse square and packed with deliciously good food. I came here for a dinner date and definitely left feeling satisfied. We ordered some small plates (rice cakes, steak platter, steam clams, smoked beets).  They were all delicious. For dessert, we ordered the toasted oat ice cream with pound cake and the custard. Both were amazing. I especially enjoyed the toasted oat ice cream.The ambience is second to none.
The drinks are $12, yikes. But they are VERY good, and strong. Not the typical shlep somewhere else, these are real craft-drinks made in front of you.
Food was VERY good, although VERY small portions. We did the tapas, small plate thing.. the scallops are tremendous. Dont go here starving.
Sit at the bar, get a good view of the street, and the restaurant. Good ppl watching, and conversation here.We were wandering by when we noticed this new restaurant. Seemed busy, the menu looked interesting, so why not? We sat at the chef's counter, which turned out to be a happy mistake - it took us 20 minutes to figure out which few of all the great looking dishes we should order!! The food was terrific, the show spectacular (Val was really fun to watch as he calmly conquered the evening rush), and the staff and managers very friendly. We'd been told by the server about (and could see) portion size, so we ordered 4 plates - all were superb. As an owner of a restaurant myself, I can testify to the skill of this team, putting out a really quality experience after only a week of operation. Good show, mates!We were in Philly for a wedding and met up with two other couples for brunch at a.kitchen. The decor is super trendy, and they had most of the front open, so it felt like you were dining outside. The menu for brunch is pretty small and had pretty high price points. I ended up ordering the eggplant cutlet sandwich. I enjoyed my sandwich, but I wish I had gone with a more traditional brunch because the Rittenhouse Slam looked great! One of our friends ordered a bunch of sides, and those were the best part of the meal. I really enjoyed the crispy potatoes and the sauteed spinach.Let me start my review by saying that nothing negative I have to say has anything to do with the food.  
I had booked a dinner for 7 of my high school friends almost 5 weeks before the actual visit to the restaurant.  I feel like that is enough to show the restaurant that we really wanted to be there. We had to wait 40 minutes to be seated.  Now, to be fair, the restaurant  called around 6:55 to tell us that we would not be seated on time.  I think that is a fantastic practice.  However, they said 15-20 and it was more like 40.  And if it were me running a restaurant, i would have comped a dessert or 2 or maybe a couple glasses of wine while we were waiting.  It really was a LONG wait considering the lead time on the reservation.
All that said, the food was great.  I ordered the dinner menu which was an incredible deal. I had the frisee salad with poached egg, potato and bacon which was absolutely fantastic.  I also tried the fish stew and octopus which were executed beautifully. My next course was shrimp with chili sauce which i felt was a little too salty.  The lamb bolognese was rich and satisfying and just the right portion.  I do not like bananas, but they were perfectly happy to exchange the ice cream to vanilla maple on my pound cake dessert.  
We had a lovely couple bottles of reasonably priced garnacha which the sommelier or host or whoever he was did not make me feel guilty about ordering.  it was a cheaper bottle on the menu and he commented on it being a great food wine.  I love when i am not shamed for being frugal.  
I would go back in a second, but again, to be a repeat restaurant, i would like to see a recognition for a large inconvenience.Impressive. Visited during Restaurant Week to try this gem and walked away very, very happy. Three courses with wine pairings ... all delicious, perfectly conceived and prepared. The wait staff were friendly, knowledgable and attentive. Be aware that the environment is busy and a little loud so not appropriate for romantic evenings, etc. However, for innovative, delicious food ... very much recommended.Ordered Steak and egg, and French toast for brunch.  Both of them blew our minds!
Best brunch I had in town in the 2 years.Food:
The chocolate croissant was a bit cold and honestly a bit chewy. I love croissants, this wasn't bad but I would not recommend it as a good croissant. 
The Shitake sandwich was very delicious with braised greens (spinach), the potatoes had a citric hint to them. I did enjoy the sandwich. 
HOWEVER! 
I sat at the chef's counter and guess what my company was? FLIES! I counted at least 10 of them standing on the mirror/wall next to me at once. I took a picture of the mirror and managed to capture 3 flies in the photograph. They stood on the plates that were "clean" waiting to be used by the chef, the napkins waiting for new customers, it was disgusting. I asked the chef about it and he just accepted that since all their windows  on 18th st were open, they had a fly problem.
So bottom line, no shitake sandwich is worth having lunch with 300000 flies.  Go during the winter when you can be rest assured you won't get worms from eating here.Food was top notch (portions aren't too big so we shared 3 plates and two desserts), service was stellar, waitresses were attentive and very professional and warm without being overbearing. They even noticed the little bits of food that we had spilled on the table by accident and took care to clean those up after every course. Very impressive experience - pricey, but you do get what you pay for. Would go again!It's has very nice ambiance, and the plating was wonderful. Everyone at the table raved about the food they got and we've tried several appetizers and the honey ice cream and pound cake. The cauliflower on the appetizer list is a must try. Even given the classy ambiance, (yet dressy casual also works) I felt that the dessert prices were a tad steep, and entree dishes just a touch small for the price point. I am completely aware that for the atmosphere im not going to get a "standard" portion. I'm new to the city I would go back but I personally would explore other options.Had dinner at this restaurant with some colleagues.  This place needs some work.  First, the restaurant was out of a couple of selection of wines.  Then, after finishing a bottle which was quite good, we tried to order another but was told they were out.  Second, the grilled branzino was exceedingly dry and did not come with a sauce or even lemons.  Although they claimed it was de-boned, there were still bones.  Third, we ordered two dry aged steaks.  The server asked whether we wanted the NY strip or the porterhouse cut, and we requested one of each, both medium rare.  Interestingly, both cuts of steak were nearly identical, only point being why ask about what cut (menu did not offer different cuts) if they were the same.  The steaks came with a side oil and herb garnish which actually would have gone well with the branzino.  Additionally, even though we asked for medium rare, both steaks came out rare.
To top off all of this, at some point during the meal, an uninvited cockroach scampered across the floor right next to our table.  Uninvited critters = loss of 1 star.I made a reservation for brunch at 145. When I got there, they told me that they overbooked and needed the table at 230. I don't know about others, but when people have Sunday brunch with friends, the last thing they like being told is there is a 45 minute time limit to their meal. I will definitely not be coming back here given the numerous other options.This is one of our favorite places to eat on the east coast.
It's a buzzing location, right on the edge of Rittenhouse Square with great people watching and the most delicious/interesting small plates. Every time we come here there is something new/interesting/unique to try and the taste/quality of the food here is second to none.
The octopus and skate this year were some of the best dishes we've ever had :-)
Be aware these are small plates (between tapas and an appetizer) - they are European size portions basically - I see some complaints here about the portion sizes, but if you are into quantity vs. quality then this is not the place for you!
If you are a foodie and like truly excellent, well presented, delicious food and are willing to pay a premium for it, then you need to come here! :-)  Enjoy!Nom nom. what can I say. 
Top eats:
-kale salad (better then it sounds)
-hamachi
-side of mushrooms
-spice cauliflower 
-wagyu steakThe food here was really disappointing for the price. Of the 4 courses my GF and I had only one was worth coming back for. The fish was downright terrible. Bright spot was my cocktail which was actually really good. 
Go for drinks and wine, pass on the food.Nicely prepared and served food. Had an excellent brunch at a.kitchen last month. Well done!It's a shame. Food was decent. Hostess was extremely pretentious. For such a small restaurant it's amazing how long things take to get to you. Wouldn't recommend or go back.From the service I received while there today I would recommend AVANCE, Ritten house, Parc, Rouge, etc. Not an ideal place to go. Bring a date and don't sit at the bar. I would say more by why waste our time.Me and my boyfriend have gone to many restaurants in Philly,  and thus far a kitchen has the best service and the best food.  
The first time we went we were sat by the chef and saw the grill which reminded me Argentinean style.  We had the old age t bone $99,  which was delicious. 
The second time we went it was with a group of 7, usually they recommend a large group to do the tasting menu of $65 each.  So we did that,  and the food was amazing.  I really liked every dish that came out,  of course we got the t bone again,  and it was amazing again.  The service here and the intimate environment is what I really love.  Hands down,  my bf favorite restaurant and service in Philly.My favorite thing about a.kitchen was sitting at the counter right by the kitchen!! I loved watching the chefs cook all of the food and decorate each plate meticulously as it was sent out.
The atmosphere overall is cozy and dimly lit, perfect for a date night! It was a warm night so they had all of their front windows open and seats outside which I loved.
The food was very good but he portions were small and the price tags were big. My boyfriend and I split the cape cod muscles for an appetizer and then had the sea scallops and duck breast for dinner. The duck breast was delicious!!!!! But, there just wasn't enough of it. Although we left feeling satisfied we were hungry again just a few short hours later. 
Oh, and the cocktails although strong were also both small and expensive. Everything is good, small and expensive.Really great.... pricey for the portion sizes, but the food is fabulous...
Service is fabulous and cocktails are interesting.
Would definitely recommend and would definitely return...Over all disappointed since I anticipated trying this place out. It's a gamble. You may enjoy it. Not a place I would try again.came here for lunch with a friend, we showed up right before the lunch rush so the restaurant was pretty much empty. we were happy to have gotten there first because we thought that meant our food would come out first...we were so wrong. They didn't even bother to bring us bread until 20 minutes after we had ordered our food, by which time three other tables that were sat 10 mins after we got there not only already finished their bread but also got their food. By the time my appetizer came, the tables who were sat after us were finishing their meals! 
And what was this painfully complicated appetizer that took 30 mins to make? the warmed burrata...which ironically was as cold as if it just came out of the fridge. The waiter then took it back to the kitchen to warm it up and when it came back the burrata was room temperature. Nevertheless we attempted to eat it, maybe the chef was having an off day but the citrus reduction paired with the cheese tasted like dish detergent making the whole thing almost inedible. I'm not a picky eater, and neither is my friend, who also thought the sauce tasted like household cleaning product, and we were so hungry we would've settled for cheese out of a can by this point, the dish was THAT bad. Since by this point we had already been sitting for an hour and our entrees were still no where to be seen, we spoke to the manager who was courteous enough to cancel our orders and we quickly skipped over to rouge for a real meal.
will not be returning and you could not pay me to eat that pine-sol flavored burrata dish again.Had dinner with my sister and  my nephew.  Reservation was promptly honored and the staff proved to be very friendly and welcoming.  The cocktail was delicious.  My sister's questions about the wine were professionally dealt with by the sommelier who brought us a taste of the two wines we considered.  The  food was creative and promptly served in their  family style  which proved to be fun and my sister and nephew loved all.  I have not been here for a few years and am happy it has maintained its high quality and standards.  Our only complaint was that the leek dish was a bit under cooked.  Our wonderful server, Angel, comped us a wonderful ricotta mousse dessert which came out unexpectedly.  A great evening.Wanting a good restaurant for Mothers Day I made 11 am reservations at a.kitchen for myself, my wife, and our 2 small children. Soon after we arrived I knew this was a mistake. 
Despite the fact that the restaurant was not full and had what seemed to be a full staff, it took about 15-20 minutes just to get our coffee and drinks (not all at the same time). (A side note - the coffee was horrible - the street cart outside had a better brew). The waitress could not have been more disinterested - no pleasantries, no smiles. She actually seemed annoyed we had children with us. When we asked if they had children's portions, or even if the kitchen could do a non-stuffed version of their French Toast her response was "They prestuff everything - you should go with your back-up plan" We asked her to ask the kitchen anyway - which we could see she never did. 
Our pastries arrived and they were all burned/overcooked. When I mentioned something about them the response was "Well that's how we do it here" Our meals arrived quickly (and our server never said anything about our request). Too quickly as it turns out. My wife had ordered a burger medium but what came out was a rare burger - almost raw (what appeared to be a preformed as well). It's Mothers Day and you screw up the mother's meal - wonderful.
It took several more minutes to flag down our server to send the burger back. When the hamburger came back, instead of a new burger (which is what should be done), the same burger returned, this time overly well done. Meanwhile the "stuffed French Toast" I ordered (and was told they prestuff) was not really "stuffed" with anything more than some kind of spread. At this point we just wanted to get through our meal and get out. 
The manager did come over at one point to apologize and to his credit he did take the burger and drink off the bill. But that really does not make up for the overall poor service particularly on what is supposed to be a special day.In my post Tria Sunday School, I stumbled into a.kitchen.  I have been eyeing this venue for quite some time and am glad I dropped in!  My New York native friend immediately said, finally! A place that feels like New York!! Now, I know that we're not trying to go for the New York feel everywhere, but it is nice to have it as an option.  I really enjoyed my grilled shrimp.  The wine was excellent, but I thought that the median price point was too spendy...$17/glass is a little much, especially when it's a 5 oz pour.  I'll go back on a breezy fall afternoon.Excellent service...our server was very attentive. We had a new year day brunch reservation and were seated promptly. Limited breakfast choices. Coffee was delicious...too bad there weren't any refills. Very expensive meal for basic egg, bacon & home fries. Had to pay extra for toast. Was very surprised they wouldn't poach the eggs. Only negative was that someone in the kitchen was a little too eager with the salt shaker...even the bread tasted salty! Our most expensive and least favorite meal.I came here for dinner and waited an hour for my entree to be served. The waiter checked on it in the middle, but that didn't seem to help. After the lamb steak finally came out, it was inedible because of an odd aftertaste. Staff didn't care to offer taking it off the bill even though it was barely touched. Service, timeliness and food were disappointing. I will not be coming back.Great food, and I definitely won't go back.
They deceive you and tell you that this is "tapas" style, which is really just code for tiny portions. The server had warned us to order multiple items per person because of the small portions, so we were prepared. 
We ordered the $96 steak thinking that the 32oz would be enough to feed four people. We ordered a strip steak rather than the t-bone. The steak arrived with the bone on the plate - I have never seen a strip served with the bone. The bone was clearly included in the weighing of the steak, as the steak cut for us to actually eat totalled about 12 ounces. It was a good piece of meat, but nothing extraordinary. It is really outrageous and exceptionally arrogant to think that you can serve a customer 1/3 of what they paid for and find that acceptable. I won't be going back.
We stopped for pizza on the way home because we were all so hungry, despite having spent $300.This review is purely about their lunch special. Had pleasant experience there. Their lunch special is great deal. Big portion and great service. I had smoked charr flat bread and Tuna. Hubby got steak tartare and octopus.  I liked my tuna a lot. They served 3 huge chunk of tuna pieces. I have big portion but this satisfied me :-) Smoked char, I normally love this dish but this one was too salty. Couldn't really taste fish be cause it was too picked. 
I did not enjoy hubby's tartar, raw meat was very chunky, piece was too big for steak tartar but hubby enjoyed it. Octopus was my favorite dish there. 
Chef must love pickle so much. Our dish was full of prickly flavor. I love them so had no problem.We were in Philly for our reunion weekend and was amazed how the food scene has evolved in the past 10 years.  
We booked this place for lunch near Rittenhouse Square so you are already in a nice location.  I was here during summer so they had tables outside and huge windows were open so it felt so open and breezy inside.  
I like checking out house cocktails so I tried the Victorian Copper: gin, lime, white pepper honey, mint, cucumber and ginger... and it was perfect for the hot summer day!
For my main, I ordered the American Wagyu Pastrami sandwich with sauerkraut and Swiss cheese and it was delicious!  Tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.  
And though I was so full, I just had to taste their ice cream with such interesting flavors -- bread and butter pudding ice cream.  Yummy!
Overall a very pleasant dining experience!A.bysmal
Small place but def kitchy.  Nice bar scene with good looking people,  Service was a bit weak and the food was sub-par.  Very salty and uninspired.  Would maybe come back for a drink only.Not a bad place, but the Benedict was pretty bland, and the home-made English muffins were more of a crumpet (dense) and surprisingly under seasoned. For the price you can find better. The only reason we ended up there was an early train, and this was one of the few places open before 10Am on Sunday. If we knew more about it, we would have gone back to Marathon on Sansom.Great wine selection, interesting and thoughtful food, lunch service was a bit slow.  Modern decor was elegant and refined, yet not stuffy, staff very friendly, however the kitchen was a bit too slow for the pace of a working lunch.LOVED A.kitchen. Had lunch outside last week, and am so happy with my choice. 
Although prices are a bit steep for lunch (I guess it is just the area it is in) the portion size is decent, and the quality is top-notch.
I got the speck and brie sandwich. It was like an adult grilled cheese and ham! The mustard that it was sitting in on the plate was the perfect accompaniment to give it a kick! The pickled veggies on the side were also a nice, tangy element. The seemingly home made potato chips were perfectly salted and crispy. 
I would definitely go back!nothing but LOVE for A.kitchen.  went here for lunch the other day and was greatly impressed with the vegan-ness of the portobello sandwich.  
i arrived and it was POURING rain - the staff quickly got my coat and umbrella and sat us immediately.  
They had soy milk for coffee, knew what vegan meant and completely veganized the sandwich (even went so far as to change the bread without me asking- GREAT TOUCH!!!)  and they had dessert options though i was so full i didn't want a dessert.  They also made me a vegan salad as an appetizer with tahini.  
would def come back here!Just finished leaving this place and it was mmm mmm GOOD! So delicious. I got there at 12:00 and the food came out in about 15 minutes. I ordered the Rittenhouse Slam with whole grain toast and my best friend ordered Grilled Prawns and it was just amazing and for dessert she ordered the Carjeta Custard, it was so good and beautifully garnished with little flowers. The staff is super polite and timely. The restaurant atmosphere is very warm and inviting. We'll be staying here until Monday and most likely come back for dinner.Hands-on best service i've ever received at a restaurant.  The wait staff was always there when you needed them, gone when you didn't.  I think there was more staff than customers while we were there.  Our primary waitress was so awesome, it was actually fun to ask her for recommendations.  Great descriptions and accurate, not trying to sell us the most expensive entrees.  Right up front this probably should be a 5 star review, but some of the small plates were chipped, so i'm taking the last star away.  Really, when i'm spending close to $200 for our meals, you can afford to not serve on a chipped plate.  The spicy cauliflower was not too spicy and incredibly juicy.  Perfect way to start the meal.  MsD ordered Branzini and it was cooked and flavored perfectly.  I had the scallops and again, couldn't ask for anything better.  The crab and  salad were both incredible.  Flavored to perfection and not too much.  The only thing we didn't care for were the mushrooms, but as much as anything else we just didn't have room to finish them.  We did save some room for desert and the pound cake was divine.  Awesome coffee as well.  Just a fantastic meal!
Eli Kulp has done a great job training his staff to describe food and cater to his customers.  We hear he is still in the hospital from the Amtrak disaster so we'll keep him in our prayers.  Can't wait to go back to the A.Kitchen!Very Good addition to Rittenhouse area.  Small, Small limited Bar. Server was a rookie, did not really know a lot of things  He did not direct us anywhere but was nice,  He barely poured the water .  If you know the portions and dishes you will do well here.  Some dishes are stellar like tagliatelle and veal ragou or blue crab and faro.  the 30 day aged steak was not aged well imho and came out ice cold!!  Please  that was the most expensive item on menu and was really bad.  Coho salmon  at maybe 3 oz  wa excellent.   Space  is nice and I was just surprised as to the lack of contact there.  I saw at least 20 people working the room and besides our waiter no one said a word to us not even the owner who passed us several times.  Wierd place. I like the food/chefs area bar where you can sit but again no one was talking.  I suspect 45 seats in whole place.
Not badly priced for the food.  We each had 2 drinks and 3 courses was 200 bucks.  Again 3 stars because a five star chef could not serve a steak!!! otherwise 4 stars.Went here to eat brunch on a last-min whim (orig was gonna go to Hip City Veg, which is around the corner). It was a gorgeous day and they placed us at a table that was basically in between indoors and outdoors, so it was perfect. We shared a grapefruit juice, which was refreshing and an eye-opener. I got the crispy shrimp. Expected some shrimp placed over grits, but was surprised to see it deconstructed. The crispy shrimp was on a separate plate, and garnished abundantly w/ grilled scallions and some watermelon radish. The shrimp was perfectly crispy and bursting with flavor--I ate the whole thing (except the head). The grits were in a separate plate; can't comment too much on the grits. They were on the coarser side, not cheesy. Both the shrimp and grits were drizzled a little too much w/ buffalo/hot sauce, which I did NOT appreciate.
My bf got the tuna melt sammy. It looked good, but I'm not the biggest fan of tuna so I didn't try it.
Service was excellent, except when the waitress poured water into my glass and didn't notice that the water hit my phone.Let me start out by saying it was restaurant week, so the menu was limited. We selected our 2 1st courses each plus our one entree ($35), then we inquired about the $20 per person wine pairing.  We were told the first glass would be a 5 ounce  glass of the house red or white, and the 2nd glass would be the chef's pairing with the entree.  We got a tasting of the house red, and it was not to our liking.  We asked if we could change the first glass, and we were told no.  We ended up ordering a bottle of wine instead.
The apps were good, but the clams were about the size of a nickel, which our dining companion said were good but not worth the effort. The croquettes were very good (3 per order), as were the gnocchi.  Definitely order the brussel sprouts; they were divine. 
The braised beef was very good.   For dessert, the chocolate tort was excellent.
The food comes out as it is ready.  It is expected that the table will share the appetizers.  The food came out unevenly, meaning the apps were not served at the same time.  This is fine if the food is being shared, but it is a bit awkward if it is not being shared.  One of the apps was definitely forgotten, and we had to ask about it after all of the other apps were consumed.
We thought the service was a bit pretentious.  The server was well versed on the food and the wines, but for every decision we made he said excellent choice, but in our opinions it was not sincere.  He checked in with us a bit too late to see how we were doing.
It is a very small place, so if you want to go you definitely need reservations.  We saw people being turned away because they  did not have reservations.So everything is pretty good, but I expected more. The crab salad was the highlight, with great flavor and moist and flaky crab. The kale lasagna was also pretty unique and unexpected, and tasted pretty good with a strong cheese flavor. I wish they had more seafood and chicken options, the menu was very limited to red meat/vegetarian/pasta. The goat cheesecake was not that the best due to the overwhelming strong taste of goat cheese (it also had an extremely cold wine sorbet on top that was OK), so that one might be good for only it's fans. Also, the chocolate dessert was a bit too bitter and salty. Overall the atmosphere is really nice and cozy, with the fancier type of Philly people, so I think most would overlook the food for the nice atmosphere. 
PS. Make sure to get at least  two plates or you'll be hungry!Pretend like you're European and eat outside on the sidewalk.
Get the chicken sandwich at lunch.
Veggie dishes tasty but tiny.Wow I love this place! Stopped by yesterday after work for a light meal before going out to the movies. No reservations, but no trouble being seated at the counter where you can watch all the food being prepared right in front of you. The food was delightful! Especially memorable were the crab faro pesto salad and the dessert of almond macaroons, fresh peaches and whipped cream. Service was fast, friendly and professional. Thanks for a great meal, a.kitchen!Meh, the food was actually delicious. The portions and the price however made me think I just ate a full sized steak dinner. Also as perviously listed some of the staff looks upset that they have to serve you. Or maybe our waiter was pissed because he had to work on friday night? I would go back thou, because of the food not because of the service. At least it has that going for it.Brunch review:
I've been here 2 times now and I was quite disappointed with my second visit. The waiters were very pleasant but the food took a very long time to come out when we were only one of 4 tables here. Furthermore, when it came, the food was for some reason lukewarm, I am not sure if that was because it waited somewhere to come to us, but I was thoroughly disappointed by the temperature. Overall the food was alright but not worth the price this time around.BRUNCH REVIEW:
A nice place to come for Sunday Brunch and a great means to recover from an alcohol fueled weekend.  I really like how you can watch them make your food from start to finish.  
I ordered the chorizo pancakes with queso fresco and sriracha maple syrup.  Sounds like an odd combo, but I enjoyed it.  It was an interesting sweet/savory combination, and at $12-13, easy on the wallet.  The food here was decently good for me, but not FIVE STARS WOWZERS.  That said, I will still most certainly return.
Coffee and espresso were great as well.To start, cappuccino, looked beautiful, tasted delicious, but was not hot.
My eggs Benedict, were the best I have ever had, the eggs were poached to perfection and the homemade English muffins where amazing. My husbands eggs and flank stake were amazing as well. My daughter's monkey bread pancakes were wonderful as well as the parfait. My only negatives would have to be for the atmosphere. Lighting on the dark side, especially the bathroom!!  And for a noisy place as it is,  the music was loud and not relaxing for a Sunday morning.I like a.kitchen. I do.It is not superb, but it is a comfortable little place. The decor is modern and simple and actually a bit boring, but i like the option of sitting at the kitchen bar where you can watch the staff at work. The wait staff & bar staff are lovely people and very attentive..not a hint of snobbery. The food is quite good though not fantastic. I loved the scallops served with sauerkraut with sausage -- lovely and autumnal in an unexpected way, actually. I really loved it. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the veal ragu pasta dish. The crepes were good but a little unexciting, i have to admit. i wouldn't get them again.
I was actually driven into a.kitchen after reading a phila paper review that included a description of a cynar (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cynar) cocktail that included bourbon, fresh squeezed orange juice, and this italian bitter liqueur. I love bourbon based drinks and this did not disappoint! It was delicious - - I would happily ask for it again. It seemed that it was not well known to staff, and it did not appear on the menu, but they managed to surprise me with a lovely drink. 
This is the kind of place that is good to have in one's back pocket but I wouldn't go far out of my way to go....Amada feels like a more exciting indulgence, admittably. I paid for dinner for two and it cost me at least $100 for a satisfying meal, despite the small portions. I didn't feel i needed huge portions. All my wine choices were quite nice as well. 
Incidentally, I did have lunch there recently. I had a glass of sparkling wine and the hearts salad, which was satisfying enough but probably not worth the price. It was ok. The service, though, kind of made it feel worth dropping in for lunch!Clever flavor pairings. Extraordinary service!
The restaurant features modern finishes and warm, natural accents. It is easy to talk and enjoyable to watch the chefs if you sit at the bar. The menu is impressive from the start. It showcases a well curated selection of innovative dishes with plenty (but not an overwhelming number) of options.
It was the warmth and friendliness of the staff that ensured an over-the-top and memorable afternoon dining experience for this newcomer to Philadelphia. We were lucky enough to be served by Adrienne, whose passion for food and her customers is unmatched. Adrienne talked us through the menu and gave on-point, personalized suggestions.
I chose the to-die-for warming onion soup (talk about a fresh take on a go-to classic) and the truly exciting octopus dish featuring pomegranates, coriander and sweet potatoes. My dining partner went for the decadent duck confit topped white bean hummus and satisfying turkey club. We both enjoyed wine suggested by Adrienne. This is definitely the place to take dates, clients, family and friends for a stellar meal any time of day in a friendly and beautiful setting. We can't wait to come back.We ordered the spiced cauliflower, the beets, and the grilled octopus but the beets were easily our favorite. Although I didn't try the octopus, my friends were happy with the dish. I especially enjoyed the chai to remember cocktail! It's perfect for anyone who prefers a sweeter drink.
Very cute. Very romantic. Date night kinda ambiance. Not the kind of place to roll into after a power yoga class but we made an impulsive decision and, well, SO glad we did! Plus, I miss my chai cocktail already.I came here Friday evening with a couple friends around 9 or 10 pm. We were looking for a good cocktail and drink bar and we totally found it!
The bar is quite small (seats only 7-8) but is a beautiful white marble. The bartenders (Tara and another I didn't catch her name) are attentive, approachable, and make some great cocktails. They're there when you need them and want to chat and off to do other things when you want to just hang out with friends. My friends and I closed down the place and had a great time talking with the bartenders and ordering on and off menu cocktails. 
Everything we ordered well balanced and tasted very, very good. There were a couple bartender's choice drinks that were REALLY good. You could tell the care and deliberate measures taken to ensure a well made drink whether it was using measuring tools, peeling zest, using droplets for the bitters, using the cocktail shaker and of course, dipping a new straw to taste each drink to ensure it was made the way it was intended to taste.
Definitely will be back to taste the food, but the bartenders are awesome!Fun cute: feels so comfortable . The lighting is perfect ambiance. 
I just had the best soup curry rutabaga with shrimp. It was one of the best soups ever. Plus had the charcuterie platter with great pate . Plus other hidden gems. The service , we sat at the bar was delightful . Everyone was knowledgeable about all entrees and preparation . So far I was compelled to write a review. 
Not even complete ..,On a Saturday evening my friend and I easily secured two seats at the very spacious and comfortable bar. 
We shared the smoked onion soup with burrata, grilled octopus, and the chenin blanc per the bartender's solid recommendation. Although tasty, we felt the onion soup could be improved by replacing the charred onion ring with sweet, caramelized onions. The grilled octopus was excellent: the combination of smoky octopus, tart yogurt, bitter endives, and sweet potatoes left nothing to be desired. 
After paying, I found myself puzzled over how my wallet suddenly became so much lighter. Still, the grilled octopus was delicious, and I am looking forward to trying the grilled albacore on my next visit.Went here during restaurant week so the price was great ($35 for a 4 course meal). The first two courses were the mushroom toast and fried sweetbread plates which were mediocre..not something I'd go back for. However, the flank steak was delicious! It was tender and juicy with a great wine sauce. The apple tart dessert was also tasty. 
Service was great and the atmosphere is what makes it appealing. It's a great location which is why I may go back for drinks, but I won't be paying full price for the food anytime soon.The food was good. The portions were small. I had two entrees and dessert and left hungry...all for 100 bucks!!!!!Great food. Great ambiance. Decent service. Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because service was a bit slow. Came here during lunchtime during Restaurant Week and got the $20 deal. The burger was nice and juicy. The carrot salad was unusual but tasty. And you can never go wrong with a chocolate dessert!Nice, cozy dining room with good street view. The burger was good, but nothing special. Good beef, tender and juicy, but too thin. The thousand island is a nice touch, reminiscent of IN n OUT. 
3.5 for burger, rachet down to three for value. You're better off with the Rouge burger down the street. Perhaps they can add some thousand island for you.After Craig LeBan's 3-bell review, it was a sure bet that I was going to get to a.kitchen ASAP.  The space is warm and inviting, though small (which means a reservation is necessary).  The bar is covered in marble, and the completely open kitchen is pretty darn cool, and fun to watch.  Next time I go, I will definitely sit at one of the seats at the bar right in front of the kitchen.
The service was great.   The waitress was knowledgeable and helpful. The water glasses were never left empty.  And anyone who works in the restaurant is more than willing to help.
The food is quite good, but not amazing.  Not sure I was as stoked as LeBan was.  Though credit is due that there are imaginative and creative dishes.  There aren't set appetizers and entrees sections, but everything is small plates that are great for sharing.  The frisee salad was light and refreshing, with bacon lardon, hash brown potatoes, and a poached egg.  The salad would have been amazing if the poached egg wasn't cooked through so the yolk was hard.  The crepe with mushroom gravy is a nice starting bite to the meal, though small.  The chorizo meatballs with calamari were skillfully prepared with a seafood broth and olives.  The chicken risotto was creamy yet not too heavy, though it seemed that the risotto didn't even need the chicken.  The spicy fried potatoes are a nice side dish to the more substantial meat and fish dishes, though the saffron in the aioli should be more prominent.
Overall, I think that a.kitchen would benefit from following the advice of Coco Chanel when she said: "Before you leave the house, look in the mirror and take one thing off."  The flavors in the dishes speak for themselves, and don't have to be muddled with that one extra ingredient.
The food is good, and perhaps will get better with time.  I will be going back for sure, and looking forward to trying their brunch.Great place for brunch. Amazing Monkey Bread French Toast.I've walked past this place a hundred times and have always said to myself that I need to stop in and check it out.  I finally stopped in after a comedy show on a Saturday evening and sat right at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly and very helpful in making cocktail and wine recommendations.  
As for food, we ordered the wild mushroom tart and the softshell crab dish.  The softshell crab dish was amazing.  There was just enough breading to still taste the crab and it was seasoned very well.  The tart was also very good.
This place is a little expensive, as 2 small plates and 2 drinks runs about $50 with tip, but a great experience nonetheless.Definitely up there in the "Best Meals I've Ever Had" category for both myself and my dining companion.  (I'm actually quite surprised at some of these negative reviews.)  We sat at the bar, and our service was everything we could have wanted.  Our bartender chatted with us, was polite and knowledgeable and was there for everything we needed, while masterfully mixing beautiful cocktails with layers of complexity.  They were offering a $32 four-course menu, which I felt was even underpriced for the food I got.  I noticed other reviews complaining about prices a la carte, and, just so we're clear, this was an expensive meal, but it was worth every cent.  The frisee, bacon and egg salad was a perfect balance of salty and tangy - something I think I would probably be happy to eat for every meal for the rest of my life.  Taleggio and mushroom crepe was earthy and delicious, and the shrimp with chilis were large, spicy and succulent.
Then came the chicken.  Ohhhh, the chicken.  The chicken that will surely be one of those dishes that I crave, that I dream about.  You wouldn't think that a place like a.kitchen would serve fried chicken and probably be even less likely to order it.  This is a major can't miss though - it's unbelievably juicy with a crunchy coating that's not too thick and little bits of perfectly crispy/creamy foie gras that somehow crazily pairs beautifully with the chicken.  My dining companion ordered the chicken and was stingy with sharing, and my prix-fixe came with the lamb bolognese.  I'm sure it was great, but I didn't really remember anything after tasting the chicken.  Actually, not true, the bolognese was wonderful - beautiful ribbons of pasta with meaty sauce that I'd kill to know how to make - even so, if there were a commandment about coveting thy neighbor's chicken, I'd be guilty as charged.
We don't usually do dessert, but the savory dishes were so fantastic, we just had to see what the kitchen could whip up in the sweet department.  Pound cake and goat cheese cake were above average but not as outstanding as the other dishes.  The banana ice cream was the star though, a miracle of gastronomy that packed so much banana flavor into one creamy scoop.  We will most definitely be back...for chicken.  And to try out brunch, which, from the menu, looks like it'd be amazing as well.Had the veggie scrapple with poached eggs and fava beans. Simply one of the best breakasts I have ever had. I will be back, lovely location, friendly service.Went to enjoy a nice lunch with my girlfriends. We sat at the bar area where the chefs cooked in front of us. It was quite awful to experience the chef treating the sous-chef wither complete disrespect. What made the experience even more uncomfortable were the waiters laughing and talking about us because we photographed the food before enjoying our meal. 
If you're in the service industry you shouldn't make the guests feel as disturbed as we did. I don't recommend this restaurant the food wasn't even delicious.I'm SO DOWN with this place! Back in town, and went for another a kitchen visit. It's all I wanted! We tried a slew of new things, and I became ecstatic over almost everything. The service was perfect tonight. We sat outside on a gorgeous 70 degree evening, and our waitress was so involved without being annoying. She was funny, sweet, and everything you want in a waitress.
BEET SALAD with BROCCOLI RABE and HONEY YOGURT. WILD!!!!! I've never had anything like it. I was so, so skeptical but my boyfriend insisted on it. The beets were so fresh, and the bitterness of the broccoli rabe was cut by the honey yogurt. Everything was drizzled in a bit of olive oil, salt, and pepper, and that olive oil pulled everything together. One of the most creative dishes I've had in awhile. 
SCALLOP with CORN FALAFEL and GAZPACHO. This kept the review from a 5 star rating. While the corn falafel was tasty (fried corn. yes please.), the scallop was a strange temperature that just felt WRONG for seafood. 
SOCKEYE SALMON WITH LEEKS. GORGEOUS presentation. Skin crisped on top, with salmon roe decorating the sides, and two pieces of leeks cut into concentric circles. The plate was stunning. The salmon even more so. I don't think I've ever REALLY been into salmon because it's always a little overdone...this was more on the rare side, and really allowed you to fully taste the flavor of the salmon. I loved it. Simple and beautiful. 
DUCK PASTA. A little heavy for a summer night, but a nice melange of ingredients nonetheless. Chanterelle mushrooms, peas, braised duck leg, and some large fava beans made for an excellent savory dish. May have been a tad too salty for my taste, but I'm super sensitive to salt. 
OH MY GOD THE GOAT CHEESE CAKE. With a hazelnut crust, a blueberry compote, and a RIESLING SORBET. The combination was sinful, decadent, and WORTH IT. The goat cheese was AMAZING in the cake - you could really taste it, and when combine with all the other components, I was in heaven. The riesling sorbet tasted better than a glass of riesling, and was awesome on it's own or on top of the cake. Definitely, definitely recommend this dessert. 
Another awesome experience at a.kitchen.I pretty much *have* to give this place five stars.  This is a lot after only one lunch visit, but there it is.  I work in Center City near Rittenhouse Square and have been meaning to go hear forever, but just never got around to it.  
I finally went a couple of weeks ago, and looked over the menu.  Lots of choices but nothing seemed quite right.  So I rolled my eyes, sighed, and with some embarrassment, I ordered the cheese burger.  It seemed like giving up to order a burger but it was what appealed to me at that moment.
I've had a lifetime of cheese burgers, like everyone, so to identify one as the best I ever had is saying something.  But this was simply the best burger I ever ate in my life.  I don't know what set it apart - the roll, the cheese, the bacon, the meat, whatever the sauce was, I couldn't tell you.  But I will say that if all they served was burgers, I would go back again and again.This new trendy restaurant is located in the Rittenhouse Square area of Philly, a quite attractive setting at the ground level of the hotel. The open their doors at 7am to accommodate the residents at the hotel getting up early. Outside seating is provided and a nice view it is as your eyes explore the park across the street. Diners enjoy menus that are comprised of in season vegetables and so forth. Mushroom Crepes are nicely prepared with a Watercress puree mmm so good. Diners can also try out the Octopus with comes with a savoury caramelized watermelon. Chef Bryan McGraw shows his excellent culinary skills with other dishes, and did i forget to mention desserts how about that panna cotta with plum puree so luscious."We went there for brunch on my [mom's/sister's/girlfriend's] birthday."
That about says it all.
Charming and modern interior, servers nervously formal enough to satisfy even the most uppity of Rittenhouse grandmothers, brunch dishes that will certainly do the job and a location that basically explains the validity of the above statement.
But when it comes down to it, the brunch is just okay.Cocktails were amazing, try the rule of thumb! Food was very good, how ever I did leave hungry. Very small portions    Executed very well. Siting at the chef rail was a fun experiencevery nice place. but the portions were too small for the price, and dont include a side. the bloody mary was watery : (Its still one of our favorite restaurants, their service is spectacular. I highly recommend the dry age bone steak, it is pricey but it'll be worth it!I have eaten here quite a few times but this was my first experience since the menu changed substantially (earlier this spring) and unfortunately I give the change a thumbs down. I used to think of it as a place to get a number of delicious healthy options, but yesterday at lunch I had a hard time finding anything that wasn't heavy/fatty/fattening on the menu. I ordered the beet salad and it was "ok"--way more cabbage than beets (where's the beet!") and the dressing had a bottled French dressing quality. Also, the whole restaurant smelled like a kitchen fire (or should I say A.kitchenfire). The service and atmosphere (not counting the smoky smell) was just as lovely as it used to be. Unfortunately though, I am taking this one out of the rotation.a. Kitchen lives up to the hype. This Rittenhouse Square eatery is filled with sunlight, flavorful food, and friendly vibes.  A meal here is such a rewarding experience.  Don't miss the Smoked Char on toast.  This is a very tasty appetizer.  The entrée of grilled chicken with sweet & sour eggplant was perfectly prepared - tender and succulent.  A nice oat streusel & apple pudding completed the meal.  Their wine list is equally impressive - especially when I saw several Austrian wines on the drink card and in talking with the sommelier I could tell she was enthusiastic about Austrian wines.  The wait staff was incredibly friendly and attentive.  Now all this does come at a price...a. Kitchen is not priced like your neighborhood diner.  But if you have a chance to splurge and want a feel-good meal, head to a. Kitchen!Came to a.kitchen last night for Restaurant Week with my girlfriend and we really enjoyed our time here. Typically, I would never order a burger for Restaurant Week, but this time I'm very glad that my girlfriend did. The burger... the burger was amazing. Sesame Bun, cooked perfectly and the cheese was what really made it. We ended up sharing it because it was that good. I ordered the Simply Grilled Fish, which was also good with lots of veggies. 
To start we ordered the Delicata Squash, Crab and Pumpkin Croquettes, Brussels Sprouts, and the Swiss Chard Gnocchi. The Squash and the Croquettes were good, not anything over the top BUT the Gnocchi and Brussel Sprouts were amazing! I tried both desserts and they were ok, I'm not a big dessert person though.
We will most likely be back soon specifically for that burger.NEW MANAGEMENT as of June 2014. New chef. Willing to give this place another try. Hotspur has been assigned. Hoping that 'manager I previously encountered is gone, Gone, GONE!'
NO CLASS RESTAURANT ALERT! OK. One star. I suppose the food is OK, too. Though I wouldn't know. Walked out of this joint because of POOR SERVICE. Had made rez week/two ago with kindly hostess who assured us that a table we requested for last night would be ours. So when we arrive last night -- with special friends from Boston (visiting the Barnes) -- different hostess says not only is our requested table not available, but we must sit next to bar. Yeah, but --- why can't we sit at one of the more accomodating tables nearer to where we originally wanted to sit? No. Enter manager from stage right. Well, he explains, NO note in rez re table request. NEVER promise tables, he says. OK, we'll sit over there at open tables. NO, can't sit there either because they're booked. Oops! Did that sound like a a PROMISE? Can you make any accomodation? Yeah, behind the kitchen counter at 'chef's table.' Is this guy for real? A class act would have offered us a bottle of Champagne or somesuch for inconvenience. This guy, NOTHING. Stead, we skip over to PARC *****. Always good. Always a fav.
POST SCRIPT:
On return to apt we amble by AKA -- and, behold, out pops our friend Joe. Hey, Joe, what you doing at AKA? Dinner. 'Yeah, I know the manager,' he said. I said, in so many words, 'Tell him he's a poor restauranteur, a worse businessman, and he's toast at Yelp and The PJ.'This is a pretty nice space, but the food was not up to par.  The pasta was undercooked, the cheese plate was uninteresting, and the best thing about the recommended swordfish appetizer was the sauce.The food was excellent! We shared the porterhouse and ordered a side of the roasted potatoes. I loved the grilled caeser salad, he didn't. We both LOVED our drinks..mine was the tequila. So well crafted with beautiful presentation. My issue with this place was the price. We were excited and ready to spend... but for 97 dollars, that steak was too small and too normal. It should have been about $60. I still would have thought it expensive. All in all we had a great time and enjoyed ourselves, but I think  the place is a bit pretentious for what it's serving. I still gave it 4 stars because we really had nothing negative to say albeit the price.Holy cow! I can't believe how good the service was here.. Oh and the food was to die for!!!!The food was very tasty.  We started with the Brussel Sprouts.  They were the best thing we had.  They are fried and then tossed with lamb belly, sesame spice and cipollini onion.  I had the wagyu bavette steak and my wife had the mushroom lasagna.  They both tasted great and the mushroom lasagna was a brilliantly constructed dish of very thinly sliced mushrooms that served as the noodles.  They were layered with what I believe to be chopped sauteed mushrooms, bechamel sauce and cheese.  The reason rating is a 3 and not a 4 or 5 is the restaurant has a huge problem with the the kitchen line (the area where the servers pick up their food).  There were not heating lamps to keep waiting ​hot. The expediter - the person who sends the dishes to the dining room looking great - was not doing his job.  He stood there very smug but our steak and lasagna arrive cold, not luke warm, absolutely cold.  We sent them back and they put out entire plates in the oven, garnishes and all. When we got them back the food was only luke warm.  It was very tasty.  I can only imagine how much better it would have been if it had been served hot.I was there for dinner with a few friends.  It's trendy and hip, but I did not feel it was overly pretentious.  The selections are primarily small and medium plates, which I really like, and were nicely prepared.  I wouldn't say it was anything over the moon, but it was very solid, well-prepared food.  They have an open kitchen, and next time we go I'd like to try sitting at the adjacent bar; love watching the line.  The reason three stars instead of four, is that the service was glacial.  The server seemed pretty out of it, and we had to "remind" her to bring our next dishes several times.  I think she was "somewhere else."Great food, service, friendly staff, easy to carry on a conversation when it's crowded.  Dinner for 5 was a great time and we'll be back.  Also love ABar menu and staff.  Friendly and provide great service.Cute little place with some amazing cocktails and food. I had the bershire pork lion with tunisian and moscow mule and it was incredible!I came here w/ three girl friends for dinner before the Philly Half Marathon. The restaurant ambiance was great and the open kitchen was a lot of fun. However, the food was over priced and under cooked. the portions are average / small side for tapas but the prices are standard restaurant entree prices. We got one of the pastas and I couldn't even it because it was under cooked. They also over dressed the salads. The wine menu is extensive, but again overpriced. There are better places in Rittenhouse.What a let down. Slower than molasses in January service when they weren't that crowded, mediocre food and a server that had to be hunted down for anything. They comped us a dessert because we had to wait so long for our lunches (lunch no less!) but it was also mediocre. Don't buy the hype. I only gave it two stars because at least they tried to apologize. No interest in going back any time soon.A.Kitchen is exactly as a three star is defined by Yelp, A-Ok.  It's beautiful inside and quiet lovely if you're sitting by the enterance with the doors open.  I had the mushroom & egg sandwich which was light on egg, but tasty.  The potatoes were nice sized but lacked the seasoning I really like.  It's really overpriced IMO.  My breakfast was $26 with tip.  That's just not justified even in Rittenhouse Square and particularly with that level of taste.A.kitchen is a cozy and sophisticated neighborhood eatery with a limited but delicious menu. 
Ambiance:
A.kitchen is an intimate retreat in the heart of the city. I love the dim lighting and round tables which make this feel like the perfect place for a rendez-vous with family or old friends. 
Food:
The dinner menu is limited but delicious. To start I had the cheese plate which was good but nothing special - for cheese lovers only. The fish of the day was a delicious bronzino prepared perfectly with an array of seasonal vegetables. I also enjoyed the burger which was both juicy and tender. Overall the execution was excellent. Given the small selection, I'd recommend checking the menu ahead of time to ensure there's an entree that catches your eye. 
Drink:
Creative cocktails and innovative wine list. Cocktails were well balanced and unique - definitely not something you find at your neighborhood bar. I love the wine flight for getting a taste of some different wines from around the world. Wine by the bottle list is extensive and has some reasonably priced options. 
Service:
Our waiter was both attentive and knowledgeable. He was able to tell us a few anecdotes about our wine selections as well as recommend pairings. Overall a pleasure. 
Value:
Prices at a.kitchen are pretty par for the course for the neighborhood. Expect to spend $30-$50 per person for dinner + drinks. This is a great option for a chill night out without a ton of fuss.Agree, great date place. Perfect ambiance for date night although tables a little smooshed together. Went for restaurant week and city screwed up and posted a different menu that what was offered to us. Not the restaurant's fault but disappointed nonetheless. Cauliflower was delish as was the hummus that super-picky dining partner also loved. Very fresh, super delish flavors. Entree, we both got salmon, was good but average. Desserts were a bomb. We had to take them to go. One was decent, the other inedible.I'm torn. This place is definitely a nice ritzy date place, with ritzy small quaint date like giant prices. The prices don't seem like deserve a 3 dollar sign price rating, until you realize, these are almost tapas sized servings. Each normal sized person, not that large, requires maybe 1.5 to 2 of these 15-20$ dishes to really get full. 
Don't get me wrong? The quality was great. The 4 of us shared the Lamb Meatballs (only 3, but delicious), the lamb loin (again only 3 pieces but cooked well with delicious sauce), chicken and gnochi (lo and behold, 4 pieces!!! but tender to almost the point of seeming fake, like chicken paste), some meatless creamy pasta not on the menu (tasted under cooked, but the garlic creamy pasta was amazing), 2 vegetable sides (zucchini - delicious, asparagus - meh). Including tax and tip, we each spent about $27. We left borderline full, but not really. 
Dinner #2 followed shortly thereafter.I wandered in here with a coworker by complete accident and left impressed. I ordered from the Restaurant Week menu and my culinary ADHD was satisfied. I started with grilled radicchio and wild mushroom toast. The toast was battered and fried and delicate in flavor which balanced nicely with the radicchio and sauce. The sweetbreads were cooked just right and had a crunchy exterior and velvety texture. The slaw in top was one of those rare treats that I could eat everyday and not grow tired of. I also had smoked cod goat cheese cake which were both tasty and a good mix with the first two courses, but not quite as memorable. The service was excellent. If I lived in this town, I'd be here often (and significantly heavier...).Excellent service and food. The chef creates some really amazing flavor combinations. The kitchen is open. The dishes are really well prepared and take skill to make. I had a duck breast and musroom risotto. Both were sublime. They also have a good wine list. The staff is helpful with both the food and the wine. I'll definitely go again.Foodie paradise. Very "exotic" dishes but they all worked; braised brussels sprouts, pasta with mushrooms, pear salad, and lamb meatballs were all prepared in an unusual manner but in a way that was flavorful and varied in texture and appearance. (The lamb was not too "lamby" as it sometimes can be when using ground meat). The service was attentive and helpful. The portions are large for "small plate" size but small for individual servings so I think of it as the type of place to go with several people and order multiple dishes to try different things. They do add up, however, so I would rate it as "expensive."Very cute and hip place! I went here for a celebration dinner with my husband and we got a lot of small plates. I thought we were going to be blown away, but nothing was spectacular- most dishes were too salty for me.  We started with drinks- I had a gin cocktail, and he had a Manhattan. Both were good. We got the cauliflower, and also beef tartar appetizer. The cauli flavor was good but SO salty we couldn't finish it. The tartar was a little chewy and watery. My husband got pork and it was pretty good. We also got the burrata soup which was Ok. They didn't rush us and it was a nice night, so all in all it was a good time- the food just wasn't what we expected it to be. I would give a.bar and brunch a try though. It's in a nice spot just off Rittenhouse.Our group of five started the evening with high expectations. We ordered a wide range of appetizers, three large entrees, drinks, and two bottles of wine. The size and uninteresting flavors of the dishes that arrived first were a disappointment, but nothing could prepare us for what happened next. After waiting nearly 40 minutes for our last two entrees to appear, dessert menus were distributed. At this point we were tired of waiting, so we asked for the check -- minus the two entrees that had never been served. Did the waitress apologize? No. Did Mariel Wega (the sommelier hovering by our table who overheard it all) apologize? No. When the assistant manager finally arrived, he told us in no uncertain terms that we were lying. He said that the kitchen had prepared the entrees, so we had obviously eaten them and were trying to scam the restaurant. He made this bizarre claim despite the fact that our table had not yet been cleared and only one large entree plate was on the table. Did he think we'd also stolen the plate? Ms. Wega arrived with the bill and announced that they'd agreed to remove the items from our bill only because we continued to"claim" that the two dishes had never been served. In case you are wondering if we are teenage hoodlums, we were a group of professional adults dressed appropriately for the occasion and accustomed to good food and fine dining. A.kitchen may have some good reviews here and elsewhere, but I would never return and think they have quite a bit to learn about service and respect for customers.Had restaurant week lunch here this week with friends.  It was good, but unfortunately my lunch the day before (also a Restaurant Week sampling) was more creative and divine.  That said, it was still good.  We shared for first course heirloom tomatoes, shishito peppers with sausage, little gem salad with grapes and blue cheese, and beets with goat cheese.  For main courses we had the Fried Chicken Sandwich topped with chicken salad, served with delectable piping-hot wedge potatoes, Flank Steak, and a Seafood Medley.  They offered complementary cookies which were also very nice.  Our server Kiara was delightful.Went here for Restaurant Week to try out a new location and it was awesome! Definitely not for groups, but the food was great and the wine list EXTENSIVE. I'll definitely be coming back.Th re-boot of a.kitchen is a wonderful improvement. The previous version was excellent but the food has been taken to a new level. One of my favorite spots to sit and have dinner at the bar. Excellent service, great menu and wine and cocktail program.The food was delicious, although in ver small portions.  i could have eaten three of my plates.
The service was another story with a rude bartender.  How do these people get jobs wuth these attitudes.  You are a freakin' bartender!  Put on a shirt that fits and covers your 40 tatoos, so every time you want to show off ridiculously shaking a iced cocktail above your head, I don't have to see your shirt ride up.  Drop the attitude, you are a bartender...you serve people drinks.Crazy overpriced for tinyyyy DINNER portions. I don't even eat that much food but this was sad. I think the veal was 6 thin (see-through) deli slices of lamb over some greens. We had to go to another food location to fill up.3 1/2 stars. This was tough. This is a trendy slot in a great location. Bartenders are very nice. Signature cocktails are good. Food is above average but way overpriced for portion size and the drinks are a little overpriced as well. Have only eaten lunch here a couple times so can not speak to the dinner experience. Honestly there are better restaurants for the same amount of money.Very warm interiors and great service are the main appeal of this small place. My review is based on two dishes only. They shared the same flaw: the subtle flavors of the main ingredient were virtually obliterated by the other things on the plate. The "burrata" appetizer came with dill spice, served on a slice of toast in a potato-leek broth. The broth was wonderful, but the burrata couldn't be tasted as a result of the other strong flavors.  It could have been served as soup and I wouldn't have missed the cheese, which itself was too firm and had a chewy texture. Similarly the skate, served with spicy broccolini, was over-shadowed by the spice. Skate is beloved for its delicate taste. Why it was accompanied by a palate killer is a mystery.  Again, I don't know if these two dishes are representative of a theme of too much "creativity" or I just had bad luck.Great small plate restaurant the crab salad and quinoa dish is out of this world. The service is excellent and the wines by the glass are fantastic.Cute, great outdoor people watching, artful food that tastes delicious. Edible portions. This is delightful, savory food. The scallops crude and salmon open face sandwich I can highly recommend. And for those frightened of expense, the Power Lunch offers a rather nice deal.The setting is attractive, small and intimate, good for a romantic tete-a-tete although the spaces between the tables are also a bit small, so you'll have to softly whisper those sweet nothings unless you want to be overheard. It adjoins an extended stay hotel, AKA Rittenhouse Square, and provides the hotel's room service meals, so if you really get carried away you can  make a night of it. 
a.kitchen is place to go when you want to be surprised. I've had absolutely fabulous and creative meals there, with ingredients never before seen on the same plate, and I've had some real misses, meals with ingredients that never should have met and probably won't ever talk to one another again. Portions are on the small side, but flavors are intense and usually cleverly melded. Service is excellent. I think that prices are a bit high for the fare, but they are not unreasonable given the location, the service, and the size of the venue. Definitely a keeper.After the reading reviews, my friend and I checked this spot out for brunch last weekend. The inside reminded us of someplace nordic.  We ordered mimosas and decided on the frisee salad and the smoked salmon napoleon. After placing our order, our server apologetically told us they had no more salmon. What??? How can his be?? Hurriedly we selected the tuna salad on the  house made english muffin. We were splitting both and the salad was the better choice. The tuna was okay and was not swimming in mayo. We both really wanted to try the smoked salmon. The food was fine but nothing was mind blowing.  Our server was friendly and attentive. The prices were reasonable. I would definitely check this place out again.Amazing, cozy food. It's definitely cozy and the biscuits are so yummy. The soup was so hearty and it came with 2 biscuits. Great brunch place. Coffee and croissant was amazing and my toddler enjoyed it as well.lovely patio ambience, waitress knew what we were looking for, her suggestion was delicious. (wine). We didn't eat anything so I can only speak about the wine and the ambience.