Been here twice and both were a great experience. Food was great. Pork belly Reuben, Brussels sprouts, and more.This is a wonderful restaurant with stellar service. If you're looking for a true dining experience, look no further. The food is executed so well and the wine list is refreshing. I've dined here a number of times and everything was consistent. The staff is also hot AF.We had very high expectations since we love Zahav.  Abe Fisher exceeded those expectations and we were "WOW"ed by the experience.  As different as it is from Zahav, it is equally impressive.  Though everything was amazing, the brussel sprouts, chopped liver, pork belly, gefilte fish and veal tacos were most memorable. Cocktails, wine, dessert, and service were outstanding as well.  We were fortunate to grab the only two seats at the chefs table.  We look forward to going back and trying the smoked short ribs, which looked succulent and delicious.I've been trying to muster up the words to describe our awesome experience at Abe Fisher, but all you really need to know is that you need veal schnitzel tacos in your life immediately.
The chef's skill at balancing flavors is on full display in every dish, and my only regret is not having the stomach capacity to try everything on the menu.
$39 a person lets each person at your table choose three small plates and a dessert, which was perfect for sharing and trying a huge variety of food. I wouldn't change a single thing about our choices tonight:
Course 1:
- Raw and marinated bass: perfect start, could bathe in the avocado cream
- Borscht tartare: I don't even like beets and this was phenomenal
Course 2:
- Kasha varnishkes: so rich, could've been a dessert or a meal and I wouldn't have thought twice
- Sweet and sour meatballs: I would put this sauce on everything
Course 3:
- Lamb leg: my fiancée is still blown away by the amount of flavor packed into the lamb
- Veal schnitzel tacos: unanimous choice for favorite dish of the night, just get it
Dessert:
- Bacon and egg cream: this sets the bar dangerously high for bacon in desserts
- Almond panna cotta: my fiancée was disappointed she couldn't get the apple strudel (tree nut allergy) until this came out and she apologized to the culinary gods for ever doubting this place after the first three coursesA fan of what sounded like a really good menu, I wasn't impressed with either the portions or the combinations of plates presented. Perhaps it was too new that even though we tried several dishes as a group, the overall was a weak impression.Great food all around. Great scene. Came in after a long day at work during a business trip in Philly. Sat at the bar and literally was impressed by everything that I ordered off the bar menu. Cocktails we're phenomenal also. All round great place for a nice business dinner, date or happy hour.Food is fantastic. A modern take on traditional Jewish dishes, making them unrecognizable in a good way. The music sucks- like you're in a sports bar and 20 years old. Too loud and totally inappropriate! Who is their music selector! So wrong. There were families with babies, and young children, and older couples. The music should have been just instrumental, lower in volume, and more in line with the ethnicity of the food.My husband and I were happy to try this restaurant last Saturday but the food will not draw us back. 
The positives: Friendly wait staff. The shrimp fried rice was good, although the texture of the rice was a little off.  The veal schnitzel tacos were okay (my husband enjoyed them very much), but I thought the veal was too heavy and I did not enjoy the health salad on top.  We loved the apple strudel.
The negatives: The kasha varnishkes had an odd taste.  The corned pork belly was essentially a fatty pork rind, and I was just not a fan. The blood and smoke cocktail was my least favorite cocktail that I have ever ordered; the ice made it difficult to drink, and the flavor was much too smoky for my liking.  
I did not enjoy the restaurant's décor; I felt refreshed upon leaving.PROS: Tasty yet simple dishes, great desserts, fast service
CONS: -
The borscht tartare, shaved beets topped with a half-egg and trout roe, and the salmon gravlax, cubed salmon with thinly sliced radishes and chunked potato latke, were simple in flavor but appetizing as starters. The kasha varnishke was a tad salty and dull, reminiscent of Americanized ravioli, but the roasted salmon was perfectly cooked and paired finely with the dill sour cream and swiss chard. For dessert, I enjoyed the almond panna cotta --- the almond flavor reminded me of a thicker, creamer version of Chinese annin tofu/xingren doufu, paired with various small, sliced fruits. The food here is pretty solid overall.Food was amazing, and the best service/foh staff we have ever experienced in the Philly area.So many amazing reviews, I really wanted to love this place and was eagerly waiting for my reservation. Loved the atmosphere and decor. Very cozy and on a smaller side. Love when places let you see the food prep, nothing to hide, always a good sign. Our reservation was at 9 and at around 9:25 we were finally seated. I didn't try any of the drinks as I didn't crave any of them. I did taste my husbands tequila drink. It was yummy and refreshing, although slightly on a sweet side. The wine list although small was excellent and my wine was amazing. The service was solid and nothing out of the ordinary. 
The food was a mix. I found the concept very intriguing and as mentioned earlier, was very excited. I grew up eating Easter European Jewish food and was curious to see the execution in this small tapas format. When I say small tapas, there is no exaggeration. They were small, tiny, minuscule. The three of us shared three tasting menus and basically had 9 dishes to try. Most of the dishes had exactly 3 tiny little pieces of food. The tacos come as a 2 and they did add an additional taco for $7. 
From the first course we tried the chopped liver, mackerel and latkes. All three were very yummy and no complaints there. Presentation was lovely. Chopped liver was atypically very light and the grilled rye bread delicious. 
From the second course we had Brussels Caesar salad, poek belly Reuben and the roasted mushrooms. Not sure why the mushrooms are even on the menu, very unoriginal and not much flavor. The salad was probably my favorite. Perfect balance of acidity and sweetness with amazing rye bread croutons. I just wish there was more or it! I didn't really get the Reuben. It was just one bite and I mostly tasted the cheese. I think it might have been good if there was more of it to dissect. 
For the third, we had the veal tacos, the steak and a fish entrée. Not sure why people raved about the tacos? The veal inside was very well executed, but when eating together with the heavy flour tortilla, the taco was left dry and flavorless. All I tasted was the tortilla. The steak was unfortunately inedible. Although it was cooked to perfection, the three of us agreed that it was way too salty. Roo salty to even finish. The fish was good. It had a very crispy shell, but I was not a fan of the romanesco it came with. It was overlooked and borderline mushy. 
The desserts were decent but nothing too memorable. Bacon and egg cream was probably the most interesting. It was far too sweet for me, but clever and the bacon flavor did come through very subtly in the little crunchy prices found in the middle. I think one of federal donuts would have been a plus on that menu!
Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I didn't love the place. I typically wait for two visits before leaving a review, but not sure I'll be going back soon.I love all things Solomonov, so I knew I had to try Abe Fisher.  My experience with Jewish food is limited to several Passover dinners I attended in college as a Shiksa.  My friend and I were seated promptly on a Saturday night and it really wasn't as busy as I thought it would be.  We decided to split a bottle of wine. They have a lot of options I was unfamiliar with and the server was very helpful with her descriptions.  For the food, we had the brussels sprout salad, the carrots, the kasha, the reubens, the salmon, and the lamb.  The stand outs were the brussels sprouts, and the reubens.  Those dishes would be excellent for happy hour.  The salmon was also very nice.  The only thing that disappointed me was the lamb.  I thought it would be a more braised, fall off the bone style, but it had more of a steak texture and it didn't have a ton of flavor.  The latke and mustard it was served with was great.  We chatted with a couple next to us, and they had high praises for the tacos and the chopped liver,  and the short ribs if you can get it, but said to skip the steak.  For dessert we had the bacon and egg cream and the black and white.  The desserts are pretty substantial for a tasting menu.  The bacon and egg cream was good, the bacon was not overwhelming, but I really loved the black and white.  Overall I would say that I like Zahav better, but Abe Fisher is definitely worth a shot.Top notch all the way. Amazing modern take on classic meals. Stunningly presented, only to be exceeded by the taste of every dish. Nice modern deli-ish design and great music. Waitstaff was absolutely hamish, sweet and doting. This was a birthday dinner and seriously, the team went out of their way to make it a special night. The smoked short rib is not to be missed. It's a pre-order item, not available to a party of two, but my wife was able to arrange a sample.  Other highlights were the gravlax, the knish, the chopped liver, and the Gefilte fish. The deserts, save room, were surprising and scrumptious. Congratulations to Michael Solomonov for once again raising the bar in Phila. Destination Dizengoff next time.Abe Fisher has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Besides the food, which is like eating at your Bubbe's house (if your Bubbe watched Top Chef), the service is impeccable.  I've had sit-down dinner here twice, but this review is really for happy hour, which is an incredible deal: it's every day of the week from 5-7, with $5 small plates and $7 cocktails.  The bar is small, but if you get there early and can get a seat you really get spoiled. We got there around 5:15 and each ordered a cocktail, and while we were drinking the kitchen continuously sent out free small sampling plates for everyone at the bar.  The servers and bartenders are friendly and down-to-earth.  
One last thing: if you like dirty martinis and/or pickles, the Abe Fisher Cocktail is a must-order.The food lived up to the standard we have come to expect from Michael Solomonov. The smoked salmon cake and the the veal schnitzel tacos are must haves. We ended dinner with the apple strudel, WOW. Service was excellent. Although I think Zahav can't be beat, Abe Fisher came very close!In Philadelphia for the week-end with my husband from Seattle.  We both grew up eating Jewish food in New York and was lucky enough to get a reservation Saturday night.  This is by far one of the most enjoyable and unique eating experiences we've had.  The server was knowledgeable and  all of the were friendly and very efficient.  The drink combinations including the Manischevitz wine (known in the Jewish community as cough syrup) somehow was turned into an incredible drink.  The food  was absolutely delicious.  The restaurant manager was very personable, interested getting feedback and spent time talking with us.  Only wish we had an Abe Fisher in Seattle!I'm biased. I know what sweet and sour meatballs, stuffed derma, and chopped liver are supposed to taste like.
Even at its best, Jewish food is just kind of OK. At its worst - gefilte fish - it can be downright nasty. 
To give some perspective, Katz' is the ultimate Jewish culinary mecca: "gourmet" is a French, definitely not a Yiddish concept.
Which is why I'm so impressed with Abe Fisher. A chef is defined by the challenges he takes on, and making Jewish home food worthy of a fancy restaurant is no mean feat. 
The chopped liver is delicate and mousse-like and the equal of foie. (No more lumps, no more faint whiff of iron).
The meatballs avoid the sickly sweetness that traditionally is their calling card.
I have to stand and applaud the gefilte fish, both for the ballsiness of putting it on the menu and the execution: how do you take slimy fish balls and make them fragrant and delectable...amazing.
And to wash it all down with a chocolate bacon egg cream? Abe Fisher, you've done your people proud.I recently checked out Abe Fisher for the first time on New Year's Eve, which may have been a bad time to get the full experience. Even though the place is quite small, the ambiance is noisy and a bit reminiscent of a 50's diner with a modern twist. My girlfriend and I skipped the 3-course prix fixe in favor of the 35-day dry aged rib eye for two. It looked and sounded much better than it was. The chef's choice of small plates included venison carpaccio and latke with salmon, which were tastey. The wine list was sufficient with a few nice options by the glass. I had a strange dessert containing bacon, Oreo crumbles, and chocolate foam which was actually quite good. The Devil's food cake, on the other hand, was very dry. Service was adequate but a little rushed. For the same price, I don't think I can recommend Abe Fisher over Zahav.Just finished fantastic dinner. This place is top notch across the board - food, service , atmosphere ! Our dinner started off with savory rugelach - fabolous !
We had the duck special - out of this world. The dish was to be shared by 2 people. Duck was prepared to perfection , came with shmaltz rice, kishka, Chinese buns ( pillows of goodness ) kale salad as well as 3 small plates of our liking ( or you can be surprised ). We had pork belly Reuben outstanding flavors , potato latka with salmon as well as Venison carpaccio, we also had the chicken farfel  - it was like eating at grandma's! 
Dessert was equally impressive - apple crisp yum! I would have this over and over again everyday! 
This is a well priced restaurant for the quality of food and service you receive. 
I will definitely come back when I'm back in Philly.Incredibly creative menu. Absolutely delicious food. Fabulous drinks.   I had very high expectations when I went the first time and the restaurant surpassed them. I brought a friend for their birthday once. They were initially not very tempted by the menu descriptions, but agreed to give it a shot.  They left the restaurant incredibly impressed and looking forward to returningWhen I was walking through Philadelphia this place caught my eye. The key to good food is the story behind the chef--and what a story it is. Chef Sichel brings mastery to his vision of what food should be. Fanciful creations make up his simple menu. He keeps everything unique and ensures everything you try will have you telling, "wow I've never had something like that before." 
I went in for dessert and had the best egg cream ever. A touch of bacon and Oreo crumbles and a drizzle of maple syrup, this bubbly concoction was as tasty as it is innovative. The staff was extremely pleasant and I'll definitely be going back.first off food ,5 star, everything, the duck main course, mackeral, kreplach, chicken liver, meal of a lifetime, service great also and the freebies, couldn't have been more generous, only complaint didn't have 2 more of us to go for the  short ribs!, savory rugalas a genius creation, another free bee, !! only issue was the space, a bit crowded, noisy and it was my 50th birthday but you know what ,
it's the food that matters and this is not the place to go to if you want fancy, romantic so that's on us. Wow, can't say enough good things about this place and they even they  mailed me back my sunglasses which I had left behind and live 2 hours away so wasn't able to pick up. Only food  disappointment, maybe quarter star deduction ,was the cherry tart dessert (more like a danish) , not bad, but not memorable like the other dishes. Mazel tov Abe Fisher.you hit the mark. . .This was a wonderful evening of great food touching upon memories of our grandmothers' labors of love! Truly attentive and informed staff. We even found a surprise in sharing the short ribs with another couple. A great experience!Great cocktails, delicious small plates and great service.This review is a little belated - we went to Abe Fisher last November. We thought every dish was excellent and just the right portion size. The corned pork belly reuben was to die for. We liked how the two of us ordered 6 dishes and the portion sizes were such that we could try a bit of everything. And the cocktails! We particularly like Blood & Smoke and Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition. 
We will definitely be coming back here!What a great meal for restaurant week! 4 courses for 35. My partner and I thought the plates would be small (as usual for a tapas place), but we left absolutely stuffed! 
Highlights of the meal: 
Borscht Tartare - Tasted like passover to me (in a good way)! So delish, many of the flavors of passover in 1 single plate!
Kisha Varnishkes - Amazing, but slightly salty, not TOO salty, but maybe they could have cut back.
Gefilte Fish - Amazing flavor, and by far the best gefilte fish i've ever had. 
Shrimp Fried Rice - Loved the playfulness of this dish!
Dry Aged lamb Minute Steak - Latke was perfect, like the flavors of the lamb, but it was served cold, which I didn't know if it was on purpose or not, but I didn't like it, and it felt like it wasn't on purpose. 
Sweet and Sour Meatballs - Highlight of the meal, fantastic sauce, amazing meat. All around fantastic!
For dessert it was the Bacon and Egg cream - So creative, served like a parfait, so delicious and balanced. My dining partner got the sour cherry soup. Also really good. Loved the cherry sauce!
The drinks were okay, My drink tasted good (The Abe Fisher Cocktail), but there wasn't anything on the drink menu that particularly excited me. Not sure why. 
Overall, fantastic meal and service.Although I still don't know who Abe Fisher is, I do know that the food here is pretty awesome - such an interesting, creative take on many home-made Jewish dishes that I've had in the past. They even have mixed drinks derived from Manischewitz, to complete the theme. 
As part of the Restaurant Week menu, we were able to taste the following: 
1st Courses: brussels sprouts caesar, salmon gravlax, and chopped liver. All were wonderful and actually went quite well together. (Three of us shared everything - and I think that is the way to go with this restaurant.) 
2nd Courses: kasha varnishkes, corned pork belly reuben, and the lokhen kugel. I didn't like these as much as the first course items, as they were a bit heavy and ordinary. I also felt the kugel could have had a bit more duck in it. 
3rd Courses: stuffed trout gefilte fish, cholent pot pie, and stuffed cabbage. I was a bit disappointed that some items advertised on the RW menu were not available when we got there, namely the Roumanian steak and the dry-aged lamb leg. We had intended to try these items, along with the gefilte fish. The cholent pot pie was fine in terms of flavor, but the meat in it was a bit tough and dry. The stuffed cabbage was also good, but did not really stand out. However, the gefilte fish was very interesting and altogether well-executed. Instead of being a round patty of mystery fish substance, this version of gefilte fish was most definitively a trout "cylinder" stuffed with more mashed up trout. The side carrot salad paired well with it, though I felt the carrot puree would have been better if less sour and more horseradish-y.
Desserts: almond panna cotta, apple strudel, and the bacon and egg cream. All were amazing, but I especially liked the subtle almond flavor and silkiness of the panna cotta, regretting that I was only able to take a few bites of it. The bacon and egg cream was surprisingly good. 
I believe the desserts ended the meal on a strong note. This is definitely a restaurant I would return to try more items. They offer same 4-course menu on a regular basis for $39 per person, which is not a bad deal for those who intend to order dessert anyway.The salmon cream cheese dip was exactly what I would want from this type of dip. Strong cream cheese flavor, a good amount of salmon flavor, with enough garnish that stands out. Every bite tastes like the first! Nothing was overpowering, yet everything stood out on its own. 
The tomato dip with whipped butter is unbelievable. Never have I have something that was basically tomato purée turn out extraordinary! The closest thing I can equate it to is a pimento like flavor in the mid tones, but otherwise, this is something special. My tongue brims with a zing every time I lick my lips.  
The chicken liver mouse was actually a little too strong in the gamy flavor! Luckily it sits only in the high tones, but it overpowers the onion bacon jam. I had to eat the jam by itself just to see what it actually tasted like. 
The zucchini blossoms are a beautiful presentation for what's essentially blue fin salad. The blue fin had a wonderfully smoked yet creamy flavor. The breading surrounding it offered a light, but sturdy layer of fried breading. The veggies surrounding it don't stand out much all together, but they do offer a nice, warm low tone in the backdrop. 
The veal schnitzel taco is a gong of flavor that awakes my senses. However they prepare the meat is phenomenal. Moist, has a little chew so it doesn't feel like mush, a nice gamy flavor, with plenty of robust grease flavor. Even 5 minutes after eating this, my tongue is still resonating from the flavors! The veggies are definitely in the backdrop, not trying to step on the toes of the meat.  
The pasta and pickle salad are Ok, but they are basically filler. No need to pig out on these things.  
I can see why the Montreal short rib is popular. Slow cooked, not braised, crispy bark, lots of beefy flavor, and tender. If I wasn't from Texas, I'd think this stuff is gold. The salt-grease-meat ratio in flavor was well balanced. I love the fact that the chefs tasting menu offers this, as the full order of the short rib is huge! Make sure to drink plenty of water.  
The bacon and egg dessert sounded amazing, but it comes off much lighter in taste than I hoped for. By no means was it bad, but nothing popped in flavor or had a zing to it. The bacon and eggs are detectable, but you have to focus pretty hard to get a grasp on the whole composition. I was hoping for an explosion of flavor, but it came off much more conservative.  
Overall, Im happy with the chef's approach in a city that's fairly traditional. The Montreal short rib draws attention, but some of the other offerings are well executed. I wouldn't say this is an absolute must to visit while in Philly, but you wont be disappointed.My stars reflect the food only. The service was fantastic.
With Zahav being our favorite restaurant in the city, my girlfriend and I were excited to try Abe Fisher during Restaurant Week. Unfortunately, our experience left a lot to be desired.
First, the menu had many differences from the one posted online. Some of the dishes we were excited to try (notably the Salmon Belly Gravlax and Dry Aged Lamb Minute Steak) were nowhere to be seen. I can understand menu discrepancies like these happening, particularly for restaurants that are known to often change their menus, but for a place that has been open for just over a week, it was a bit surprising.
The second issue was when I told our waitress of my gluten allergy. When I called the restaurant a week prior, I was given the impression that there were plenty of options to choose from and several substitutions that could be made if needed. However, when she showed me my options, they were few. Three out of five vegetable dishes (no problem), two out of five fish dishes (oh...), and only one out of five meat dishes (really?). I wasn't expecting everything to be available for me due to the nature of the cuisine, but the fact that no mention was made of at least being able to make substitutions for some of the fish and meat dishes was disappointing. Making due with the choices at hand, I ordered the borscht tartare, grilled salmon, and steak. My girlfriend went with the radish salad (also gluten-free), smoked sable cake, and the corned pork belly.
The radish salad was mostly good, with the highlight being the delicious candied pine nuts. However, along with cooked pieces of radish, there were also large (maybe a half-inch or so) wedges of raw radish, which were difficult to handle. Raw radish has a very powerful taste, and eating giant chunks of it drowned out the flavor of everything else.
Since I've never tried borscht before, the borscht tartare was probably not the best introduction for me. All I knew of the dish beforehand was that it's a soup made from beets. This was more of a cooked beet dish eaten with a fork (I guess that's the tartare description at work). While the freshly made potato chips and hard boiled egg on the side were nice, the borscht itself had an overwhelming horseradish flavor. We unfortunately couldn't finish it.
Our second courses were also mixed. My salmon was perfectly cooked with a crispy skin and melt-in-your-mouth flesh, but it was bland. There was a slight salmon flavor, but it was mostly texture. The succotash side contained very fresh tasting corn, but it also had way too much vinegar to the point where my lips and gums felt tingly when I was done. My girlfriend said her sable cake was good, though.
For our third course meat dishes, I enjoyed the steak a lot. It had a fantastic crust and was cooked to a nice medium rare. The charred broccoli and garlic sauce were both very nice accompaniments. But my girlfriend could barely eat her corned pork belly. Maybe she just expected something else. When she saw pork belly listed, she thought it would be a juicy piece of meat that had been brined and cooked. What she received were thin, peppery slices of pork that tasted like cheap deli meat. Her radish kraut also had too much vinegar, like my succotash. She said the potato latke was excellent, though.
At that point, the manager, Eilon, came by our table to ask how our meal had been. We told him the truth, making sure to also highlight the parts of our dinner that we really enjoyed. He was extremely kind and professional, and he apologized for the parts that weren't to our liking. We then ordered dessert. I had the pavlova with sour cherry soup (the only gluten-free option), and my girlfriend went with the bacon and egg cream with a chocolate foam.
Mine was the first dessert to arrive, which was shortly followed by Eilon presenting us with *two* bacon and egg creams. Huh? He explained that he didn't want us to go home hungry, and so they prepared the second one without Oreos for me (so I guess they can make substitutions after all). This was incredibly kind of him, if not a bit humorously misguided since my girlfriend was the hungrier one, being unable eat her meat dish, whereas I enjoyed my steak very much. Nonetheless, both desserts were tasty, rich, and filling, to the point that we both felt bad that we were too full to eat the extra one.
When Eilon brought our check, he apologized again for the mishaps and explained that, as a new restaurant, they're still playing around with the menu, seeing what works and doesn't, and making adjustments. He appreciated our feedback and said that hopefully they'll have more gluten-free options in the future. He even gave us a generous discount on our bill. Overall he was very professional (this can't be overstated) and really showed that he cares about his restaurant and wants his customers to enjoy themselves.
If we go back in the future, I really hope we have the experience he envisions.Fantastic restaurant week experience. The food was fresh, imaginative and delicious. No one in the kitchen was phoning it in. Staff was very knowledgeable and helpful.Go to happy hour. Enjoy some small plates. Rejoice in the cocktail selection. This place was a classy, fun time.Overall experience was a 4. Came here for restaurant week but I think they regularly offer their tasting for $39 instead of $35 during restaurant week. My favorite was the raw and marinated bass--fresh bass with pomegranate seeds and this side veggie thing that was delicious. The pork belly was also good, though thinly sliced like bacon with crispy thing on top of it. My friend found it to be too salty but I thought it was alright. I think we also had the trout gefilte fish that was wayyy salty that impacted the pork belly. 
Bacon egg and cream for dessert was fantastic. Rich but not overwhelming, the texture is great on the tongue. But finishing off with the pannacotta was perfect as it is light and refreshing.
Would come back again but may reconsider number of dishes as we were too full, and to even out number of salty dishes.My sister told me this was the best restaurant she's ever been to and that I had to check it out.. So I did. I took my boyfriend here last night, for his birthday. We decided to go for the three course + duck + two desserts option. As soon as we ordered they started bringing us food. It began with their version of "bread", which I can't quite describe except to say it's much better. As soon as we would finish eating something they would bring the next tray. We were so stuffed by the time the duck came but we managed to finish most of it because it literally melts in your mouth (and we took the rest home, of course). The desserts were also to die for. My sparkling wine was amazing. Will def need to come back to this fantastic place another time. My only complaint is that the music was a little loud but I still think it's a five star experience.This is my favorite happy hour spot in the city right now! Grab a seat at the bar, order a delicious wine from the really knowledgeable bartenders, devour the AMAZING savory mini rugelach and amuse-bouche, and order everything on the menu! Seriously. Everything I've had here has been fantastic, even the stuff that I typically find kind of gross is tasty here - like the chopped liver dish. Though the chopped liver here is more like a foie gras mousse with rye toasts. Heirloom tomatoes are always pretty great anywhere, but here they are exceptionally delicious paired with crunchy walnuts and boursin cheese sauce! It's been hard to find a spot with great drinks and great food for HH, but Abe Fisher is stellar on both fronts.
I've also been here for dinner - great service and great food! The veal schnitzel tacos are a must!As my belly quivered violently and methodically, my lover and I knew the need for a meal fast approacheth.  We were out on a lovers walk, you see, starry-eyed and aroused by the pure lust in the evening air.  I but wished I could kiss my lover right then and there, pressed against the BigBelly Trash Compactor, but I knew I would devour her, I was so famished.  Right then, as if blessed by Yahweh herself, we came upon Abe Fisher. 
My lover and I entered, greeted by pungent odors not unpleasant.  Upon being seated, we were gifted menus most interesting.  The foods, inspired by the Jewish Diaspora of centuries past, took us on a sensuous journey of tastes and textures.  As if my soul had left my body, I found myself in the shtetl square, my lover riding me as merchants sold their wares and klezmer music carried on the cool breeze.
My lover enjoyed a veal schnitzel taco as she made eyes at me.  My lover, you see, is quite the rapscalliion when aroused and famished.  I dined on chopped liver, the earthy flavors barely making it into my mouth, as my beard is bushy and manly.  Gravlax so sublime it was as if King Poseidon himself rode onto the land in his seahorse chariot and delivered it from the sea straight into my willing mouth.  A pork belly reuben that tasted of the Old World and New.  The only thing keeping me from leaping over the table and taking my lover right there was the neckbrace I was forced to wear after slipping on some nacho cheese I had spilled at the local theater.  
If you are hungry, and you are a lover, you must become lovers with Abe Fisher.First visit. FOOD: nice modern take on Jewish/Eastern Europe cuisine. Everything was tasty, but I can't say we had a WOW experience. SERVICE: nice, friendly, professional. VALUE: very good. AMBIANCE: modern diner. Overall it was a nice experience.Incredible. I came here on a business trip (although I used to live in Philadelphia) and ate at the bar. The avocado salad was exquisite. Gin cured fluke and salmon excellent also, chef tried a pasta plate out on me and it was the perfect complement. John C. was an excellent guide/waiter and paired some excellent wines, convinced me not to fear Spanish whites. I highly recommend a dining experience here.This is a little long so if you want to save yourself some time just read this - go to Abe Fisher. Go with a date or go with a group, order a bunch of plates and enjoy because everything you eat at this place is like a new and exciting adventure for your mouth. OK, now I will elaborate...
We already had planned to order from the prix fixe menu and are so glad we did! $39 pp for 3 plates and a dessert each turned out to be an amazing deal. We went here on Saturday before Valentines Day for a pretty early 5:15 reservation.  I walked in as the only customer in the place but quickly after being seated and my date arriving, the place was filling up fast.  We ended up trying the chopped liver, potato latkes, pickled mackerel, corned pork belly reuben, halibut and veal tacos. Everything, and I mean EVERY single dish, was prepared perfectly with really interesting and unexpected combos that complimented each other so well. I can't even pick one or two stand out dishes because absolutely everything was tasty, prepared well and generously portioned for small plates. We were able to try two desserts - the bacon and egg cream and the flourless chocolate cake. BOTH WERE AMAZING. We didn't exactly know what to expect from the bacon and egg cream but it turned out to be a layer of vanilla cream topped with bacon and oreo crumble and chocolate mousse with a smoked maple syrup on top. It was an unconventional combo (as were most of their plates) but a big winner. The flourless chocolate cake was served with some chocolate pieces and cranberry sauce and was so perfectly chocolately I'm pretty sure I had a chocolate orgasm.
Also, this place is killing it with the freebies. Within a few minutes of being seated we were offered free coat check and complimentary sparkling water and soon after ordering we were brought two small dishes to try. The service was impeccable. It was incredible how quickly our water was refilled, plates were cleared, table was wiped between each course without the servers being overbearing or annoying. Everyone we encountered was polite and friendly. 
The only negatives might be that the drinks seemed very small for the price (we didn't order but saw them at other tables) and the food was pretty heavy so if you're looking for lighter fare, this place might not be for you. It was the perfect spot for a decadent Valentine's meal at a reasonable price and we will definitely be back!i would call this place more of an experience than a restaurant. the fixed menu is filled with influences from a variety of cultures and the flavors are fantastic. the service is great and i have no complaints. the restaurant is a small space and crowded but they make the tables intimate. the portions are small but you get 3 courses from the menu so it adds up in the end. i left feeling full and happy.We went for restaurant week and it did not disappoint! We love Zahav, also by this group, and so we were eager to try Abe Fisher. Although we went for restaurant week, they also have a similar menu all year-round, where you can get three plates for $39, but it was nice to save a few dollars. The meal started with a nice sweet/savory rugelach, which was a great start and SO delicious. We had four people and had we known how the plates would be portioned (about four bites per plate) I would have encouraged our group to each get something different so that we could have tried more items. Overall, our favorites were the latkes, the brussel sprouts, and schnitzel tacos. Additionally, the chicken was described as one in our party as "the best chicken I have ever had". Seasoned and cooked perfectly, it was quite delicious. We got the bacon and egg cream for dessert and since we were already pretty full, it was nice to have something light to end the meal. However, typically I am more a rich-dessert person and this would not really measure up to that. Overall I think the savory items are better than the sweet, so I would recommend even just getting three savories (all from the lower section), or having only one person get dessert, if you are going as a couple. Will definitely be recommending this to our more-foodie friends, who are interested in unique combinations of ingredients.Hands-down one of the finest meals and dining experiences I've ever had. This is an absolutely must-visit place in Philadelphia. It's unique and spectacular.What happened to Abe Fisher-We were there a few months ago and the food was wonderful. Went there this week and what a change. The staff was rude and not  friendly. and the food was not the same. The menu changed and was certainly not as tasty.
We won't be back.I was really excited to dine at Abe Fisher.  I had read the reviews, and of course know of Zahav, so it was a nice surprise to get an early reservation for our family.  We tried a variety of dishes with the highlights being the liver (I don't even like chicken liver but this was incredible!), the pork belly reuben, the veal schnitzle taco, and the farfal were all divine.  Honestly, I didn't know what to expect and I was thrilled with the inventive menu.  The drinks were equally amazing - "About last night"... just yes, yes.  I would highly recommend this.  I told my husband I feel like I cheated on NYC this week... but I kinda liked it.The food is pretty good, not amazing. I think we decided that we'd go back for happy hour but probably not dinner again. 
The part that annoyed us most is the difficulty we had ordering a la carte. They seemed rather upset that we didn't want to order the 39 dollar tasting. They even tried to spin things that we were ordering into the tasting menu. When asked if we wanted to do the tasting,  our "no"  should have been sufficient. We didn't really want to defend our position. Instead of paying the 78 bucks we spent about 60 and we were full and happy.
All that being said...  Get the liver mousse and the veal tacos. Delicious.When I mentioned to the hostess that it would be hard to top Zahav (another restaurant in the same group), she assured me that Abe Fisher wouldn't disappoint. I admit I was skeptical at first.
My skepticism started to melt away after the first taste of rugelach. Different tastes than Zahav, but the philosophy of fresh done to perfection resounds here. Much like Zahav, I found the best parts of the menu were the small bites, and not the mains. Delectable crispy tongue, nicely balanced carpaccio and horseradish, and the heirloom tomato were a few of my favorites. A couple of Fedoras (one of Abe's signature cocktails), and to top it all off the bacon and egg cream left me wondering when I can come back for more!This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.
The atmosphere is intimate and trendy.  The restaurant is a small which allows the waiters to tend to your every need.  The service was phenomenal from the coat check to the actual check.  You couldn't ask for more attentive staff, if anything it might have been a little too much at times. 
All of our food was exquisitely prepared and featured flavor combinations that you would never imagine to be as delicious as they are.  Eating the four course $39 Prix fixe menu is like being a judge on an episode of chopped, except you're only eating the winning dish from each round.
We didn't order drinks, however I really liked how the pricing for the cocktails and wines were all the same, it made it very easy to browse.
Amazing food, amazing service, casual intimate atmosphere, and a pretty reasonable price.  What else could you ask for?We had a really nice dinner at Abe Fisher a few weeks ago. The menu is very unique, I hate to use the word eclectic, but it's a crazy mish mash of flavors inspired by traditional american jewish cuisine. The cocktails were excellent, and the tasting menu is probably one of the best values I've seen in the city recently. Also, the service was friendly and professional. I can definitely recommend Abe Fisher.Can't say a single negative thing about this place. Food, service, ambience... perfection. Best amaro selection in Center City, best wine selection - all $7 for a long, daily happy hour. You can't go wrong.Tried the tasting menu. Overall, i thought the food was good, although I thought a lot of them were more on the saltier side... ive never really had real jewish food, but overall felt that everything tasted good (minus saltiness). more than the food, i loved the service. the staff was very attentive and very friendly!What an amazing experience. I dunno where to begin. The food or the staff. Everything was phenomenal. From the minute my husband and I arrived, we were made to feel welcomed. Our waitress gave a great over view of the menu, as it was our first time here. We went with the short rib option that gave us a nice sampling of smaller dishes prior to the main event! We loved it all. Will definitely be back in the future!Another Michael Solomonov hit.  Abe Fisher definitely exceeded my expectations.  I had warm childhood memories conjured while perusing the menu .  Yet, upon sampling the dishes, while the food was a bit reminiscent of the childhood food, it was so innovative and nuanced that I doubt I could enjoy my mother's matzoh brie again! 
The most noteworthy dishes: the squash caesar (phenomenal: don't let the "mundane" caesar salad element scare you, this is a homerun), veal schniztel tacos, duck blintzes (I'm still dreaming about these!), the matzoh brie (of course), and the pork belly reuben.  The only dish that was somewhat disappointing was the tuna crudo.  However, the amount of incredible food more than compensated.  
Oh yes, the savory rugelach is some of the best restaurant bread I've had in quite some time.  I didn't think I would ever enjoy non-sweet rugelach, alas Chef Solomonov has converted me.
Just go here.Dark hair girl with glasses was very ignorant to us. Felt very silly asking questions to her. I got a snigger when asked for descriptions. I thought it would be a welcoming place as I dined at the bar. Not so!We came here for my birthday dinner.  I'll be honest, when first looking at the menu before we arrived I wasn't all too excited, but we were staying at a hotel around the corner and they had a reservation open so why not?  We walk in and the hostess greeted us with a big smile and wished me a happy birthday, she knew from the reservation form, nice touch.  Our server came over immediately and wished me a happy birthday again.  She was very friendly and professional.  Then she asked if we wanted complementary flat or sparkling water.  I'm a seltzer fanatic so when I heard it was free I was surprised and happy!!  I ordered the Abe Fisher cocktail and my husband ordered the Mind Games cocktail, both were very strong but I'm not a drinker and my husband ordered a second (so he liked it!).  We both ordered the prix fixe $39 option, 4 courses each person and everyone at the table has to order this option.  Before our first course they gave us the complementary savory rugelach and house made chip with beet borsch on top.  Both were very tasty little bites.  First course (which is just $10 a plate if you order on its own):  salmon gravlax and chicken liver - both amazingly good.  Now I'm getting excited!!  Second course ($12 per plate if ordering on its own)  zucchini flower and Ruben sandwiches - the zucchini flower was our least fave of the night, if I had to do it over again I would order the tuna crudo instead.  Both were too heavy for a second course.  Third course ($14 per plate on its own) roasted salmon and skirt steak.  The salmon was cooked to perfection, could've used a tiny bit more seasoning.  The skirt steak was the star of the night.  It was like butter, the most tender piece of meat I've ever had!!  Fourth course ($9 per plate on its own) dessert:  bacon and egg cream as well as sour cream panna cotta.  I would go back just for the panna cotta, omg it's the best dessert I've ever had!  The bacon and egg cream was good, but I'm glad I shared it because I couldn't eat the entire thing by myself.  I could, however, eat a dozen panna cottas!!  Each server that came to our table wished me a happy birthday and was so friendly.  They also cleaned our table, gave us new utensils and plates between each course.  They were so attentive without being overwhelming or interrupting our conversations.  The manager came up to us after, shook our hands and asked how our experience was.  He was truly interested in what we had to say, which was the food was amazing and we will be coming back because of the service.  True fine dining experience, you won't be disappointed!!  They won top 21 best new restaurants in America from Eater.com and truly deserve it!I went to Abe Fisher a couple nights ago and had a blast..  I sat at the "chefs table" and watched those 20 something year old chefs do their thing.  They probably got a few "how you doin'?" from me but at least I didn't try to slap their asses.  That would have gotten weird.  Anyway, the service was excellent and the cocktails made with pickle juice were really good.  It's like a dirty martini with pickle juice.  I will have to go back to give a better review on the food.  Those pickle cocktails may be small but they are mighty.  I just realized that I had the gefilte fish and accidentally ate the skin on it which I don't do because it's funky.  Amateur move but like I said..those cocktails are stronger than you think!  Make sure you read what is on the menu before you get sauced!So good. We had a dinner for two where we both choose the prix fixe option. The amount of food was just right to allow us to enjoy a number of different dishes as well as satisfy our appetites.
The customer service was great across the board. Our server's name was Amy. The host and food runners were all polite and informative.
I plan to return.Initially was going to go check out Olde Bars happy hour but came here since it was closer.  Was able to get the last seat at the bar against the wall.  I started with a pinkish sweet drink and then went with the Green Belt which was not bad. Im not able to drink too much of anything sweet or sour so I switched to a glass of rosé.  So the first 5 items are for happy hour and I didn't realize that they were small bite size portions outside of the Brussels sprout Caesar which was a regular portion size.  The only one I remember the name of was the chicken liver mousse which was good.  The other bites I had were the umok, a short rib thing which was good and a butternut thing which was ok and this came to roughly $34.  I'll have to come back to try the regular menu but it was a good first stop and I was a little more full than I thought but left wishing I had gone to Olde Bar for what I'm assuming is a regular portion sized happy hour menu lol.  Good to know the happy hour is daily 5-7pm. Bartender was helpful with questions and suggestions and the place does seem nice and worth a revisitIncredible from start to finish! Attentive service but not too overbearing. Perfect night, prefect meal. On the drive home I turned to my husband to ask what his favorite part of dinner was....he couldn't decide because everything was so delicious and memorable. Can't wait to return!I have been so slow getting to this gem in the city that Im kicking myself.  I love the atmosphere; it's cozy, classy, comfortable.  It's also well designed to avoid being loud, which makes it uncommonly wonderful.
The food was perfect.  I joined friends for the short rib chefs tasting menu and we were hit with a barrage of dishes, each one a creative take on Jewish comfort foods.  Nothing was traditional and nothing predictable.  I loved how every single thing sent out by the chef was another exciting and unique combination of flavors.  The service was impeccable and our experience priceless.  Ive been to some chef's tasting dinners at highly ranked restaurants and none of them were close to this good and yet this one was so much more reasonably priced.   
I can't wait to come back!I was slightly intimidated by Abe Fisher's menu as I was very unfamiliar with most of all the dishes offered. Colleen, our server, was extremely helpful in explaining each dish and suggesting her favorites. Between the dishes we ordered and the dishes the chef surprised us with, I think we tried about 10 different things, each better than the last. Some honorable mentions: the tacos - by far the best dish of the night - the Kasha varnishkes, and the brussel sprouts ceasar - I wanted to eat a mountain of them!
To finish off, the black and white cheesecake was simply heaven. 
Overall, one of the best dinners in a long time! I cant wait to come back with my friends!Went for the first time on valentine's day and had a 5 star experience. 
Although it was recommended, we opted out of the prixe fix and just ordered a la carte because I wasn't that hungry... My date was slightly worried he would starve to death but I reassured him that if worse came to worse we'd order more...My favorites were definitely the Brussel sprout caeser, corned pork belly Reuben, and the  veal schnitzel tacos were to die for (you MUST order if you go here). I also really liked the sweet and sour meatballs, so tasty and flavorful. Dessert- bacon and egg cream . Just do it. Don't ask questions.  Chopped liver was super rich and yummy too. By the end of the meal we were extremely satisfied. 
Waitstaff was super knowledgable about the short yet complete wine list. If you like Spanish Tempranillo wines try the Tinta Roriz... Does not disappoint. 
On a side note: loved the more casual atmosphere and the funky playlist did not go unnoticed.  will be returning in the future and bringing more guests along with us so we can try the Montreal smoked short ribsSensational ones, twos, and threes (looking at the menu, you'll know what I mean)... I am so excited about this place. Only six months old, the sky seems to be the limit. It's hard to encompass the joy of our visit within a few sentences, but we were elated to sit at the chef's table, talk with the friendly and quick waitstaff, and gorge on all the great dishes. The brussel sprouts (a new appreciation), farfel (our first ever taste), latke (unique twist), and veal tacos all must be ordered or else you are making a life altering mistake (just kidding, you can always go back). Thanks to everyone at Abe for a marvelous meal (and super service) tonight!Great flavors but, way to heavy on the salt. The flavors of the food  were hidden behind the salinity of the dishes. Portions extremely small , very disappointed in size. Service was top notch . Andrew Zimmer you were off on your recommendation!   :(Unusual dishes on small plates to share. We had stuffed chiles, bluefish paste, tongue, latkes, sweet potatoes, each with a delicious and unique condiment, dressing, or sauce. All fabulous. Pricey. Great service. Rather noisy.Accomodated my daughter and I without a reservation which was much appreciated. Friendly service and the food was well paced and served hot. Tried several of their small plates and popular dishes and was not disappointed. Just ate way too much.
Nice to have this mix of flavors and variety and not the same old thing. Also have plenty of choices for my daughter who is a vegetarian.The food is absolutely delicious, very cool updates on old world Jewish cuisine. DEFINITELY get the chopped liver, Brussels sprouts, and salmon - although everything was delicious (and we ordered basically every item on the menu). Cocktails are also amazing.We tried the chef menus for a special family gathering. Food is phenomenal. The ribs are to die for -Insanely tender and juicy at the same time. Best I ever had. At the end of the dinner, we can barely squeeze any space for dessert. The environment is a little dark. Service is fast and attentive. I would recommend it to a out-of-town guest.So this is my 2nd time to Abe Fisher and we had another nice experience.  First i will start by saying they run a great business.  From the hostess to the waitstaff and bartenders service is topnotch.  I love the menu and options at Abe Fisher, but I have to say this time around the food itself seemed a little less wonderful.  We chose the chef's signature tasting menu at $60 per head.  We got plenty of food, but each of the small plates sort of hit the same note.  A bit too much salt, and less complex flavors that I remembered.
I still recommend Abe Fisher, but I came away this time a little less wowed than my first visit.The food was totally delicious, and the service very courteous. Moreover, there was an issue with my bill, and the staff proactively identified and resolved it, and were extremely helpful and communicative in follow-up. Great place!As a true NYC "foodie," Abe Fisher was truly a superb culinary experience. I ate here with some local friends who recommended the restaurant and had eaten there several times and convinced me to have the smoked Montreal ribs family style feast with 7, 8 or 9 (I lost count) hors d'oeuvres including chicken liver mouse, pickled Spanish mackerel), soup, salad, housemade ryebread, mustards and garnishes and two deserts! While a little on the pricey side, in my opinion it was well worth it - All dishes were superb and yes I was in a food coma for 24 hours.  Excellent mixed drinks and craft beer selection and fabulous service. Highly recommended. Call them first on availability of the Montreal Ribs - I think they need 24 hours advance notice. Enjoy!We loved the food and the happy-hour drinks, but these five stars are mostly for Eric the bartender, whose conscientiousness when it came to my (admittedly, annoying) food restrictions allowed me to eat and drink in peace. I had avoided Abe Fisher, daunted by the many dishes that contained mustard, to which I'm allergic. When I informed Eric (who kindly introduced himself to us) of my allergy, he came around from the bar, sat down next to me, and went through the entire menu in terms of what I could - and could not - eat. As I feared, there wasn't much, but he carefully vetted everything I ate, and so I enjoyed the chopped liver, the tomato salad, the olive and prune rugelach, the broccoli kugel, and the duck blintzes. At one point, I was about to taste my husband's Abe Fisher cocktail, but Eric noticed and quickly stopped me: the pickle juice in the drink contained mustard. To sum up, we had a wonderful, safe meal at the bar, thanks to his kindness and (delightfully not obsequious) solicitude.After going to Zahav the night before, we did not know how Abe Fisher could compare. Incredible food, service, everything!!!
Started with the small assortment of sushi inspired by things you see in a deli - incredible. Chopped liver mousse - so light and creamy! Then chicken with Swiss chard and schmaltzy potatoes and challah crusted cod. Both delicious. Finished with bacon and egg creme and chocolate babka - fantastic!! Service was great - everyone was so nice and we got to thank the chef before we left!!!Super awesome concept to have a restaurant serving foods of the Jewish diaspora. So first off, I have despised gefilte fish my entire life, perhaps an oddity for those of the Jewish diaspora (of which I am a member). But the gefilte fish here was outstanding. It was made from trout and bass. Also loved the veal tacos, roasted carrots, and kasha vernishkes. The veal tacos were a big hit. The veal had so much taste to it. We didn't care for the sweet and sour meatballs too much but we aren't big beef eaters. Have to rave about the abe fisher cocktail as well (dry gin + pickle juice). 
Highly recommend the 4-course tasting menu for $40. Definitely coming back here.Came here at 5:30pm for dinner but ended up at the bar instead for the happy hour deal. Happy hour is $7 for cocktails and first course items and wines. There's complimentary savory rugalech and this potato crisp thing as amuse bouche. We had the salmon gravlax which is pieces of salmon with latke--quite good, especially if you are a latke fan. Chopped liver was very tastey spread on thick rye bread with pieces of onions. Pork belly reuben was good, had this layer of cheese thing. Isn't super memorable though. and lastly we had the duck blintzes which is shredded duck inside of this crepe with fava beans and cherry--very delicious.
With two drinks and four dishes shared with two people, it was quite affordable. Granted we also ordered basvially all meat dishes which probably filled us more. Shout out to bartender Eric who was fantastic and took care of us!After such a positive meal at Zahav about 4 years ago, I had been wanting to try Abe Fisher for quite a long time. Of course, the parking is near impossible in this area but we lucked out with some street parking close by.
We didn't have any prior reservations so we were able to sit at the bar which was no issue as we could order a full menu there. We opted for the smoked sliced short ribs and the various dishes that came with the meal. These included chicken liver mousse along with two other dips, potato latke, a sweet potato dish, beef tongue dish, salads and pickled vegetables, pasta salad, rye bread, the main short rib dish, and 3 different desserts. 
All of the dishes were aggressively seasoned and definitely enjoyable. The standouts to me were the potato latke, the beef tongue, and the desserts. While the short rib was good, it wasn't as godly as described in the previous reviews. It wasn't fork tender, but it again, was aggressively seasoned which I liked. The mustards and various accoutrements accompanying the short rib were fantastic as well. The desserts included the bacon and egg cream, sweet potato cake, and hazelnut chocolate marshmellow tart, which were all nicely executed and perfectly enjoyable. 
Would I come here again over Zahav? No. But it was a good experience coming here albeit a bit pricey.Awesome food, nice atmosphere, great drink choices.  As others note it is not inexpensive but worth a splurge. My husband ate here on a Friday night, we booked on the early side at 5:30.  We arrived around 5:10 and had a drink at the bar, they have great Happy Hour prices.  We could have stayed at the bar and ate the rest of our meal which would have been fine as the bar seating was great but we moved to our reserved table.  The place was completely packed a bit before 6pm, including the bar. We had the three course meal and shared along the way.  The portions were on the small size for my husband but when dessert came he felt pretty full.  They also provided a few samples from the chef along the way which was quite nice.  The staff could not be nicer or more accommodating, they fully clean your space after each serving.  Food was beautifully prepared and tasted amazing.  We will be back.We came here early for happy hour before a late dinner reservation. The bartender was great and we liked the Sauvignon Blanc and reisling he recommended. The chicken liver mousse and rye bread was phenomenal, as was the sweet potato plate. We ordered a third but I have forgotten what it was. But we ate it! The prices for happy hour are great. I think at double the price we would not be giving it five stars, though. Go early and sit at the bar!Chinese guy in a Jewish restaurant - if I waited another month until CNY, the irony would be perfect! I came here last October when the restaurant was still relatively new, and didn't have a great experience.  Not awful, but just not very good, especially with the standard Zahav set.  Much better the second time around! The kitchen has settled, the seasoning was on point this time, the flavors and ingredients better balanced.
The salmon gravlax was just right. I'm totally stealing the snack idea of trout roe on top of beets, from their borscht tartare.  The duck confit kugel was the star - perfect comfort food for a cold East Coast night. I want a bowl of it. With sour cherries and cabbage, who knew kugel could be delicious.
Gefilte and tasty in the same sentence? Check. The trout 'gefilte'-style had perfectly crisped skin rolled around a perfectly cooked interior.  Like Zahav, there's not many seafood options, but the few they do, they do very well.
Service was attentive, and professional, something lacking in Philly.  Water glass never went empty.  Professional with just the right amount of fun.  Especially the cherubic tat'd up waitress that served a few courses. 
If you want Jew food perked up, this is the place.I stopped by this place when I was in Philly for my first legal drink (21st), the bartender was fantastic. We ordered two drinks at the bar, the city slang record sales - (gin honeydew melon, parsley) and the (lost linens gin blueberry, blackberry, mint). The city slang record sales was amazing! Fruity and refreshing with the herbal depth you can only get from a properly mixed drink, the lost linens was good too but we agreed that the city slang record sales was better.Amazing food. The inside is smaller than you'd expect - dimly lit with a classy hipster vibe. Get the montreal style short ribs tasting menu.Abe Fisher feels like your Jewish grandmother's swanky old school diner. The outside has just one slim sign reading vertically against the door. From the inside, it feels as if you are almost hidden from the outside world because the walls are covered in dark wallpaper, the booths and bar are also a slick black and there is only one narrow window running from one end to the other in the front of the restaurant. It's a small space, very reminiscent of a diner inside, but much more trendy and intimate. 
We started with cocktails at the bar while our table was being prepared. They are definitely well crafted but for the amount they serve, I thought it was a little overpriced as it came to a little over $13 with tax and I had maybe 1/4 cup worth of drink in the glass.
They were still running the restaurant week deal so we were each able to order 1 small plate from each section and 1 dessert. I ordered the chopped liver to start. It was very tasty and a good size serving. Next I ordered the Lokshen Kugel (duck confit) which was delicious - especially with the sour cherry and braised cabbage for crunch. For my third small plate I ordered the veal schnitzel tacos and really enjoyed them, I would recommend these. 
I would have to say the desserts were my favorite. The almond panna cotta is heavenly good and with the little meringues, gooseberries and sour cherry soup, it's an amazing blend of flavors. The apple strudel was also delicious and the bacon and egg cream was so light and fluffy. 
Other items I was also able to sample from our table were the Brussels Sprouts Caesar (tasty but nothing really extraordinary), Borscht tartare, pastrami hash knish (also tasty), and sweet & sour meatballs (was not a huge fan of the meatballs).One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Had the brussel sprouts, which were put in a salad and were really well done. panna cotta for dessert was by far my favorite though. Didn't get to eat some dishes since the friend I came with couldn't get pork, so I will be back to try those too!Food is good. Way to noisy.
This is a great little space, and while the food is solid, the noise factor was way too much.  
Food: The Chicken Liver Mousse is exceptional.  The Potato Latke's great.  All of the food is well prepared with lots of flavor.  The pumpkin cake was exceptional.
Service:  Exceptional Service. Wait staff is extremely attentive.
Ambience: Tables are very close, but that is okay. The noise factor did us in.  Way too loud. Music was over whelming.Almost perfect. This meal was one of the best I've ever had. So many "fine dining" restaurants over salt their food. Abe Fisher's food had much more interesting flavors. Some highlights included the savory rugelech (smoked Gouda), beet tartar, pickled mackerel, Brussels Caesar, grilled string beans (yes, worth mentioning!), and the best skirt steak I've ever had (in fact, I never liked skirt steak until last night). However, I will avoid the Challah crusted halibut in the future as it was almost too salty to eat. (Such a surprise after the previous food perfection.) I will definitely be back to Abe Fisher's though as it may be the best restaurant in Philadelphia.Their sister restaurant Zahav is a 5, Abe Fisher is trying too hard with their small plates concept 
- think high end Jewish diner food 
- potato latkes, although inventive with homemade cream cheese and diced salmon, was executed poorly, fried too long and too little potato taste 
- for the price and the value I'd choose other options in PhillyThis was honestly one of the most gastronomically outstanding meals I have ever had. 
We went with the Prix Fixe so we could sample as much of everything. For $39 for 3 small plates AND dessert, it's great value for money but I would have paid double that amount for this meal.
Notable dishes included the Brussels Caeser (sounds boring but wow), PB Bagel with Foie Gras which was an $8 supplement, totally worth it (ultimate comfort food blended with fine dining?) and Veal Schnitzel tacos (words don't describe). Every flavor/texture was pretty much mind blowing, sometimes contradictory and confusing, but in a good way. We ended with the bacon and egg cream, don't let the name deter you - it was phenomenal. 
On top of sending our senses to heaven, the service was impeccable as well as the wine.
Highly recommend, I live in NYC and would travel to Philly for dinner to go back to Abe Fisher.My cousin had recommended we go to his favorite restaurant for dinner in Philly.  When he told me it was "Jewish" cuisine, I was a little confused.  Could this really be your favorite restaurant?  Growing up in one of the most orthodox Jewish communities in New York, I had the benefit of sampling a hodgepodge of Jewish foods which I have come to love.  But building this into a cohesive refined dining experience was a step that I could have never imagined.  Needless to say, it took a lot of chutzpah, and it paid off.
Dining with my wife and cousin was great.  We all had the ability to try a bit of every dish, and tried a good portion of the menu.  I would highly recommend the Matzo Brei and the Veal Schnitzel Tacos.  Perfectly delectable plates.
I will be back soon!!!WOW! I don't even know how to explain this food, other than to say that it was exceptionally well.prepared, executive-chef kind of fancy cuisine, except that it was also unabashedly JEWISH food. (Ashkenazi) The highlight of the meal was an amuse-bouche of "borscht" served in a little potato chip boat with dill sour cream and topped with orange caviar. 
I'm giving it 5 stars because it was just so impressive. But for my palate, there was too much salt in a number of the dishes. The roasted salmon and parsnip soup especially.If you're looking for a great place to go for restaurant week Abe and Fisher is definitely the way to go. The service was great and I really enjoyed how we didn't feel rushed. Sometimes when I go to restaurants with "small plates" I get overwhelmed when everything is brought out at the same time and too quicly before I can finish one course. I did not feel that way at all at Abe and Fisher. I went with 3 other people and we were able to order pretty much everything on the menu minus 1 from each course.  I will tell you what we got from each category and that everything was amazing but I'll highlight my favorites.
From the first course we got the asparagus and eggs, the salmon gravlax, summer squash ceasearm and the heirloom tomato salad. My personal favorite from this course was the salmon gravlax like most other reviewers. I loved the idea that this was almost like a play on lox and cream cheese but MUCH BETTER. The potato latke underneith paired with the scallion cream cheese was an excellent combination. I was also pleasantyly surprised with how much I liked the heirloom tomato salad. It seems like such a simple dish but the sweet tomoatoes paired with the pickled long hots was such a great meadly of flavors. 
From the second course we got the tuna crudo, the corned pork belly reuben, the matzo brei, and the broccoli kugel. To be honest I was not the biggest fan of the tuna crudo. The tuna underneith the raw tuna mixed with the everything bagel spice made for a flavor that was too overpowering and a kind of strange texture. In good news, i really loved the matzo brei. I loved that the smoked beef tongue resembled tomatoes and the saltiness paired so well with the sweet maple syrup and the fried egg on top.
From the third course we got the farfel, duck blintzes, veal schnitzel tacos. and the skirt steak. Everyone has already told you how awesome the schnitzel tacos are, but for me the skirt steak really took the cake from this course. It was cooked so perfectly and melted in my mouth. The duck blintzes and farfel were also both delicious, but a little too heavy for me (this may have been because I was already so full!). 
Finally, for dessert we got the bacon egg and cream, the blueberry crumble, and the fluffernutter crullers. I was so full I don't think I fully appreacited all of them, but the blueberry crumble was definitely my favorite.
Why not 5 stars you ask? Well, this may have been because we ordered an absurd amount of food but for me some of the courses were a little bit too heavy to be small plates and I was so full by the third course and the dessert I felt like I couldn't truly appreciate them. Other than that I highly recommend Abe Fisher for a fun and creative menu!Great food!! What else would you expect from Solomov?? My wife and I almost got the Montreal short rib, but opted out. Next time though,  we will. The service, as expected, was terrific.Went there twice and it was great both times. First time we did the 4 course Prix Fixe which was excellent.  Second time we did the Hungarian Duck which is for two people. It was some of the best duck I have ever had. The Chinese steamed buns and all of the other small plates/sides were fantastic. The bacon and egg cream for dessert is delicious.Came here for restaurant week. To me it's basically the perfect restaurant week place. Unique, interesting, delicious, fun place to try a bunch of stuff. Fantastic service. I just don't see myself coming here all the time. I can't put a finger on why... maybe it's simply a little too far out of the ol wheelhouse. Highly recommend checking it out though. Get some babka!Went last night with a few girlfriends. We all did the tasting menu! I went with the Artichoke Caesar, Cornbeef Pork Belly Reuben, and Farfel. Everything was amazing and portions were very large for the $39 tasting fee. We got most of the desserts between the 5 of us but the Panna Cotta was the star by far!
My only complaint is that it was EXTREMELY hot. Granted it was a very hot evening and I'm very pregnant but everyone else agreed. A little more AC would have been great!Went on Saturday, August 25th at around 8pm. Were seated promptly (had a reservation). Staff very attentive without being overbearing. Went for the duck-themed tasting menu. 
Holy Moses, so Hashem-damn good. If you grew up eating Jewish food, this will hit all the nostalgia-receptors on your tongue. Really creative-but-still-within-the-bounds-normal pairings of classic Jewish ingredients with delicious product, all executed with a high level of skill. The opener of whitefish and chicken liver really tasted like the best possible version of those foods. The Manischewitz-infused dipping sauces were by far the best use of that sugary child wine possible. The duck itself was executed three ways, all straight-dee-loy-scious. 
I give it my highest possible recommendations, which is 6 circumcised-penises up, which, when converted to Yelp stars, is 5 stars.This was a truly remarkable dining experience, I'm not going to be able say enough good things about it.  First, we very much lucked out and we were offered the Chef's Counter Table when we arrived, which is perfect if this is your first time at the restaurant, we saw every dish on the menu go by at some point (already helping me decide what to get next time)! I was very happy that the wait staff was able to provide recommendation for different courses, and helped us decide between three opinions for our second course.
Pre-first course, we were each brought out two different mini-pastry appetizers that were very good, and a shockingly good pastrami pate, I don't even know how you make something like that taste so good.  I really want it as a dip.
First course, we had the potato latkes and the brussel sprout caesar.  I strongly recommend both of these dishes.  The Latkes are served with smoked salmon, which I have never been a big fan of...and I absolutely loved them, the avocado and pickled onions just worked perfectly and the flavors were just so well balanced. The caesar was very good, I loved the pumpernickel croutons, they added a great crunch and the brussel sprouts themselves were roasted perfectly.
For the second course we got the roasted mushrooms and the corned pork belly reuben.  The reuben was just fantastic, I will have a hard time not ordering it every time I go back, the flavors just all melded together to make a perfect "sandwich".  The roasted mushrooms were okay, probably the least amazing item of the night, but still good.  I wish there had been more horseradish flavor, it was I was really excited about.  Surprise third dish! They brought us out a slightly smaller portion of the spinach kugel and I have to say it was quite good, and I would consider getting it again.
Third course was up, we got veal schnitzel tacos and beef cheeks.  The star was definitely the tacos, I thought they we so good, I wish I had more! Don't have to much more to say about them, but it was funny they call it a "health salad" on top.  Beef cheeks was good, they were similar in tenderness to a good short rib, and had good accompanying flavors with the apple, and chips.
While every dessert we saw looked awesome, we got the honey tart and the flourless cake.  I really enjoyed both of them!  The cake was so rich and wonderful, I was very surprised.  The honey tart was just pleasant and a great way to end the meal...and how often do you get bee pollen?
Last up was the cute little sample of a blondie that we got with the check, nice extra bit...I was so full after that!
I also went to specifically say how great the service was, it was really a team atmosphere.  We had our primary waitress, but also many others that helped as well...just an exemplary experience.  I will definitely return.Tasting menu for the win!
My dining partner and I split different dishes from the tasting menu, so we got to sample a good portion of the offerings. The concept of European Jewish fusion intrigued me. My dining partner who is Jewish was quite impressed and informed me that Abe Fisher will forever ruin me because no other Jewish cooking will compare (except for maybe her mother's borscht). My favorite dish ended up being the veal schnitzel tacos, but I loved everything else from the chopped liver to the trout stuffed gefilte fish. I was a little less impressed with the pork belly reuben. 
P.S. They have an interesting selection of sodas worth trying, but I would recommend the whiskey cocktails if you can swing both.I would highly recommend Abe Fisher. Philadelphia has a truly great restaurant scene, but this place is a standout. We did the prix fixe menu, cocktails and a bottle of wine--everything from the food to the service was as good as it gets. No one at the table could say that they had ever had a better dining experience.Tasty creative food, some with an Eastern European flair. Reasonably priced. Four course meals are $39. I enjoyed the chopped liver (which is actually a nice pate). I also had the squash blossom stuffed with puréed bluefish, which was nice. The broccoli kugel was OK. The highlight of my meal was the veal schnitzel tacos - very tasty. Two negatives - service was a bit rushed, no time to savor each course, as the next one was brought out immediately as the last bite of the prior one was consumed. Second problem - no draft beer, only stale bottled beer. How can you enjoy Eastern European fare without draft beer? Atmosphere is a bit loud.I've been to Abe Fisher twice now and it's just awesome. Every small plate I've had has been fantastic, even the ones that sound kinda plain. They are all so balanced and just delicious. We had the short ribs once. AMAZING meat but a huge huge meal. Plan to take some home or you will leave totally stuffed like we did. Also really tasty cocktails. Really love Abe Fisher.It schmerz a bit to give this great place four stars, and I might come back and change it after I think about it, depending on how much of a schmeckel I feel like later.
I went here last week on one of my Philly trips with a couple of friends for an early dinner reservation. I grew up in NYC, so I have a deep appreciation of "Jewish" food (having grown up with that cuisine, too). I don't feel like this restaurant is as deeply connected to New York as it is Montreal, which also has a vibrant deli and bagel culture. Who knew?
Our meal started with little rugelach-not the sweet kind, but, oy va voy, poppy and a kind of ham and cheese that felt like the best bites of anything we'd ever had. We continued with the liver pate (delish), summer squash caesar (delish), the beef tongue and matzoh dish (delish), and the heirloom tomatoes (delish). My friend had the reuben, which I didn't try, but it looked terrific.
With my other friend, who is a mensch, I might add, we split the Hungarian duck. It looked great coming out, but actually, there wasn't a lot of duck there. Before we had any tsuris in the mesprucha, I ceded most of my duck to my friend and ate the kishke. The whole spiel laid over a bed of lentils and various other greens. I was verklemmt, because the rest of the meal was so good... the duck and the greens (which was supposed to be the big macher here) was very, very salty and really not special. Feh.
Dessert was something to write home about, though we were so full we were ready to plotz. I had the fluffernutter, which was an interesting invention, and my friend had the egg cream, in honor of his bubbie. That was quite a dessert--him being a mensch he shared. I remember it was with bacon, chocolate, maple custard (like a Jewish parfait...maybe without the bacon) and the purest maple syrup drizzled on top to give it a smoky, sweet, very complex (but delish) flavor.
Tochlis, I still recommend Abe Fisher, it's an excellent place (for a pretty penny) with service to die for. Just get something else besides the duck. 
Such is life!This place is consistently good. The menu is always changing. Was super disappointed they took the latke off the menu when I was there this week. Hoping they bring it back soon! I am gluten free and there is always something on the menu to accommodate. They do not have a gf specific menu but offer a menu with gluten containing items crossed off which is helpful.Wow!
Hands down, Abe Fisher has the best service I've experienced in Philadelphia.
My husband and I stopped in last weekend, without a reservations, and the staff was super accommodating to get us seated. 
Our waitress was incredibly attentive and extremely helpful when it came to menu selections. We tried the veal schnitzel tacos and we will definitely come back to order them again! The small plates are great for sharing and allow you to sample several of the unique menu offerings.
My husband and I are relatively new to the city, and enjoy spending our time trying out new restaurants. The manager visited with us and shared a list, compiled by the staff, of other recommended restaurants in the city to try out. 
The service, food, and atmosphere exceeded our expectations. Kudos to the entire kitchen and staff for making our dining experience such a pleasant one!Had an amazing meal at Abe Fisher this past Friday evening. My colleague and I had the short rib tasting menu. Every course was delicious, service was attentive and very friendly. Definitely recommend a visit to this restaurant!I was looking forward to sampling some of the happy hour drinks and dishes at the newest Solomonov outpost.  Typically, I avoid restaurant cocktails as they tend to be made cloyingly sweet, but I figured I should try the amusingly named Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition.  This chilled dark beverage was tasty and minimally sweetened.  My friend tried the Cherry Orchard, which was both less flavorful and too sweet.  Then we switched to wines.  The sangiovese was solid, but the white wine my friend got was only okay.
The savory rugelach amuse bouche (served from repurposed cigar boxes) were the tastiest of the foods sampled.  The borscht tartare worked well with the potato chips, roe, and egg.  The salmon gravlax looked promising, but the latke base was lackluster and the salmon good, but not impressive.  The hot-smoked sable cake has one of my favorite fish - sable and, I guess, I should stick to having my sable unencumbered by whatever else was in that cake.
Service was very good, with efficient, polite, and knowledgeable servers.  The decor is upscale but bare - there is nothing on the walls, which seems unusual.  Prices are on the high side, especially for non-happy-hour items.  It would be interesting to return and try a few other items off their menu.Yum! Good food. I'm not familiar with Jewish food and had no idea what to expect. Every course was good and nicer than the last. The Reuben? Unreal. Brussels, reuben, kasha, steak, tacos... Nice. Wine was delicious too and by the glass which are two facts not usually seen together. Staff were helpful and manager was very personnel. My only negative was the restaurant itself is lacking in any real atmosphere. Hence the 3 stars. 
Anyway go. You won't regret it.Checked out Abe Fisher for Restaurant Week in September, since it threw in an extra fourth dish for the typical $35 Restaurant Week menu. The Borscht Tartare and Kasha varnishkes were flavorful.   The Raw and Marinated Bass was refreshing, and the Stuffed Trout Gefilte Fish came with a fantastic salad.  The cocktail menu was intriguing, especially the Bonfire, which was an acquired taste.  Good, but I am not sure if I would visit again. I would like the flavors to be more wholesome.Amazing meal at this Jewish cuisine surprise .  We tried about 7 dishes and everything had a wonderful fresh palate.Great food and cocktails. Bartender was lovely. A little too loud inside to hear across a table, so didn't mind sitting at the bar without a reservation.This place is amazing. Happy hour is amazing with high quality cocktails and phenomenal small bites! Hands down my favorite happy hour. This place is worth trying!When you go in, you will be convinced that you've been here before. Not because the setting looks familiar, not because the food tastes like anywhere else, but because they treat you like you are their favorite customer. Like you've been going there for years, and they're going all out to make you feel special. This is the very pinnacle of great service. 
Bring a few friends. Make a reservation and show up early just to have a few cocktails at the bar. Try something on the cocktail menu. You won't be disappointed. Mixtures of flavors like you dared not dream of.
Everyone should order different items from the menu. Share everything. Nothing on the menu is to be missed. Even items like Brussel Sprouts Caesar, or Salami and Eggs, which may not sound like your thing, are incredible.
And for dessert, the Almond Panna Cotta or the Bacon and Egg Cream - I get dizzy just thinking about it.
This is one of my favorite places in the city, and I can't wait to go back.Hip Jewish food??? Yep.  We sat at the bar as we didn't have reservations.  Service was attentive, I had lovely cocktail, food is small plates, we tried grav lox, latkes, blue fish with crunchy chicken skin bits--gribenes.  Also halibut wrapped in pastry.  Only bummer was we really wanted matzo ball soup, but you had to get the $60 pp shortrib meal for that, no ala carte.  Really, how hard is it to make some extra soup and then sell it for $8 a bowl?Walked in out of the cold rain and was greeted by a hostess who offered me a towel and to hang my coat. Sat at the bar and was greeted by a lovely bartender who helped me select a perfect wine and navigate the menu. Then comes the best part of all... the gifts from the kitchen! Grilled leek and carrot starter and tiny savory filo dough treats. I must have looked in sad repair because the bartender broght me her own gift of the potato latke. Ordered the brussel sprout caesar salad, which was Incredible! 
Love this place! Will definitely come back!Surprised the bf with dinner here for our 2-year anniversary. He's been talking about it since our first date, so figured it was time to finally take the plunge and try it out. Combined with a show at the Franklin Institute, it was an awesome date night in the city.
I made reservations about a month in advance since we knew when we were heading into the city from the 'burbs. The Wednesday before our Saturday reservation, I emailed the restaurant requesting the chef's counter. We're both huge foodies and love to cook, so I knew this would only enhance the experience. I'm really glad I did, it elevated the whole experience for us. Plus, I think every person working in the restaurant knew it was our anniversary from one email. Talk about attention to detail.
Now onto the food:
We were fairly hungry, so decided to go for the Hungarian Duck for 2. This includes a small plate from each category, plus a dessert for each. We added on an additional small plate because when there's foie gras on the menu, I absolutely MUST have it.
When they offer the rugelach, ask to try both. This particular night it was a pine nut pesto, and a pastrami. These were delightful little bites and a great way to whet the appetite.
Next was an amuse-bouche of a housemade BBQ potato chip with a cream cheese concoction which had chives, salmon, and some other stuff, topped with a delightful dill pickle. This was amazing.
From One, we tried the Chopped Liver. Never in my life have I had something so creamy, so delicious, so melty. The toasted rye was warm and the liver melted into it. The onion jam lent just a hint of sweetness to cut through the delicious fattiness of the pate and the buttered bread. The kitchen also delighted us with a small sample of the Charred Asparagus. The hazelnut on top gave great balance to the astringent vegetable, and I loved the egg salad mixed in (another great reason to sit at the chef's counter, you get to try something extra!).
From Two, the gentleman wanted the Beef Carpaccio, and I just had to sample the Foie Gras Torchon. The beef was probably one of the favorite dishes of the night, the bitterballen was a perfect, crunchy pairing to the succulent meat, with the watercress giving a slight bitter bite to balance out the fat. The foie was very unique. I will say the cinnamon raison bagel was a tad overtoasted (and honestly, I think it was just a Thomas' mini bagel, but I can respect that). The peanut butter was creamy with a slight texture, and the jam (I think strawberry) was absolutely delicious. Two slices of foie gras, one for each side of the bagel, and you have a delicious, wonderfully inventive dish. The bf was less excited about this than I was, and I will agree I think the $8 upcharge was a tad much, but I really enjoyed it nonetheless.
From Three, I chose the Veal Schnitzel Tacos based on the Yelp reviews. The veal was perfect cooked, the health salad delightfully tangy and fresh, and the anchovy mayo a perfect creamy accompaniment. The toasted tortilla gave it a little something extra. My only complaint is we both thought the veal was too salty. It diminished the marrying of the flavors because it was so overwhelming.
The Hungarian Duck. Oh my, the duck. This was a VERY generous plate, with duck confit, roasted breast, sausage, rice, the curried sauerkraut, sautéed greens, four dipping sauces, and steamed buns. The presentation was out of bounds, and dear lord the duck was amazing. I wasn't a huge fan of the sausage, but the bf loved it. I don't know what sort of crack they put into the rice, but I could eat that every day, and I don't even like rice! The sauerkraut was a perfect pairing, the tanginess combined with the crispy duck skin, in a bun, with some hoison drizzled in...my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I was really glad we went for it.
Dessert:  I got the Bacon and Egg Cream, he got the Sour Cream Panna Cotta. The egg cream was delicious and I loved the chocolate foam, it wasn't too sweet. But man oh man the panna cotta was the dessert superstar. The early grey complimented the sour cream so wonderfully. I will say, they could have lessened the amount of honey (or even skipped it entirely, honestly), just the panna cotta with the fresh fruit on top was to die for.
On a side note, another table ordered the Montreal Short Ribs. They looked amazing, and we're recruiting another couple to go back with us so we can partake.
Some people have complained they come away hungry, but even if you go with their Prix Fixe menu of three plates and dessert, I don't really see how. We were definitely overfull with the duck but it was worth it.
Now, onto the service. One reason we like Zahav so much (other than the amazing food) is the superior service. I'm happy to report the service at Abe Fisher was consistent with Zahav level. Fresh plates and utensils between every course, wiped down the counter, and our water glasses were never empty. 
Overall, this is a MUST DO. Just go.So I have to apologize because I'm awful with names but my favorite part about this place is the hostess, Chrissy (I think?!) who is typically working and always greets me with a smile. She is extremely friendly and strives to accommodate every customer.  Working in the service industry for years I've learned to truly appreciate great customer service and I hope Abe's realizes what a gem they have in her! Their happy hour is awesome and such a steal ! Great drinks super cheap and their $5 toast points are always delicious and creative. My other favorite part of this place is the beet relish that comes pre-food on a chip. It may be one of my favorite foods and if I could- I would order a plate full of that. 
Their little brother next door Dizengoff has one of the best hummuses I've ever tasted. Not too salty; not too creamy; just right. I never tasted it before and stopped in and ironically, the girl who was working the counter at Dizengoff, I want to say Sarah, but I could be wrong, is best friends with the Host at Abe and also offered incredible service. Service can make or break an experience despite good food and drinks. These two places offer all 3 wrapped up in a pretty little rugelach! HaI made a reservation at Abe Fisher to celebrate a very special birthday. It was such a nice treat, our waitress (Alex) was engaging, attentive and informative throughout our dinner. 
We decided to order the Montreal Style Smoked Short Ribs which was impressive - presentation and flavor were wonderful. This menu option comes with a selection of Abe Fisher dishes, pickles, mustards,
breads and spreads and dessert. They're light on the breads but we weren't shy about asking for more and they were happy to do so. This was my first time tasting chicken liver mousse and it was delicious. I will say, I didn't have much of the smoked bluefish salad because it's not my taste but my boyfriend said it was very tasty. The potato latke wasn't in the style I'm used to getting them but they were very good. 
Since we decided on this menu item, we weren't able to get anything else because of the way the menu is set up. 
I believe we both would have preferred to get the short ribs along with something from the prix-fixe menu but that wasn't an option they were able to accommodate. 
We ended the evening with the bacon and egg cream and the apple pie, both good but our favorite was the egg cream. GET.THE.EGG.CREAMEvery meal in Philly has been absolutely amazing, and despite this increasing culinary expectation, Abe Fisher has cemented itself as our favorite dinner spot, at least of August 2017.
Must try: chef tasting with the award winning short rib $60pp and Doctor's drink.
My wife and I reserved a table for two for our anniversary dinner and to our surprise, the staff were incredibly flexible and placed two separate tables just so we could sit next to each other during dinner. Our waiter, Cameron, was incredible: he was polite, charming and very helpful in guiding us through our culinary journey. Having read so much of the famous short ribs, my wife and I decided to pay $60pp instead of the $39pp prix-fixe menu: I'll put it out there that the extra $21 is totally worth it just to try the ginormous final dish. Of note, you may note some of the Yelp pictures show a giant portion of the short ribs, yes that is the actual size of the dish (with the bread, salad, and mustard) and it is served with 4 other plates from the Abe Fisher's main menu.
Our starter dishes included the chicken liver mousse, smoked fish salad, tomato salad (with orgasmic pumpernickel croutons), sweet potato. We were also served thick cuts of oven-fresh rye bread that was so delicious that I violated the fancy-dinner code of conduct and asked for second servings. I was not too fond of the toasted bread slices or the super salty potato chips. Of the non-rib dishes, my favorite was definitely the smoked fish salad as it really accentuated the flavors of the fresh rye bread. The sweet potatoes were alright, but I liked how it contained a smokey flavor and texture that almost fooled me into thinking that I was biting into red meat instead.
For the finale, the short ribs were absolutely amazing! It is first presented to you, Fred Flintstone style, with bones attached, and then served to you in perfectly sliced portions, with each piece containing different amount of fat for textural comparison. Each piece tasted like heaven and I loved all the different kind of mustard I was able to smear all over the ribs. Ps: we were so full, but I actually loved the complimentary radish salad, as the dressing had an amazing radish accent. The ribs reminded me of pastrami, both in texture and appearance, which is well, awesome! Oh yeah, for desserts: we were served the famous bacon and egg cream (with chocolate foam and olive oil shortcakes. Both were amazing and just reminded me how much exercise I needed to do in the next few days.
Finally, I cannot forget to mention the mixed drink: doctor's cocktail/drink (whatever). It was absolutely sublime, full of spices and reminded me that there is an art to mixology. This is definitely a drink worth paying $12 for.
In conclusion, this place had impeccable service, reasonable prices for an amazing meal and enough food for leftovers for days. If I had to return, I'd like to try the potato latke, stuffed squash blossom and shabbos chicken)
Food: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars (very frequent water and utensil switches)
Price: 4-5 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsExcellent food! Little noisy, but outstanding service and yummy! Sure to come back if I visit Philadelphia again!The dinner isn't even over yet and I am reviewing this place. So good! My husband and I opted for the prix fixe $39 meal which includes three courses and a desert. We had the artichoke salad, mackerel, beef tongue, ruebens, salmon w dill, and veal tacos. Holy cow this restaurant is awesome. Every. Single. Dish. Each was unique, explosive with flavor and was an experience for my mouth. Aghhh I just ate the bacon egg chocolate Oreo custard desert and it was so good!!!!!!!!! This might be my new favorite place!!!!Best cocktails, broccoli and cheddar kugel, and veal schnitzel tacos, and great staff and bartenders!Being in the industry for almost 3/4 of my life, I'm super critical, so on that note,  Abe fisher, my hats off to you and my belt. First off, if I ever am in the restaurant business again, I'm stealing the staff. Not only was everyone knowledgeable about the food, but they genuinely admired the food. They enhanced the great meal my being awesome. That's a sign of quality. It means the staff has tried the food and has an appreciation for the food. I've been to so many restaurants where the server has no idea what they're serving you. Also most restaurants hate the fact that you come 15 min before closing and when I called to make the reservations, 9:45 was the only reservation left but the hostess was so kind to say that if an earlier opening was available she would call. And that she did. I was a little apprehensive but I went with it anyway. At 9pm the hostess actually called and told me there was an opening but I couldn't make it anyway. From the moment I walked in through the doors I was welcomed and felt welcomed. I won't mention any names of the staff because everyone was equally amazing. But you know who you are! So if you're the owner and are reading this, you need to buy your staff a round of drinks. If you like rye, they had this great drink called yesterday, today, and amaro! On to the food, so many options so we went with the tasting menu. Everything is brought out to be shared which is great. We pretty much ordered everything off the menu. Borscht tartare, salmon gravlax, chopped liver, tuna crudo, corned belly Reuben, duck blintzes, and this rib eye with bone marrow. That spring onion cream cheese needs to be brought to nyc to pair with a real nyc bagel. That would be a union of brotherly love. I'd forgive the eagle and Phillies fan just for that. That chopped liver is made into a light and  airy mousse that is served on their own home made bread. Perfection. As a sweet and savory guy, a drizzle of a cherry port wine reduction would've been just the cherry on top! But who am I to mess with perfection. Borscht is borscht. Tuna crudo was ok. It's tuna.  Corned belly Reuben, gets a honorable mention but comeon, I got katz and nothing beats them. Now the duck blintzes, had me at foie gras and duck confit. As soon as it was brought to the table, I knew it was going to be good. that aroma of foie gras wafted up and I was salivating. Unfortunately the blintzes were a little burnt and kind of put me off, but I knew what the chef was going for and he succeeded. the Fava beans with the foie gras and sour cherries were the perfect additions. This dish was created in perfect harmony. I told the server that the blintzes were slightly burnt and she immediately offered to exchange but it wasn't necessary. Again a sign of great service. The manager came over and apologized and made things right. I wasn't expecting anything and they didn't have to do anything to appease us but they did anyway and for that I am grateful. I just wanted the chef to keep an eye out for the future. If the chef is is reading this, may I suggest instead of a blintzes maybe a puff pastry next time? (However I know it wouldn't stay true to the theme, but I'm saying)I won't say what the manager did because I know some people will try to enjoy this amazing dish and use some kind of excuse to try and get a freebie. I've been in the industry for too long and have seen every trick. Enjoy the food you and stop trying to get freebies you crappy bastards out there. You know who you are. Next was the rib eye with bone marrow. I. Just so mad that there wasn't more. Ok, so to fully appreciate this, slowly chew each piece. The depth of the flavor comes out with every chew. Seriously take your time. And that bone marrow oil, man just drizzle that on anything and it's a winner. Chef, you started off chinese new years fireworks and threw in july 4th macys fireworks in there just because you could. My taste buds now thank you and hate you. I loved the baby carrots but didn't care for something else in there that was a little sour tasting. I couldn't figure it out. But goddamn! that ribeye! Then the server goes ready for dessert That's where the belt comes off to you chef, sour cream Panna cotta, almond cake, peanut butter fluffernutter, Egg cream with chocolate and BACON with SMOKED BACON OIL! Mind muthafuc*ing blown! My date was so tired from working 20 hrs straight and not sleeping the night before but when she ate the glass of egg cream chocolate bacon deliciousness she woke the fu*k up! That peanut butter cruller was heavenly! I suggest a nice jam or preserve to put it over the top. That's just my opinion. Almond cake was ok. (Sorry, reminded me of fruitcake and I'm not a fan.)  But that sour cream Panna cotta is just...just... aww fu*k it just go to Abe fisher already. I wish they did brunch. And lunch. If they did lunch I'd be there tomorrow with fork in hand. Great job you guys!Good restaurant, but I'm just not I love. Zahav is still on top. 
The service was good. Friendly wait staff. Dishes cleared and new plates/utensils given.
Complimentary savory rugelash was wonderful.
The meatballs were my favorite. Little flavorful meatballs!
The liver surprised me. It was very mild and creamy. Amazing homemade rye bread.
The shrimp fried rice was a disappointment and different from preparations I saw on the pictures. It was like a fried rice patty. Not interesting.
The steak and lamb dishes were executed well. Meat cooked perfectly, though the dishes were a tad salty.
Veal tacos were awesome!!! Get these! 
Black and white lemon poppy cheesecake was tasty, but overly sweet.
There were some good and some bad things. Not wild about the decor either.
This place is good, I'm just not dying to go back for a while.Abe Fisher is all your memories of dinners at your Jewish Mama's house made gourmet, with excellent service, & a bar !  We celebrated my birthday here during restaurant week, and sat at the Chef's Table . It was so cool getting to see the chef's delicately prepare each dish, and I must say , not only was the presentation gorgeous, but each dish was delish  (& explained by the knowledgeable staff and manager) .
A special shout out to the Brussels sprouts Caesar, with grapes, pine nuts, pickled onions, & crispy squash; the Veal Schnitzel Tacos made us "Verklept" with their combination of taste and texture ; and the Apple Strudel for was the perfect dessert finale with a crispy exterior and hot baked apple interior. I am in heaven, Jewish soul food heaven .I got to check out Abe Fisher for happy hour last week and it exceeded my (high) expectations. Note: happy hour really is only one hour here (5-6pm). 
Certain dishes/cocktails/wines are $7 each during HH. We shared borscht tartare: so good, make sure you use the chips to scoop it up and enjoy the salty-borschty goodness. Chopped liver: the name does not do this justice. It's really a creamy liver mousse that's even tastier when you use the onion chunks to scoop it up (vs the bread) as suggested by the bartender.  We also had the raw & marinated bass and the roasted carrots. Every bite of everything I ate was to die for.  
To drink, I stuck with the Cherry Orchard (like 4 in a row) which I found to be delicious.  I sampled but really didn't like the Abe Fisher Cocktail (if you like gin and pickles you'd probably dig this) or the Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition (to me it tasted like molasses but maybe that's just me).  I'm sure these cocktails were perfectly made but my cocktail palette isn't sophisticated enough yet. 
Happy hour at Abe Fisher was a great intro to some of their dishes and I can't wait to return for dinner!We were wowed on our anniversary. Service was good and the food spectacular because they transformed simple dishes to a new, elevated level. We ordered the famous 10-day smoked Montreal Short Rib platter for 2, which was both decadent  and fun to eat. The meat had a distinct smoky flavor and came with accompaniments to create the ultimate sandwich (bread, sweet pickles, lettuce, a variety of 4 varying mustards, red cabbage). I enjoy meals where I can be interactive / use my hands/ creative- so this was a blast.
There were also some additionals we were able to select with the meal- small plate appetizers, and we got soup and dessert. 
Other highlights: the beet tartare with salmon roe on a ranch chip, the bacon egg cream dessert, and the drink cocktails were so outstanding - I had the Thunderberg and the Rust in the Wind.  
I will definitely return!Absolutely amazing. Only thing better than the food was the expeditious and courteous service. AND I'm black. Some people don't have to worry about that but I do. And they treated me extremely well.This is definitely a special place. As the waitress admitted, they are still experimenting with the dishes. Highlights were the veal shnizel, ravioli and beet cocktail. The latkas that were served with one of the appetizers were way oversalted, and I made mention of that to the waitress. Also the "shrimp fried rice" was actually a small omelet with ham, which made no sense to us as per the menu name, it also was an odd option for dinner. Overall, a good experience though.This is one of the best dining values in Philly, IMO. The prix fixe is awesome! 4 courses for a very reasonable price and all of the dishes were had were excellent. Portions vary in size, but we left very full. 
The only thing that wasn't great were the non-alcoholic cocktails. They weren't bad at all. I was just expecting a bit more caraway and a bit more dill pickle taste given their names. Alcoholic cocktails were amazing. 
Service was perfect: attentive but not over-bearing. 
I'm really looking forward to our next meal here."The food was terrible, and such small portions!" I was reminded of this old joke at Abe Fisher. The joke, though, doesn't say anything about exorbitant expense. So let me say this about Abe Fisher, which offers "cuisine of the Jewish diaspora": It's pre-diaspora portions, at post-diaspora prices. Finally, remember the kreplach joke? Well, if you order the kreplach here, you still might not find the joke funny, but at least you'll understand why those dumplings terrified the little boy.The acoustics are awful in this place. I lost my voice by the end of the night from having to yell my way through dinner with the friends I was with. Went during restaurant week. While they seem well staffed, I have to admit that some of the servers are not the most seasoned or friendly. My friend ordered a cocktail that was a bit too strong for her taste. She asked one of the servers if the bartender could send over some extra gingerale. The response "they would have to open a new can of soda and we would have to charge you for it." What?! Food was good, but extremely salty. I must have downed a gallon of water when I got home that night. One and done. Don't plan to return.Given our experience, I wish I had reviewed Abe Fisher immediately after we dined on Valentine's Day. Simply put, it was fantastic from start to finish, from every aspect. 
We made a last minute decision to visit family in Philly that weekend, so I couldn't do the usual home-cooked gourmet meal that's our tradition. But with my husband's birthday 3 days later, and my endless list of must-try restaurants in Philly, I decided what the hell and managed to snag a 6pm reservation at Abe Fisher. I figured an early reservation was likely a blessing in disguise on that "holiday," and in one way I was right: when we arrived and were greeted by the lovely hostess, she offered us the option to dine at the chef's counter. Me + getting to watch the kitchen = instant happiness, and I jumped, mentioning how much I had enjoyed the experience at Zahav. (I only wish that the column in between the two chairs didn't exist, but my guess is that it's load-bearing)
Our server was fantastic, he went through the entire menu with us (thank god for no stupid Vday special menu), answered our few questions, and we opted for the recommended prix fixe option since we were short 2 people for the short ribs *sigh*. Cocktails to start were Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition for me (the name - I had to), and their namesake cocktail for him. Delicious, I had to pace myself while waiting for the first course. Another server came by with a cigar box filled with savory rugelach, perfect bite sizes. We were offered a bite of the salmon gravlax, which we hadn't ordered and YOU MUST TRY. We told the chef afterwards that it was likely our favorite bite with the flavors, textures, colors, and temperature contrast - just perfect. 
Not that it was easy to choose a favorite dish. The borscht tartare also had fun mouth feel with the trout roe, egg, and housemade sour cream and onion potato chips. The brussel sprouts caesar salad was a delight, and the only caesar I will ever eat again with the roasted flavors complemented by the pine nuts and contrasted with the grapes. Obviously with my Jewish husband we then had the kasha varnishkes, which upon first bite were declared the best he's ever had (apologies to my mother-in-law, but she loves this place too). And the pastrami hash knish? Spectacular to behold, a joy to cut into, and I regretted giving him the larger half as I danced in my seat with each bite. 
We then spoke with the sommelier and were also offered a taste of a new cocktail they only now started offering, which is so drinkable that I could have a very, VERY good night and a very, VERY bad morning if I wasn't careful (SOOO GOOOOD). He then had a beer and I tried a glass of the Roditis upon our server's recommendation. When in doubt, ask for a suggestion - his was spot-on, and again when we needed help choosing entrees. I insisted on the gefilte fish (surprising my husband because I dislike the now traditional one) and it was SUPERB, I lamented being unable to lick the plate clean of the carrot puree. Our suggested sweet-sour meatballs were delicious, juicy, tender, and perfect for the cold weather. Although we kept seeing the tacos being made...I was sorely tempted, but we had dessert next. 
No question - bacon and egg cream. I let my husband choose the second since he's picky about his desserts, so the almond panna cotta also came along with two different amaros after asking our server a) what it was and b) which he'd recommend to beginners. Very different (one served warmed, the other cool), and amazingly paired exceptionally well with the two desserts. No words for how delicious that egg cream was, do not skip it! The panna cotta was delicious too, but boy that egg cream...and not just because of the bacon flavor added right upon being served. 
Truly a fantastic dining experience, from staff to food and drink, they have very quickly but truly earned all of the praise they have received (and continue to). I can't wait to come back asap for the gorgeous looking/smelling smoked short ribs! The Solo team continues to create another gastronomic masterpiece for Philadelphia.I've lived in Philly for over 2 years, and the one place that I've consistently heard I need to try is Abe Fisher. Came for restaurant week with 2 others, we all split every course 3 ways.
Tried the mackerel / chicken liver mousse / borscht tartare to start, corned beef tongue / cobia crudo / bluefish croquettes, salmon / veal tacos / skirt steak for the main, and bacon & egg cream / cheesecake / almond cake for dessert.
The mousse / beef tongue / veal tacos / bacon & egg cream were the stars, if you have to chose, do these!
Every course was well balanced, the service was phenomenal, and the environment inviting. It was the perfect combination of factors that made for a seamless dinner. I highly recommend this restaurant, I will definitely be back.Our waiter Edward, was one of the better polished professionals at his craft - the noshes are to die for !
We came for an item they removed from
The menu, he was very aware and brought us a complementary version of what replaced it - a yummy borscht plate - the little surprises from the kitchen were such a nice touch !!  Large plates were the soon to be infamous Hanger steak - it was fabulous and was the chicken paprika was also great for the small plates the porkbelly rueben was a hit but the gratis sweet potatoes with jalapeños were some of the best I ever had, sorry mom !!
Just go and eat here you will love it trust a fat guy it's delicious!(To the tune of "ABC" by The Jackson 5)
You say you dig the FedNuts
And that Zahav's always been your jam
Well let me tell you bout some Jewish diaspora 
Abe Fisher's my new favorite man
Now, now, now
Don't be scared by terms like
Stuffed Gefilte Fish
I've yet to try anything
Here that hasn't been 
flavorful, well-portioned hell of a dish!
Fisher, Abe.
You know that he makes the grade.
Each dish, there's love when it's made
Fisher, Abe, 1-2-3
Mike Solo's a babe.
Sorry, got a little distracted at the end there, but truly: Abe Fisher is one of my favorite new restos in Philly. My first visit was during restaurant week, and I've gone since then, enjoying happy hour or dinner with the gals. The menu's divided up into three parts ($10, $12, and $14 plates) that you can pick and choose from, or try the Prix Fixe which adds a dessert for $39 for all 4 courses.
That said, my favorite dishes so far have been: The Kasha Varnishkes (CAN'T MISS, featuring english peas and poppy butter, they are DIVINE), brussels sprouts caesar, and the hot smoked sable cake (another favorite, of me and all my dining partners I've brought!)
My only question is why the veal schnitzel tacos even needed to be tacos... the tortillas seemed a little disposable.
They've got a diverse selection of wines, which I've chosen every time I visited (over my standard beer order) and the bartender knows his stuff. Five stars, easily.We went during restaurant week and sat by a small private space in front of their open kitchen. We each had a full-course meal. The food is excellent and we got to watch how they cook everything too.MUST TRIES! 
The salmon gravlax /potato latke, spring onion cream cheese, radish
Corned pork belly Reuben, dill pickles/ bites size of Reuben
The Tacos/pork belly, radish*, adobo spiced lemon
Another Michael Solomonov hit! food was great and the service was even better!This might be our new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Went last night service was great. We did the short rib tasting menu four spreads , The cavatelli, and the sweet potato. Everything was amazing. Then the short rib came out. There's really no point in eating at this place if you don't get the short bed it's that amazing. The size for the short ribs were forgettable. The desserts were baking chocolate cream something and some Type of cake. The cake was amazing. The bacon thing was weird. Will definitely be going back.Splurged on the Montreal Short Ribs for a birthday celebration: totally worth it! The rye was soft and hearty, the four types of mustard each had their own zing to them, and the pickled cucumbers and radishes and the red-cabbage slaw were fantastic with the super-tender short ribs! Very much enjoyed every one of the chef's choice sides: the Sweet Potato
Boursin (pickled long hots really gave the dish a punch!), Charred Asparagus (the egg salad was perfectly seasoned!), Potato Latke (who doesn't love latkes?), and Beef Carpaccio (watercress is an underused awesome green!).
PS. Abe Fisher's Bacon and Egg Cream remains one of my favorite desserts in the city. Helpful hint: never share. Always get your own!Our waitress announced that the menu was "Israeli food that Israelites eat outside of Israel."  Huh?  Well, that means just about everything but pork and shellfish, right?  Yes, there was chicken liver pate and latkes and kugel on the menu, but I was really hoping for a true Jewish meal.  Not to be found at Abe FIsher's.  The food was quite nice, but for the price, I know there are many, many other restaurants in Philadelphia that I prefer.Oh my. This is it. I am in love!
I am a huge Cook n Solo fan girl, so I had been awaiting Abe Fisher's opening. It's a relatively small space, and was not quite packed on a Thursday at 7pm. 
The decor is perfect, and has a comfortable yet special feel to it. We did the tasting. I had the borscht tartare, kasha varnishkes, roasted salmon, and the black & white lemon poppy cheesecake. Writing this review is making me crave my whole meal there. The borscht tartare was the star of the show, but everything I had was fun, interesting, and downright delicious. My meal was accompanied by a cucumber-dill lemonade. 
I cannot wait to go back! Abe Fisher is a must-visit, especially for fans of Zahav. They've updated the menu, some of the items I had are no longer on it, but their replacements sound just as remarkable.Completely awesome meal here. Amazing cocktails, delicate, creative dishes--who knew Jewish food could be so spectacular? Not us. But we'd love to go again. The service was superb, the place was packed, and we enjoyed everything we tried. Brussels sprouts, fish, everything was superb.Amazing food, we had dinner here on New Years Eve, waitress was attentive. We had Duck and four other courses, each one of them was delicious. Bacon cream is to die for.When I read the description "cuisine of the Jewish diaspora", I really had no idea what I was getting myself into. I'll admit, I was very skeptical when I made my reservation for Abe Fisher during restaurant week, but I tried to keep an open mind because I'd read such great reviews from my fellow yelpers! When I arrived for dinner with a friend, the hostess greeted us and sat us down at our table immediately. The decor inside was dark and classy, with a full bar on the left. For dinner, we ordered the Borsht Tartare and Brussel Sprout. My friend and I are both obsessed with beets, so the borsht was right up our alley! The sweet, chopped beets went so well with the sour cream and onion chips - I would have never expected that combination! The brussel sprouts were also nice and crispy and well dressed. For dessert we got the almond cake and panna cotta, which were both delicious. Neither of us were feeling adventurous enough to try the bacon and egg cream, but next time I'm doing it! I also really appreciated that the manager came up to our table to make sure everything was to our liking. I must say, Abe Fisher surprised me in the best way possible and I hope to make a return trip soon!Great food, excellent service. We got the prix fixe menu - Would highly recommend the roasted sweet potato and pickled mackerel dishes. Steak with manischewitz sauce is also excellent. Go with the panna cotta for dessert.My hubby and I really enjoyed Abe Fisher this past Saturday night during our Philly weekend.  What's unique about this place is each of you choose three courses and they are intended for sharing.  What did we have?  Course 1 -- chicken liver mousse and smoked bluefish salad -- both were outstanding but interestingly enough, the bread served with the mousse was really a highlight!  Course 2 -- beef tartare (not bad but I like my own better) and smoked salmon carpaccio (amazing!). Course 3 -- veal taco (outstanding) and skirt steak (also delicious).  Dessert is not included but hubby had heard so much about the bacon-and-egg cream that he had to try it -- very, very sweet and he enjoyed but said he wouldn't order it again.
I had ordered a vodka martini and it tasted different from what I usually taste (in a GOOD way) and I asked the waiter (can't remember his name but he was terrific) and he told me they use Dolin vermouth.  I went right home and ordered some -- lovely, flowerly taste!!
It's not cheap and when full, it's pretty noisy but I have to say, I'm a big fan!!Great spot, European  food, yay! 
Just for the record they don't  have Kahlua and Bailey's.Perfect little Jew(ish) spot - to be fair they serve (a very delicious) pork belly! The tasting menu is the best way to really experience this place. To sum up, the food was tasty and the drinks were strong. My singular favorite item on the menu was the chicken liver. The beets were wonderful and so was the gefilte fish. All in all, these refined traditional delicacies, made for a nice little rainy night dinner.I was in town for a quick trip, and stopped in for dinner and drinks. Try the tacos or the Reuben, you won't be disappointed. Eric was fantastic behind the bar, I can't see coming back to Philly without coming here again.I tried it again.  I gave it another shot after the odd seating issues.  Almost a month later... and yeah, still not blown away.  In fact, the best thing about the whole experience was Heather, the bartender.  She was lovely and totally on top of her game.  Same thing goes for Jordan, both of them were polite and attentive, along with accommodating.  The food... I love that they tried to be super helpful and accented with amuse bouche surprises, but I had the roasted carrots for a starter and then moved onto the sweet & sour meatballs.  Maybe I'm missing something, but I didn't find them memorable or the flavors to be dynamic.  They were good, but just nothing over the top.  Zahav still is their superior brand, as others have mentioned.
Soooo.. and then we come back to the reason where this became a 2 rather than 3 star review... the fact that IN THE MIDDLE OF EATING... the host asked me to move down a stool at the bar so 2 dudes could sit together.  Between mouthfuls, I tried to explain that I was almost finished and was heading out.  Response, "Sorry, they really want to sit now".  Granted, it was 10 to 9 and I was flying out the door shortly to watch Scandal... having to pick up mid-meal to slide over... and move my bags and the whole set-up... more than annoying.  Sorry, Abe Fisher... I think this is our last call.Abe Fisher is definitely special!  But not for the reason I thought it would be.  This is basically a compilation of several visits to Abe Fisher.
I initially visited to try the Montreal Beef Rib as I had heard so much about this experience I had to try.  The amount of food that comes with the meal is alot, you get some housemade rye bread, pickles and mustards along with the small plates you get to choose from as well. The beef rib itself to me, was a bit charred beyond what I would normally expect.  The charred side was basically too charred to really eat so I had to discard it.   It was also really salty.  I downed extra glasses of water to combat the saltiness.  The pieces that was not charred was great though but there wasn't enough of it once I discard the inedible pieces.  If I order again, I'd ask if I could ask for a less charred piece of rib. 
Beyond the Beef Rib, the Bacon Maple Egg Cream that completes the Beef Rib meal is absurd.  This dessert alone is definitely a reason to visit.  It may seem like it's too much, but they have figured the magic combination whereby each flavor profile comes through and it's just enough to make it all work.  Diet be damed this dessert has made my top ten list of things I'd ask for as I take my last breath.  
The Hungarian Duck honestly, even though it was not as hyped as a the Montreal Beef Rib in my option was the better entree.   Basically three dishes rolled into one, it was a peking duck breast and leg with slices of duck sausage over a bed of veggies/seasoned rice.  Pretzel steamed buns and some sauces also accompany the meal including a hoisin sauce.  I enjoyed all three duck components even though it was a bit salty.  Minus a few sprinkles of salt, it would be perfect.
The Chicken Liver Mousse with the Pastrami Onion Jam is a must order.  I mean, pastrami in the onion jam?  C'mon, that's genius.  I lick the plate every time.  As you'd expect the Potato Latkes are great here as well.  
Street parking is really painful.  If you see a spot within two or three blocks of Abe, just take it, don't risk it.  Otherwise you'll have to garage it and pay more.
The service is super attentive and accommodating. From the moment I called to see if they had room for me, I felt like all my needs where met and everyone was just super professional.  The service is definitely a reason to visit Abe Fisher again.I came here with a group for restaurant week and was very pleased with the quality of service and cuisine. One member of our party showed up about 30 minutes late for our reservation, but the staff were all very nice and accommodating. We were each offered 2 rugelach and an amuse bouche.  The waitress was also conscientious about dietary restrictions and had various vegetarian option to provide for a member of our party who is vegetarian. I appreciated that Abe Fisher offered their normal menu, just at a discounted price, for restaurant week. The restaurant serves each course as a sharing plate, so we were able to sample many different dishes. Overall, the cuisine was unique and tasty, although I would say that there were a couple of dishes which were slightly bland. The third course salmon dish was my favorite of the night. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a nice dinner out for some unique Jewish-inspired cuisine.Excellent ambiance and quality food for a date or dinner where you want to focus on good company + good food. I would call it small plate/shareable portions. The main meat dishes i.e short ribs, Duck, and chicken being large portions. We ended up doing the shabbas chicken, veal tacos, mackerel dip, pickled fluke, and latkes. The portions of the fish were small but quality was exceptional with good flavoring. Not too fishy. The latkes were the perfect app portion for people who are moderately to very hungry. Tacos are two per order and delicious but nothing you can't get at a good Tex-mex place at probably a better price. The stand out was by far the shabbas chicken with roasted veggies, kugel, and pickled veggies all in an au jus. Perfectly cooked with crispy skin and juicy meat. Excellently cooked sides. Awesome price at ~$35. Comfortably filled two people plus apps. Going back I would experiment with the two other meat options and fewer apps. Overall really excellent.After eating at Abe Fisher, I intend to move to Philly.  More specifically, next door to this one of a kind restaurant.  And yes, we had the (please read this in an awed manner) Montreal short ribs.  I'm an elderly foodie and I've never tasted anything like this and the other treasures that we were privileged to enjoy.Innovative and delicious. 
Great service and the chef visited each table. That's always nice. They also brought little things from the kitchen outside my order. They were great. 
I had borscht tartare with caviar and potato chips. I was interesting. Very tasty. 
Hunger stake: medium rare. Tender and flavorful. 
Grilled sweet potatoes I got from the kitchen was sweet, cooked just right (I don't like it when it's too mushy).I was looking forward to dinner at Abe Fisher but wasn't sure exactly what to expect. I was completely blown away. Every bite was amazing from the whitefish amuse bouche to dessert. We'll be back soon.I was so excited to visit here after all the rave reviews and after loving Zahav (Abe Fisher's sister restaurant). I was not disappointed. The food - especially the small plates and bonus amuse bouches - was delicious, and the service was polite, fast, and unobtrusive. 
I started with the chicken liver mousse. Let me tell you, it was to die for. Light and airy with a creamy texture, and paired perfectly with a carmelized onion jam and pickled red onion, served with two thick slices of toasted bread. Heaven. My partner tried the corned beef reuben, which was also fantastic, though not quite as elegant. 
We were surprised with two treats: first, a small challah crouton topped with avocado cream cheese and sprinkled with garlic, sesame and onion. Next, a savory squash rugelach, possibly my favorite bite of the evening. 
For an entree I tried the special, which was a cabbage-wrapped sea bass with barley and mushrooms, and my date tried the paprika chicken. Both were good, but not on par with the small plates - my fish was distinctly heavy on the salt. 
The dessert is an absolute must. I had the famous bacon and egg cream, which lived up to its reputation in every way. It's not only tasty, it's FUN. The chocolate foam is light, the bacon, oreo and coffee crumble adds texture, and the custard at the bottom tempers all that sweetness.  My partner had the chocolate babke with candied orange peels, and that was his favorite of the night - it was rich, not too sweet, and just perfect with the orange. 
To top it all off, the check came with two small squares of wonderful, dried cherry fudge. 
Cannot recommend highly enough!We ate here over Labor Day weekend for the restaurant's soft opening.  The place is unbelievable.  From the decor to the service to the food (the food!) to the drinks, the team of CookNSolo has killed it once again.  Go, eat everything, you won't be disappointed - the food is delicious and inventive, unlike anything this city (or any city) has ever seen.  Book now, I predict this place will be mobbed every night from now until forever.Abe Fisher knocked it out of the park tonight with their impeccable table service (so friendly and prompt and fun!) and amazing food. What a fantastic way start to begin one's week!
Everything we ate was fantastic, and we tried most everything, thanks to Restaurant Week.
The two complimentary offerings were delightful: two types of savory rugelach (the one with poppy seeds had the edge, but both were delicious) and a hand-sliced potato chip with borscht, crema, and smoked trout roe (who knew borscht could taste so good?!).
First course favorites: the salmon gravlax (potato latke, spring onion cream cheese, radish*) and the chopped liver (toasted rye, pastrami-onion jam)--the liver was apparently prepared properly, which made it bearable for those of us who don't usually care for liver, and the toasted rye was just lovely!
Second course favorites: corned pork belly reuben (dill pickles*)--perfect bites of reuben--, broccoli kugel (cheddar, roasted broccoli, pie crumbs)--we did think the pie crumbs were cheese, and were mildly disappointed they were not, but they were darn good pie crumbs!
Third course favorites: the Tacos (pork belly, radish*, adobo spiced lemon) won the third course and possibly the savory portion of dinner--so, darn, good; the skirt steak (carrots, manischewitz steak sauce, marrow butter) was a closer runner up.
Dessert favorites: Hands down winner of the entire night: the Bacon and Egg Cream (maple custard, chocolate foam). What a perfect dessert! The foamy chocolate isn't too overpoweringly chocolatey, if you know what I mean, the maple custard and drizzled maple syrup is just smooth and creamy and divine, and the bacon chocolate crunchies added texture and the rarest hint of bacon, which was perfect--I wouldn't want my dessert to taste solely of bacon! The rest of the desserts were also highly appreciated: fluffernutter crullers (poached blackberries, peanut butter, cream cheese fluff), blueberry coffee crumble (strawberries, peaches)--not too sweet, which was refreshing!, and sour cream panna cotta (poached cherries, lemon curd, meringue)--the lemon curd made this dessert (I find panna cotta on its own rather blah).
Will definitely return for Abe Fisher's usual pre-fixe meal, and (if I got out of work in time) its happy hour specials: $7 for all cocktails and their first course dishes, $5 for a trio of open-faced sandwiches (1 vegetarian, 1 meat, 1 fish).
*I ask you, why do I not have the pickling recipe Abe Fisher, Zahav, and Dizengoff use for their veggies?! I would eat ANY vegetable pickled like this!Went here with 5 family members for a celebration, expecting an amazing meal based on these reviews.   We all left hungry and underwhelmed.  
To start, I will say that the service and decor are top notch.  This brought my review up from 1 stars to 2 stars. 
We all ordered the pre-fixe short ribs at $60/person, hoping to get the full experience.  The first few courses were tasty but laughably small.  Each person essentially got one bite of each plate.  Usually at tasting meals, there is a nice pace to the plates and they throw in a few extras here and there.  Not at Abe's.  There was a tiny piece of pastry, a tiny salad, a dip, and then the soup. I will say, the matzoh ball soup was above average.  
On to the main event -- unfortunately, the short ribs were barely edible.  I like salt and these were too salty. I'm not even sure how they infuse the meat with so much salt. We were all searching for pieces without the ridiculously salty rub.  Regardless, the tiny portion (not nearly enough for 5 people) disappeared only because we were so hungry and there was so little to go around.  
I wouldn't recommend this place if the ribs were half the price.  It just adds insult to injury that they charge 60 bucks.  
I will not be back.Food and service was great!  The chicken schmaltz rugelach was amazing and worth the traffic and parking headache getting there.  The waitress we had was also very sweet.  We got the artichoke for our appetizer and the Hungarian duck for the main dish.  Can't wait to return to try the other dishes.Wonderful reinvented Jewish deli cuisine in small plate format. Great service and atmosphere. Got the prix fix (3 small plates each  for $36 per person. By far the best plate was the challah-encrusted sea bass. Was told they soak the sea bass in sour cream before encrusting it - yum! The non-greasy potato latkes were the best latkes I've ever had. The veal schnitzel tacos and grilled asparagus plates were good too, but not as special. The hanger steak plate was a miss - too rare and not that flavorful. Overall were very pleased with our meal, and would return.This was our 2nd time at Abe Fisher and I think it only got better from the first. Let's preface by saying this food isn't for everyone. I think you are either gonna love it and come back for more or hate it and never come back because your tongue hates you and doesn't know what amazingness tastes like. Get the prefixed tasting menu for $39/pp (sweet deal!), order your 3 dishes, have your lady friend order 3 different dishes, and share, and then get whatever dessert you want and be greedy with it.
Their chopped liver should be renamed liver butter because that is how creamy and awesome it is, spread it on top of their crack like pumpernickel rye! 
The pickled mackerel with the thin onion rings was a perfectly salty party in my mouffff, only thing missing was a shot of vodka with it. My Russian Jew family would approve and then offer their house for the chef to come sleep in.
The Corned Pork Belly Reuben...holy balls! Just get it! Trust me! Get it! Eat it! Love it! You are Fn welcome!
Manischewitz Glazed Beef Cheeks, get it for the name itself, then enjoy the ridiculously soft beef that melts in your mouth.
Lamb Cholent Pot Pie, this dish alone would make me gay for whoever can make this for me. Even Moses would approve of this one. Probably one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life. Perfectly cooked, amazingly soft, amazingly delicious. Holy Cholent Batman!
Lastly, the dessert, Don't share this. Keep it for yourself. I cant even explain the consistency of it cause its different but the Bacon & Egg Cream is a kosher boy's nightmare, Moses would not approve of this one, but Jesus would, and I do too. It has Bacon, Chocolate, Cream, Cocaine (maybe), and maple syrup. Enough Said. 
Go eat Abe Fisher today! 5 Stars, 5 Garys. Watch me eat on IG @Thehungryhubby(4.5 stars) I can't remember the last time I ate at a restaurant specializing in Jewish fare, especially one as good as Abe Fisher. It's a bit pricey ($39 for three courses), but worth the experience. The standout for me was the shabbos chicken. It had such an authenticity to it, from the potato kugel to the heavy onion influence, Though it does count as two dishes. 
The mousse is also wonderful: airy, rich, and perfectly paired with salted rye. The veal schnitzel tacos were also an awesome choice. Only really the fluke I wasn't too excited about. Overall, you really can't go wrong.My whole family and I chose the pre fixe menu. It was such a good deal and tons of food for the price. It was great flavor and good for a special occasion!This place is OFF the charts. Very relaxed atmosphere, inventive cuisine, for someone for whom the Aloha Amigo concept doesn't work, this place takes fusion ( hate that word) to a higher, better place.  Try everything. It's all awesome.Their maple custard and bacon dessert is probably one of the most original and one of the most delicious desserts I have ever tasted.Here for the #ISTE2015 conference and was looking for a unique food experience. We got that and so much more. Probably the best service I've ever had and the most unique food I've experienced. I had a great view of the 5 chefs working in the kitchen with such intensity! Thank you, staff, for serving us well and giving us such a wonderful meal our first night in Philadelphia!Top culinary experience in Philadelphia! The plates look like works of art and the food is so flavorful and full of surprises without being foo foo and weird. The servers are beyond knowledgable as well recommending perfect wine combinations and super professional about what they do, total foodies.The food, service and drinks were great. A bit expensive for what it is. The short rib pastrami dinner was incredible; the whiskey drinks were perfectly composed.The tasting menu is a can't-miss. My friend and I sat at the bar to eat on a busy Saturday night and the bartenders couldn't have been more fun, friendly, and helpful. Everything tasted delicious, and left there with a full belly and a smile on my face.This restaurant is amazing! Jewish cuisine elevated to be culinary masterpieces. My friend and I chose the prix fixe menu with the borscht tartare and chopped liver as our first course, karsha varnishkas and sweet and sour meatballs for the second course, and veal tacos and lamb leg for the third course. Followed it up with almond pana cotta, Apple strudel, and the black and white cheesecake/almond cookie (a gift from the kitchen!!) What made the meal perfect, though, is that the owner and wait staff are sweet, nice, and attentive. It was the perfect meal for a Friday evening with friends.Zahav is one of my favorite restaurants in the city so I was really looking forward to Abe Fisher. I am glad I tried it, but I don't think I need to go back. Maybe Zahav's food is more my taste but the food at Abe Fisher didn't excite me. They start you with some savory rugelach and an amuse bouche of beet tartare with potato chip which. Off to a good start. I tried the cocktail nobody expects the Spanish inquisition. It was overwhelmingly beet juice. I also had an asparagus app which was frankly kind of bland. My husband's caesar salad was a better bet, nice size, lots of textures. For second course I had a special foie gras dish and hubs had the tongue. The foie gras was good quality nicely cooked. The tongue was too breakfasty because of the maple syrup which felt weird at dinner. For main I got the duck blintz which was pretty tasty. My husband got the steak. I thought that was a little boring. Everything was good but nothing really blew me away. I do love Zahav - I guess I'll just stick with that.Had a really great time here at Abe Fisher. Really inventive Jewish/bistro pub staples with my only complaint being that this place is not for the faint of heart in regards to salt! We both did the prix-fixe deal ($39 for three small plates and a dessert) and for two people, it was the perfect if not slightly too much amount - a really great way to try a lot of things. Here's what we got:
- Salmon Gravlax - loved this, has an amazing deeply fried latke underneath which was so fun. this one was probably my favorite!
- Heirloom Tomatoes - a really fun mix of flavors but WOW salty
- Corned Pork Belly Reuben - great cheese on top but I thought this was good but not too spectacular
- Matzo Brei - loved this one, particularly the super crunchy beef tongue
- Duck Blintzes - I love anything in a wrap and the blintz was the perfect spongyness and tasted great
- Veal Schnitzel Tacos - loved these as well and were a great runner-up
DESSERT:
- Fluffernutter - you have to get this! It reads slightly bizarre and weird on the page but it is one of the cutest desserts and really a treat
- Panna Cotta - I love me some sour-ish dairy, and this was a perfect dessert too. I'm not that big of a fan of the somewhat vinegared melon that they added on, though. 
We also had some add-ons - we did the foie gras special which was extravagently rich and then some nibbles from the kitchen, one seemed to be a pickled beet chip and the other little sweet and savory bread pastries - both were wonderful. 
Overall, great place to come for dinner. It's a bit noisy at full capacity but the staff is really friendly and helpful.Second time here and this place is awesome! Great twist on traditional Jewish foods that anyone can appreciate. I personally love chopped liver and the fresh bread that accompanies their dish is amazing. The pickled onions are the perfect accompaniment. The pickled mackerel with fried onion rings was an excellent mix of flavors. My husband thinks their take on Reuben sandwich is delicious. We both loved the lamb cholent but I do wish the beans were cooked a bit longer and softer. 
I look forward to going back and trying new dishes in the future. Excellent concept for a restaurant.Who knew traditional Jewish food could be so good?  The chopped liver was fantastic and was more like a mousse rather than any sort of chopped liver I've had at Jewish gatherings.  It came with delicious toasted butter rye and pickled onion leaves which were great for scooping up the delicious liver.  The roasted carrots sounded boring, but were absolutely fantastic- slightly sweet and salty with aged gouda.  And for happy hour, these delicious small plates were only 7 bucks (vs the usual 10), as are the cocktails, which are normally 12.  Since I'm a lush for happy hours, I sampled every single cocktail on the menu.  My favorite cocktail is the Cherry Orchard with the Nobody Expects a Spanish Inquisition being a close second.
I can't wait to return to sample the other dinner menu items....or for happy hour again.Abe Fisher's is a modern take on traditional Jewish dishes. The restaurant itself is fairly quaint, almost diner like. However, the service is excellent and food is spot on. We had the Chopped Liver, Corned Pork Belly Reuben,Veal Schnitzel Tacos and Hanger Steak. All were excellent. We will definitely be back.Food was not appetizing, I ordered three tapas and non of them gave me what I was looking for. Very unique food, and somewhat tasty, but, I was not impressed. Our waiter was fairly good, she seemed a little confused.. when we asked her questions about something on the menu.. but, the wine was really good!A Muslim and a Christian walk into a Jewish restaurant in the middle of Hanukkah and are offered a seat at the "Chef's Table", the best seat in the house.
"Is this some kind of joke?" we thought.  
It wasn't.  They just have an on point social media person and GM, something I can appreciate as the reason we were actually here was to celebrate the end of a tough semester of marketing grad school. Great use of #engagement.
Besides the unexpected benefit of seeing the highs and lows of kitchen life as we ate, we truly did love the food.  The pastrami hash knish, with it's mini everything-bagel stuffed with pastrami, was my personal favorite of the night by far, and the tray of them sitting inches away (behind a stupid glass window) made it hard to not ask for seconds.
The complimentary pastries, brussels caesar, pork belly reuben, and veal tacos were also loved by us Gentiles, who also tasted our first gefilte fish this night and were advised by our waiter to stop at the top rather than take our new-found interest to our local grocer's Kosher section.  Well advised and a thoroughly enjoyable meal all around.For some reason I never tried Abe Fisher even though I thought about it. Decided to give it try for the last night of restaurant week and I'm glad I did. 
The space is small and very loud so be prepared if you've never been. The service was somewhat of a team concept but we had one main server. Everyone was professional but friendly and knowledgeable-excellent. The food is a take on modern Jewish cuisine. 
I had the tomato salad to start. This had great flavor with pumpernickel croutons and pine nuts. The broccoli and cheddar kugel was my second choice. Again good flavor and interesting since I've never had savory kugel before.  This was somewhat like a quiche. Lastly I had the corn kreplach with kale and mushrooms. The server asked about dietary needs and when I told her I was vegetarian she told me she would have the kitchen make any necessary changes to the dishes. Much appreciated. All were very good and unique.  For dessert I had the chimney bread which is little cinnamon sugar bread with pistachio and mascarpone cheese.. yummy!   
Overall interesting spot and worth a try!Just came here for some drinks with friends. One of us got some kind of drink with pickle juice in it. Needless to say, it was disgusting. Another friend of mine didn't like whatever drink he got too. I liked the beer I had which is why I give it 3 stars.Everything was amazing from complimentary still and sparkling water to appetisers. 
Meal highlights - warm foie gras, veal tacos and dessert: bacon and egg cream.The food here is delicious but our bartender was a complete jerk. We came during happy hour and stood at the partition behind the people seated at the bar. He made it rudely obvious that he hated the fact he had to serve us food there, even though there was plenty of room for our drinks and plates. Then when we got our bill he didn't give us the happy hour prices. The manager did compensate us as soon as the error was brought to their attention. However, he is a very poor representation of an otherwise great restaurant.Went with a friend on a week night and we were treated like royalty!  They give you so many complimentary goodies to taste even before your meal comes out.  During the meal we also were given the sweet potato dish, which turned out to be my favorite.  Instead of loading you up with the small plates coming at you all at once, they watched carefully until we were done with them so they could bring out the next one.  We had some food left on the plates, so they checked to see if it would be OK to bring out the next plates.  We told them that we were struggling with all of the food and that we had over ordered.  They offered to talk to Chef and cancel one of our plates - this happened without a problem!  Who does that?  Most restaurants would have said, "Too bad!"  We were overly impressed.  Food is off the charts and very unusual.  We even got a free bite of a dessert, which is all we needed.  The bar tender was busy all night - my Bluecoat Gin (not everyone carries my favorite flavor) was generous and delicious.  The free seltzer all night was an excellent touch.  Can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu.Eating at Abe Fisher Is like being a judge on Top Chef. Small plates of delicious food 
,one after the other, and you can't decide which is the best. It doesn't matter which course you are on, it's all good.
Our favorite was the pork belly Reuben and Knish a very close second.4.5 Stars. 
Started off with the Abe Fisher Cocktail - literally my new favorite cocktail in all of Philadelphia. How can I recreate this masterpiece? 
The prix fixe menu is the best way to get the full taste of this menu. Everything was so delicious & I found myself not wanting each dish to end. We were a bit disappointed with the dessert though. The devil's food cake had a weird flavor & the bacon & egg cream fell flat from what I expected it to be. 
Waiters were very attentive & food came out perfectly timed. 
Overall it was a great meal and I would go back to try other things on the menu but would skip dessert next time.I had a great experience this week at Abe Fisher.  I was walking around the city and knew some of the CooknSolo places are on Sansom.  I arrived during happy hour and sat at the bar.  I ordered a ginger and lime soda and chicken liver plate, both of which were delicious.  I told the very friendly bartender that I was contemplating the asparagus dish or the avocado salad. I ordered the avocado salad after she told me it was one of her favorite dishes, and it was a great dish.  But what was absolutely outstanding, and this is the first time that I can remember a restaurant ever doing this, was that they brought me a small portion of the asparagus dish for free.  I was very impressed with this gesture.  Great food.  Even better service!This is my first yelp review and I couldn't have picked a better place to start with.  Went to Abe Fisher for my birthday and could not have asked for a more incredible meal with stellar service.  
We were offered to sit at their chef's table high top right next to the expo area.  It may have helped that we had just watched several episodes of top chef but we were riveted watching everyone in action preparing everything from salads and desserts to the giant rib and duck platters.  
We went for the Prix Fix, selecting 6 items and 2 desserts.  The highlights:
The Brussel Sprouts Salad, Pork Belly Reuben, Pork Schnitzel tacos & Leg of Lamb were all amazing.  
Sitting at the chef's table also afforded us some tasty nibbles of the borsch tartare, the roasted carrots, and even an extra birthday dessert. 
We will definitely be returning to try out the short rib platter.  
Thanks Abe Fisher for a fantastic time!I am apparently on a roll.  I've been to Dzingoff, Federal donuts, zahav Abe Abe fisher in literally 2 weeks though federal donuts isn't unfamiliar to me.   Abe fisher was ear splitting loud.  It was so loud it was uncomfortable.   People at the bar were screaming at each other.   The noise is something that absolutely The service was impeccable though which is a true trademark.   The menu was for the adventurous.  The food was incredible.My experience at Abe Fisher this past weekend for the soft opening has warranted my first ever Yelp review. With so many restaurants opening around the city it really is hard to stand out among the best, but that is something CookNSolo have done so well, yet again. I work around the corner and have been anxiously awaiting the opening for some time now. My fiance and I saw it was open after a long day at work and knew we had to sit down for a meal. We opted into the Prix-Fixe so we could try a majority of the small plates on the menu. One after another they came from the kitchen, leaving nothing to be desired. I just want to highlight the simplest yet exquisite dish we ate that night ; the Carrots! I know your thinking carrots? but these carrots perfectly roasted were mixed with squares of baked pumpernickel plated on a sweet Lekvar and topped with shaved aged Gouda was the best combination of textures and flavors that have hit my mouth in a long time. The dishes we ate could have won any Top Chef, Chopped or Iron Chef competition on the Food Network hands down, The Talent, Creativity, and Hard Work that CookNSolo put into each of their ventures is such and inspiration. I can not wait to go back to finish sampling the rest of the small plates and the Hungarian Duck they have featured on the menu.Excellent food. Great service. Inspired wine choices. Abe Fisher is excellent. Very different. Exciting. Variations on Rubens, potato latkes, tacos and steak dishes. Lots of choices. Fair prices.  Try itOne of the best dinners I've had this year. Every course from the chopped liver to the bacon and maple desert delivered beyond expectations. Not to mention the totally awesome take on the classic reuben sandwich in bite-size pieces.
Only one thing to nag about: lack of smiles outside the immediate customer interaction. And the 'managers' (?) with their black suits and 'stone-faces' seemed slightly out of place in the otherwise relaxed restaurant. Somehow I felt that the staff overall was a bit tense, even though they handled the service very professionally.
Abe Fisher, you have an awesome restaurant - just remember happiness and relax!Finally made it here after having been to Dizengoff a few times and it did not disappoint. The space is really cool, I like it a lot and its kind of chic and sleek, the staff is top notch they were quick to recommend dishes and to let us know if we should add on to any, example, 3 of us were at dinner and we wanted the veal schnitzel tacos, only 2 came to an order but the staff let us add on a third. The cocktails from the bar were very good as was the wine. I would say 3-4 people is the perfect party size for dinner since it allows you to order pretty much everything on the menu with no repeats. We did not call ahead for the Montreal Short Ribs or Duck and we weren't able to talk the kitchen into giving us any, oh well next time we won't make the same mistake twice. We did the prix fixe menu with a few additions. The first course consisted of the borscht tartare, the brussels sprouts caesar, and the chopped liver. Everything was fantastic, my favorite was the brussels sprouts caesar surprisingly, great dish. Next came the pickled mackerel, corned pork belly reuben, pastrami hash knish, and lokshen kugel. Man it's hard to pick a winner out of these 4, I mean the pickled mackerel was awesome, again way better than I expected, the pork belly was just exquisite, amazing flavors and textures, and the pastrami hash was very good and a really cool presentation. The next course consisted of the stuffed trout "gefilte" fish, veal schnitzel tacos, and the sweet & sour meatballs. Again everything was ridiculous but the stuffed trout was awesome and the tacos were next level, the tacos were my favorite thing of the night. I am a sucker for a good taco and all the different flavors and textures going on in these tacos just put them over the top. For dessert we went with the bacon and egg cream, apple strudel, and the sour cream panna cotta. So they were all amazing and I am not going to choose my favorite dessert, you are just going to have to make sure that you have enough people to order all of these. In the end, Abe Fisher is awesome, they are taking Jewish food and essentially re-inventing it which is cool and exciting. Get over there and try it.Fantastic! Each dish was creative and delicious. Our favorites were the trout stuffed gefilte fish, veal schnitzel tacos, and the bacon and egg cream dessert. Service was extremely attentive, but never intrusive. Highly recommended, and I'm sure this place will become a very hard reservation to get. It's already packed!Abe Fisher-  1623 Sansom St, Philadelphia, PA 
Where do I begin. ..
I just got back into town and to celebrate was looking for a late night dinner with a home girl of mine. Wanted to try some place new, neither of us have been to. As fans of Federal Donut, she suggested the new place the same family opened up on the same block as the epic donut shop. We walked in late night,  by Philly standards at 11pm on a Friday night, with no hesitation we were seated. It was a Friday night and the place wasn't very busy, but yet the vibe was still very inviting.  As we walked through the dark lit room to our table,  I couldn't help but to smile about the slight "Granny's house" details,  the dark Grey printed wall paper, modern delicatessen , partially old Manhattan Bagel shop like room had. We sat in a  part booth / part single seating table. ..and for a moment I felt like I was in a mom and pop restaurant somewhere in Eastern Europe,  that only the locals know about. Where you find old men smoking a pipe telling stories of how things once was.  Interesting enough, the outside and entrance to the place is very much new age "Eco" modern innovative architecture,  so it was endearing to be greeted with such a traditional, cozy Granny like room with an old masculine touch inside. 
Our server quickly came to greet us and introduce the menu to us. We opt for the prix fix menu which allowed for one plate from each of the 3 available course sections PLUS dessert.  4 course meal for $39, which I found to not only be a steal, but the perfect way to be introduced to the menu,  be it that combine we sampled 8 different dishes. I'm not going to dive into all 8 dishes had, just the ones that stood out to me. However,  I will say that cuisine was very much Eastern European Jew that only once  a time in Brooklyn could really capture, yet the folks at Abe Fisher did exquisitely!  From the knish to the capture of the sauerkraut and pickled flavors.  It was European Jewish cuisine with well executed modern and refreshing twist. The food combined with attentive service was worth the find and time! I was certainly happy and will definitely be back! 
Those that stood out-
1- The Stuffed Trout with the accompanying carrot raisin salad with a mousse like carrot puree. Was not only pretty,  but beautifully laying of flavors. The sweetness laced over the trout, stood on it's,  yet added a hint of sweetness to the trout without overpowering the flavors in the trout. The carrot raisin was hands down the best I've had in a looong time.  Very traditional in its style,  like Nana made it! The consistency of the carrot puree was so light and fluffy it just made my mouth happy!  Just absolutely "right" . Everything on the plate just completely complemented each other. A very well thought out dish. Kudos to the chef or chefs that came up with it! 
2- My favorite dish of the 8 dishes sampled. The Lokshen Kugel, which is a duck confeti, with sour cherry and braised cabbage. The duck was moist and savory. The sour cherry laced on the duck complemented the savor in the duck, yet added the perfect amount of sweetness. ..and the cabbage just brought it together to a "I had to close my eyes as the flavors and textures kissed my palate" delicious perfection!  If you love game and if you love sour cherries. .. This is a MUST try! Just absolutely excellent!  @abefisher_philly  #Phillyfoodie #philly #philadelphia  #phiadelphiafoodie #phillyeats #whereToeatThis place is a very good place for a decent dinner with a significant other. Good atmosphere with good course menus.Contemporary Jewish cuisine, right? Amazing. Loved the Bacon and Egg dessert. Came here for restaurant week and will definitely be back.Came here on a Saturday night, we made reservation at 6:45pm and we were on time.  My first impression was the place was well decorated; however, its positive vibe quickly became negative when we had to wait to be seated despite having a reservation. It wasn't until 30 minutes after our reservation time that we were seated -- it was a very bitter feeling.
My boyfriend and I both got the prefix menu (pick three courses). Food was descent with fair prices.  We didn't get their signature ribs because we thought that was too much ($72/per person). 
Overall, it was a good dining experience but having to wait 30 minutes even though we made reservation (on my boyfriends birthday!) was very frustrating.  I hope the management can improve on this as it seems like we are not the only customers that experienced this.Had dinner on a Sunday evening and it was a truly memorable meal.  Dined with my fiancé for the meal, our first time at Abe Fisher.  We found out about the restaurant based on a recent Amaro event they held.
The restaurant was mostly full with a few tables available.  Casual attire acceptable.  Very relaxed atmosphere with a staff that was incredibly attentive and did not seem hurried at any point.
We opted for the smoked short-rib tasting menu.  It is a bit costly, but you definitely get your money's worth.  They essentially lead you on a tour through their menu.  Each bite was amazing and no course disappointed.  They opened with a sampling of rugelach.  The schmaltz rugelach was savory and luscious, one of my favorite bites of the meal.  Then we had several small bites ; chicken salad, borscht, and salami.  All were exquisite.  Then we had pickled mackerel followed by an incredible sweet potato dish.  I'm not sure if it's the same sampling of small plates every night, but the balance of fatty to pickled to crunchy and soft was stellar. 
This was followed by a matzo ball and kreplach soup.  Broth was rich and hearty, though a bit salty.  Matzo ball was airy and delicious.
The highlight of the meal was obviously the short-rib, which apparently takes 10 days to prepare.  The meat was so tender it could be cut with a butter knife.  Perfectly smoky and spiced, paired with their housemade rye as well as pickles and mustards. 
Finished the meal with dessert.  Bacon and egg cream was light and a perfect complement to the meal.  The other desserts they offer rotate periodically.
If you are interested in venturing into the world of Amaro, this is a great place to do it!  They have a good sampling, with very knowledgable and interested staff.  They can prepare a flight of different amaro varieties so you can experience these delicious, bitter, herbal liquors.  
Overall an amazing meal and highly recommended.Amazing experience! Each dish just got better and better. 
Chopped liver- smooth texture. The sweet onion jam was a great touch and the toasted  rye bread was so good we asked for more
Matzo Brei- the matzo had a bread pudding like texture. It had a brunch plate feel from the egg, maple syrup, and smoked tongue. An addictive salty and sweet blend.
Duck blintzes- the foie gras made this dish so indulgent. Everything worked together and I loved the tartness from the cherries.
Farfel- it looked like it was going to be really heavy, but the taste was surprisingly light. 
Sour cream panna cotta- a great finish. This also had sour cherries since if was in season. 
We also got complimentary amuse bouche and sweets 
Will definitely go back again!Terrific, and better than expected I must say. I enjoyed every single thing I ate there and since we were a party of three I got to taste most of the menu. I ordered the borscht tartare which was very satisfying but we all agreed that the salmon gravlax won the prize for best first course. The "kugel" with duck confit was to die for and I enjoyed the veal schnitzel tacos very much also. Abe Fisher seasons their food quite aggressively. This was not a problem for me and nothing I had was "too salty," but on the first page of reviews alone I read several comments about the salt being too heavy, and all three of us at the table agreed that while the seasoning wasn't overdone it was just on the edge of being too much. So I would say that it would be advisable for the kitchen to ease up on the salt just a bit--I think I would have enjoyed it just as much with a tad less salt. Savory and sweet pieces of rugelach as an amuse bouche were excellent.
I laughed at another reviewer who complained about the "blood and smoke" cocktail being too smoky. If you don't like Laphroaig or are not familiar with it, don't get it! I love smoky scotch and was a little dubious about its combination with cherry flavors but I enjoyed the drink immensely and would have ordered a second if I was willing to part with another $12, but I didn't and ordered an IPA instead. I was also concerned about this cocktail being too sweet but it wasn't. They seem to have a real cherry theme going: two different cocktails with cherry, cherry in the duck confit, also a cherry soup with the panna cotta. I love cherry so I'm on board with it. My husband got that panna cotta and it was very nice, as was the apple strudel. But my favorite dessert was the one I ordered, the bacon and egg cream. That was incredibly good and kind of genius really.
Service was friendly and informal; we had to ask them to turn down the music and they did, which by the way consisted of a random mix of 90s tunes (including Pearl Jam and Portishead). The place is decorated to look like a deli but in kind of a sad, noncommittal way. So it does not do much in the way of ambience but the food is the big draw here. $39 for three plates+dessert is very reasonable and definitely the way to go. Plates are small but not too small and we all left full. Highly recommended!I was fortunate enough to snag a spot at Abe and Fisher, not long after its opening, during Philly's vaunted restaurant week. Sure 9.30PM on a Monday isnt the most sought after spot, but I was grateful nonetheless. My fellow diner spoke enthusiastically of past experiences at Zahav, which I believe to share a bartender (and possibly chef?) with Abe Fisher.
The experience lived up to expectations! The cocktail menu was intriguing - the one item I tried from it (named after the restaurant) was tasty and intoxicating. The restaurant week menu, though limited in scope, featured numerous enticing dishes (it took a bit of deciding to settle on just two from each section for the two of us). Everything we ordered was tasty - my favorite was perhaps the brussel sprouts. The dessert, while nothing groundbreaking, provided a solid end to the meal too. 
I've always thought of Philly as a city with a lot of great restaurants - Abe Fisher is  a great addition to its repertoire.Really nice evening with impeccable service. I went for my bf's birthday so we could try the duck and they were kind enough to reserve one for us as we had a late reservation. The cocktails were great, the waiter recommended a glass of red I hadn't tired before and it was also excellent. We had the corned pork belly and watermelon salad (good, but I wouldn't necessarily order again), the chicken pate (very good, the pate was a little mild on it's own but when paired with the onion jam it was a perfect bite), and the duck did not disappoint. Unprompted they brought us a delicious smokey chocolate mousse desert with a candle that they offered on the house. While overall I would say the food is better at Zahav, we really loved our dinner and even more so the overall experience.