I hate to take a star away from my favorite resturant, but they are way to slow!!!! The food is excellent. I always get the Yebeg Wot, which is the lamb. It is delicious, but sometimes they dont give you enough meat. But everyday I crave this dish!!1I have loved Abyssinia since 2000. Yes, the service is slow, and always has been. No, I don't understand why they don't fix it. I don't care. When we go, we go in the right frame of mind, ready for a slowly paced dinner. We go at 5pm, and few tables are sat yet. We play 20 questions. We sip drinks. The waitresses are nice, if harried. We've gotten to know them and they know us. 
The food is always magnificent. I like Dahlak, and the smaller joints on 45th st and Chestnut st, but dish for dish, Abyssinia rules them all for flavor, and portion too. 
The lamb and chicken dishes are mostly on the bone, which I feel is better than boneless cubes. The berbere is fiery and more complex than elsewhere. The various legumes are always perfect. The kitfo... I think an Ethiopian restaurant is best judged on its kitfo, and here it is perfect, served raw. 
I no longer live in W. Philly, but every time I'm near, I take out a large order. All hail to Abyssinia, proudly pissing off hurried, unforewarned diners for two decades, but worth it!Good food and great prices. The service was crazy-slow and we had to correct her on drinks a few times. Not much in terms of atmosphere (Dahlak's better for that), but the food was good. Great to bring a few people and split platters.
Had a good laugh over the beverage menu that called Yellow Tail "Yellow Fail." I think that's my new name for it. :)Went here with a group, and found a nice, laid-back atmosphere. The best misir wat I've had!The food is great- I've been here many times! They get 5 stars on that. Their servers are friendly. The bathroom options aren't great and paying can be a little slow but overall this remains my go-to Ethiopian spot and we often times bring out-of-town friends at least once during their visits. The prices are also very reasonable.I am so sorry I have to do this.  Abyssinia is a WONDERFUL restaurant.  I love the food.  But please DON'T EAT THE RAW BEEF!  This is the second time I have done so.  24 hours later I am on the toilet with violent Exorcist diarrhea.  Just say no to the raw beef.  It ain't sushi, at least not here at any rate.It's a little out of the way for me from Center City, but I sometime get a chance to make the trek over for yummy vegan Ethopian food. I have always gotten take-out. The vegetarian combo is awesome. Try it!My boyfriend and I decided to try this place a few days ago as neither of us had ever had Ethiopian fare, and we were looking for something new! The woman who played both host and server was great! She was attentive and friendly. We ordered the meat and veggie combos to get a taste of everything. The food came out quickly, maybe because we were the only table there at the time. It was delicious and affordable. I will definitely go back again. Plus, who doesn't love eating with their hands!!Very good and fresh. Those who don't know why there are no forks and knives, it's because you eat with your hands. So bring some wipes and dig in. ALSO, it takes a LONG time to get your food. A lot of people already mentioned this in their reviews. It's worth it, and the portions are massive. 
Overall you get a great sense of the culture through their food. So get adventurous and make it down here.Ate here again last night. The food was great and the communal aspect of eating from the same humongous dish (see pic) with only bread and hands is really enjoyable. Ethiopians are cool (and f-you to the snooty hipster outside smoking who could even acknowledge my simplest of questions).While passing through Philly, I stopped by this place to try the highly rated atmosphere. I grew up in Ethiopia and cook Ethiopian cuisine very well, so my expectations were very high to this restaurant. 
The restaurant feels like an old funeral home in a third world country. The building is falling apart. The chairs are worn out, broken and tables are not stable. The curtains and table clothes have not been washed in a long time. You can spot food stains as well as dirt. Old carpet, peeling wall papers and unclean restrooms. I am surprised that the Department of Health has not cited this restaurant. This place would not make it in NYC or SF. 
Major food ingredients are of very cheap quality. The chicken legs were not cleaned properly. Food lacked basic and appropriate spices. No garlic or ginger. The salad, lentils and stew dishes did not taste fresh. Again, I am impressed how this place continued to sell substandard quality 'authentic' food. 
Plastic cups and plates to serve drinks and foods detract from the experience. 
Never again. If you had similar experiences, please call the Department of Health to report this restaurant. The place is a public health hazard.Of all of the Ethiopian places in West Philly, Abyssinia is far and away my favorite.  When friends come to visit, when I'm having a rough day, or for late-night food (the kitchen is open until midnight), Abyssinia is the best.  
My advice is to order a combo (meat or vegetarian, depending on your company) for one fewer person than the number of people in your party (so for a party of three, order the combo for 2) and then pick one entrée to go with it.  No matter how hungry you or your party is, it always ends up being the perfect amount of food, and you get a great amount of variety.  Plus it gets served on one big plate so everyone gets to share.  I have always had great food experiences, the portions are the best of the restaurants I've tried in West Philly, and while the decor is a little tired, I would rather keep with the very affordable prices!
Don't forget to check out Fiumé upstairs (side note: you can get a table upstairs and they'll bring the food up to you)!We went here a few times with the recommendation of a coworker (who preferred Abyssinia over the other restaurant Dahlak).
The main dining room was big, and the tables were scattered. Instead of the traditional baskets, there were regular chairs and tables. The lighting is dim and sets a nice ambiance. The menu is  vegetarian-friendly and meateater-friendly. 
We ordered a few veggie entrees, a beef entree, a lamb entree, and the spicy chicken entree (doro wot) to split between 3 of us. We regretted not ordering an appetizer as it took quite a while for the entrees to come out. When it came out, it was on a very large plate and took up almost the entire table. Extra plates with Injera bread was given too. All of the dishes were very tasty and the meat selections were tender as well. I really like the doro wot as it had a nice kick to it, though the hardboiled egg that came with it is hard to split. We were very full and content and there was still food unfinished.
There is one lady working the floor. She is the hostess, the order taker, and the server. So when there are quite a few tables, service is quite slower. It was hard getting water refills sometimes.
I would have given it a 5/5 if service was better. But 4 will suffice. There is also a bar area where people were drinking, eating, and watching tv at.
Street parking can be a pain. One time we parked 1/2 a block away, another time 4 blocks away.I much prefer Abyssinia to Dahlak (perhaps also due to being a block's walk from my house) - the staff is great, the food is prepared more carefully i think than the other Ethiopian spots.  The atmosphere is perhaps not as warm as previous posters have mentioned of Dahlak, but the pros outweigh the cons.  
The vegetarian platter is delicious, and surprisingly filling for two people.I love this place. It doesn't look like much when you walk in but just trust me and the other yelpers, the food is great. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Price is great too - you can get a filling meal for $15, easily. Be prepared for slow service, but it's definitely worth it. Also be prepared to eat with your hands!This restaurant is great! First off, the service is SUPER SLOW. However, I think that's part of the ambience (and maybe it's a cultural thing?). If you know that going in, I'm sure you'll enjoy. 
The food is to die for. I've never been to Ethiopia, so I can't technically vouch for it's authenticity, but it compares to other restaurants that I've tried and heard are quite authentic. Flavorful, spicy where it should be. 
This is a really fun place to come in groups. You order a few different items off the menu and it comes out on a couple of giant platters on top of the most delicious injera (perfectly spongey and tangy). Everyone goes at it with their hands! 
The vegetarian combo is such a good mix of items. We also ordered one of the meat combos, though I can't remember which one (we stayed away from the raw meat though). It was delicious too. 
This restaurant didn't leave me with the cleanest feeling (bathrooms, the bar area, etc.) but other than that and the slow service, the food was really on point.Yedora Tibs every time. At least once a month, take out... dine in ...either way. I've tried other items on the menu and they are all great but the yedora tibs is by far my favorite meal. This place is amazing, the service is good but slow ... but that only makes the meal more enticing. I love this place. Head upstairs to the bar on Thursdays for some great bluegrass! Additionally it's super cheap!When compared to other Ethiopian places in the city, it does not stand out. The service is ridiculously slow and for the food not being that exceptional, hurts them a lot :(Food is great but be prepared to spend 3 hours from when you walk in the door to when you try to pay leave. Yes I mean try to pay; short staffed and slow serviceI wasn't quite sure what to expect from Abyssinia.  I've had Ethiopian food before and it was good, but nothing to rave about.  However, this hidden treasure in West Philly is worth the trip!
Why all the complaints about wait times and service?  Visiting on a Saturday evening, and being warned that they "would take forever", my service expectations might have been lowered, but our time from ordering to food arriving on our table was more than reasonable for freshly prepared food.
Alright, with that out of the way, I can speak of the delicious eats.  The meat combination is the way to go.  Three different types of meat (beef, lamb, chicken), two veggies, and a small salad all for you to eat without a fork!  Don't worry, the injera serves as an edible fork substitute.  Everything was perfectly spiced, bringing just the right level of flavor and 'heat' to the dish.  And the portions-price ratio make it a steal.  Only $14 to fill me up!
In summary, worth the wait (if you happen to experience one), but be mindful that your hands will get dirty =PThe food here is good the only  problems I have is the food is overpriced, and the service is poor and a long wait time.I was really skeptical about this place. I entered from the bar side and I didn't see many people.... just old guys drinking at the bar & some shady tables. But when we went in I saw their was a seperate room for dining. I got the lamb stew. I have been dreaming about it ALLLLLLLLLLLL day. Its all i want right now.
Service was a little slow that is what I am deducting a star. But the food was banging.I love trying Ethiopian food in different cities.  I was surprised to easily find 4 Ethiopian restaurants within a few blocks of each other in Philly.  Two restaurants were nearly side by side!  With that level of competition, my expectations were high.
Abyssinian is a clean, simple, fairly spacious restaurant.  Our food was very good.  Once we placed our order, the food came out quickly;  placing the order was the problem.  One member of the wait staff was particularly attentive & helpful, but she unfortunately was not our waitress!  Our waitress seemed very confused by our order request, & I had to leave the table twice to go find her.  She was not very attentive at all.
I would try the restaurant again when I'm in town, as long as I could chose my server.  I would recommend the restaurant to others.I've eaten at Ethiopian restaurants in NY and DC and the food at Abyssinia is comparable to some of the best authentic places. The injera is a nice dark brown, not Wonder bread white injera like some places that cater more to foreigners. My favorite meat dishes are kitfo lublub and Yebeg tibs, and both were excellent. I prefer 'beg tibs a little more crispy with the onions caramelized, but it was still very flavorful. I also asked for my favorite veggie dishes and was given a sample of each: shiro, kik alitcha, gomen, and tikkil gomen--all were great. I got there before 6, so I didn't sit in the dining room but by the bar. The crowd of older Ethiopian men hanging out by the bar watching Ethiopian videos on TV added to the experience and signaled to me this is favored by Ethiopians themselves.Obviously the food here is authentic and delicious.  However, make sure you aren't hungry when you get there because the service is beyond slow.  Eat dinner first, then once the food arrives you'll be hungry again.  Just sayin'!First time here...won't go back. Terrible service, obnoxious attitude and not the best Ethiopian food by a long shot. 
We were upstairs having drinks at Flume and my friend and I each ordered a $12 meat platter to pick at and share with our beer.  Other three friends at our table were just drinking beer. The waitress decided to serve all five of us at the table one big platter then charge us $61 as if we had each ordered one platter. Surprised, but maybe an accident? Don't think so but benefit of the doubt and all that....except when we told her we only ordered two, the woman gave major attitude. 
We were having a good time so laughed about it and brushed it off.  Then we tried the food platter which included four drumsticks spread between four meager piles of tough meat that was mostly gristle and some small piles of collard greens. A few pieces of lettuce with three tomatoes on top was in the center. The Injera was eh, so-so. Not really tasty or filling, certainly not for $61.  
The rudeness began when my friend asked for a napkin and silverware, not because she's too fancy but because she's a major germ-a-phobe and likes to use a fork, even for fried chicken.   The waitress did the snarky, eye-roll and said they didn't have silverware, only spoons. My friend said yes, please to a spoon. The waitress gave her another mean look, made a loud clucking noise and walked away, never to come back again. After 10 minutes with no napkins or spoon, the other friend went to find the waitress.  She gave him an attitude and sent him off with three napkins and two spoons. She charged us for five people but only three get napkins?
Anyway, I disagree with the guy whose review said this is the perfect place to bring a date, if my date brought me here, he'd only get one date.  Could be why he's still single.  One bright note: the Flume bar upstairs is quaint, intimate and lovely with an impressive beer list and a friendly bartender who is actually happy you are there spending money at his place. NO wine by the glass though so be warned, you non-beer drinking folk.Best Ethiopian food in the neighborhood . Service can be a bit slow but it's worth it for the delicious food that eventually appears!Maybe it was the nostalgia of walking through the first Philadelphia neighborhood I called home. Or maybe it was the fact that I had forgotten just how good the food is. But I can't walk away from my recent visit leaving a three star review in my wake.
Nothing about the interior has changed. I still feel like I might fall through the stairs on my way up to the bathroom. The downstairs bar is as no frills as it gets. The molding on the walls shows which direction the house has settled over the years, and the furniture and wall art looks worn around the edges. The prices are still absurdly low. With all the new shiny restaurants popping up all over Philly, Abyssinia brings more charm than ever.
I must have been there on an off night because the staff was pleasant and smiling. Even if they weren't, I would still upgrade my review. And I look forward to coming back the next time I'm reminiscing in the neighborhood.I have been to this restaurant numerous times.  The food is delicious and totally addicting.  The menu is much more extensive than almost all the other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly.  The food always seems like it has been stewed for hours in an array of spices.  I have been known to inhale the food so fast that I get hiccups.  I have only found one Ethiopian place better than Abyssinia and that is Ethio Cafe.  Although it is a close race, I suspect (only going by my feelings) that there is a bit of msg in the food here.
     Some random strange facts that I picked up about this place over the years:
1.  The injera strangely enough is a lot more sour after being reheated.  
2.  There is a bar upstairs next to the bathroom in addition to the downstairs one near the front door.
3.  The waitresses are always nice and seem to be moving faster than they used to and a little faster than most other Ethiopian restaurants.Their food was kinda.....icky. She refused to give my boyfriend a fork saying use his spongy bread to eat his lamb and whatever else was on his bread...the silverware was dirty...they should wipe down the walls sometimes and clean a little. the bathroom was gross too. She was nice the waitress just not somewhere I would go again.The food is alright and being an avid diner and a die hard fan of Ethiopian food, I convinced myself to come here a third time despite the WORSE THAN TERRIBLE service. Waited 25 minutes for even a glass of water to come out after three reminders. There was no sign of the coffee or the food we ordered until much later. Mixed up the wine order and the waitresses are full of attitude. You can never find a smile on their face to expect the least. They don't deserve a fourth chance, never again!The music I heard here was amazing.  It was a Gypsy Jazz group and the music was unbelievable.  My only regret is that I do not know the name of the group.  
One of the best beer selections around at reasonable prices.  Service and other customers are all very friendly and the food is delicious as well.As others have noted, the atmosphere is shabby, the service is relaxed to a fault and the restrooms are to be avoided. But the food is amazing - delicious, plentiful and inexpensive!The food was pretty bland. I had the veggie combo and nothing really stood out except one stewed carrot that was delicious. The service was so slow too.Time for me to check out some Ethiopian food in West Philly, so I came here with my buddy and his girlfriend on Friday night.
As I have never had Ethiopian food before, I deferred to them on ordering.  I did make sure to try out the manjo juice, and that was pretty tasty.
We had a large plate brought over with a thin wafer like dough.  You then have different meats poured onto it, and use pieces of the thin wafer to scoop up some of the meat (just watch out for the bones!).  Additionally, you can eat the bread that is underneath the meat, as it has soaked up the additional juices-it was a tasty treat in the end.
A few notes-come around 7pm and you can get a table. By 8pm, the place was full.  The ambience is interesting, as it has a home style environment. The room is intimate and feels like you are apart of a large extended dining room. They also have a bar too.  Prices aren't bad, and you certainly get enough of a serving size-especially if you go family style.
Overall, another hidden gem in West Philly that I just discoveredAbyssinia is a nice, reasonably-priced Ethiopian restaurant. The place is clean, lit just dimly enough to not be dingy, and is quiet enough to allow a pleasant over-dinner conversation. The food is fantastic! My friends got the platters so that they could sample multiple options and I got the 'Doro Wot' - a spicy chicken which tasted a lot like chicken cooked Indian-style - and all of us loved our food.
The service is friendly, but very slow. If you're ravenous, the abyss-in-your stomach is going to remain with you a while, and your food is likely to arrive just about when you've managed to gnaw through your side of the table. But if you'd like to spend an hour (or more) on dinner and enjoy some great food, it's a good choice.Abyssinia is an old school Ethiopian restaurant in west philly, one that has survived some changes in the area that continue to make it more and more a college neighborhood. But this place remains an ethnic middle class eatery.
On the upside: it's inexpensive, the food is varied and flavorful, you can usually get a table and its friendly. 
We ate the vegetarian combo platter and enjoyed every mouthful. I'm not a vegetarian kind of guy by nature, except in India where the veg food is to die for. However the food here comes for two on a single plate on this big Ethiopian bread thing, so since my sweetheart doesn't eat poultry or red meat we went veggie. A couple of beers and sampling 6 dishes for two came to $30, which is tough to beat. 
You can sit at traditional low Ethiopian wicker tables or at basic kitchen style tables. The decor is a little tired, but this isn't center city!
On the downside the service is relaxed which if you are in a rush could drive you nuts. There is a bar where you can sit and have a pre dinner drink with  one or two other folks. But I wouldn't hang there, it only ever seems to have one or two Ethiopian ex-pats listening to loud African music and watching soccer on an old tv. 
Why 4 stars? Because the real reason you come here, the only reason in fact, is to put in some good ballast before you go upstairs to Fiume . . .This place is just overrated. Abyssinia really pulls it in with the Penn kids taking their parents to eat here, but the management clearly doesn't spend any money on the place or the staff. The moulding and fixtures look like they were installed by 5th graders. The walls are filthy and they have a ratty old AC running in the corner. I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. While this kind of urban grittiness is what makes Fiume so charming, it just makes Abyssinia gross. We have to eat this stuff man.
The service is pretty slow although they are polite enough.
The food is decent but not really up to what you'd expect from being located near one of the biggest East African neighborhoods in the US.
With the Green Line having spent thousands on the place across the street, it is time for Abyssinia to step it up by hiring more staff and renovating the interior.This is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant of the many in the area. The injera bread is exceptional. The portions are generous. The service is always friendly.Try again for shiro/silsi fitfit, qemem tea, ful. And don't make any appts prior, service comes with a smile but at a snails space.The food gets 4 stars. 
The experience gets -3 stars.
I'm averaging it out to 1 star.
So the service is always slow here. If you look at the Zagat review for Abyssinia it actually says they have poor service. AND THEY HAVE THE BALLS TO HANG THAT UP ON THE WALL IN THE DINING ROOM. I shit you not. If you eat there you'll see a zagat review that says basically: food = good. Service = bad.
BELOW IS WHY I'M NEVER GOING BACK
Well, if you ever go with a coupon they try to get you to not use it and that's why I'm never going back. I brought a $25 coupon I purchased off of allmenus.com for $12.50. When I got there they said I wasn't allowed to use it. I explained that they can't do that and I would walk out and not pay then. So they said it's ok and I could use it and gave me a new bill with $27 WORTH OF EXTRA STUFF I NEVER BOUGHT ON IT. I said they gave me the wrong bill and then the owner came out and said that I had to pay that bill. i said he was out of his mind if he thought that could ever work. The owner called the number on the coupon to verify it was real and after he verified it was in fact legit, he said he decided he WAS still not going to honor it and just give me $12.50 off of my bill. I said either they give $25 off OR I walk out and pay nothing. FINAL THREAT. They decided to give me $25 off. 
Fuck that shit dawg.Worth the trip. Those are the most important words. Aside from that, it's a neat little neighborhood restaurant that offers really good food. Looking at a previous review that stated some people get the runs, well, if you haven't the constitution for Ethiopian food - eat at McDonald's [on better thought, don't - you'll still get the runs]. My only complaint with Abyssinia is that the staff can be like an old 1970's Cutlass - slow and unresponsive but the place is so roomy and comfortable, you don't mind as much. Prices are reasonable and portions will leave you FULL. But be aware, this place can be packed from time to time so make sure you park your Cutlass within walking distance as there's no where to sit in the bar area.I took the opportunity last night after a different event to bring my best friend in the world to this restaurant, since it is on our way home. I have previously loved this restaurant and was completely addicted to it. But last night was a complete disappointment. We ordered the meat combo platter. A lot of the dishes were very watery. The beef was too salty. The injera was not nearly sour enough. There was no dressing on the salad. Almost every one of the 7 dishes in the combo platter was different than I remembered it (only one that was pretty similar was the lamb). I ended up asking the waitress, whom I had never seen before, if the cook had changed. She said, "no," then asked me if the dishes were better before or now. I reluctantly had to say it was better then. And didn't add that it was a LOT better then :p. Very disappointed.Despite only having one to two waiters in a place that looks traditionally busy on weekends, the food was so fantastic and for the price it made up for the wait. The vegetarian combo platter is all I've had, so experience in my Ethiopian cuisine is very minimal. It was delicious though. Great bread (Injera), great lentils, chick peas, greens, and potatoes all spread out on more injera. Gotta love it. Also, for future patrons: the portions are big, one veggie combo platter was enough to satisfy me and my friend. Totally worth the very inexpensive $10 or so.
I will be back again.I've been to Abyssinia a couple times. Each time the food is excellent and a great deal. I usually get one of the combination platters with an extra entree to split for the table (2-4 people). I asked for my food to have a bit more heat than usual and they accommodated it perfectly. 
My only reservation is the service is inconsistent. The food is usually on the slower side, but the wait staff is variable. Sometimes, you have to flag them down for water (and remind them you asked) or the check. But other times, my water was never empty and they constantly checked on my table.My mom is Ethiopian and I grew up eating injera so I know how it should taste. I have to say that here I had the worst injera of my life!!! After seeing all the great reviews I tought I would give it a try but this place is for people that don't know anything about traditional Ethiopian food considering the great Ethiopian restaurants near this one I'm sorprise of how they still have customers!Great vegetarian options!  Very authentic Ethiopian food.  Can be crowded at dinnertime on weekends.I do not know Ethiopian food. I have never before eaten in an Ethiopian restaurant. With no points of reference I find it difficult to rate Abyssinia. Abyssinia is a pleasant but unadorned restaurant. You enter through the bar, a space that reminds me of the male only corner bars of almost any small village in Europe or North Africa. Step just beyond the bar up a few stairs to a modest dining room with two distinct settings. The first section is set with wooden tables and very uncomfortable wooden chairs. The back section is set with what must be traditional Ethiopian arrangements: backless saddle chairs arranged around a basket weave stand that will hold the dinner tray.  Our server seated us at a conventional table and presented us with the menu.
With menus in hand we knew that we had no idea of what they described. The front page helpfully described how the food would be presented, but what that food might be was beyond our ken. We announced our ignorance to the server and asked that she might help us.  While her English was sufficient it was not fluid enough for an engaging conversation about the food. We asked that she select something for us. I cannot say for certain which items she proposed but it would seem that it was a kind of medley or combination.  
Drink was another question. What do you have with Ethiopian food? Under the glass table cover a list of beers seemed to suggest that beer was a common dinner companion. But we are not beer drinkers. Again, we asked. The response was not all that clear but tea with cinnamon seemed to be the answer. Yet, our server seemed to say that the tea came at the end of the meal. We went with the suggestion of tea after dinner and settled for just water with dinner.
After a little bit of a wait, long, but not terribly long, our server arrived with a wonderfully large platter: a montage of color and texture and foods. Alongside the massive charger of exotic preparations she presented an oblong plate of Ethiopian bread called "injera."  I call it bread for lack of a better word. Injera looks like extremely large crepes or thin pancakes folded like napkins. Pick them up and the texture, weight and size suggested holding a damp towel. The bread would be not only an accompaniment to the food but would serve as our utensil. Ethiopian food is eaten with the thumb and first two fingers of the right hand with the help of the bread.
Our immense platter offered chicken, lamb, beef and greens. The chicken portion was a leg in a mild red sauce. One of the beef portions was a piece of shank with some meat attached. The other beef portion and lamb portion were two small ground meat servings. The meat portions interspersed with chopped greens circled the perimeter of the platter. The center of the platter featured a mound of chopped lettuce paired with a few cubes of potato and carrot. Between the center and the perimeter several sauces ranging from a red and spicy berbere to a sweet creamed corn filled the rest of the plate.
We tore off our pieces of injera and ventured into the many items on the platter. The tastes were surely interesting and satisfying. But, eventually it became a bit difficult to determine where to dip our bread and our fingers. Everything began to taste the same. The only meat that seemed somewhat different was the chicken. The ground lamb and the ground beef were indistinguishable. Even the greens, couched in the injera bread seemed little different from the meat. The more we ate, as satisfying as it may have been, the more it was eating the same thing. I found nothing distinct or particularly complex. 
After the dinner, we had our cinnamon tea. To my surprise, the tea was nothing more than Lipton's. We also shared a nice slice of baklava for dessert. The bill came to $60 for three, a price that is not excessive. But for that price what did we really receive? Our table saw one chicken leg, a tiny beef shank with barely enough meat for one person and servings of chopped lamb and chopped beef that would barely make a hamburger each.  
Abysinnia is worth the experience of learning about new foods and a different culture. I cannot say that it is a cuisine to which I would return.the food is amazing!! my only advice is to order less not more. the injera bread has the capacity expand in your stomach without warning... ultimately giving rise to food children and the unwanted burp/regurg. 
be prepared to wait close to an hour for the food to come out. and when it does, remember to eat slowly to avoid the aforementioned bloated fate.Fantastic Ethiopian food at great prices. Yes, the service is slow. Don't go here if you want a fast meal. If you want a great meal over a long conversation, this is the place to go.
I used to live in DC, the Ethiopian restaurant capital of the United States. Abyssinia isn't quite as good as what DC offers, but it sure is good.
I think that the food is better than Gojjo, a few blocks away, and definitely better than Dahlak (which is technically Eritrean, I think)...
Four stars for the great food and great prices. One star penalty for the slow service.The food is good, but there was a mouse running around while I was eating the last time and it kinda distracted me from how tasty the food was. 
My food is sometimes unusually cold (no, not warm; cold. Cold like uncomfortable to touch with my hands cold).
I've eaten here at least 7 times now and I'm not sure that I'll be back.The only reason this place doesn't get full stars is because I never want to eat there. 
I always get the vegetarian platter (delicious!!) to go.... Because to be honest, there is better ambiance in my living room.Good food. Veggie combo platter is good.
However the ambiance is not so good, but food makes up for that !!!I love love love Ethiopian food, and Abyssinia does it so well.
Service is slightly slow, but I have never felt neglected here. The atmosphere is casual and nothing to write home about.
The lamb and vegetarian dishes are great. Beer selection is decent enough for a casual restaurant. They give you far more injera than you need. And the prices are so low and the portions are huge. It's never crowded and I have never been 'afraid' to eat the food.
Just remember that you pay up front at the register (the first time I came here I waited for like 20 min before I realized this).... And that you have to walk through the front bar area and up the little steps to get to the dining area. If you haven't been here yet, I HIGHLY recommend trying it.This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food, so I didn't really know what to expect, but I was pretty excited because everything looked good from photos I had seen. I went with a big group of people so we ordered a huge sharing platter and I got to a try a bit of everything. I don't eat meat at the moment, so I basically only got to try the injera with the different selections of vegetables. Honestly, everything was good but I wasn't particularly impressed by anything. Maybe this isn't a fair review since I didn't get to try the meat, but I would say this restaurant is just okay. The service was also incredibly slow- it took us like 20 minutes just to get water. I would come back, but I'm not crazy about this place!Really delicious, try the vegetarian platter.... It's definitely enough for two light-to-regular eaters, and under $10!Went there for the first time the other day with my partner and their family. It was excellent! Between the 4 of us, we ordered 3 of the combination platters. We are all fairly big eaters and it was the perfect amount of food. Had just enough room for some delicious baklava for dessert! Good service as well. I wish I could recall all of the different dishes, but there were so many I don't even know where to start.
 Only disappointment is that they had turned off the espresso machine by the time we had dessert. 
I can definitely see this being a go-to place in West PhillyBeautiful people. Nutritious cuisine. Heaps of drinks.Usually when I go to Abyssinia I get the large Vegetarian platter for 2 and it is delicious! My only criticism is about their staff. They take a long time to take your order and can sometimes come across as unfriendly. However if you can overlook that, then you'll have a great time.I've always left Abyssinia a bit disappointed.  This is largely due to the rave reviews that many - mostly vegetarian - friends and acquaintances have given me of the food here.  It's likely that I'm simply not that into this style of food, as I like Dahlak even less.  On the plus side, the food is cheap and there are plenty of options for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  Unfortunately, the meat is of fairly poor quality - particularly the lamb.  The vegetarian combination platters are quite good though, if a little small.  The service here is pleasant but always slow - regardless of whether or not the dining room is busy.  On the plus side, there is a fully stocked bar which is quite cheap.Let me start by saying that I love the food here. By far my favorite Ethiopian restaurant. The food is wonderful and the prices are decent. I usually come as a party of four or five and we'll order Abysinnia special 2 with two or three additions. Theres always plenty to go around and we only spend about $15.00 dollars each. But, minus one star because the wait time can be ridiculous.Best Ethiopian food I've had in Philly -- veggie platter is great, and nice beer selection as well. injeera just right.  Even the kids loved it.the most important things you need to know about Abyssinia: 
1) you will wait (and wait) for your food to arrive. 
2) it will be worth it.The service was very slow, even at 3:30 PM when I went with 3 friends for a late lunch/early dinner and it was not busy at all.  There was only 1 server and it took her about 20 minutes just to bring out our drinks, and I had to tell her twice what I wanted to drink.  The soda, specifically the coke was flat so it tasted awful!  I don't understand how they can serve flat soda!
The dish I ordered was terrible.  It was the beef and onion mixed with the injera bread.  The beef was not seasoned well, so it tasted awful.  I had a few bites and couldn't bare to eat any more.  If you do not like sour dough bread, you will not like the injera bread, which is made with sour dough.  I tasted my friend's chicken, which was not bad.
I would not return to this restaurant.Nice little neighborhood restaurant with an adjacent full bar.
As others have said before, the food is amazing! I think I had Ethiopian food for the first time here, and I'm already craving it. We ordered a salad, which looked at little bland, but turned out to be seasoned with a delicious, very peppery dressing. We also shared the vegetarian plate, which consisted of a sample of five or six different dishes, all of which were spiced right on-spot. I really liked the Injera bread, too, but beware - it does have the tendency to expand in you stomach. 
No complaints about the service, either. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.Inferior quality,food is not fresh,beef tough,chicken tasted like  yesterday as did the collard greens,salad questionable,lentils tasteless.all in all save your palate and cook some fresh lentil soup at home with fresh baked chicken. I couldn't even finish my meal and absolutely would not consider a doggie bag.I have to to still give 2 stars for the food although we didn't get any this time. I went in with my 11yr old daughter and the back dining area was very hot. The front bar area was wonderfully cool. I asked the woman in the back if we could sit at a table in the bar area and she said ok. We sat down, and the bartender said my daughter couldn't sit there. We have been to countless, bar/restaurants all over Philadelphia and this has never been a problem. Whatever, we grumbled our way to the back and waited for someone to seat us. Then we waited some more and more... After 10 minutes, of no one seeing us, we left. Majorly disappointed!!!Some real authentic Ethiopian food and ambience. Really liked the food and cozy place. Must try the veggie specialVegetarian combo and lamb stew, delicious! You won't be disappointed All the ingredients are fresh and take on a unique flavor.The food was definitely good, the service was definitely lacking.  The food arrives in a community-style eating, so go there with friends and make sure you know how to order, I suggest getting 4-6 entrees to split between a group of 4, it comes on bread that is places in the middle and you can all share from.
That said, the wait staff are not very good, they take forever and are unprofessional.  It's also not the cleanest nor most spacious of places, but if you have time, patience, and can tolerate a bit of clutter, then I'd give it a try.LOVE Abyissinia! Been coming here for many years and always order the veggie combo + spicy beef tibs (combined on one big platter). The service is always friendly and the one waitress is good at remembering what I order each time :D Come and eat in the bar and have a beer while you wait for your food - it takes a little time, but it's worth it! After a great meal, I like to mosey upstairs for a strong after-dinner cocktail. Perfect way to spend an evening.Now granted, I am no expert on Ethopian food, but I really enjoyed my dinner at Abyssinia in West Philly. The vegetarian combo platter was like a beautiful artist pallet of different veggies and bean/lentils served on top of the delicious Injera. It was gigantic but after helping some friends move all day, I devoured it! Seriously, the bread makes it basically ok to eat every last tasty bit on the plate. The service was a little slow but the server was pretty much in charge of the whole dining room, so I can understand. Food was fantastic and reasonably priced, especially for the portions! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I have no other experience with Ethopian food with which to compare it.Insanely delicious.  We usually share a combo or two with some friends to get a taste of everything.  My personal faves are the beef tibs and the kitfo.    The service can be a bit slow eating in and we live in the neighborhood so usually prefer to pick it up as take out.I ordered a meat combination for pickup over the phone and the woman hung up without asking me what sides I wanted.  When I called back to explain that I did not have a chance to pick my vegetarian sides she replied "so do you want to pick your sides or do you want to know what we chose for you?"
When I went to eat my doro and qey wots I discovered as I put what I thought was meat into my mouth that they left in little bones.  I had to dig through the food to pull out the bones by hand.  Incredibly disappointing.  I will never go there again.Well, nice people, food was pretty good.  I am not by any means a critic of Ethiopian food but the sampler seemed to hit all the high points.  Waitress was a little "laid back" so we were delayed a bit (and could not make it to Target on time :( )  We figured the laid back service was consistent with African culture so no worries.  I did not find anyone - staff or customers, even remotely mean.  Even the homeless guy asking for change outside was cordial.
I will definitely be back.
Funny post script: Due to a waitress fowl-up, I was never charged for my meal.  I called today (2 weeks later) to tell them and they've yet to call me back yo.DO NOT GO TO ABYSSINIA !!!  Extremely Poor customer service, tasteless food and a rotten atmosphere. I have been there multiple times and in all occasions, I had to wait 30 mins to get my order in and another hour to get served. I do not think the owners  care about the restaurant or their customers and the waitresses are the perfect reflection of that. In addition, they could have made the place a little inviting and gotten rid of the  funeral home feel. Plus, I really don't like the idea of walking through a shady bar to get to the restaurant. I advise everyone to not go there. There are other better places to enjoy Erhiopian food- Ethio cafe (next door) or Kaffa Crossing at 44th and chestnut.10 am, Ethiopian breakfast (including Ye'inqulal Tibias & a fantastic Foul), beer - what better way to experience the opening match the World Cup?!
super friendly staff, fantastic food, fun patrons - I happily returned several more times for drinks and matches.If you are looking for an authentic Ethiopian experience - this is the place to go.  The tibs are awesome. The comes on a large tray of Injera eaten family style with your hands.  Yeah, the service is slow - but hey, you want an authentic experience right?? All of the waiters/owners are Ethiopian and most times I've been to the restaurant the crowd was too.I love their food only drawback is it takes forever to get serviced if there's only one person at the bar. Overall I prefer Abbasynia to all the other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly. Food is always fresh and delicious.Fantastic restaurant, tremendous portions and very afforable (entrees under $10 per person).   I got the spicy chicken and found it to be amazing.  Eating with your hands is new to some people, but definitely a great place to go with friends.{ International Wednesday Post }
My husband, cousin and I made the trek over to West Philly on November 29th for my first foray into Ethiopian. After carefully reading some reviews on Yelp for the best place to try, we settled on Abyssinia. We shared a giant platter with deliciously marinated meats and vegetables piled on top of a large piece of injea which is like a crepe. I knew the food would not be served with any utensils, but it still was a difficult adjustment. I got weak and begged for a fork, but my request was denied. The place was pleasantly crowded with a lot of families surprisingly. The ambiance was what I expected, not fancy but a little nicer then a hole in the wall. The food was really delicious, but I just couldn't get used to not having a fork!Abyssinia is not for those who lack patience, for with this virtue your palate will not be let down.  
I have been eating at this place for many years now.  I have honestly not tried Dalek, its competition.  I found Abyssinia and I liked it.  
The interior feels like someone's house converted into a seating area.  Its awkward.  Its not hip, it doesnt have clean lines and sharp edges like a Stephen Starr restaurant.  But it feels right.  Abyssinia is not about image at all.  
The chef is the owner's wife.  She prepares your meal as you order it.  She works there every day.  It is that kind of dedication that comes through in the food.  I have frequented this place so often that I no longer even have to place an order.  The waitstaff recognizes me and brings out my favorite - The Veggie Combination Platter + 1 Order of Yedoro Tibs (extra spicy).  
The last two times I was there, the recipe for the chicken seems to have changed.  The sauce feels too thick.  There are less onions.  It doesnt soak into the bread that separates the food from the plate.  While this is somewhat disappointing, I think perhaps it is due to the fact that the kitchen is closer to having a home cooked meal than a tightly prepared entree.  In other words, expect to be surprised.  Sometimes pleasantly.  Unfortunately, in this case, I preferred the older Yedoro Tib recipe.  
However I would recommend Abyssinia to anyone looking for not just exceptional flavors, if perhaps they have never tasted Ethiopian cuisine, but affordable prices.  I have eaten at other Ethiopian restaurants in Washington DC and while the atmosphere seems done up to make it feel more apropos to its setting, they all lacked that special something that Abyssinia has in spades.  But again, remember to be patient.great food, service and atmosphere. tried it for the first time and truly enjoyed my visit. only downside is their limited selection of alcoholic beveragesFirst of all, I used to live above this place years ago, while at Penn, when it was a different Ethiopian restaurant. 
The place is typical of the low-decor, slightly smelly (read: old interior) Ethiopian restaurant that all too common. (For high, high-end Ethiopian, where Kitfo costs $28 but will blow you away, you'd need to visit Makeda's in New Brunswick, NJ -- though only an hour away from W. Philly).
Food, though, is so wonderful, low-key, inexpensive -- all the makings of a pleasant meal. 
I'd give them 5-star review, but they really need to do something about the yucky bathroom (read: finally?; I left Philly, and this restaurant, over 8 years ago!).Abyssinia is a yet another good Ethiopian restaurant in Philadelphia.  I went here last night with two of my friends and a cousin who was visiting in town.  We all are fans of Ethiopian food, and all of us enjoyed our meals.  I ordered the vegi combo - my cousin ordered a salad that came with a LOT of collard greens - and my friends ordered a combo of meat dishes.  The injera was well made, and delicious. The vegi combo dishes were all good - except for this one green lentil that had a weird kick to it.  Other than that, I was really happy with my meal, and found it to be moderately priced.  The only complaint I perhaps have is that they gave you sort of small portions for an Ethiopian place.  Usually seem to have a lot more food on my plate - granted I was full, but still.    They do have a full bar, and a large extensive menu.  The ambiance leaves little to desire, but it's a comfy, enjoyable, yummy place to go!Delicious Ethiopian food and at a bargain price.  This is a little gem tucked away somewhere where UCity meets West Philly.  Service is quick and very nice.  Also if you're checking out Fiume upstairs they'll bring it to you at the bar.As a vegan this place was a gem. The food was definitely tasty! And I'll always recommend people to come here and try their food. But in comparison to some other ethiopian places I've had this one was mediocre. Maybe I got spoiled in california? The spices weren't as intense and the portions were smaller for a similarly priced dish. But by all means, if you're in Philly this is a reliable spot for good food.First time eating Ethiopian food and it was pretty delicious. We tried the meat combo along with a sweet chicken curry dish as well as a lamb dish. Everything was perfectly seasoned, flavorful, and spicy. The meat combo came with 3 meats and 3 veg dishes. Everything was served with injera (a thin, moist, crepe like) which was lemony. 
Service was good, but a bit slow. Overall, yummy food.This is a great spot.  Very friendly staff, very quick service, a full bar, and delicious food.  Great vegetarian options, but if, like me, you prefer the meat... you are in for a treat.  The lamb options are fantastic.  Don't be turned off when you walk through the bar... the dining area is quiet and clean.  Price is very reasonable... I recommend the Abyssinia Special (#1 or #2) which runs about $12 or $13 and features a nice blend of the veggie and meat options.  That with a $3.50 glass of the house wine makes for a nice, fun, tasty and different day out. 
If you have never tried Ethiopian food... try it!  You will love it!(4) ~ very good Ethiopian Food and inexpensive.  The Doro Wot & Coffee are great!  Only complaint is the SLOW service...This place has great food, however slow service. You must have an open schedule when eating here because they are sooooooo slow. However, the food is so good, its worth the waitIf I could, I'd give Abyssinia 2.5 stars, if only because I gave its competitor, Dahlak, 3 stars, and Dhalak is clearly the better restaurant. 
Abyssinia has a few legs up on the Dahlak, though. First, its much more accessible than the big D, and I'd actually feel safe walking there from the University of Pennsylvania campus late at night. Second, it's a slightly brighter, more traditional dining experience, with plenty of room to accommodate bigger parties. 
The bad part? The service is weak. And it can't just be me, because everyone I know says this about the place. You can wait as much as 45 minutes to get all your food on the table, and the plain, rarely full restaurant offers little to keep you amused during that huge, unexplainable time period (except beer). The injeri is nothing out of the ordinary, either, although I love the product itself so much that I would rarely complain.
Abyssinia also has a bar upstairs, which, thematically, has nothing to do with the Ethiopian food served below, but it does seem to draw in some interesting characters.  
Another pro, I guess, is that, despite its convenient location, University City people tend to be much more familiar with Dahlak, so if you're looking for a more low-key Ethiopian vibe, it's probably worth checking out Abyssinia.Delicious, Inexpensive Ethiopian Cuisine In Laid Back Setting
Enjoy the Adventure!
I was introduced to Abyssina's about two years ago, and although I was a little nervous trying Ethiopian for the first time - especially in a hole-in-the-wall in University City - I fell in love and have been back various times.  At first glance Abyssina's may not appear to be a great restaurant, and if ambiance and sparkling china is what you're looking for, this isn't your place.  But if you're looking for good Ethiopian food, cheap wine/beer and delicious baklava, then this is most definitely your place!  And bonus points for it being really affordable too!  
I suggest trying the Abyssina Special # 2, which comes with a variety of spiced meat dishes and well seasoned veggies and lentils.  At this point I believe I've tried all the lentils and peas they have and enjoy them all.  My must-have dishes are the Ye misir wot (split lentils in berbere sauce, basil, garlic, onions & spices), Ye atikilt wot (veggies in tomatoes, ginger, garlic & turmeric sauce), Yebega qey wot (lamb stew in berbere & spices).  Some other favorites are the Kifto done well instead of rare (spiced beef), Doro Wot (spicy chicken in berbere), Ye Gomen Wot (collard greens, onions, garlic, olive oil) & Azifa (brown lentils, jalapenos, onions, spices).  Even the simple salad has a light flavorful dressing, which is a delicious compliment to round out the meal.  
I always get my food combined with the others and served on the injera (crepe like bread with slight sourdough taste that you can scoop the food into your mouth with).  Although my boyfriend gets too filled up on the injera, I absolutely love when it gets soaked with all the spicy juices from the lamb and lentils.  Some of my favorite bites are toward the end when I can take this spice soaked crepe and scoop up two of my favorite dishes together in one perfectly blended spicy bite!  
Last night I tried the baklava for the first time and was pleasantly surprised by the price, size and quality!  It was a huge chunk, with many layers of flaky phyllo dough, they didn't skimp on the nuts and it was soaked with an abundance of sweet honey.  Delicious!  For $2.50 I will definitely get it again, but probably to go, since I am always so full when I leave.  
My service last night was the best I've ever had there.  She was prompt in seating us, filling our water, taking our order and bringing the food!  This has never happened before when I've gone.  Typically there's a wait for everything, including getting seated, getting water, ordering drinks, ordering food and then receiving the food and the check.  So, my advice is to expect to wait and enjoy a leisurely meal.  Don't come here if you're rushing off to see a movie or need to get home by 9PM for American Idol!  :)  
The decor is outdated and it's not the cleanest restaurant ever, but I've never had a problem with the food or any of the plates, cups or silverware.  The table cloths are sometimes stained and some of the chairs are broken, there's uneven paint on the wall and dingy curtains.  The restroom is a bit shady, up a flight of steps and although it's never been disgustingly dirty, I'm always anxious to leave it and get back to my table.  This is a true hole-in-the-wall, so again, I have to stress, come here for the food and conversation with your friends, not the ambiance and you'll be completely satisfied.  
Although I live past Manayunk, I make the trip to University City just to come here and dine with the eclectic crowd.  I 100% recommend trying this place whether you're a veteran Ethiopian eater or a novice.  Visit some thrift shops on the streets nearby, or check out an ethnic grocery store and make an afternoon of it!  Enjoy the adventure.I was really looking forward to trying Abyssinia but was pretty disappointed.  I went on a weekday during regular dinner hours, and the place was empty. And, though the waitstaff didn't have anyone else to focus on, we were ignored.  The food was interesting (as most Ethiopian food), but had this underpinning sour-ish vinegar-like taste to everything.  The chicken dish was the best part of what we ordered, but everything else left a bad taste in my mouth.  It may have been a fluke, and I might give it another try on a weekend or with a large group, but only if pressured to by a friend.My friend and I came here because Ethio cafe was closed. We got the gored gored. We ordered it medium rare, swear that it came out straight rare. It was very spicy, and the portion was a bit smaller than I expected. Qey wot is pretty delicious, would probably opt for that if I came here again. Tonight, there was one server for a banquet lol, not sure why the staffing was so low. Very slow service. In terms of other Ethiopian places in the area, I recommend Queen of Sheba (don't let the outside fool you) or Dahlak. Both are a lot tastier.Waited 30 mins for water, then another hour for the food!!! .. I haven't had Ethiopian food before and might never try it again because the food I got was TERRIBLE and lacked decent presentation. To make things worse, I had a stomach bug the next morning. So I definitely won't be going back there!This is the best Ethiopian food in West Philly. Cheap prices and wide selection. I recommend the veggie platter!Glacially slow service whipped up by servers that genuinely could not care less. Small portions of "Meh" quality Ethopian food. The traditional seating stools are VERY UNCOMFORTABLE. Second time there, we wont be back.By far one of the best Ethiopian restaurants in Philadelphia. Always consistently delicious. Great customer service. Great prices.Pretty good food, i have had better Ethiopian, but i would still go back if they could promise to improve the (fucking) service. Everything was flavorful and tasty, especially the vegetarian combo. Zilzil tibs were nice and spicy but a bit chewy. Some strands were like 6" dinosaur pieces. But still its all forgiven if i didnt have to wait 15 minutes to get a water and another 30 for the food. It wasnt even busy. Between the bar and dining room....maybe 7 people?  Unacceptable. Food was a 3.5, service was a zero.Let me just start by saying that I would never come back to this place!! I love Ethiopian food and have eaten at some very authentic and great places. When i moved to Philly I wanted to find a good Ethiopian restaurant and we came to try this place. The food was horrible and the service was worse. The waitress slammed the food down at our table after they took more than an hour to get our food. The food itself was a bad version of an Indian curry! Don't waste ur time and money here.I visited in the afternoon to try the vegetarian combination plate. It was a nice, varied arrangement, more puréed than most and blander. The dominant taste was vinegar from the salad. Quiet in the restaurant area which is arrived at by way of a fairly popular bar. Note that the washrooms are up a flight of stairs.I tried Abyssinia once after looking for an alternative to my usual Ethiopian restaurant - Kaffa Crossing. I purchased the doro wat with the vegetarian combo. Most of the veggies were good but the doro wat wasn't seasoned as expected. It was very bland. I guess I am used to the delicious flavors Kaffa Crossing has to offer. 
Abyssinia is worth a try but I am definitely going to stick to my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philly - Kaffa Crossing.Was really disappointed with this place. We went there as a group of 7 ppl. They were having some problem with their heating system and it was soo cold inside. The cleanliness of this place was also sub par. I really don't care about all these factors if the food is great but the food was the worst I ever had. Won't recommend to anyoneHow hard is it??? I called and ordered food to go: Golman & Shiro.  I get there it isn't even ordered.  I stand there and I stand there after I have repeated the order yet again thinking it is on its way to me.  Then I finally say: How long will it be?  Waitress says another 10 minutes.  Me: Ok so can I pay for it because my car is running and I have my dog in my car and I don't want to get a ticket.  Then she asked me if I have cash.  No I don't have cash.  How much is it? $10 minimum & I look at the ticket she has written up for me and it says: Shiro $8.50.  Oh My God...She didn't order the 2 things I not only called before driving all the way over here nor was it made for me and then when I repeated myself and stood there waiting all that time she still didn't order the 2 things I asked for only one of them.  WTF?!?! I just took my card out of her hand and said: NO this is ridiculous!!! Never again with this place!worst kitfo in America..The bar upstairs is ok.slooow service .I enjoy this place partly because it's right there and the other part it has good food.  Very comforting to eat with your hands.  The restaurant intself is fairly spacious, always people there but never packed.  The drawback again is the wait, maybe to get you really hungry for the food so go with good company.
Also, go enjoy the bar upstairs, it looks like it should be in my living room!Food is good, not great. The flavor is a bit one-note, but if you're unaccustomed to Ethiopian food, I suppose it would seem fine.
My food arrived very cold and somewhat congealed. All of our injera was cold. Our unapologetic waitress microwaved my dinner, and returned it nearly 10 minutes later.
The service is slow, and our waitress was inattentive.
If you are looking for good Ethiopian food, just go next door! Ethio Cafe is the best Ethiopian I've ever had. The portions are bigger, the prices lower, and the woman who runs the business is so warm and wonderful. Why bother with Abyssinia with so many other great options nearby?Best Ethopian food in Philly. You have to come here. I've had food from other restaurants and there is nothing like this one.It's been a while since I've been here, but I really enjoyed it last time I went. I had no idea I'd like Ethiopian food or ground up chick peas, but this food adventure turned out really well for me. The food is also a great value for the price.Best Ethiopian restaurant in philadelphia! I love the vegetarian platter and if I get it to go, it usually lasts two or more meals!  I just wish they had more options for delivery!Abyssinia is the best Ethiopian joint in West Philly and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. My favorite dishes are the raw kitfo and the vegetarian combo. Make sure you order the kitfo raw though, because otherwise -- sorry, hate to break it to you -- you are a huge pussy.
Yeah, sometimes there's gon' be a wait for food. Deal with it. Or better yet, visit more often and be nice to the wait staff, because I've found that the more they like you, the better the service. Either way, as long as I've got a cocktail I don't mind waiting a bit longer for my food. I think the longest we've waited was 45 minutes on a busy night. Assholes will wait for brunch at places like Sabrina's for up to two hours so I don't know how this is any different.
Oh, and it goes without saying, but Fiume upstairs? GIANT PLUS.One of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Philly. On par with DC standards (but the DC homers will never admit it haha). The service here is the killer; it seems like a normal restaurant, but it the service is like any ethnic dive --- so be ready to order when you get the menus, or be ready to flag down the waitress as she walk by.
The food is very good - I prefer the Abyssinia #2 combo (the combo with kitfo) and the lamb stew. Don't overdo it with the injera - it really expands in your stomach after like 10 mins.
Random awesome bar is upstairs (Fiume).This is where I had my first experience of Ethiopian dining, and I have to say I liked it a lot. The concept revolves around sharing together in a relaxing and very laid back manner. Don't let the old school appearance of this place fool you. Actually, the food is always fresh and great. You might think it's a bit pricey the first time looking at the menu, but they give a very generous serving because it's meant to be shared. Anything listed under the combination platter, for example, is definitely more than enough to feed 3 hungry people. Overall, I'm very satisfied with my visit, and would definitely come back in the future.My favorite of the Ethiopian restaurants in the neighborhood. I always get the vegetarian combo and I am never disappointed. If I were rating JUST the food, I would give it five stars.
The rest? The decor is atrocious, the seats uncomfortable, and the stairs to the bathroom feel like they might cave in at any second. Expect to wait around 45 minutes to get your food, and expect that at least once, someone on the staff will look at you as if they hope you'll get jumped by a pack of hipsters from the Green Line across the street.
But you know, you go because it's good food, and because there's alcohol.This is a 4 and a half. I loved it. Atmosphere was cozy and relaxed and the shared food made it even more enjoyable. Server wasn't slow at all and was very respectful. I can't wait to go back.I used to live in West Philly and, well, that whole West Philly scene just wasn't for me. There just didn't seem to be much to do over in that neck of the woods, and to each his own by all means. However, Abyssinia and the little bar above it , Fiume, were two of my favorite haunts. I love the vegetarian platter at Abyssinia, and the only reason why I am giving the place 3 stars is because the service is just god-awful and slow as molasses! If you just need a quick meal this is not the place to go. I have waited up to 1&1/2 hours just to get a plate of food at Abyssinia. The upside to that is if you want to meet a friend to catch up over dinner, this is the place to go because you will get to chat it up forever...
...and ever...
...and EVER...
until your food finally gets to you.I've decided Abyssinia won. It was due to the discovery of the upstairs bar with the huge selection of tasty beers from all over the world. Chimay and Ethiopian... Priceless. I was a Dahlak fan but it hasn't been the same since the passing of the owner. Not to mention REALLY Dirty...
And since I'm not a west PHillthy hippy or wannabee hippie i don't dig the outside at Dahlak either.
The food At Abyssinia is fresher, plumper, more meat, tastier and just downright better.I've been twice now, each time was excellent. We got the Abyssinia Special #2 (which has collard greens, lentils, split peas, and beef tips) and doro wat (chicken) each time. Some of the dishes definitely have a kick to them, even more so once you start to eat the injera that has been soaking up all the sauces... To be honest, this is the only eastern African restaurant I've ever been to, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but I do know that it's absolutely delicious. The service is pretty slow, but that's just how it is. It's also really inexpensive. The Abyssinia special + doro wat was less than $30, and it more than enough food for me and my husband (who has a huge appetite). Give yourself plenty of time and enjoy!An Ethiopian/African restaurant. 
Best in larger groups so you get plenty of their spongy bread in. It's definitely somewhat of an acquired taste, though, as many people had specific favorites - there's a mix of bitter, meaty, spicy, salty, and sweet tastes on the large trays, and the selection doesn't change too much from visit to visit.
The restaurant is dark, though, although I'm not sure how the ambiance would be with more light. Rose water is a nice touch on many of the plates and in drinks. The seating is definitely bad for my back, though, I think.This is where you take your friend or date for a relaxed, slow paced meal.  Once you order, it'll be a bit before your food finds its way to the table, so chat, relax, have a drink, and appreciate that you are going to leave happily stuffed on tasty food for a modest tab, and that you can dress comfy too.  By and large, the servers are pleasant, amble along slowly but consistently, and the kitchen is not swift, but the food is worth the wait while you chill.
I don't have an experienced palate to know what is good versus bad in Ethiopian cooking.  All I can tell you is that we have eaten at a few such places, and consider the food here the best.  The veg platters and the kitfo are very, very good.  Don't be put off by other reviews saying you have to get the kitfo as it is served in Ethiopia (minced beef served raw and hot).  I ask for it to be cooked til the pink is gone, and request mild spicing, and they are happy to accommodate.
Yeah, the building is a little down at heel, and the bathrooms seem rickety, but presumably you came for the food, not the toilet or ambiance, so enjoy.
If you are veg, you will have zero problems finding food here.  If you are low carbing, there's lots of meat but go easy with the injeera bread.  The nature of Ethiopian food is such that you almost have to eat it unless you spoon all your food.  I knew from reading that injeera is whole grain because the grain (called teff) is so teensy it can't be cracked anyway.  That's decent since it has the hull and the fiber slows the digestion of it, so it won't crank your blood sugar as quickly as other breads.  Still, it will affect your blood sugar.
One time, my companion and I, both diabetic, got 10 extra injeera to take home, and in the course of the week that we parceled out that injeera, we both rapidly gained weight.  The lesson is to recognize that it is still a starch, and even if a better starch, it still catches up to people whose bodies are sensitive to carbs or who have elevated natural insulin, so be bad one night if you must, but don't take more injeera home, tempting though it is.I'm a bit torn because the food was delicious here but the service is horrendous! And I've been twice and both times have had shotty service.
The first time I went in the afternoon on a Saturday, so I assumed because they weren't very busy the server was slacking a little bit. We told the server what we'd like and she said she didn't have any of those options, so we asked her what she did have and she responded with what do you want? We told her already what we wanted so we were confused by the response. Ended up getting a veggie combo and some lamb thing. All delicious of course. The injera was a bit dry, but I contribute that to being there early on a Saturday.
The 2nd time I went I got take out. I got a veggie combo and beef tibs. Food was amazing and I wish I could eat it for every meal of my life but again, awful service! I had to wait for about ten minutes to pick up my food and then the server immediately walked away after I signed my credit card and did not return for a minute or two. So I assumed the bag of take out, which had my order receipt resting on top of it, was mine. So I took this and walked out. I was almost home (which mind you, took about 20 minutes) when I get a call saying that's not your food, turn around. Talking to my mom later I should have just said I already started eating it and left. But damn it, I wanted my food!
But bad service aside, the food is realllyyyyyy amazing! So flavorful and the injera was much better the 2nd time around. Definitely going to come back despite the crappy serivce.I've eaten at other Ethiopian restaurants and this place wasn't that good. The vegetables were puréed to the point where it just appeared to be slop and some of it was cold. The meat combo was also lacking at other places they serve larger chunks of food. The restaurant itself was dingy and the curtains were dirty. The staff served us right away but seemed a bit standoffish. There are plenty of other Ethiopian restaurants that offer better quality food at the same reasonable price.I am not super familiar with the ethiopian food; however, this place is excellent and most of the guest seemed to be ethiopian, so my guess t is authentic. It has a nice bar upstairs. I did not know what to order and the waitress was really helpful. One of my favorite places in philly. Be cautious if you don't like spicy foodMy experience at this restaurant was sub-par. We had been there before for the dive bar upstairs, but this was our first time at the restaurant.  My friend and I walked in on a late Saturday night, and it was pretty empty.  There were 2 staff sitting near the entrance.  We were expecting a greeting and maybe a question as to how many in our party, but instead, it was the 2 staff looking at me and my friend not really saying anything.  I didn't know who was supposed to seat us, or maybe we were supposed to seat ourselves--I don't know.  After some awkward silence, I finally asked them for a table for 2 and if we could sit anywhere.  Then one of them silently leads us to a table. There is somewhat of a language barrier with the waitress.
After we got the menu and decided on what we wanted, we had to wait a while for the waitress.  I eventually had to flag her down to take our order.  During this entire time, no one brought any water for us.  Because of the language barrier, the waitress couldn't answer some of our questions, and when I asked if she could make everything we ordered extra spicy, she kept answering the question as if I was asking her if everything was spicy.  I eventually gave up on that request.  In addition to our food, I also asked for some water and some drinks.  The water eventually came while we were waiting for our food, but the drinks never did.  A party of 4 came in after us, but they got their drinks before us.
The food arrived relatively quickly. I had to remind the waitress about our drink order.  We ordered one of the platters, but compared to other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, these were rather small portions, however the platter prices seemed cheaper than those other places.  But, I was still left looking at the food as if I could clear it out myself without sharing.  Everything tasted good; none of it was bad.  Was it the best I ever tasted? Not even close, but I can't complain about the overall taste. 
Street parking may be tough, but you could drive around and find something.  The restaurant is clean and cozy.  Not too bad at all.  Overall, the service was bad, the food is ok, the environment/ambiance is ok.It's actually rather difficult to find Ethiopian food in Philly, but I'm glad a friend recommended Abyssinia.  
Don't let the outside aesthetics deter you - there is good food waiting inside, I promise!  
The best deals are probably the combo platters, as you can sample a variety of their offerings, both meat and vegetarian.  Although I found the beef tips to be very spicy, the chicken was excellent and so were the collard greens.  Booze-wise, I ordered a red wine and was brought one of those mini Woodbridge "to-go" bottles, which I was down with, especially for $5.  
I'll echo some other reviews about the service - mediocre at best.  But to be fair, there were only 1 or 2 waitresses working.  We didn't wait long for our food and went on a Friday night during dinner time.  Overall, a solid experience.Good place for Ethiopian food in Philadelphia, although not quite up to Washington DC standards.  Our favorites include the lamb tibs, the special tibs, and the Key Wot.  Meat dishes each come with a small side of two vegetarian dishes, on pretty good injera.  Service is slow and there is little ambiance of which to speak, but the food makes the trip well worthwhile.  So far the best remaining Ethiopean restaurant in Philadelphia, in my opinion (I miss Meskerem!).Excellent food - it's just as good as a lot of the Ethiopian food in DC. The service is slow, and the ambience is nothing special, but don't let that deter you.
We went for lunch and my group ordered a vegetarian combo, doro wat, raw gored gored, and foul (from the brunch menu). Everything tasted great, but the foul (fava beans with vegetables, spices and butter stirred in) was really the highlight for me - I've never had it in DC and it was AWESOME. I could just eat a bowl of that for breakfast every day.
It's also super cheap, at least by DC standards - the meal ended up being under $10 a person. I would gladly eat here again.Huge lover of Ethiopian food. This place is a must. Simply delicious.Let's establish something from the get...
1. It may be busy.
2. They don't have a huge staff.
3. It's an East African spot... service may be somewhat leisurely.
If you're cool with that and know It's all bout the food you'll be straight.
Pros... Their kitfo is to die for. They do lamb very well. The berbere is very good... umm... did I mention the kitfo is to die for.
Cons... The injera has just a slight sour. I assume they use a little less teff,(sour tasting Ethiopian grain) than some... but it is still decent, and their greens are a little bland... those are my biggest negatives here... which are minute. 
Great place to come to with a group of people, gather 'round a messob, relax, have some drinks, and enjoy some great Ethiopian fare.
2 more things... 
1.The prices are outstanding.
2.The kitfo is to die for!Delicious food, great atmosphere, such sweet service! A really wonderful and fun place to eat and hang out with friends. The entire restaurant was clean and warm and very pleasant, even late into the evening with the bar packed above the restaurant! I've been a few times and always had a lovely experience with the quality of the food and the service. I've done three shared platters for six people (we were so stuffed after!!) and I've had one shared platter for two people - a better ratio! It was very affordable and great fun to share the different types of food!I went here for the first time yesterday, after hearing such great things about it.  My table ordered the combination platters and shared everything.  It comes out on a huge plate with all the meats, vegetables, sauces on top of the injera bread.  They give you some injera on the side too.  The idea is to take the bread and grasp whatever combination of meats, sauces and vegetable you can into it.  There are no utensils so you should be comfortable with eating with your hands and your companion's hands.  
The dinner was awesome and I can't wait to go back.  The wait for the food was quite long.  Although I understand that's because everything is made as you order it.  I believe you can call and order in advance though.  They do in fact have alcohol there, so if you have good company, and a couple of beers, the wait will seem insignificant when the food comes out.The food is really good. The vegetarian combo is very good. It's almost 4 stars but not quite because it really is slow. My friends and I come here a lot and it ends up taking all night. There are other Ethiopian places that are just as good and are quicker.I hate when I write reviews of places and then they disappear from yelp!
I love this place. It's affordable, more than you can eat, and good for an intimate/fun date, because you have to eat with your hands, usually off the same platter.
Combo platters range in contents from spicy to mellow, making it easy to switch up when your palette needs a break, or to share different aspects when one of you isn't in the mood.
Moderately priced, but worth it because all that injera that fills you up like no one's business. I want to ask for a fork sometimes for when I only have a little room left.
Last time I went, there was virtually no wait in any way... our food was basically instantly there. But we got there almost as the first customers, and they were prepping for a group, so I guess it was dumb luck.
Every time I'm there, a group of international travelers comes in, and a huge group of students on a trip or with orientation or something. I MEAN HUGE (20-35). I don't get it. But it quickly kills the atmosphere. :-/
They feature a bar, I think.As soon as you step in you are not 100% sure what to do. Do you wait? do you seat yourself? it's all a little unclear. The hostess wasn't super helpful but she did end up seating us without a wait (we went at a time where it was pretty empty.) 
We ended up getting a non veg combo platter and it was pretty good. it definitely satisfied the Ethiopian craving but I wouldn't say it was the best I've had. 
the reason I mostly liked it was because the portions were big enough for two and were very reasonably priced.The first time I went to Abyssinia, the food was pretty solid. I am Eritrean and tried kitfo (raw meat) for the first time at Abyssinia and it was pretty good. But then everytime after that, the food was just awful. Here's the thing, I think because they serve a predominately non-Ethiopian crowd, they don't cook the food as well as they can. They get lazy with the ingredients. Throwing way too much onions into the sauces making them sweet, serving raw meat that tastes like it's been sitting at room temperature for an hour, and injera that is so thin you have to eat twice as much. Service is slow, which would be acceptable if the food was up to par. Eat at your own risk.....Really excellent food for a great price! Options for vegetarians abound, and carnivores won't be disappointed either.
They have a vegetarian sampler dish and a carnivore sampler dish, two combo dishes and a side is plenty of food for a party of four.I've been to many Ethiopian restaurants in my life.
I judge an Ethiopian restaurant on their national dish called Kitfo. It's a raw meat dish but can be prepared rare (leb-leb). I usually get yemisir wat (a lentil dish) to accompany my meat dish as sides.
Their kitfo is by far the best I've ever had. I go every week, and their food is always delicious as usual. Their staff is friendly and always welcoming to me.
I recommend ordering a coffee (called bunna) to finish the meal. 5/5 no question.This is definitely one of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Philly.  The Doro Wot I had was really good, full of flavor.  I have to agree with most people who have posted that the service is SLOW! That's the only reason why I'm not giving Abyssinia 5 stars.  My boyfriend and I ate there twice and both times it took at least 10 minutes after ASKING  for the check to receive it.  It does take awhile for the food to come out as well, but it was never cold and tasted like it was just made.  The staff have always been pleasant and friendly.  I would recommend this restaurant, but if you're coming on your lunch break and in a rush, I would recommend another place because they are just too slow!Really delicious Ethiopian food at reasonable prices, with a liquor license. My husband is a vegetarian and we always get the veggie combo platter and eat every bite down to the metal plate. Everything tastes fresh with refined seasoning, and the service is pleasant and quick.  The decor is nothing special, but hey, it's an ethnic food restaurant in West Philly, what do you expect?  This is our go-to Ethiopian-fix.This was a really good place to visit for some yummy Ethiopian food. The atmosphere is lovely, with just the right amount of artifacts. The food was delicious and served the traditional style - with lots of injera.  We went with a group of friends, all veg, who enjoyed a lot of food. The wait staff was undaunted by our special requests and worked hard to ensure that we had a good time with a lot of good food. The price was right too, and on street parking is available within a block or so.yes, the service is terrrrrrrrribly slow. but i've never had a rude waitress. in fact, they always seem really happy to see me. their vegetarian platter is cheap and super filling. when i used to eat meat, i had doro wot several times, and that was awesome, too, and not too spicy for my wimpy mouth. i choose it over dahlak every time, not just because it's closer, but because i've been seriously ripped off at dahlak before. abyssinia is also our place to take out-of-towners, and none of them have ever been disappointed with their experience.The food here is pretty good, but the service is a bit on the slow side (come on people, we need inefficiency here!).  The Yedoro tibs are very nicely seasoned and tender.  Amongst the vegetarian dishes, the collard greens and lentils are quite flavorful and go well with the injera.  Personally, I found the injera to be a bit too spongy for my taste.  Overall, there is nothing remarkable about this place.  It has Ethiopian food, maybe even decent Ethiopian food but I would not go out of my way to come here.Food: 3 stars. Service: 1 star. Been going here for over a decade and stuff takes FOREVER to arrive. I understand that great food takes time to prepare, and many restaurants cover their asses by bringing you something to nosh on  in the meantime--an appetizer, a salad, whatever. Abyssinia always brings everything around an hour after it's ordered, first one person's food, and then two more, and so on, until most people have what they requested. Often someone's left in the lurch and has to ask for their ful or eggs again, and then it's another wait. And if you want coffee or tea or juice don't expect it to come until after you've eaten, if it comes at all. Why do I keep coming here? Because the food's pretty good, folks are nice, and Ikeep hoping that they took a course in restaurant management. But if you want great food that arrives at the table in time to satisfy your hunger, head to Kaffa Crossing.I'm confused what to rate Abyssinia. Their food is delicious. I especially love their doro wot and their veggie platters. However, the service can be quite bad. You may not see a waitress in the entire restaurant for 20 minutes straight. Your water may never be refilled, your food might take a while to come out, or you may have to wait forever to get your check or be seated. I've also found their serving sizes to vary dramatically. It's like no matter how many different dishes your order, they try to fit it onto just a few platters of injera, even if you're trying to order enough for a large group. So you end up just getting less volume per dish order if you order for a large number of people than with just 2 people, despite paying the same amount per person. Overall, amazing food, bad service.Great food, crappy service.
We live around the corner and get take out pretty often. We've eaten inside a couple of times too. The food is always excellent, and the service is usually lousy.
Yesterday I got a take out order totaling about $35. I paid debit. I got home and realized I needed more injera. Went back and they got an order ready for me and the bill came to about $2.50. No problem, but I don't have any cash on me, so I'd like to pay debit again. Their response: no way, minimum charge $10. But I just paid you $35, I protested. They wouldn't budge. Either buy something else to get your order over $10 or go around the corner to the ATM machine that gouges you on fees. So this is how they treat their customers, and this is why I eat there once a month instead of once a week.
If you sit in the restaurant, plan on bringing a book or something because your order will take for EVER. This is good to know if you plan on bringing kids, who might get impatient.
If you order takeout, you can be assured that they won't start prepping your order until you get there, regardless of how far in advance you order. You'll never get in-and-out.
So, yeah, great food and all, but they really don't act excited to have your business. Whatever.Let me start by saying that I love the food here. By far my favorite Ethiopian restaurant. The food is wonderful and the prices are decent. I usually come as a party of four or five and we'll order Abyssinia special 2 with two or three additions. Theres always plenty to go around and we only spend about $15.00 dollars each. But, minus one star because the wait time can be ridiculous.Great food. Good service. Amazing veggie options. I have been to 4 or 5 Ethiopian restaurant and this would be probably be 1 or 2(the other one is in Chicago)
Only negative. Poor restroomsI ate here on Saturday night. It was the 5th or 6th time I had come in and the place is remarkably consistent. I love the food here and would come in two or three times a week if it weren't for one absolutely consistent problem. The service. Continents can reform between the time one orders and the food is put down at the table. The food is always fresh, interesting, deliciously spiced, and beautifully presented. Did I mention the service was slow? For those who like it hot, they provide a hot sauce made from a combination of mombassa and harissa that is tasty but not tastebud killing. But the service is just ... so ... slow. The slow service would be slightly less bad if the food did not come out randomly. Sometimes four or five tables that sat down after you get served before you. But make no mistake, they are not getting fast service. They are not even getting service faster than you. You are getting service slower than them. Now for those who are unfamiliar with Ethiopian food, you might say that how fast the food comes out is a matter of what you order. Not so. Ethiopian food is not made a la minute. It is slow cooked, more like Indian food. The food hangs out in large pots all day reducing down to perfect deliciousness. The food comes out hot , usually so the problem is not in the front of the house getting the food from the kitchen to the table. I suspect that each platter is made up individually so it is perfect when it arrives. It just arrives slowly. Go there before you are hungry. Nurse a beer from their surprisingly good list. Come with interesting company so you can talk for a while. Bring a chess board or a backgammon table. Bring your journal or your iPad. The food will arrive eventually. It will be delicious. But the service ... slow.I believe that atmosphere and ambiance is as much part of experience of ethnic food, as the food itself. When in Abyssinia not only do I feel like we are getting a good look at the food as it is enjoyed in Ethiopia, but also the setting, that only enriches the experience. My wife and i have been here multiple times, and most definitely will be back.In a neighborhood full of Ethiopian restaurants, Abyssinia remains the best. Still my top choice for delicious vegetarian friendly meals.This is definitely my favorite Ethiopian jawn in the neighborhood when it comes to food (Dahlak serves COLD injera!!). However, the service is SUPER slow, so I rarely eat in the dining room. Instead I usually order take-out and have a drink at the bar while I wait. I have tried calling ahead to place my order so it's ready when I arrive, but I find that the food is ready faster when I am actually inside the restaurant waiting for it. The decor also leaves a lot to be desired. But, I still love this place. And I love that it is right down the street from my house.From what I understand, any Ethiopian Restaurant is only as good and authentic as its Kitfo (thanks Sam).  And if I had to rate this Kitfo I'd say it was a complete success.  Lets get something clear, if you're gonna order Kitfo then please don't be bore and eat it in its traditional and raw state.  The way it's eaten in its homeland and the way it should be eaten here in the states (raw).  .  I couldn't stop eating the many different dishes we ordered and by the end of the food-fest I was stuffed (I think I still am stuffed, wheewww!).  We had a mixture of raw Kitfo and other meats including great lamb dish, along with many of the vegetarian dishes which were some of the tastiest veggie dishes I've ever tasted.  I love the family style served on a single platter for everyone to pick at with their own fingers.  
I'll warn you that this isn't a Steven Star restaurant so don't expect a polished palace with all the decorative elements we all connect (wrongly) with a "good" restaurant.  If there's one thing I'm learning is that a good authentic, ethnic restaurant should appear the way it would in its homeland.  That means no disco balls, no fish tanks, no fancy paintings, no chandeliers, no upholstered chairs and sofa's, no dancing/singing waitresses, and not even a candle or flower on your table.  How about this:  JUST GOOD AUTHENTIC FOOD!   Isn't that what this is about? 
Abyssinia is good, authentic Ethiopian food served as it would be to their families back home.  What more could you ask for other then some good home cooking.  List me as a huge fan, and I'll be back again real soon (that's a hint Sam).Be prepared to wait. The service is slow and they will not be hurried. Some nights have been quicker than others, but after a couple of times, I just started working around it and planning to spend awhile there. The food has always been consistently good.  I will say, however, that it's much better with a group. Some of my fondest memories of this place involve four of my friends, two Brooklyn Lagers in, around an empty dish of food. They're generous with the bread, so never fear about that. Also, it's better than the other Ethiopian/Eritrean food in West Philly.This is it as far as I'm concerned... home after home... get the special tibs and you'll be on course for the best meal in the neighborhood.. both for taste and value... can't miss with this gem of a spot!... just expect to wait a little for the food... and don't expect too much atmosphere.. but then again we're here to eat aren't we?Oh man! What an experience. This place is seriously cool. You eat the food here with your hands and what a good time it is! The food is delicious and spicy. There service is pleasant. The atmosphere isn't the greatest but once your start eating nothing else matters.Wandered upon this place on a late dare search for food and it was such an unexpected gem. 
Food was delicious,  inexpensive and generous serving sizes.  
The waitress was more than pleasant and very helpful navigating through the menu (I got the meat combo platter to sample a variety)
Very nice date vibe.  Quiet music,  dimly lit (but not dark), cheap drinks. Overall had a great time.  
Definitely will be back.Got the remote and played r Kelly ignition. Place is off the chains. Give me that toot toot, give me that beep beep! This is the remix to ignition popping fresh out the kitchen!I am not from Philadelphia or Pennsylvania at all, and I was just visiting non-Ethiopian friends a couple of months ago and I wanted to show them  what Ethiopian food would be like. I wanted them to have an authentic experience, and I was a little bit worried that this place would be a fake Ethiopian place like the one in Norristown. However I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the decor inside from the pictures posted here on yelp, I knew it would be a real Ethiopian place where Abesha people would eat.
When you first are about to enter the restaurant it looks like there is a bar connected on the side of the building, and the actual restaurant on the other side. The bar has two floors and the downstairs one has traditional Ethiopian music playing and older Ethiopian guys hanging out at the bar and drinking their beers. The upstairs one had a totally different vibe and seemed like a different bar, a bunch of hipsters types and young people hanging out so I don't really know anything about what goes on up there. You have to go upstairs to use the bathrooms and you'll get a glimpse of that part of the bar.
The good thing is the kitchen stays open later than some of the Ethiopian restaurants that I researched in the area, which was good because both of the friends I was visiting work night shift and we have to get there later. As for the food what can I say, it really was authentic and I was very happy about that. We had doro wet, shiro, gomen, and my friends were even willing to try kitfo. I personally think the doro wet was on point. I think the shiro could have been a little bit better, but I only say this because I prefer the way that I make shiro over most places. It turned out my friends really enjoyed the food, and they're the type that don't really try more "exotic" foods and I know one of them has a diet that mostly comprises of fast food. So I was really happy that they enjoyed Ethiopian food and that this place served actual Ethiopian food. They liked the food so much they basically said they needed to get on an Ethiopian diet and they would be returning.
When I return to the area I will be coming back to this restaurant, as well as telling family and relatives who visit the area to stick with this restaurant if they want good food.I have been here several times, and have never regretted it. 
As many have commented, the service is extremely slow.  The staff is not rude; rather,   they seem to be genuinely relaxed and indifferent. So if you are looking to get in and out of there before a movie or something, do not come here.  If you are with one other person and you find it difficult to hold a conversation with that person for very long, do not come here. But if you have a small group of friends who don't mind having a few beers for an hour while you wait for your food, then this is a fine choice.
I am not an expert on Ethiopian food, but I have been to two other places (one in Portland and one in NYC) and out of the three, the food here was easily the best.Excellent food and very nice staff! That being said....the wait is crazy and the bathrooms aren't great so just set your expectations and you'll be overjoyed. 
Pros:
Simple but varied menu. 
Food was absolutely delicious - bone in chicken which is always the best. Honestly the best dish was actually the lentils. Perfect amount of injeera for the amount of food you get. 
Spacious seating area
Quiet
Cons:
Wait was quite long, although we did go during dinner time
Bathrooms are very random...they are advertised as unisex...but there are urinals in one of them with a door that can't be locked and I imagine women probably don't want to walk in on some guy using a urinal. Also for a cuisine that encourages using your hands, would have been nice to have some paper towels in the restrooms. 
If you come for the food alone, it is excellent and you won't be disappointed!delicious ethiopian food (i strongly strongly recommend the veggie combo), very nice people (they let me sub out the one dish i don't love on the veggie combo), bar with great beer upstairs and sometimes live music. i love this place.Don't come hungry. Come about an hour before you think you'll be hungry. Then enjoy some of Philadelphia's best Ethiopian food. I really love the combination platters, especially #1 which comes with beef tibs. But there is nothing like ordering the Meat Combination. If you have to eat vegetables, I love the lentils and collard greens.I wasn't crazy about dinner here. The food was good but not good enough to be my immediate go-to Ethiopian spot. Though the prices were reasonable, the portions for the combinations were much smaller than I expected and the food was served lukewarm. Plus the meat seemed over cooked and none of the individual dishes stood out as anything noteworthy. I imagine the injera is supposed to fill you up but I was still quite hungry after the meal.This is a great place to try Ethiopian food for the first time. One thing to know is that you should order plates to share. Most Ethiopian food is served with a spongy, slightly sour bread called injera. You are served big platters that are lined with injera, and your food is placed on top of that. You can each order what you think sounds good and then share it, or you can go with one of their combinations. 
On my last visit I got the vegetarian combo for $10 and shared it was 2 others. We also order the vegetarian rice, which was pretty good. They give you extra injera on the side to eat with. Unlike other places that give you rolled up and cut pieces of injera on the side, Abssinia gives you an entire folded piece, letting you rip off what you want.
My one suggestion for meat eaters is to know what you are getting into. Abyssinia serves meats unfamiliar to many Americans (such as goat) as well as rare beef. If you aren't sure you'll like those types of meat, stick with something more conservative that you know you'll like. I'd hate to see people turned off from Ethiopian food when it is really the type of meat that they don't like.
I tried the sambusas for the first time last time I was here. Sambusas are basically samosas that are stuffed with lentils. Definitely worth a try!
While they have regular tables, you can also sit at traditional Ethiopian dining tables. Be aware that these tables are designed for one big dish, so if you are trying to have completely separate dishes (ie someone only wants rice) then you may want
Abyssinia also has a bar filled with middle age Ethiopian men. I was here during the Olympics and heard them chanting "U-S-A" to the TV when I was on my way out, which was cute.  They also have a function room upstairs with music on weekends. 
The place is kind of random, but I actually like that about it. Abyssinia has a lot of character.Love this place.  They have okay beers (Lager and Sam Adams bottles) a full array of juices and it satisfies that palates of my carnivores, veggies, and epi-uncurious friends.  Plus, you get to eat with your fingers.  Who doesn't love that?
It's a group eating experience, so you should have your veggie friends specifically ask for a separate plate for their dinner.  Some items are spicy so go easy at first.
They have a crazy cabbage dish that I love, and all the dal dishes I've had are really good, too.  Beware, the chicken dishes come with a hard boiled egg, which sometimes looks a little weird when covered in the sauce.
BEWARE THE NGERA BELLY ACHE!  Everything is served with a spongy almost pancake like bread (ngera) that you use to scoop your stuff up with.  This stuff expands in your belly after you eat it, so try to go easy on it while eating or about 20 mins after you're done, you will have to pull an Al Bundy and pop that top button on your pants.
I've been here with 1 other person up to 10 people.  The staff is really nice and there's a full bar upstairs too.Abyssinia serves scrumptious and filling Ethiopian cuisine.
As I typically do whenever I visit an Ethiopian restaurant, I ordered the combination platter - and it didn't disappoint. It came with a variety of meat and veggie dishes, all arrayed on a bed of injera. The injera was delightfully spongey, and all the curries and sides were flavorful and well spiced.
The restaurant interior is nicely decorated and cozy. It was quite empty when I came for a weekday lunch, so the service was prompt. If you come for dinner or on the weekend, your experience may vary.
If you're down for some Ethiopian food for your next meal, check out Abyssinia.This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food, but I had a wonderful time here. I got to speak with the owner for a bit and hear his story and he is such a great man. Supporting local businesses is so important!! But even beyond that, the food was really good. I was taught the right way to eat (with my hands) and the flavor combinations are just incredible. Each dish uses a lot of different spices that really come out and shine together. Would recommend coming here if you're interested in getting acquainted with different cultural cuisines! The interior of the place itself isn't super fancy- in fact looks like a large living room of a home, but the food makes it worth it.They have decent priced lunch specials that are more affordable there. Food is great, just a little slow at times. 
It's def more fun if you go with a group of friends for dinner, we ordered lamb, beef, chicken, vegetables, beans on a large plate of anjeer where we all used our hands and dug in.
If you are only going by yourself, or with one other person. My favorite dish to get is their meat combo. Make sure you go hungry because their anjeer (Ethiopian pancake/ bread where you use your hands to wrap food to eat) is plenty to the stomach. It comes with pork, lamb, beef, lentils and you will definitely walk out full and be ready to take a nap.
They also have a nice bar area right when you walk in, if you walk in early enough you'll always walk into some interesting conversations with very friendly old timers.
My recommendation is never go super hungry, but always go with a empty stomach.This was my first time eating Ethiopian food and I have to say that the food was pretty good.  I had the combination dish that included curried lamb, chicken, beef and vegetables.  The service was very slow; there were only two very patient and friendly ladies serving the entire dining area and they were packed.  The meal overall was good.
Now the bad.  After we paid the check I made my way to the restroom.  This is why I will not dine at this restaurant again.  In my opinion it is as important, if not more, that a restaurant has a clean restroom.  Patrons see the restroom so you would think restaurateurs would at minimum keep a tidy bathroom.  When they obviously could care less, that gives me concern about the kitchen's condition.  This bathroom was filthy!  There was shaved hair on the sink that had obviously been there for some time, the toilet paper holder had no cover, the paper towels were on the sink getting soaked and there was a holder above the sink, maybe it was broke too.  Worst of all the toilet seat was HORRIBLE!  The pictures speak for themselves. 
The food was good, but I can not look pass the cleanliness issues.Ideally, I'd give them 2.5 stars but because of the lack of this functionality, I am giving them 3. I've been thoroughly unimpressed with Ethiopian food in Philly and this place did little to change that. That said, the food here was definitely better than at Almaz or ERA. Although, none of these three would be able to hold their own against the much better Ethiopian restaurants in NY, DC & Chicago.
I ordered the veggie combo. It was reasonably priced and the quantity was definitely sufficient. As with all Ethiopian restaurants in this city, the food lacked seasoning. The depth of their menu isn't great either. Ethiopian places elsewhere usually have a lot of vegetarian options. Anyway, since this the only decent Ethiopian food I've had in Philly, I might return, not very willingly though! 
Advice for Philly folks: if you haven't had Ethiopian outside of this city, please do me a favor and try Awash in NYC or Ras Dashen in Chicago or one of the good Ethiopian places in DC. Maybe then you'll realize how misplaced a 4 star rating is for a restaurant like Almaz.Food was delicious. Had the veggie platter. Probably my favorite veggie platter in West Philly. I tried everywhere! Love the sides they give. Service was confusing. Pick up is on the lower level. No one was there the first 5mins so went upstairs and was told to go back down lol. Could use a sign. The hostess/bartender wasn't very friendly. Maybe it was just an off day.Not clean.  The staff was unfriendly and unhappy.  Food portions were small. Not filling. The collard greens were good.  I would not recommend this place. I have eaten authentic Ethiopian food and the food here was lacking. I just can't get past the dirty stinky bathroom and the filth. Ughh..Abyssinia is the Ethiopian spot I go to if I'm not BYOBing and I'm looking for an excuse to go to Fiume. From the injera to lentils, the food is the usual Ethiopian fare. But I should also mention that the service is slower. I also feel like their liquor license isn't used well. They used to offer Tej, an Ethiopian honey wine, but no longer. The only white wine option is white zinfandel.
I should also mention that sound carries in is place. You can hear the conversations of anyone dining on the other side of the room. They have a sound system for performances. My suggestion would be to use it to play background music.
I really wished Abyssinia would get back to their roots and offer more interesting Ethiopian drink options and local music playing in the background.I could understand if the place was crowded and everyone was ordering food the kitchen would be backed up.  If the chef was making dishes as they were being ordered then I would understand the 1.5 hour wait to get two dishes.  SO the plate arrives right before I  lose my short term memory and I think to myself , " Boy this better be worth it."  As I break the piece of chicken with the injera I notice that the center of the chicken is COLD.  1.5 hours later I realize that the staff here is lazy and they dont care. They make it seem like they are backed up and busy but really they are standing in the hall way making jokes and having a good time and MICROWAVING THE FOOD.   
Bottom Line - Super slow service, microwaved food,  looks like your eating in someones run down living room.I really like coming here because it's super affordable and the service is nice. 
It's a simple place and I usually head here for lunch when the restaurant is fairly empty. I usually share a Vegetarian Combo platter for less than $10 which is perfect to share with another person if you're not too hungry. All the lentils and the cooked vegetables are DELICIOUS.This has been my favorite Ethiopian place in university city... The thing that I like the most about this place is the community eating setup. You can order a number of their entrées and then the whole order will be served on top of an anjeer (the bread) and you can eat off it. By the end of it the bread also gets soaked with the taste of the food and it also becomes a tasty feast..
The service usually takes some time but the food is well worth the wait. I love the beef dibs that they have and the lentil based dishes...
The ambiance is nice but it is not the most clean place (in terms of the restroom). The seating area is reasonably clean. The food is very fairly priced.Our first foray into Ethiopian cuisine, Abyssinia provided delicious food.  It's difficult to know what to order, as most of the descriptions sound so similar.  We were fortunate enough to go with friends who'd eaten Ethiopian food before.  My husband and I each had the meat combination.  We decided not to "share" or eat fromt he same platter.  I think that was a great decision because my friends did have the family platter and the veggie portions were the same.  I didn't look at the bill, so not sure if they priced it differently, but I know my husband would have been starved if he had to share with me.  lol  The flavors were delicious, both meat and veggie dishes.  But, as mentioned by others, the service is sooo slow.  We waited over an hour for our dishes to come out.  The place was pretty crowded at points, and it seemed no one was getting food.  When it did come out, it was haphazard.  Half our table got their meals, then a table that came at least 1/2 hour after us got their meal.  A few minutes later, we got the rest of our dishes.  Overall, I would love to have Ethiopian food again, but may try a different place.I recommend the Vegetarian Combination, the food is so flavorful, but not over whelming. I have been here about four times now and every time I come it's always delicious.This is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant.  The Ye Doro Tibs (spicy boneless chicken dish) is to die for, and make sure you order the green lentils as your sides.  My complaint is the fact that the recipe changes quite often, so you don't get the same exact tasting Ye Doro Tibs each time. I hear they switch owners every few months and whenever that happens there are new cooks who alter the dish.  Sometimes it's perfect, then other times it's on the blander side.  But overall, it usually hits the spot.  Also I agree that the servers disappear for what it seems like hours on end.  The food takes FOREVER to come out (45-60 minutes) but when it takes a long time that usually means that it's gonna be REALLY good so I don't mind the long wait.  As for the decor/dining atmosphere, let's just say you're not going there for ambiance.  Consider Abyssinia to be one of those hole-in-the wall joints that has great food.  This is my go-to restaurant for my birthday.I know people love this place but I have been 2 times now and really have not been psyched on the food nor the decor.  The entire place just felt really dirty, there was one waitress for a room full of (7-9) filled tables, the vegetarian combo was priced reasonably and some of the dishes were quite good but others were just not there.  It took at least 30 minutes for our order to come out.  I am hoping to find some better Ethiopian places in the area.Really well-priced, and consistently yummy. I don't eat meat, so I can't vouch for the lamb, but the vegetarian dishes are great. 
Last fall, they had an an all-you-can-eat-vegetarian special on Wednesdays for around $10-12...the regular entrees are large enough that I don't think this is actually more food for your dollar than you'd normally get, but if you know a vegetarian with a huge appetite, it would be a great deal:) I'm not sure if they still offer this though, so call ahead. 
I am still loyal to Almaz Cafe for Ethiopian in Philly (in my experience, their Tikil Gomen and Misir are a little better), but this is a close second!Took my buddy for his first Ethiopian experience and my first time at this restaurant.
We got there around 5pm on a Friday so it was a bit empty.  For us, the service was great.  We ended up ordering 2 variety plates and it came out promptly and was delicious!
All in all a great time.nothing says 'cinco de mayo' quite like ethiopian food. er, uh...whatever. let's just say, anyone who knows me knows that mexican bars/restaurants on cinco de mayo are like irish pubs on st. patty's day: not.my.bag.
so while many were likely starting their may 5th meals with chips & salsa, my friends and i headed to abyssinia, where we shared a bowl of azifa fitfit - pieces of injera (squishy, sour bread) mixed with lentils, onions & spices. it was gobbled up faster than you can say 'tequila' as we had been waiting for quite some time since placing our order, and we were huuuungry! thankfully, our entrees arrived shortly after the app.
for just under $10, the vegetarian combo platter (eaten by 4 out of 5 diners[1] at my table), is a total steal - highly recommend. you get equal size mini-portions of 6 different veg dishes[2] plus salad, all served on a giant piece of injera, with even more injera on the side for scooping up the [mostly] puree-style veggies. unfortunately, i didn't find anything to be spicy, but it was all quite flavorful, and i managed to finish everything on my plate[3]!
[1] only 3 of us actually ordered this. one ordered a meat combo platter and the other ordered a chicken sandwich, but was served the veg platter instead?? since the wait for food was already long enough, and we had a movie to catch, he sucked it up and ate what was brought his way sans complaint, but definite star loss there.
[2] and those 6 dishes would be:  ye'misir wot (split lentils), ye'atikilt wot (sauteed string beans, carrots and potatoes), shiro wot (powdered split peas), ye' gomen wot (collard greens), ye' kik alicha (yellow split peas) & azifa (whole brown lentils).
[3] for anyone who follows my reviews, you know that i am queen of the leftovers, but i assure you that the portion size of this platter is indeed quite large; i just ate a small lunch in anticipation of my dinner ;)This is just a few blocks from where I live, and I've become a semi-regular - which says a lot, since I prefer to try a new restaurant each time I eat out, rather than re-visiting old ones. The food is absolutely addictive, and for variety I go for the combo platters. I always get the kitfo rare. 
There's also the bar upstairs (Fiume). What a fantastic and special place. Quintessential West Philly. The bartenders are cool, and given the location and unassuming look of the restaurant, you will be blown away by the amazing cocktail list that's constantly evolving with whatever the bartenders are feeling. Sometimes we even chat them up for recommendations, or they'll make an old favorite or a spin on the bits and pieces you want in a drink. Quality and expertise on par with certain Center City speakeasies, but without the pretense, frills and a dollar or few cheaper....located on top of an Ethiopian restaurant. I don't really go for the beer though - I prefer draft, and most of their offerings are simply cans they grab out of the fridge (although the selection is excellent). Quality cocktails and Ethiopian food in a dive-y environment is what brings me here.
It probably gets insanely cramped upstairs on weekends, so I usually avoid those times. The food service is also friendly, although as many reviews have mentioned, can be fairly slow-paced. But make no mistake, Abyssinia is a neighborhood gem, and it embodies many of the great things about living in this area. There's a reason why people in the neighborhood always recommend this place to their out-of-town friends.I love Ethiopian/Eritrean food, and have had enough of it from various restaurants in Oakland, LA, and DC to sorta know how the dishes are supposed to taste and what's good and what's not.  While the atmosphere at Abyssinia is cozy (locals hang out at the bar is always a plus) and the waitress was nice, the food turned out to be disappointing (this stuff's not supposed to be bland, and my injera was not fluffy!).  Well, as a new resident of West Philly, this place is now off my checklist and I shall move on in my pursuit of better Ethiopian/Eritrean food in town.Get the meat combinations where you get 3 different meats and three different veggie sides over huge injera bread. Sometimes they will combine all the dishes ordered into one huge platter... Ask the waitress to keep the dishes separate so that a) you get more food b) nobody steals your share of the food and c) you don't know where your friends' hands have been. 
The alicha wat (yellow lentils in a mild oniony sauce) is delicious! I'm still thinking about it... Mmm... I wish this place were BYO.The best dorowot you can find in Philadelphia. I ate Ethiopian cuisine at most restaurants in the city and this place had the best ever dorowot. The sambusa is good if you are in for a fried treat.We called to ask if the injera was gluten free and were told that it was, so we booked a reservation for 8 of us. The place has bright florescent lights and is generally not very attractive, but we didn't really care and went ahead and ordered. 
When I took a bite of the appetizer, made with injera, my daughter, who was speaking with the waitress, shouted over not to eat it - that it had gluten! Too late!! Luckily my allergy is not so strong that it sent me to the hospital - but for someone else it easily could have become a serious situation. 
I spoke to the owner/manager and they tried to explain how they make the injera and would have needed us to tell them days ahead so they could have made it - but it took him a long time to understand that even a small bit of wheat contains enough gluten to matter. They did not offer to comp a meal or do anything special. We found another place to eat.The lentils are flavorful, you can taste the differences and similarities of each dish, the injera is moist, fresh (while before it would be sometimes weirdly dry and cold), and the service (maybe because I'm a regular) is always good.
Was just there two weeks ago so I'm about due for a visit. Here's hoping, with some consistency, we can make three stars four.This was the first time I have had ethiopian food and it was pretty good. Not sure yet if I am a fan yet, but I will say that the chicken was incredible. I would definately eat here again and maybe try the beef tibs everyone seems to talk about next time.Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love Ethiopian food. I would still give it 5 stars for the food here, even though probably none of the restaurants in the US can even compare with the food I've had actually in Ethiopia. But just to reemphasize the other reviews, the wait here is EXCRUCIATINGLY long. We waited over an hour for our food last visit. And honestly, I don't mind so much usually, but I feel like the past few times I've visited, I've brought friends who have never tried Ethiopian food before and having such a long wait makes it kinda awkward as they're anticipating trying out a new cuisine for the first time. 
It would be an understatement to say that it's not a fancy place, but hey, in a way that can add to its charm. I would say though, the bathrooms don't feel the most sanitary, considering that you are about to eat with your hands so you really HAVE to wash your hands prior to eating. 
All in all, it's okay but there are so many other comparable delicious Ethiopian restaurants in the area where you won't have to wait literally over an hour for your food. I've historically picked this place because it tends to be a bit more spacious but if you don't happen to have all the time in the world, I would probably opt for some of the other nearby locations.First time eating Ethiopian Food - I'm a fan!
Went here over the weekend with a vegan friend who was telling me all about this restaurant. At first I was a little apprehensive, but as she had been here a few times before, I was ok to let her to the ordering (I didn't eat any meat this time, but it looked good).
I got a vegetarian dish that was esentially greens with onions and spices. Very good stuff! I do like trying new things, and this was a win. I want to say this  dishwas called Yegoman Wat, but don't quote me on that. Whatever it was called, it was good!
It wasn't overly spicy or anything, but it was flavored-well for the dish. I think I'd like to come back and try some of the beef dishes, as they looked good on the other tables that ordered it.
We both thought the service was decent and timely, but not -in-your-face a chain restaurant, this was more personable and friendly.One of my top and most favorite restaurants in Philly.  I always tend to default here or Vietnamese when craving ethnic cuisine.  The food is amazing, cheap, and extremely filling.  Love the wait staff.  Yes, according to American Standards, service can be considered slow, but in this case its a great sign...it means the food is freshly prepared and cooked to order (for the most part) plus it gives the true feeling of an "ethnic restaurant ambiance."  My family lived in Ethiopia and has always said that this is as close as they've ever had outside.This is my favorite Ethiopian food in the area. It's rarely crowded, even on weekends, which I like. There's usually only one person working the restaurant part of the business who goes back and forth from one room to another so service is on the slow side but always really friendly and helpful! The food is amazing and cheap. Lots of veggie options.Worst kitfo in continental USA.Returned it after 1 bite but they still charged us.I was gonna tell them I was not gonna pay for it bug my company(who was Ethiopian) said they don't do that in their culture.Waitress looked like she was mad that we even showed up.Place looks like a creepy old warehouse.I am shocked this place had 3 1/2 starts. Really deserves 2 stars.Ate here on a Saturday night in a group of three. It was busy - wish I would have realized about the upstairs bar I'm now reading about, damn. Either way...service was slow but not on purpose. It appeared that there were only two servers for a packed room and then an additional server for the downstairs bar area which was also full of drinkers and diners. So slow albeit understandable being that short staffed.
Food was awesome. The spongy bread did definitely expand in your stomach after a bit - but totally worth it. Seating is fairly traditional and not the most up to date (I thought my friend was going to fall through her chair!) but it had good ambiance and seemed to be a really mixed scene in terms of age, singles/families, groups/couples, etc which made for a laid back but not too dull atmosphere. 
Recommend it - just grab a drink at the bar first and go with people you like so you don't mind the wait!Great food, especially their veggie option. Great price. 
Sometimes, when it gets very busy, you could wait a while for someone to take your order. But usually, especially if you are not in a hurry, you enjoy the atmosphere and a conversation while waiting.
The staff is friendly.It's the first time we visited this place. For the ambience this place is not a good choice. I found the cleanliness is very poor too. Needs serious improvement in hygiene. 
Regarding food,it's the first time we tried Ethiopian food. We visited the place along with our friends. The food was good. We tried vegetarian combo ,meat combo, doro vot. The meat combo n doro vat were really good. They were really spicy and filling. 
The person who serviced us funny. She cracked joked to keep our spirits high. 
Altogether it was a good experience but not an exceptionally impressive one.Food was very good but it took 55 minutes to appear.  Drinks were a bit quicker, only 20 minutes to show. Definitely will check out their neighbors next time.
My review would have been 4 stars if the server had informed us upfront that they were short staffed in the kitchen.  They informed us AFTER the meal.  The entire meal took us 2 hours and 45 minutes.
My suggestion would be to try the vegetarian and non-vegetarian fare separately. I got Combo #1, which had both.
To summarize:
Food was 5 star for sure.
Wait (without being informed in advance) was frustrating.