Had the all you can eat and it was awesome! They create everything for you FRESH and they have an amazing selection! Great service and fair prices! We will definitely be coming back for more again! Also their lunch special is great quality and low priceI am so apologetic to hear of the bad reviews here. This place has been a great experience for me everytime I have visited. Best time for great price food and drinks is happy hour!! I would recommend this place to everyone!The ask you can eat option is amazing if you like sushi.  The variety of sushi is good and the fish is fresh.Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kitten may tickle Julie Andrew's fancy, but bargains and sushi are two of MY favorite things. 
And I have found it all here, not in the beautiful hills of Austria, on the filthy streets of Philadelphia. 
All you can eat sushi: $25
3 rolls (24 pieces!) : $12
It's good sushi. The fish is fresh and the newish decor is funky nuvo asian. The service is always efficient and the bathrooms are clean (something I find fairly indicative of the quality in a sushi restaurant).
Anyway, the next time the Von Trapps are in town, take them when they are sick of wienerschnitzel and want something cheap, fast, and fresh.I'm not your typical sushi lover, but when I get a craving- I NEED a lobster mazy roll from AKI. If you can put sushi down like nobody's business, do the all-you-can-eat- menu bc the regular rolls are pretty good (usually get the shrimp tempura- best ones in the city- and the yellowtail and scallion) and for an extra 5 bucks each you can add specialty rolls like the lobster mazy (to die for). If you're doing a light meal, make sure you get the avocado salad with ginger dressing. I'm almost positive there's crack in the dressing- yes its that good. This place is also great for date night (red comfy couch type booths) or group outings (dark wood tables). The place has a nice ambience with dim lights. Overall, a great sushi spot. Only things that sucks is there's never any parking, but there is a lot across the street.Best all you can eat I've ever done. There is such a wide selection of nigiri and sashmi- and you can still get your specialty roll fix! Plus, appetizers are up for grabs, so you actually leave feeling like you got a deal (and paid less than going a la carte).
Definitely not inexpensive, so come HUNGRY. But the quality is great. I'm STILL drooling over the white tuna nigiri.I had a horrible experience at Aki today. They had 3 servers covering the entire restaurant. I sat at the bar and could only get attention in 15 min increments. In addition, I was only going to do 2 rolls and a soup so I knew I wouldnt need the All you can eat menu. Anyway, the server comes over, doesnt ask me what I want to drink. I ordered and he brings the food out with no utensils. I asked him for a plate, he forgets chopsticks, I ask for chopsticks, he doesnt bring soy sauce with the sushi. I did not realize I would have to ask for each of these things specifically in order to receive them. The soup was good and I ordered shrimp shumai. It came out with 3 little pieces of shumai, which I know is not a $6 order of shumai. Perhaps he was giving me the All you can eat portion size. Anyway, after I ate and asked for check, it took about 15 minutes for the check to come and he brought it out and charged me $30 (the all you can eat price). I said no, adding up everything I got, it does not exceed $21. He said he entered it into the system and this price came out cheaper. I said once again that I had seen the prices and there's no way it was more than $21. He said "no, this is cheaper, your order comes to $32 otherwise" I did not want to argue anymore even thought I know he was clearly miscalculating because 2 $6 rolls is 12 plus $6 for the bitty shumai is $18 plus $2.50 for the miso soup is $21.50. Anyway, I paid and I left but I feel ripped off!! And to think my coworkers rave about this place. Wait till they hear this...Ate here while we were at a conference. We got sushi and fried rice. The fried rice was just salty, not other taste than salt. Sushi was less than average, rice was way too cooked and was mushy. Rolls with tempura inside were cold. Two stars because staff is very friendly and tries to be accommodatingHoly Hell. Aki, how many ways did I loathe my experience with you? Let me count the ways. 
1. Your watered down soy sauce. Let's start at the most illustrative and representative point. You couldn't even get your soy sauce right. Never in my life have I complained about the soy sauce. I mean, I feel silly writing this, but in a blind taste test; your soy sauce could not be differentiated between lukewarm sea water with a little bit of regurgitated wasabi in it. If you can't get soy sauce right, you know you are probably in for a wild ride. And boy were we ever. 
2. For the first time ever, I found multiple bones and gristle (for lack of a better word) in my fish. Having to pull bones and gristle out of my mouth mid-chew didn't jive with my date night feel I was going for. 
3. Your fish was curiously warm and the texture was concerning. Enough said, this is not high quality or fresh fish by any stretch of the imagination. 
4. You did not serve me sushi. You served me lukewarm and overaged fished limply draped over a soggy pile of rice. It was like a sad, dying golden retriever putting his head on your knee for the last time before you take him to the vet to be put down. Nothing sadder. On top of that, they don't put wasabi between the fish and the rice. You shouldn't have some yelp reviewer with clearly too much time on his hands teaching you the fundamentals of sushi. 
5. The service was barely existent. I saw my server 4 times throughout the night, but she was busy, so I blame the same people who re-re-re-refridgerate the fish they serve and not the hard working servers who are understaffed. 
6. We bought the Groupon, but still feel like I overpaid. I've gone to all you can eat buffets in florida who have sushi the same quality as this place. I saw they do all you can eat sushi, which indicates it's not financially viable to serve high quality fish with this offer, but then everyone suffers, regardless of whether or not we want to participate in this gluttonous act. It's basically failed socialism, with stinky fish. 
Bottom line, there are SO SO SO MANY good sushi places in Philly. Most of them cheaper than this place and BYOB. Save yourself, the time, money, and fiery post consumption diarrhea and go somewhere else.I only eat veggie sushi, so my perspective might be a little different from other reviewers. 
The lunch special is amazing! Three (huge) rolls, and soup or a salad for 11 bucks. If you order it right at or before 3pm, you get the special, so you can even order it and carry it home for dinner.
The avocado is ripe, the rice doesn't fall off the sushi, and the (gluteney, soon to be discarded) soy sauce comes in a separate packet.
They deliver too.We have been coming to this restaurant for years and we always loved their sushi and found their all-you-can-eat menu great. 
Last night we had dinner at Aki and unfortunately the food quality was drastically below par. We orders the usual rolls from their menu and nothing was like it used to be and we struggled to finish our rolls. I don't know what happened but it's not the same placeA reasonable price for an all you can eat sushi buffet and the service is fast and efficient. However, the quality of the fish is absolutely terrible. Almost scary... The tuna that was served to us wasn't real tuna. It was either a gelatin or another fish substitute. The other raw fish were not fresh. I ended up avoiding the sushi and eating their cooked portion of the buffet.
I would strongly recommend eating at a different sushi place... This was quite a terrifying experience.... The worst in philly so farThis place used to be called AOI. Nothing has really changed, except the decor. The food is still sub-par, especially the sushi. Anybody who has been to a really good Japanese restaurant will be disappointed here.
Spicy salmon roll means you get panko, mayo, and Sri Racha, mixed with little bits of reject salmon. It's like a meatball.
All you can eat is just an exercise in wasting your time waiting for flavored rice. And with the sushi being as poor quality as it is, you really aren't getting much of a bargain. You can spend the same amount of money elsewhere and get better ingredients, more fish with less rice, better service, and better atmosphere.My husband and I ordered the All-You-Can-Eat sushi on a Tuesday during happy hour and were very happy with the variety and quality of the rolls and appetizers we ordered. There were 8 or so specialty rolls in the All-You-Can-Eat menu, plus another ten or so that had an up charge of $2.50 for each roll, though you won't need to order those; the ones included are delicious. Our server was pleasant and attentive to our table. The rolls were fresh and well made, and the appetizers (gyoza, fried calamari, and miso soup) were also fresh and flavorful.
The atmosphere is clean, bright, and welcoming, and by the time we left around 5:30, it started to fill up with patrons. 
We also ordered drinks, which were certainly strong for their happy hour price. 
5/5, would go for all you can eat again!AWFUL. I went there for restaurant week. Walked in and it smelled of fish(not good). There were only two tables of customers there when I got there. I waited 30 minutes to get my first course and was given my second course instead. The waitress said "It's fine, it's there". I finally got the first course and entree and my Pan Seared tuna looked boiled, fearful of getting sick, I didn't eat it. My friend ordered the salmon teriyaki bento and just got a regular plate of salmon and veggies, no bento box with siu mai as advertised on the menu. An hour had gone by and I had to leave without the tempura ice cream because that would have probably taken another 30 minutes. 
Never going backWhat happened? I'm so bummed. 
In the past 2 weeks, I've ordered take-out twice from Aki for lunch. Both times, the fish was not fresh at all. It was, I hate to say - disgusting. 
I don't know if my sushi taste buds have been heightened since I've had some amazing sushi recently, or if this place has really gone downhill.  
Either way, go at your own risk. 
I will miss you Aki. My rule is 2 strikes and you are OUT.  A girl has got to draw the line somewhere.All you can eat sushi for under $30 bucks. The rolls were good but the mojito was not. Service was pretty on point and the selection of sushi and sashimi was good too. We went with a vegetarian friend and she was able to get one of the rolls customized to suit her needs. The fried apps (calamari, gyoza, tempura) were delish.One of my absolute favorite sushi restaurants in the city! Though pricey, their all you can eat option is top notch, including sides and soup at no additional cost. Discounted sake as well.
The sushi is very fresh, expertly crafted, and delicious. They have gluten-free soy sauce upon request (which is surprisingly rare in sushi places around Philly) as well as plenty of non-sushi options. Again, it's a tad pricey, but you get a ton of food for your dollars.What drew me in was the All You Can Eat special for $24.95, and although I was concerned about saving pennies when it comes to raw fish, I was pleasently surprised. The Sushi was absolutely fantastic. And you're allowed to order off of the Special Rolls menu for an addition $2 per roll, which was well worth it in my opinion. Definitely a great place to bring a date!if I could give this place zero stars, I would. Terrible service. I will say however, the sushi is good. my friends and I did NOT have the greatest experience here. Go at your own risk.This is an excellent sushi place and now with ramen dishes added, it offers a variety of quality and tasty Japanese affairs. However, the service is a bit on the slow side. More wait staff should be added.The all you can eat sushi deal is excellent. $27 can't be beat. Get the sumo roll. It's delicious!There are two things I love here, salmon nigiri n tempura appetizer.  Both are light, fresh tasting, and delightful dishes.   My sushi tastes are tame so the fresh salmon over rice is perfect for me.  The slices rare always nice n clean.
Tempura comes with two shrimp, two carrots, two broccoli, n two sweet potatoes...  Perfect.For Sushi Buffet, I had a great time. The price is reasonable. You shouldn't be expecting the best sushi ever with this price, but it's definitely good for sushi lovers who wants to do all you can eat.
Each order has 6-8 pieces, which can be crazy if you just want to tastes more, but I stayed there for two hours just to try things and enjoy myself, which by the time I finished, I had tried well enough things.
The waitress I met once wasn't so energetic, but she's not rude, so I was fine with her.My partner and I always come here when we want to eat a bunch of delicious sushi. They have an "all you can eat" price that is available any time of day, and is well worth what they charge ($26). We did the math and if you get two different rolls from their specialty rolls menu while doing the "all you can eat" option, everything after that is essentially free.
We typically eat 5 or 6 different rolls each, so this is a super good deal for us. Try it out! Even just ordering off the regular menu is great, this place has some really innovative and interesting rolls that will leave you satisfied. The staff is really friendly and nice as well, and have always given us good service. Definitely one of our favorite places to come to when we are in this part of town.Staff was a bit slow and unattentive, but nice and the food was great.Disappointing. Simply. 
I have been craving sushi for the past four months (on rebound with vegetarian food), so walking through center city one day I see this place and thought to give it a try (yeah, I know I am not winning points for sticking with MY Decisions here). The sushi here is SO bland...to the extent that you try three of the highly recommended entrees here to still feel that you have not have had sushi for four months!The sushi was good and my not so positive review has more to do with the bad experience after we left. One of the rolls that I had, had fish bones in one of the rolls which was strange but whatever. 
My issue is this: we went with two other people and before leaving we left our tip on the table. After we part our ways my friend gets a call from the RESTAURANT on a blocked number saying that we did not leave a tip!! What restaurant would ever call a customer over this? Either someone stole the tip or the money fell off the table but this really offended me. That's not okay to call a customer over a tip. My friend actually went back and gave them another tip. This is embarrassing to both us and on the restaurant. Not cool and won't go back here.Sat at the bar with two friends for Center City Sips last Wednesday to enjoy some drinks and snacks.  As the bar/restaurant got progressively more crowded, the service got slower.  We sat with empty glasses for a while each time we needed another round of drinks.  We ended up having to flag down a server that wasn't ours to get our check, because our bartender sort of disappeared.  But the food was great (I had the tofu appetizer: great flavors and lovely presentation), and the price was nice.  Overall, decent.  I'd got back, but probably for table service / dinner instead of hanging at the bar.I came here on a Saturday evening with a group of friends. The place is nice and the service is pretty fast. We all opted for the All you can eat sushi and apps for $25.95. I found some of the special rolls to be a little underwhelming but the appetizers were good. 
The staff was very nice and helped me a conceal a cake for someone on the table and brought it out at the perfect time! They didn't even mind the annoying (yet fun) relighting candles I'd bought. 
My biggest problem with this place was that the women's bathroom was out of order and the men's bathroom was gross and borderline unusable.Great value (I.e. price to taste ratio)!
We went here for a birthday dinner for a large group of 24 people. They were very accommodating with reservations and we had a single long table in the center of the restaurant so we were all together. They had two servers for the table who were fantastic. They even allowed us to serve and celebrate a cake brought in from outside (that a friend baked).
The sushi buffet ends up being the best value for most since it covers everything from appetizers to sashimi, regular rolls, and specialty rolls (at a minor additional cost). As a vegetarian I was very pleased with their veggie roll selection as well.
If getting the buffet, plan a lot of time. They make everything fresh to order so try and order as you're finishing up the previous plate.The sushi is average, nothing blown my mind. But for less than $30/head sushi buffet, includes appetizer, you can't go wrong. The service was good, but expect to wait a bit when around dinner time. I loved their sake, it's half price during happy hour!This is pretty gorgeous place to have Japanese sushi and sashimi for lunch and dinner. The lunch menus with decent price. You can enjoy all you can eat sushi anytime for about $25. The service is great and I love the atmosphere.I tried out Aki for All You Can Eat.  According to their sign out front, it is now 7 nights a week (before it was only on certain days.)  For $25, you get a laminated sheet of choices that include your standard apps, rolls, nigiri, and hand rolls.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was amazing (not that I was expecting this.)  I actually really liked the hand roll option, as you don't see this that often.  The nigiri was relatively disappointing, as the sushi was not properly cut, wasn't pre-seasoned with wasabi, and was just average quality overall.  
If you're a "fancy roll" fan (I am not, generally) the AYCE option probably isn't for you, as the rolls are only standard 1 or 2 item rolls.  If you like handrolls however, it's a good deal.  If you're in a fat kid that likes sushi mood (which I often am) then Aki is a solid option.I went here for the first time with a friend in the middle of the week when it wasn't crowded. There were only two other couples dining in. Within ten minutes of ordering our food we were given the wrong plate, not once but twice. In a row. Having worked in the food service industry, I understand that this could happen and I probably have done it a few times... But there were only three tables to serve. I'll give the servers the benefit of the doubt and say that it might have just been an off day for them. It's all good! My friend and I were moreso laughing instead of complaining. 
I was slightly disappointed but the food was still pretty good. I'd probably come back. They should add a dessert option to the all-you-can-eat sushi section.Five stars for the food, one star for the service. I came here with my partner for the all-you-can-eat sushi, and I had a $40 groupon credit that I applied to our order. 
I respectfully told the server in the beginning of our visit that I had a groupon. He responded coldly and quickly that I couldn't apply it to booze and tax. Cool I understand that - I wasn't planning on skimping on his tip if that's what he was worried about. I work in the service industry so I get it. 
Like I said the food was great as always but the service was terrible. The server seemed like he hated his job and hated us. I felt super uncomfortable the whole time. 
The server didn't mention the happy hour - in fact he charged us full price for the two servings of sake we ordered.  I left feeling confused and aggravated - I'm not a rude customer, and there was no reason for us to have such a bad service experience.I've never eaten here for dinner but the lunch special is one of the best deals in the city. Ok, so I'm cheap when it comes to eating out and I never eat (rarely eat) Japanese dinner because it's so expensive and you can do so much better at lunch. On that note, Aki has a great lunch 12 effin' 50 for three rolls with soup or salad. Here's the best part, the owner and the staff know that I only come for lunch and they're always super nice.If your looking for quantity over quality...then go here. They offer a lunchtime all you can eat sushi bar but the sushi just isn't great.The ash gray haired colored lady will only sit u on the tables if u r white but if u r colored u have to wait even though there are 5 tables open, expect to wait long for your sushi whether you get the AYCE or ala carte menu, so we really wanna try it tonight we ended up seating at the bar because she said there are no tables but after we sat at the bar and there are 2 white couples they got seated right away on the tables and they dont even have any reservations coz i can hear the lady asks them how many were their party. Haaay!!!! They only have 3 sushi chefs  when they know AYCE is gonna be busy haaay this place sucks, the other tables got their food first so we decided to leave but the server ran after us and ask to pay for the order even when its not served this place disgusts me stay away!!! There are no managers no customer service and oh well what do you expect from these low lifesOur favorite sushi place in Philly!
A little bit towards the expensive side, but it is worth it!The have a great variety of specialty rolls here. The Geisha and Samurai rolls are amazing. The basic rolls are well made with fresh and tasty ingredients and were just as enjoyable. I absolutely love their Red Bean Tempura ice cream. Seriously I crave that stuff way too often! A member of my group doesn't do sushi and was pleased with the chicken teriyaki bento box. I don't think you will be disappointed in this place.I went back, the sushi wasn't that great, and I realized all you can eat is always a bad idea.We had a horrible experience at Aki few days ago. Sushi was not fresh, it tasted like metal, service is slow and they say it's 26$ all you can eat but they will charge you extra 10-15$ for each sushi roll if you didn't finish it. I was stuffing my face with roll that were really bad just to avoid getting charged $15 extra if I leave some pieces. Never go there pleaseI live nearby and Aki is my go-to takeout joint when I'm craving a maki roll.  I've never eaten at the restaurant itself so I can't speak to the service per se (though a couple of the hostesses I've dealt with are sometimes slow and stuck up).  The quality of the rolls themselves is quite good for the area - the only other contenders would be Fat Salmon or Jay's sushi, but I prefer Aki.  I generally go for the typical salmon or tuna rolls and they seem fresh, well made, and reasonably priced. 
That said, I did stray and try the teriyaki chicken and was disappointed - dry flavorless chicken.  Serves me right, that's what I get from being even slightly adventurous.  Stick to the rolls or sushi and you should be fine.Not a huge sushi eater, mostly due to the small amount of food for the expensive prices, but once I found out about this place and its all-you-can-eat sushi deal for just $25 per person, I had to check it out.
Very chic and trendy indoors (not what I expected), with a bar and comfy velvety seats.  Our waitress was accommodating, answering any questions we had and making sure to not disappear like some places that offer all-you-can-eat tend to do (Red Lobster's Shrimp Fest)
Overall, the sushi was delicious and not cheaply-made and the presentation was beautiful (the Aki Tempura with crab and wasabi mayo was my favorite), and there were plenty of gourmet options to choose from, more so than just your standard California or Philly rolls (they did offer these basics, too, though).  
The "specialty" ones are delicious and you get plenty of sushi, but they do rack up an extra $2 each, so be forewarned if you don't wanna spend too much.  Try at least one though, since it's totally worth it.
You can also get appetizers included in the price, like miso soup and salad and fried calamari.  The fried calamari was just okay, nothing to write home about.
The only qualm I had was how long it took from ordering to actually receiving the food.  It was a Friday night, it was busy, and sushi is an art form that can't just be thrown together, so I totally understand why it took so long.  It's just that you become full when you're left to digest and wait in between your sushi rolls.  I feel like I could've eaten more and taken better advantage of the $25 deal if I didn't have time to digest properly (that sounds unhealthy, I know, but I take "all you can eat" literally).
Will definitely be back, preferably during the afternoon for lunch or for dinner during the week when it's not so packed.Aki was just ok, I eat quite a bit of sushi and like to try new restaurants when I travel.  The fish did not seem real fresh to me. It did not smell but the color was and texture was not what I have come to expect in good sushi restaurants.Purchases Groupon deal. I Figured that  it was worth a try, but was that a big mistake. Received the first sushi rolls, noticed how thinly sliced the salmons were, the soft shelled crabs was soggy, the rice on the sushi was hard the top and soggy on the bottom causing the sushi roll to break apart when moving it to my plate. Ordered chicken gyoza, which was so soggy and bland. If you're looking for fine sushi or quality sushi, this is not your place. The lemon water that they provided did s better job satisfying me because it helped washed down this disgusting sushi from this place. 
We agreed to pay an extra $10 for the sushi we couldn't finish than continue eating it and then tossed it in the trash down the blockGood service BUT the orders were coming too slow so I had to stay more than 1 hour to eat only three dishes.
Only the fast thing was giving me a check.I've been to Aki a bunch of times because the sushi is fresh and the service is good.
The all you can eat sushi special is great.  A word to the wise-order a lot when you do place your orders for all you can eat.  For some odd reason it seems as though they wait to come back to the table when you get the all you can eat special.
One CON about this place is that every time I order the warm house sake it has fruit flies in it.  The first time it happened, I got a fresh one sans fly, I went back a different time.. again with the fruit flies.  I went last night and tried once more... and yeah, again with the fruit flies.  I've pretty much learned my lesson at this point.
Will I go back for sushi?  Sure.  Sake. NO!Love this place! Fresh sushi, good cocktails, friendly service, and they're open late.Received a groupon for my birthday and decided to try this place out about 2 weeks ago. Aside from one particular special roll on the "all you can eat" menu, everything was great and our server was even better! He was attentive and funny at the appropriate times, just a pleasure to be around. One thing I wish that could be improved upon would be how they manage the front end/hostess section. Even after making a reservation for a time that we were early for and in a not so crowded restaurant, we still had to wait 10-12 minutes and it got cramped when other patrons came in. Other than that, another good sushi spot!I've been coming here for several years now, and I must say that the All-You-Can-Eat sushi for $27.95 is quite the steal. The appetizers in particular are extremely good and well worth the trip on their own.  For the most part, the fish is very fresh and the rice is cooked perfectly.  On a few occasions, the rice has been somewhat underdone or overly flavored with rice vinegar, but I'm willing to let that slide because, for the most part, the food is very good.
With that said, I cannot excuse the service at this restaurant. I have been here when it's completely packed and when I'm one of three parties in the restaurant, but no matter the situation, the service is (typically) abysmal.  My last visit last night was the worst so far.  The restaurant was not crowded at all and our food arrived very quickly, but we had to ask three times for the tea we ordered, twice for small plates to share, twice for soy sauce, and even after asking twice, two items from our order were never delivered.  Our waitress seemed either forgetful or she just did not care -- we actually had to ask another server to speak to her before we received the plates or the tea.  
This is not the first time this has happened here, either -- in the three years I've been coming here (admittedly always drawn by the good food and the hopes that for once, the service might be good) I've had to practically beg for anything that didn't come expressly from the sushi bar (drinks, extra sauces, etc.) 
I usually don't write angry reviews, but I think I've had enough bad experiences with this place that it's time. The food is fabulous, though (most of the time.)Oh, Aki.
In terms of the affordability + quantity equation, Aki kicks some ass.  You can get the All You Can Eat for 25$, and the menu is fairly inclusive (comparable to what I've seen at other places, for sure).
I have been here twice and ordered the smorgasboard both times.  The first time was incredible.  The fish was really fresh, and their flavors just POPPED.  The spicy rolls have a little bit of a crunch, which is really nice, and I waddled out feeling really well fed and blown away by this little gem.
The second time was a let-down.  The fish was noticeably less fresh, which makes all the difference.  My dinner partner and I compensated by trying out some of the offered appetizers: miso soup, the chicken skewers, the pork dumplings.  They were pretty tasty (I'm tempted to go back during happy hour and order only the fancy appetizers, thanks to some of these reviews).
Service here can be touch-and-go.  When I make up my mind to plunk down thirty some bucks on one dinner, I don't mind slow service because I don't mind stretching the experience out.  Aki feels perpetually understaffed, even though three folks working the floor (it's pretty cozy inside) should be more than enough.  Sometimes they dim the lights A LOT, which was just baffling.
Being completely and utterly broke, I have to love this place for the affordability and convenient location, but the quality can vary.Everything I have had here is good. The sushi is all fresh. Good drink and sake selection. I had the all you can eat sushi! It's super delicious and worth it in my opinion. You get a good selection of rolls plus apps! You have to finish your plate though, so don't over order. 2 of us got the all you can eat and then we were able to share different rolls.Great spot for sushi! We had a Groupon so it made our food a killer deal. The staff was really nice and the sushi was delicious! They have a seating area right when you enter with a bar and then a slightly nicer restaurant style seating area towards the back.  The front window opens up to a main street and there's lots of good people watching. The portions of fish were pretty big! We will definitely be back.Worst food I have ever ordered.  The vegetarian spring rolls were definitely a frozen variety and they were mushy.  The seaweed salad was probably defrosted over a week ago.  The maki rolls were poorly assembled and the rice was mushy and crunchy and most likely a day or two old.  The fish was also stringy.  The vegetarian ramen had egg noodles in it which the server denied.   If you have a Groupon the half price appetizers for happy hour does not apply.  The food was so disgusting I hardly touched it.  Hope I don't get food poisoning.Always come here for the all you can eat special. The sushi is always fresh and the service is very attentive. They ask that you don't waste food like most places and they do try to bulk up your sushi portions with a little extra rice to make you fuller faster. I love the salmon hand rolls and anything spicy. For $28 it's reasonable for AYCE and no one else in Philly will do that. You'll have to down to northeast to sushi kingdom or over the bridge for Tokyo in Deptford to find better deals on AYCE.A friend and I each did the three roll lunch platter. I got the spicy yellowtail, eel avocado and California roll. The sushi was good. It had plenty of flavor but wasn't fishy. The platter looked as good as it tasted. Well worth $12.
I look forward to coming back here.I'm usually a big fan of Aki. They have a really decent happy hour I've brought several different people here over time. Their tuna pizza is delicious and the drinks are pretty strong. Also,  they have all you can eat sushi how can you go wrong with that?
Well apparently you can. Stopped in here midday one day last week. There were 2 patrons at the bar area but no employee to be seen for a good two minutes. Granted it was between lunch and dinner. When he did show up he was very nice and it seemed he was taking care of everything front of the house. The service was brisk we received our appetizers at a very good pace. It's worth mentioning that the tuna and salmon in my sashimi appetizer was way too cold and didn't taste very fresh, the texture was off. That on its own is not a huge deal.
The problem started when the server, I think his name was Dave, went on break and a female server took over for him. She was absolutely horrendous!!! I watched her spend a good 15 minutes mopping/ messing with the mop in the bar area. Her service was extremely slow and spotty. We ordered fish and vegetable tempura and the fish was bad. We informed her of that and she retorted with we're probably not used to the flavor of white fish. C'mon I'm here eating raw tuna and octo do you really think I don't know what cooked white fish taste like. She could have just lightly apologized and that would have been alright. 
Honestly I would have left zero tip if it were not for the fact that the 1st server Dave would have been penalized for her terrible service and etiquette. DINERS BEWARE OF COOKED FISH at Aki!!!I would recommend this place!! :) I am a tough critic of sushi so 5 has to be top notch but this place is close! Friendly and quick service. Pricing was typical for what I pay in NH for sushi so that was nice. I expected the prices to be higher because of the city size. I plan on coming back to Philly again this year and this place will be on my list to return to :)I am not impressed with the service. My friend and I went there for lunch at around 2 pm and the place wasn't crowded. There were only 3 tables (counting us) yet the food was so slow to come out. We ordered a sushi combo which has a salad or a miso soup with it but the the waitress didn't even bother to ask us which one we would like. If my friend didn't ask her, she wouldn't have bring the side dish for us at all.
The food was good but not exceptional. I can find other Japanese places with good food and better service.Keyword here .. Value.
For budget-constrained sushi lover, we leave good sushi restaurants just not quite satisfied ... or with a burning hole in the wallet. For me, the typical order is a bowl of Miso soup, a couple of appetizers to share among the table, two rolls, and a few pieces of nigiri (can't resist white tuna or unagi). That will typically leave me spending about 10-15 bucks more than my student loans budget would like to allow. 
Aki's all-you-can-eat option is the perfect optimal for this dilemma. $26.95 for your own custom set Japanese appetizers, nigiri pieces,  sashimi, and rolls. The quality is good. Not "Giro Dreams of Sushi" good obviously, but definitely the kind of quality that leaves you disappointed. Plus, free Spicy Mayo
A few beefs: 1) the recent price hikes by 4 dollars, 2) the thickness of the slices in the sashimi appetizer (pro tip - get a knife and slice it thinner yourself), 3) occasional slow service and mix-ups, which is understandable because everybody getting all-you-can-eat means everyone at the table has a long customized list of similar but not exactly the same, items.I have been here several times over the past year and have noticed a definite decline. Started with dust on all the bottles and around the bar, then moved on to the freshness of the sushi. The motivating factor for me writing a review was the ginger that came with the sushi was rotten. Considering the pickled ginger was rotten, I can only imagine the fish. Nothing was done when I mentioned it to the server. The bad ginger was even packed with my leftovers :-/ Won't be coming back here again.Some friends and I came here for All You Can Eat sushi the other night. At $25 pp, we thought it was worth a try. So here's how it works - you order as much salad, miso soup, nigiri, maki, and hand rolls as you want off of their separate all-you-can-eat menu. There are some pricier items on the menu like red clam and sea urchin that are an extra $1.50 each, but I didn't order any of those. They bring it out, and as soon as they set down your plate, they ask you if you want to put in an order for more sushi, and so on and so on. Rules are you can only order off the menu, and you have to eat all of the sushi (rice, seaweed and all) or else you'll be charged the a la carte price. 
So I start off slow of course, with a salad and some hand rolls and nigiri.  And I was surprised at how delicious they were! It was in no way a buffet, where the food is plentiful and the quality is awful. The fish was all very fresh and prepared with as much care as any other meal there. And though we kept ordering more plates, each time, they brought out a new plate nicely garnished with pickled ginger and fresh wasabi. My favorite was the eel avocado hand roll and the white tuna nigiri - which was super buttery and fresh. 
All in all, i thought it was a fun experience. The sushi was good and my friends and I had a blast trying all of the different types. I still recommend Sagami as my fav sushi place, but Aki is a whole lot of fun.I went here for lunch on a Thursday and was excited to find they had some decent lunch specials (2 or 3 rolls for a lesser price than usual). The salmon was really fatty and I couldn't eat it. Their other fish was not terrific, but manageable. I am happy to say they replaced my salmon without issue, but I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as high quality as one might expect from a Center City establishment. The wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating -- didn't seem to mind me taking a little time to finish my beer and read a book. I appreciate a relaxed atmosphere.Probably the worst sushi I have ever had. I love sushi and I eat it all the time. I love to try new places that could be a better deal and taste good. My dad had a coupon, he paid $20 and we were given a $40 credit. We decided to try it out which we regret now. When we got there, we saw they had an all you can eat menu. We Love all you can eat sushi. Of course when I saw that they had it, we had to get it. We ordered five Rolls, a few Nigiri, 2 miso soups and 2 seaweed salads. The soup came out and tasted like a bowl of sodium. This Seaweed salad was ok. Then the sushi came out. Not only was the rice hard and cold, but the avocado had gone bad. I could barely even swallow the sushi. Of course my dad still wanted more after finishing the disgusting plate so we decided to get 2 sashimi appetizers, assuming each would only have one piece since it didn't say, and another roll. The sashimi was tuna. The tuna was stringy and tasted like it had been frozen and just came out of the freezer. It was disgusting. I could barely eat it without almost throwing up. When our other roll came out, I made my dad try it first. It was so bad, he started laughing and crying. In conclusion I would recommend not going there.Decent sushi, service left something to be desired. We had to wait a long time to be seated, actually approached, and then served. However, once we were, the waitress was very nice and did recognize that we waited a while. She comped us free soup/salad and ice cream to make up for it. Good sushi that doesn't result in a high bill overall (in Philly) is tough to find so I do recommend going here, but maybe not at a peak time. I came on a Sunday night which I didn't think would be. Only true complaint was another waitress complaining about our waitress and overall passive aggressive attitude of the entire front of house, other than our server.I went to Aki between classes the other day with 3 friends. Let me start with saying that I felt sick for about 24 hours afterwards, and so did one of my friends (we both happened to order the spicy yellow tail, which is why I believe the other 2 didn't feel "as" sick).
Oh but that's not the best part! What goes with a place full of raw fish better than flies? And bad service? Want to know how the two intersect?
So we're having some sake. Yes I said we went between classes, which necessitated the sake. The tiny bottle was gone in less than 2 rounds and in the last half shot glass full came with a gift, a FLY FLOATING DEAD IN THE SAKE. 
We called over the waitress, pointed out the fly. She did not apologize she just said "oh, I'll get you another glass" and brings a fresh EMPTY shot glass. We looked at her and I said "that was the last of our sake, do you think you could fill her up". She gave me an attitude-filled sigh, took the glass, filled it up about 1/3rd of the way with sake, and brought it back with even more attitude!
NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. IF YOU READ ONE PART ABOUT THIS REVIEW READ THE PART ABOUT THE RUDE SERVICE AND FLIES IN YOUR ORDER.This place was simply a disappointment. It has been on the list for awhile, so we made a reservation. We arrived on time, to be informed that it would be a five minute wait. After nearly 20 minutes, we were seated. It was at this point we attempted to order drinks, and they were out of everything we ordered. As our next mistake, we attempted to order sushi (you know, the reason most people go to the restaurant). Then we learned that the sushi would be "delayed", due to a large party. We had finally learned our lesson and walked out.They get 4 stars for the food, but I took a star off for the ridiculously slow service. I ordered takeout, they said it would take 15 minutes, so I show up 20 minutes later. It takes them another 15 minutes to get my food out - no big deal, it happens. Next time I order, again they say 15 minutes. I wait 30 minutes before heading over - again, it takes them 15 minutes to get me my food, 3 times longer than they said it would!
Don't come here if you're in a rush
EDIT: Bumped it back up to 4 because it hasn't happened recently.I went there with friends for happy hour and it was totally worth it!  A lot of their apps were 1/2 off, and delicious.  We had the gyoza, tuna tartare, different sashimi and rolls, and their ceviche.  My favorites were the yellowtail sashimi and tuna tartare- the fish was very fresh and tasted just right.  The gyoza was a huge portion - we would have been ok ordering just one since it came with six dumplings.  In truth, everything was delicious, and you can't beat the price.  Their cocktails were also very good - we tried the pomegranate lychee martinis and something sake-based.  Both were great -- not too sweet.  It was not too packed, and the ambiance was very relaxed.  Their booths offered a bit more privacy, but the noise level was not too bad even at full capacity.  Will definitely return for happy hour!I wouldn't say this is the best sushi place around with Raw and Fat Salmon being so close but it does the job.  It's relatively inexpensive, the servers are all friendly and it's clean.The service was incredible.... however, the sushi is subpar. We chose the all you can eat option, however, I felt like each roll was very different and very dry. This is my second time attending Aki and I felt like I was eating left over sushi. The best thing is that there is a bar and the aesthetic is quite pleasing but if you love sushi as much as my boyfriend and I do.... this is not the place for you.The service was so/so, the sushi was good, but for eight dollars the pour I received of Cabernet sauvignon was laughable.
The lunch menu seemed pretty nice. Too bad I was there at 7PM.I've been to aki for AYCE sushi. It was delicious. Today, I called in a pick up order and was told it will be ready in 15 minutes. I was running late out of work and got there 30 minutes late. The hostess said it was going to take another 10 minutes. I get my food and as I'm walking out, the hostess says "they messed up and we gave you an extra roll". Thinking this was so generous of them I thanked them and walked out. I originally ordered a spicy salmon and a spicy tuna. I got spicy salmon, salmon skin, and a philly roll (the one that they added extra). I'm sad I didn't get the tuna roll. This is the closest sushi to my house, I think I have to venture a little further next time.Decent sushi, all you can eat so I can't complain. Fried calamari is pretty good. But you can tell they cheap out on the sushi.. Got an eel avocado roll and it's like a tiny sliver of eel and 90% avocado.Decided to write a review after some weeks when I came here for dinner. So I got the AYCE and the sushi selection was limited to very basic rolls. When the order came, the rolls does not look eye catching. Maybe it was because the night was busy and the chefs were trying the best they could but even the sushi does not taste fresh. I had the mango roll and there wasn't much mango to it. Overall maybe it was a bad night but I would try this place one more time and order from thr menu instead of the AYCE.Very delicious sushi. Happened to have a groupon so figured I'd head into the city. We eat at a local sushi place and can be a bit picky. Prices were slightly higher than our usual spots in NJ but quality was fantastic on the fish. I got a roll called Ocean Commotion and it was sooooooo good. It was tempura white fish and sweet potato topped with avocado. Sort of like a smaller godzilla. They had very delicious looking and unique special rolls, I get tired of seeing the same things everywhere. I lucked out and got a rainbow roll accidentally for free because they gave me the wrong roll. It was very good but nothing compared to the ocean one. I would go back again when in Philly. It was very busy that night but food didn't take too long and waiter was nice even though the had to move quickly. They have all you can eat for more than where I am but quality on the special rolls is better, some have real crab.Came here because we heard of this 25 dollar all you can eat sushi. The waitresses can be rude at times, but I don't blame them. Its pretty hectic, everyone running around delivering food to tables constantly.  The sushi itself is decent. In addition to ordering sushi, the menu also includes things like miso soup and shrimp skewers. The only complaint is that they make the sushi with alot of rice in it. Probably so that you get fuller easier. The fish is ok, although not super fresh.
If your looking for a place to chow down on alot of sushi, I guess this is the place to be.I went here for the all you can eat special, but I quickly found that they definitely sacrificed quality for quantity.. and it's annoying that they force you to eat everything (or else you face a $ fee...).. 
The special rolls were actually really good, and the appetizers aren't bad.. but everything else was lacking. I asked for the red clam nigiri, but it was horrid.. it was thick and rubbery and warm.. almost impossible to chew.
I really want to rate higher, since the special rolls were really good.. but the other experiences were just that bad..
In short, I would only ever order the special rolls (and an appetizer). The all you can eat is not worth it..I like Aki.
It's a cute place to go to for a lunch date or a go-to japanese restaurant when we crave it.  It probably has more to do with the location more so than the food, though.
When we go, I always get the donkatsu and love it here.  Trust me, I've had donkatsu at so many restaurants growing up, and even had my mom make it for me.  It's difficult to find donkatsu that is rich and moist, and not burnt on the edges to hurt your teeth.  
We also order the lunch special sushi.  And the rolls I usually order are spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail and the last one depends on my mood of that day.
Oh, the salad that comes with it... ALWAYS order the salad, not the miso soup! They use a special house sauce that I always crave and sometimes order another salad to go home! The waitress remembers us and sometimes slips in another salad for us :)
I think it's a little overpriced for the food, but since we usually catch the lunch specials, it's very reasonable.  
Also, the service is great.  The waitress remembers us and is very quick to get us what we need.  I lvoe that.  She literally runs to get new chopsticks for us when we drop it. 
Overall, 4 out of 5 stars! A go to sushi place that never disappoints.In town for business looking for some good sushi! Aki sushi is the best sushi place EVER! I did the all you can eat for $27.95!!! Definitely worth it! I started off with miso soup, edamame and salmon sashimi. Then had the Lobster Mazy Roll!  Then the Salmon Avocado Roll and the seaweed salad. Finished up with Yellowtail, Salmon and Striped Bass over rice. I was so full! Lol. Food was amazing. Definitely recommend this place. Frank the manager served me at the bar tonight!!!! He was amazing and super nice and friendly. Made my dining experience fantastic. Can't wait to come back!!!!This was my fourth time visiting this Sushi restaurant and Sake Bar and each time here, I enjoyed the atmosphere and service hence me returning and this good review of them. It was a few days before my birthday so I decided to return from before which actually was several years ago.
 I sat at the bar where I was serviced by two different friendly women.
 I ordered the Dragon Roll along with an extra side of eel, my favorite and some Sake. The first time I ever tried Sake was on my third visit with a friend.
 It was good then and just as good this night. In remembrance of that night, I've been meaning to pick me up a bottle from Wine & Spirits but my other choices and wallet challenges dictates the purchasing of it.
 I had the house Sake which was a little less bodied than the other kinds there. With my phone needing a charge my server was more than glad to oblige me a few bars of juice. This can be a big deal in today's food and drink industry because so many of us rely on mobile communication and social connectivity as well as giving a good review via yelp which this restaurant gets. 
Keep up the good work guys. 
xoxoxoI went in for the all-you-can-eat special, but I stayed for the great service and good conversation.
When I walked in here around 5:30pm or so, there were just three people at the bar and one table of four.  I took a seat at the bar and was greeted right away.  The customer service here was top notch all the way, throughout my entire experience (about two hours).  
I ordered the all-you-can-eat for $24.95.  You order from a special menu for this, as they don't quite offer everything as part of the special.  It was a very good selection nonetheless.  I worked my way through a bit of everything and enjoyed it all.  The rolls were good, the sashimi was good, the sake was good... it was all good!
Try the lychee drink!
I'd go back.I come to Aki for their Lunch roll special of two rolls for $7 ( I tend to get their philly roll and a shrimp tempura roll) and their Happy Hour (where appetizers are half off). The service is always great and I've never been disappointed. A good place to satisfy your sushi cravingsCame here for dinner with a reservation and got it right away as they were not too busy. I got the park katsu bento box. The salad was amazing and quite plentiful. Just one star off because the size of my pork was pretty small for $18 even though I did get other food items. Other dinning partners had an all you can eat but they quickly became full after 2 orders. I also tried some stir fry udon noodles which was really good. 
Update: May 2017
Got the AYCE and I love the apps that is included in the menu. I will say the sushi is pretty good but their spicy tuna was not good. They use spicy tuna on many of their rolls which didn't taste good. I ordered some nigiri and it was bad. Overall I ate my full and the service was good considering it got busy later on during the night.So meh.
I've been here twice. Once for ACYE and once for a random late night sushi craving.
The AYCE wasn't too bad, but a bit expensive for the limited small dry rolls you end up getting.
The second time was silly. We came late night and put in an order for Sashimi. Just sashimi, nothing else. We weren't sure if the waiter had heard us right the first time so just to make sure we called him back over and reconfirmed with him and he agreed with what we said. . . I be you know where this is going because you've probably read it in Stephanie P.'s review, but when it did finally arrive, 15 min later (the restaurant was practically empty), it was Sushi & Sashimi. At this point we were too hungry to bother contesting it, we just wanted sushi, not another wait, so we ate it up, it wasn't too bad for a late night snack but the mistake and long wait unfortunately caused a denial of tip.
Find another sushi restaurant (there are a few not too far), it might cost you a few dollars more, but it'll be worth it.When I was in Philly over this past Columbus Day weekend and meeting with my best buddy for dinner, it was the best sushi experience I had.  There was this All You Can Eat Buffet for $25.95 and there were some good drinks too.  The ambience inside is very warm and comfy and the waitstaff was great.  If you are looking for a excellent sushi place in Philly, I highly recommend this place as their sushi is fresh.  Try it out, you won't be disappointed.Salmon was very fresh but the tuna wasn't. Overall, it was fine but not willing to go againThey don't know how to fry food!! Everything came out super oily and glazed in oil . the outside was oily but the inside was saturated in oil. I'm not sure if the oil was hot enough, but it was pretty gross. 
We ordered the soft shell crab, gyoza, tempura ice cream. Service was good, but food was horrible! 
I won't be returning...Had a great experience at Aki my second time around! A group of friends and I went in for dinner--all 9 of us decided to go with the $26.95 all-you-can-eat sushi option! This is definitely the way to go and if you want to try a variety of their special and hand rolls--some cost extra, but there are so many to choose from that we did not feel like we were missing any at all! 
Try their sashimi appetizer!!! The fish was so tender and buttery. I would go back just to have this! My friends and I left very satisfied :)
The service was decent. I haven't been there when there wasn't a lot of people, so we had to wait a bit for the refills on our waters. When we started ordering sake, the quality of our service picked up too.Excellent!  Very yummy.  I had the Green Peace Roll which combined kiwi, sun-dried tomatoes, cucumber, asparagus, and avocado.  It was amazing.  The portions were great and the price was not bad.  They have fantastic lunch and dinner specials, as well as a happy hour offering.
The decor is funky and the service was great!  A great place for lunch or dinner, and I will definitely be going back!I went to Aki for their all you can eat meal. This is a great value as you can sit there as long as you want and each as much sushi as you want; however the service is quite slow. The sushi was good but started to feel like they were intentionally bringing us out our dishes slow to nudge us to stop ordering even though it is an all you can eat. Although the sushi is very good and fresh, I wish the all you can eat options had more speciality fish, non tempura options as I do not eat shellfish. Overall I would still say go to aki for a great value if you want to eat your heart out in sushi.I really enjoy coming to Aki Nom Nom. It is right by my apartment, so when I don't feel like cooking, I will either go down to eat or make an order and bring it back to my apartment. 
The reason I have given 3 stars is because I highly enjoy eating there and prefer it to ordering food to bring to my apartment. The environment is very nice, and the food is delicious and comes out quickly. The staff is very friendly and ensures you're having a good experience. 
After eating there in person, I can say that the food isn't as good of quality as eating there when ordering out. However, it is still good food.Aki! Why!?!? Why are you getting me late for work again today (the second time)!! You have great sushi, great staffs, and nice settings. Why do you do that to me?  I have been to Aki many times since opened. I enjoy their all-you-can-eat sushi, happy hour items, and drinks. They all taste good and are in reasonable price! 
However, please think twice before you go for lunch special if you have less than an hour lunch-break. Of course, if time is not an issue for you, try to get the Lunch Special any 3-roll + free salad or soup for about $11.95. Very good!!Went to Aki last night with a large group (13 people) for a friend's birthday. Had a reservation for 8:00.
Started at the bar. Since I'm not a beer drinker and the wine and cocktails were priced comparably, I went for the Geisha cocktail. Whoa, was it good. Super, super good. I'd go back just to drink this drink! I forget what was in it...that's how good it was. I remember something about grenadine and mango, and having the drink taste a bit like grapefruit (typically I hate grapefruit, but this was delicious).
Anyway, on to the food.
The draw of Aki is apparently the all you can eat sushi menu for 25 bucks. I didn't opt for this because we had just had a massive amount of sushi on Tuesday night, so I was going to go a different route. I did notice that many people in our party did this, and they really got a bang for their buck. You can choose from salads, appetizers, sushi, sashimi, hand rolls, etc. Most people got a ridiculous amount of food, which really makes this a good option if you've got a craving and an empty stomach.
For me, I got the avocado salad, which was good because it was massive, but I felt the ginger dressing was not as ginger-y as it could have been.
Then I had the chicken yakitori. Three pieces of chicken on a stick with a spicy sauce that tasted much like soy. The sauce was really good, but the chicken was just "meh."
For my main meal I got a Philadelphia roll (I love me some cream cheese). I liked this roll because they did something to the salmon - crushed it, cut it, I don't know. It wasn't one big chunk of salmon in the roll. I like this because it made it easier to chew and all of the contents got mixed up in my mouth easily.
My husband got the Yaki Soba - chicken and shrimp stir-fried with soba noodles and veggies. It was decent.
My main gripe with this place is the service. They were SOOOO slow and they messed up three people's orders. If it weren't for that, I would probably bump my rating up to 3.5 or 4 stars.Went here last weekend with a large (20ish) group for a friend's birthday party. They accommodated the party well, with a long table down the center of the restaurant. I wish they'd had one more waiter/waitress on staff, but it was fine. Everyone enjoyed their appetizers and sushi. I'd go again.Aki provides consistently great service and food every time I go.  I have been here on a date and in a group of 8 and service is always smooth and attentive.  The ambience is appetizing - with the sushi bar in the back as if it were on a pedestal, and lush red booths and chairs.  
I have only had the all you can eat sushi buffet and always leave feeling like I ate a walrus.  The rolls are brought out promptly and I think the quality of the fish at Aki is better than at Mixx.  After swearing off sushi each time I eat such excessive amounts, I always end up coming back to Aki for more..Delicious! Staff was very friendly from the beginning. The all you can eat sushi and appetizers were of top quality, delicious without the fishy smells. We plan on coming back again soon!I only went because of their all-you-can-eat sushi. Many people mentioned that they had a lot of rice on their sushi, but that was not the case for my group. We tasted many different rolls, all delicious and the free appetizers that comes with the all-you-can-eat too. I say if you have enough money to try it, an empty stomach, and a craving for sushi/nigiri, Aki is not a mistake. (It would be a good bit of advice to bring a group if you're doing all you can eat). Service was also great too!Aki is a semi-regular lunch spot for me and various friends.  Their lunch specials are still among the best deals in the area -- and you get to enjoy them in a pleasantly comfortable atmosphere.  
Their starter salad is still tasty, but seems a little sadder and less vibrant than it used to be.  The rolls are better than average, but I wouldn't call them great.  The red-bean ice cream is, however, great.
The service can be a bit spotty.  The staff is consistently friendly, but sometimes seems clueless.  For example, two people in my group got sushi lunches and two got cooked lunches.  The cooked dishes arrived about fifteen minutes after the sushi dishes -- when the sushi eaters were almost done with their meal.  Seriously?  For dessert, we got two orders of ice cream split four ways, which was nicely done, but first three were brought out, then the spoons, then the fourth one.  Really?  So, overall, it's like 3.5 stars, but I'll round up because they're nice.Came here for happy hour. Happy hour includes the sushi bar starters and the appetizers. For the price of 1/2 off, it was amazing. The yellow tail dish was the best. A bit fatty but still a large portion. I would definitely try other happy hour items from Aki. Service was good too.Disclaimer: I got treated here so my review does not factor in the price. 
The service was awesome for AYCE sushi. From the hostess and waitress, it was very welcoming but that should be the standard. I guess it is not shown often in the States. My friend and I ordered almost everything on the AYCE menu from the sashimi platter (one time) to the fried calamari. 
We ordered the calamari nearly five separate times and the waitress was still friendly band attentive. I think the service was more of a 4 while the food is a 3. The atmosphere is somewhat casual and the restaurant is fairly spaced out. 
Overall, I would come back with some friends or to hangout and chill. Truly their friend calamari. I dig fried food, so try it if you're into tempura style food.We LOVE Aki.  Not only does it have great sushi it has a 25.99 all you can eat!!!!! This includes appetizers, sushi rolls, sashimi, etc.  It's a great deal and that comes with discounted alcohol.
Sekura works behind the bar is attentive and personable!!!I usually come here for the all you can eat sushi. I'd say it's decent quality for the price. There's a pretty large selection of specialty rolls included on the AYCE menu so it's a great deal. Drinks are really where the price adds up.Went to Aki recently for happy hour drinks and appetizers.  Prices are very fair - $3 beer, $5 specialty cocktails, appetizers 1/2 off.  We sat at the bar, drinking and ordering plates.
I enjoyed the jalapeno yellow-tail, shrimp dumplings, and beef negimaki.  The calamari was a bit chewy, but there's plenty of other enticing items on the menu I look forward to trying.  Aki doesn't skimp on the happy hour appetizers either; everything was fresh, well presented, and plentiful.   
I've also been here for dinner, and would agree with the other reviewers that the servings are large.  I'm not sure the all you can eat sushi would be worth it; three rolls and appetizers would satisfy two people easy.
Aki is a great experience, and for the price, it may be my favorite sushi spot.food is good, sushi they have lots of options however, the service is not good, you will be waiting for your food for a while. We didn't get our waiter until 20 minutes after sitting down. We should have left but we figure let's get this a shot. It was restaurant week and the food came out of order which added more to the dissatisfaction. I would not recommend it if you want a place with good service.All you can eat sushi for $25 in Center City on a Saturday?! Yeah, sign me up for that. Although I was disappointed that there's an add-on charge for specialty rolls, it's still a great deal.  The sushi rolls were solid- fresh and tasted okay.  While nothing was mind-blowing, I did stick with the non-special rolls like salmon avocado and spicy scallop. They also limit you to one sashimi appetizer but the sashimi is pretty good. For the price and AYCE, it's a good value. I'll be back.Tried Aki on the suggestion of my date, who knows my limited palate for sushi and promised I wouldn't be disappointed.  
For a Friday night it was typically busy but not insane.  I found the atmosphere pleasant and inviting, although loud.  Still, for a full house on a Friday at 7:30 pm, the wait was acceptable at 15 mins. and the bar was available while we waited. 
The $26.00 all-you-can-eat dinner was a worthy choice, and I'm glad that we chose this for our dinner. While I am in by no means a sushi connoisseur, I can say happily that everything I had the chance to experience was a pleasant surprise. The spicy crab rolls being my favorite, I was pleased with the vegetable tempura which was cooked to perfection and the spring rolls were among the best I have ever had. Everything appeared and tasted fresh and well-made.
With the exception of a table of about 10 screeching 20-something girls sitting behind us, (The lack of basic home training for this generation is just beyond me ) - it was a very pleasant experience and I am sure I will visit Aki again. 4 stars!Best part of the meal was the Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream! I would agree with some others that the fish certainly didn't seem like the freshest we had ever had, but also not the worst. We dined on a Monday and it was about 1/2 full for the duration of our meal. The service was great, no complaints there. We were sat in a booth which was comfortable and nice for a date night. Would definitely go back with the Groupon we used tonight! Not positive I would pay full price here-the rolls do not have enough variety and again the freshness was a bit questionable.When it comes to sushi you just can't beat all-you-can-eat.  In the newly re-designed Aki the car coming out of the wall is gone but the sushi is still delicious.  For $25, so long as you can reign in your sake drinking, you can choose from as wide a range as any, save for the big boys.  While $5 more expensive than before, Aki's new look is the same great sushi with far less restrictions and reliance on ordering points.  Just pick out your old standby's, try something new and don't dwell on the car, it never really worked there anyway.I love Aki. It's a trendy atmosphere, with great sushi to boot. If you go for the lunch special, you really get a good deal - choice of miso soup or salad and a main course (sushi or udon noodles). The sushi is fresh and tasty, and the salad comes with this ginger dressing that I kind of want to buy in a bottle for myself. 
As other reviewers have noted, the $25 all-you-can-eat sushi special is worth it as well.
Another note - try the mochi ice cream for dessert! A nice, light end to a meal.I love their lunch sushi special!!! Great fresh California rolls, and they have a sundried tomato and avocado roll which is spectacular as well. Haven't had a roll that I didn't like! I also highly recommend the Geisha, one of their specialty cocktails. Happiness in a glass!!!We went during happy hour which is between 430-7, apps are half price and beer is $3. I had calamari that was a bit burnt and chewy. The hand rolls were good but could have been neater. The service was pretty good but there were only a few other guests. Aki has a nice atmosphere and decor. For 3 people that all got two drinks an app as well as 2 hand rolls our bill was $59, will definitely go back!I ordered three rolls, each worth about $15, so to save a few bucks I went with the all you can eat option. Two were relatively decent while the last one, which were tuna in a heart shape was very bland and not enjoyable. I could barely finish it all, probably because of the amount of rice.Good sushi and the 'all you can eat' for $27 is a great deal.  Limited wine/beer selection but that's not why you would go there.
I gave it a 4 out of 5 because the last time I went the waitress (who also doubles as the bartender) was extremely rude.  It was a busy Saturday night but still, no excuse.Came here for the $25 all-you-can-eat sushi special with a friend. Left very full, but not completely satisfied. Obviously, I cannot and will not compare the quality in all you can eat sushi with sushi found in a place like Vic's or Morimoto, but even then, the fish was just not of great quality. The sashimi platter was wonderful, but the rest was far less than stellar. Expect large chunks of rice with little slivers of fish.It was a good place to visit on our trip to Philly.  The waitress was very friendly, even keeping a cheerful face when I changed my order after she'd sent it to the kitchen.  Our sushi and tempora was very nice but I'd skip the duck rolls, they were a bit odd.Save your time and money. I ordered takeout and informed the person who answered the phone. while i was speaking with him, he hung up the phone. I called back and a young lady answered and assured me that the restaurant did not use nuts. When my food arrived, the calamari was overcooked and inedible. I also ordered the ramen soup and the bamboo smelled spoiled or rotten. The food at Aki Nom Nom is definitely not worth the price. The restaurant serves low quality food and they charge high prices. I wouldnt have minded paying the high cost for the food, if the quality good and the food is prepared well. Save yourself the time and money. Aki Nom Nom needs to make some improvements.Solid happy hour with awesome drink prices and cheap apps. The service was a little iffy, that being said I was with a party of 15 so I get it.  The sushi (only veggie for me so I always feel a little weird reviewing) was tasty enough, but again hard to mess up avocado, rice and seaweed. I did try their asparagus roll and it was really yummy.  Drinks are strong, and tasty.For an all you can eat sushi bar, it's pretty cheap for $25, not including tax. For two people, it'll probably cost $62 including tax (if you don't order any of the other dishes that costs extra). They have a lot of different rolls which all taste pretty good, but I was definitely disappointed by their lack of sashimi, other than the sashimi appetizers (which you can only order one per person). I feel like they're just feeing you these rolls with rice to fill you up. 
The shrimp tempura is never a disappointment and so is the spicy tuna, and crispy salmon skin. The appetizers are all pretty good and specifically recommend the Gyoza and vegetable spring roll. The hand rolls are good as well, but very fulfilling, so you might want to save that for later. 
Overall, I've been to better all you can eat sushi places, but this place is pretty cheap, so you get what you pay for.I had dinner with a friend yesterday and I was not disappointed with the AYCE. The sushi was fresh and delicious, especially the salmon and tuna. My friend and I couldn't get enough.  The special rolls were excellent and tasty also. We even ordered from the appetizers menu, we had the soft shell crab tempura and agedashi tofu. The staff was extremely hospitable and very efficient. We ordered at least 4-5 rounds of sushi and we didn't have to wait too long for our food. It was great! I would definitely go back.We came here for the Sushi Smackdown event last night. What an amazingly fun experience this was! The staff members were very friendly and attentive. The warm house Saki was delish (not to mention how unique and yummy the different rolls were)! The ambience was romantic with nice lighting and japanese art. Will definitely be back for more chef battles! My BF even got in on the sake bomb contest!  SUSHI SMACKDOWN!!!Ordered a lunch special, 3 rolls for about $13? Don't quote me on that but it was super cheap! Came with a salad or soup as well. The food was all amazing and filling ! I couldn't eat it all at once and was happy to eat the left overs later. Can't wait to go back for my bday dinner in two weeksBesides the ambiance I wish I could rate this with no stars.  It was my first experience here and will be my last. My boyfriend and I went to get all you can eat on a Thursday afternoon. There was  5 tables being use ( including my boyfriend and I) so it wasn't a busy day however the service was VERY slow.
We would have to wait 20 to 30 minutes each for our sushi. And when we would get our sushi it had a semi warm taste to it. 
 When we got our bill we expected to get change back( 15 dollars) the waiter did not return with our change. My boyfriend was infuriated and demanded our change, the waiter didn't even know how much he had to give back until we broke down the math in the bill. :/Picked up some to-go sushi from Aki the other night. The hostess who took my order seemed generally like a very confused person, but it was fine. My complaints are the food quality. I got a sashimi platter and the fish was just tasteless. Such a bummer! The trick is to get the elaborate rolls here, spicy mayo and tempura crunch solves everything!I visited here for all you can eat Groupon. I'm usually skeptical and figure there is a catch with low quality items or extremely slow service to limit the amount of food you can stuff in your face, but I was pleasantly surprised with how fast our orders came out. 
We came later in the night and past the normal dinner rush hour. The place was decently filled, but it didn't seem too busy, so our sushi orders were quickly made and served. We ordered appetizers, rolls, and specialty rolls that cost a little extra, which isn't that big of a deal. We quickly stuffed our face and ordered more sushi, more appetizers, and repeat. At one point, the appetizers did take longer than expected. Our server was friendly, but we could tell he is busy running around, but it's not too difficult to flag down another waitstaff to get our server. 
Ambiance was fine with music that wasn't too loud. They have a bar up front with televisions. Booths that sit four, tables that sit two, space for large parties, and sushi bar. Bathrooms were clean.
We all left feeling extremely filled and satisfied. I would recommend checking it out. You're not getting top shelf sushi, so don't go in expecting that.Great sushi at a reasonable price. Try the salad.This place was amazing! My boyfriend and I went here on my birthday and we did the AYCE sushi and it was phenomenal. The food was very fresh and very tasty! It was not a long wait at all. We ate until we were full and the waiter was amazing he served us very well. I definitely recommend this place because it's worth the the money. Great birthday dinner!Had the lunch special  (3 rolls with choice of salad or soup for about $12). It was good but I've had better. The service was ok.  I was the only person there and it took about 10 minutes before waiter came to take my order after I was seated.  Food came in about 7 minutes. I would come back again especially to try the all-you-can-eat option for $27.The service at this place is repeatedly awful, even for take-out.
The most recent time I was here was on a weekend.  This was after I'd already had a bad experience here but I'm a second-chance type of gal.  This experience was sadly, even worse.  It was pretty apparent that they were completely and utterly understaffed and overwhelmed.  It took several minutes for the host to be able to seat us.  He was so harried it was hard to feel excited about eating here.  After we finally ordered, it took a while and nagging just for my dinner date to get his beer.  We then proceeded to wait literally one hour for our food.  My dinner companion was finally so annoyed that he spoke to the waiter, who rather than being apologetic, seemed to make excuses ("It's dinner hour man...").  It was even worse that two couples who were seated after us already received their food and were seemingly happily eating.  The waiter brought the manager over, who tried her best to smooth things out, but even with her helping, it still took several, several minutes for our food to get made.  I don't know if they forgot our order or what, but whatever was served definitely was not worth this unpleasant dining experience.  
I'm a second chance type of gal but not this time.  Not when I've already tried out Aki many times and it fails to deliver in so many different ways.Came here on a whim for the all-you-can-eat sushi dinner special. Menu selection was good, ranging from the usual tuna, salmon and yellowtail, all the way to rainbow, spicy spider and other specialty rolls. Most of the specialty rolls were included with exception of a few. Rolls come out relatively quick which was nice since we were starving. That said, fish wasn't the freshest, especially the tuna, which had a slight bitter taste. The nigiri were large, wish they didn't put quite as much rice in them and let the rice cool so it wasn't warm on the plate (really throws off the taste and feel). Spicy spider roll was spot on though with big pieces of crab and they didn't overdo it on the spicy mayo. Service was friendly and quick. Might come by if I have a large group of people since the seating is plentiful but otherwise stick to other places for a quieter night outit was just ok.  nothing special...$24.95 all you can eat...8oz house sake for $5...needs improvement though...they should use better vinegar for their sushi rice...switch their soy sauce...and their ginger...(smelly...funky after taste...)Good Things:-
1)Service : very very good.
2) Food: I am a veg and loved their restaurant week menu.
Suggestions:-
1) The anthropometry should be improved. Tables are too high and chairs too low. makes one uncomfortable.All you can eat is great! The Groupon makes it 50% off. Be sure to make a reservation if you're coming for dinner on a weekend. The sushi is good, but nothing noteworthy. The fried calamari is really good. You can get all you can eat special rolls for an additional $1.50 or $2.50 to your bill. You order with your server like any restaurant; you don't get a checklist like other all you can eat places. It's definitely worth it if you have the Groupon.So disappointed. Aki's caliber has gone down significantly for the AYCE sushi. They used to be the only place in philly that gave fair portions of fish to rice ratio. Sadly now it's become just like EVERY AYCE sushi crap joint, now with WAY more rice to fish ratio. The rice was SUPER salty and so undercooked, which that alone is unforgivable. The fish slices are either really thin or they give you the odds and end pieces. All 6 pieces of our eel was nothing but thick skin and slime...ugh it was so grossly chewy too. If you haven't been to AKI in a long while for AYCE sushi, don't waste your money...it's not the same as it used to be.The best one Japanese food in Philly. A good choose is "All you can eat", so you can order so much options for a really good price.I want to give this place another try. I went in there and got their 3 roll lunch combo and it was really good. My complaint about the sushi was with my tuna roll, my tuna didn't taste all that fresh. But my salmon and yellowtail tasted awesome. That was the only reason I gave it a 3 star instead of a 4. Next time I go back will be for the all you can eat.Best place for all you can eat. They have a half off group on too. Everyone who says the sushi is bad is hyping. Obvi it's not the best quality I've ever had but it IS good in my opinion. Idk why these people are giving 2 stars based on quality for a $29 all you can eat sushi spot that offers a half off groupOn LOL! For what they offer and market: affordable, decent, mass amounts of sushi,  I give them 5 stars!Personally, I'm a foodie. I personally like the Pork Bun, the House Fried Rice and the Salmon Tuna Sushi Rolls. And nothing beats sushi and beer. Will be back for more!!Very underwhelming sushi for the all you can eat special, on top of that, the special rolls aren't that great. The service was just as bad. My party of 12 waited for our food for more than an hour. Would never recommend coming here.The food was great, but the service was the reason I'd rush back. Rudy was probably the best waiter I've had in years!Solid sushi in a nice, comfortable restaurant, with attentive service.
Had both the "a la carte" and the all you can eat.
The sushi is reasonably priced enough, that the "a la carte" works if you are not having a heavy meal. But the all you can eat is a decent deal, if you want the works and order a variety of appetizers and sushi. (***Note most of the special sushi has an extra surcharge)
We did not experience any of the waiter/waitress problems previously mentioned, ours can and checked on us quite frequently. During dinner the restaurant got somewhat busy, and so to keep the sushi coming, I would recommend being ready with your next order, when your current order arrives.
Good stuff.The bartender with the short blonde hair (sorry don't know her name) was great. She was the host and bartender last night.... seemed very busy but served us right away, kitchen was super busy and she made sure she told us there would be a wait and kept asking us if we were ok. She really seemed attentive and unfortunately now in days thats not common. Anyway, great food and drinks were not watered down! I would definitely come here again.Food was excellent. Service was so so. We went around 8 pm and were the only customers in the place. A few more came in as we ate. Sushi was awesome as were the noodles. Drinks a bit of a rip off. I'd go back if I'm in town again.I've been to Aki a good handful of times (9 or 10?).  As many have said before, they have an all-you-can-eat sushi selection.  For those unaware or new to this sort of thing, you order as much as you think you can eat and they make the rolls/nigri pieces.  It's not the type where you scoop up old sushi pieces on a hot plate at a regular buffet!  Just don't over order or else they will charge you a la carte prices.
I never had any trouble with the service or the sushi.  I have also never had to wait on a table either.  Not sure if I am lucky or what, but it's awesome getting your food in a punctual manner!  Plus, on a few occasions, I admittedly couldn't finish my plate, but my waitresses always let it slide.  They also comped us once for free sake due to some error on their part, which is pretty schweeeettt.  
As for the food itself, I do nottttt recommend any rolls with Jalapeos.  Personally, I did not think it mixed well with the sushi at all. It overpowered the subtle taste of sushi.  Other than that, the sushi here is fresh.  If you haven't been spoiled by top-quality sushi from a high-end restaurant, this place is great quality for the price. On a side note, I believe the special rolls, as typical of a lot of sushi places, are drenched with a lot of sauce so I suggest asking for less sauce or order other sides of more plainer rolls/sushi to balance the overwhelming sauce. Additionally, they have the most selection of appetizers than a lot of all-you-can-eat sushi places I've been to.
P.S.  They have Kirin Ichiban (tastes exactly like Coors Light imo), Sapparo, and Sake (take it warm!) here.Stopped in around 9 PM for a late dinner and was promptly told "they were out of everything and couldn't seat us"
Not sure how that was possible but I think that's a pretty poor excuse as it seemed like the waiter did not want to seat us.
Leaving annoyed, we ended up going down to Spicy Memory and had an awesome meal. Most likely won't try to go back to Aki because of this. Very disappointed.Wonderful waiter and great atmosphere. Unfortunately, the sushi was difficult to swallow. We went into an all you can eat with the expectation that we were sacrificing quality for quantity but we were not prepared for how truly terrible the food could be. I love all ranges of sushi but this was some of the worst I have ever had. Even the seaweed salad and appetizers were disappointing. 
Hate to say it, but stay away, especially for 35 dollars.Awesome food, fabulous service, and reasonable prices!!! Came in based on other Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Will definitely be back!!!!!!Had lunch here for restaurant week. My favorite dish was the ahi tuna & avocado salad. Very beautiful and tasty! The dumpling appetizer was very good but the tuna entree wasn't as good. Tempura ice cream was also great. Served warm, very tasty! The mango ice cream was good but too sweet to pair with the tempura. It was perfect with vanilla!2 stars because quality of food and service have both gone downhill, and the price of all you can eat gone up to $27.95.  You can choose any appetizers you like with this deal, but many of the rolls on the menu add $2-$3 more if you wanted them. It should be already be included. Also, when you get the all you can eat deal, the sushi comes with a lot more rice on it than the filling, and you are 'required' to eat all the rice, else you get charged more! This is crazy!  Maybe it was because we used a Groupon that the quality of the food was low.
We went at a time when it was not very crowded, so its not like they were really busy. Not only did we have to wait long for the rolls to come, but they were not put together very well either, as they fell apart and were very messy. When we told the server, he just said ok. The quality of the rolls was sub-par, and you could hardly taste or see the filling whatever it was you got.
We also ordered a bento box. I ordered a salmon teriyaki, but the there was hardly any sauce on the fish. Since they served it with, again, a lot of rice, I asked for more sauce which they brought, but it was completely bland. It did not even taste like teriyaki sauce.  
I am just not pleased with Aki anymore.  I've had better food elsewhere and would prefer to not go here anymore.Came here with a large group of friends for all you can eat sushi and wow, we had so much food that day! From miso soup to seaweed salad to sashimi to a whole platter of rolls, their food was great. I know that there are some mixed reviews on here about Aki, but we had an awesome experience the day we went. Our waiter was also very patient with our large group as we tried to decide what to order. We left lunch feeling very full and satisfied. Definitely a great place for all you can eat sushi- you may want to skip on dinner the night beforePrices were reasonable for the city.  I ordered gyoza and shrimp tempura.  Both were very tasty and true to Japanese flavors.  Gave a score of 3 due to slow service by waitress (although she was extremely nice) and rudeness by hostess.  Hostess was also dressed unprofessionally in shorts that showed her butt cheeks and a midriff shirt.  Didn't seem to fit for the restaurant atmosphere-it wasn't a bar or nightclub.Great place for Happy hours. $5 wells drinks and $3 dollar beers. I like! Anyway, I ordered the lychee Mojito, it was very tasty and strong. I had to water it down a little because it was too strong for me but it was very good. I also got a sea weed salad which was pretty tasty too. My friends ordered a bunch of different food that I did not get to try but it looked pretty tasty. I will definitely come back to try some sushis!I've been here a few times.  I actually really like this place.   But not tonight.   Service was terrible.   The hostess was completely oblivious.   She didn't greet us and acted like she was bothered that my friends and I even came in.  She was quite rude. 
We were sat at a cramped table when there were many other tables available. 
The waitress took forever to arrive at our table because she was having a conversation at another table.....  which I blame the hostess who failed to let anyone know we were seated. 
The whole night was pretty weird. 
As much as I liked this place before,  I'm sure I'm not returning.   There are too many great restaurants in the city to be bothered by mediocre service.The sushi here is delicious!  They have a good variety of maki rolls and traditional nigiri, which works well for my tastes.  They also make great cooked dishes, so those friends who aren't so into the raw fish side of things will be happy.  The $24.95 all you can eat special is a great deal, since they make it all fresh as you order.  The lunch specials and happy hour prices are amazing!
Service is completely random.  Some of my servers have been great, but it's generally the slowest slowy slow service ever.  But I keep coming back because the fish is yummy and I leave full, happy and not broke.  So yay!Came here purely for beef terikyaki for dinner. Price is on high side. about $24 with tax +15% tip for 1 Dinner Terikyaki bento. This comes with Tempura (which tasted like they took a premade frozen bought from store and just served that), California rolls (very little hard rice not well seasoned), salad was ok, came with hard white rice too 0 not moist, and finally, the terikyaki "steak" per se was hard and chewy. Not quality meet. There was more cartilage than meat. 
Would not come here again nor would not recommend it.
Service on a sunday night: the staff seemed unhappy and unfriendly. they did not come by unless I hand waved them down. 0/5 stars for service.I am in town for work and the customer service was amazing. I'm from a small town in indiana and I left feeling at home. I had the edamame and sushi sampler. Melt in your mouth and was suggested a great wine pairing!I love coming here. I live in NY and have been here several times because the food is that good.  The owner is all about her business and keeping her customers happy.  Come early or face the consequences of not being able to get a table here.I've eaten at a good amount of Japanese restaurants, and this is one of the best I've been to. Their specialty rolls are creative, with eclectic ingredients, and the wait staff is friendly and attentive. If you try nothing else, make sure you get the golden dragon roll for $13. It's one of the best -- if not the best --  roll they offer. Can't beat their $25 all you can eat special. Would definitely make it a regular spot.I am not from the area and found the place based on just searching sushi on yelp. 
Service -
So slow. I came in and no one was at the hostess entry spot. I was waiting for about 5 minutes till she finally came back to seat me. When at my table I felt ignored and was not even asked after my food came out if everything was okay. Also I ordered wine and wasn't even asked when I was finished if I wanted another glass. 
Food -
I see they have all you can eat sushi and the price is good. While that wasn't what I got I like places that have AYCE and if that's something you were looking for when getting sushi then this place wouldn't be bad. For what I got and the price it was expensive to not be blown away. I ordered an eel avocado roll and a shrimp roll. There was almost no eel and the shrimp was shrimp tempura and not regular shrimp like I asked and wanted.
Drinks -
I love plum wine and was happy to see it was on the menu. At $9.50 a glass it seemed over priced and there was maybe 3 sips in the glass. 
Overall -
If you want AYCE sushi I would give the place a chance but otherwise it was an overpriced, poor service restaurant where nothing I had made me want to go back.So here's the thing...The service was great (well, the waitress kept getting a little too close in my face for comfort but otherwise she was nice)! The food was not so great. In fact, it's one of the WORST sushi restaurants I've ever been to. I chose to go the all you can eat route so I could try numerous options and eat more, duh. So at 27.95, this is the most expensive all you can eat sushi I've tried--and the worst out of all of them). All of the sushi sucked. Even the nigiri sucked. On my first round of nigiri, the fish was cut way too thin for the amount of rice in each piece. In addition, nigiri showcases the quality of the fish as opposed to ordering a roll with a bunch of added ingredients, etc. (obviously sashimi is the best way to taste the true quality of the fish but that wasn't a part of the all you can eat). I was not pleased with the quality at all. At a sushi restaurant that should be one of the basic things you DON'T suck at! The rolls that I tried all tasted pretty much the same--very nondescript. Two rolls were spicy and the others were fried...or something..yeah, that's how unmemorable they were. Anyway, the most frustrating thing is that this place was given good reviews by several articles (which is the reason why I decided to give it a shot). Please, please, PLEASE do not fall for the fact that this place was given 4.0 stars on Zagat (https://www.zagat.com/r/aki-philadelphia). This is the second time I've been majorly disappointed in a place that was given a good Zagat review. Really upset I paid the highest price I've ever paid for all you can eat sushi and got the worst quality out of all the places I've been to. SAVE YOUR MONEY, DO NOT EAT HERE. I REPEAT. DO NOT EAT HERE.I came here on a Saturday afternoon with a group of friends. The weather outside was awful, which may have contributed to it being fairly empty when we arrived. They were very accommodating and pushed tables together for us, so brownie points there. The ambiance is very cozy, with soft chairs and quiet music playing in the background. The song selection was a little bit on the depressing side, but maybe we were all just more sensitive to it what with the weather and all. 
We all got the $25 all you can eat special, which is a great deal. They have a large and diverse AYCE menu, including appetizers, which was unexpected and awesome. The miso soup wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was excellent for the cold day outside (sorry Philly people, just because it's above freezing doesn't make it warm). The fried calamari and gyoza were delicious. Sushi-wise, I had the spicy tuna roll and the rainbow roll. The spicy tuna roll wasn't very spicy, but it was still very good, and the rainbow roll was excellent. I will say the avocado was on the brown side, but I'm a Californian and an avocado snob, so don't let that affect your judgment. 
The service was excellent, and it was a great experience all around. I will certainly be going back whenever I need to stuff myself with sushi!I have been coming here for about two years and tried a lot of dishes. All the food is excellent. Frank the bartender is the best. Happy hour is worth it.We shared the golden dragon and samurai rolls, and the portion was big enough to satisfy us.  I especially liked the golden dragon roll because the mango gave it an extra twist.  Service is very attentive and our food was delivered quickly.  Prices are decent but the all you can eat option is very limited compared to sushi palace in nj.Atmosphere is great in this new spacious restaurant. Food is not. 
How about a dry cold duck leg with side of raw potato and a bowl of rice plus a single lifeless stick of flavorless boiled bok choy? And to top it off, the duck sauce is as good as reduced cool-aid. Plum  wine my behind. And all this for $21? Excuse me?!? If you can't cook a simple potato, don't open a restaurant!
Service is fine, a bit on the grouchy side. Sorry, but the cool, swanky atmosphere doesn't even begin to make up for the poor food.One of the only places to offer all you can eat in Philadelphia.  However, too much rice for a tiny portion of fish on the nigiri all you can eat, what a cheap trick, you guys should just raise your prices to cover the costs.It was ok. We ordered to go one night while on vacation. Nothing fancy...I did note they used the pink ginger (lower quality). The place seem to keep busy.The sushi is nothing special, everything is overpriced for what you ge and the service is slow.  
My friend ordered Udon and they brought out a plate!!!! A freaking bloody plate of what looed like stir fry noodles.  Letter to Aki, don't call that crap Udon and while you're at it, go google Udon so tha you can see what it actually looks like.
I will give them their props that the fish was fresh enough.Very good sushi and VERY reasonably priced. The service was lacking a bit. It was difficult to flag down our waitress, but overall a great experienceLove the happy hour menu.  The lunch specials are good for the price.  I really enjoyed their cocktails over the foods.  I don't have much to say...I heard about Aki from a few people in the area because of their ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI FOR $25. There's a catch, if you want any signature rolls, you add $2 to the charge. However, I didn't get the all you can eat sushi so I could save room for dessert! 
I'm a sushi lover, so it'll take a really awesome spot to get all of my stars. This place was really, nice though. It had great ambiance, dim lighting, and friendly staff. 
I had the VOLCANO ROLL which was pretty good. I like a lot of flavor, so it was missing the kick I really wanted. I also had the POMEGRANATE MARTINI, which was also pretty good. It was heavy on the liquor, but lacking in the flavor department. Good depending on what you like to get out of your typical cocktail. 
For dessert I had the BANANA TEMPURA which was top notch!! This was the only reason Aki earned my 4th star... This was so tasty. I've had desserts like this before, but this just might be the best! The batter was crispy and light, and the ice cream was just perfect! Perfect for sharing, but of course it was so good I didn't even share a bite!Had a great time tonight with friends. Only snag was being seated at a table that hadn't been wiped nor set even though plenty were available.
My friends and I did the all you can eat. Appetizers, sushi, and dessert were very good and arrived promptly. Dessert is separate from the all you can eat menu but the fried ice cream is worth it.One word, SUCKS! I went to Aki through a friend's referral but the food was not what I expected. I went to Aki with my sister and my best friend. My best friend was sick and the only thing she was craving was sushi and Udon. The service was not as bad but it was definitely not good. The sushi was bad!! I prefer quality over quantity. They do have a nice deal on the sushi buffet, but I would not pay $30 for the sushi there. The fish had a faint rotten smell and the Udon smelled like feet (I'm not exaggerating on the feet smell). I did not finish my food.
My group and I wanted to change from the buffet course to just the regular course because we could not eat that much. At Aki if you decide to do the buffet course, you have to pay gratuity of 18% (no matter how many people go)!!! However, when we switched they told us we had to pay the gratuity because we decided to have the buffet course first!! On top of that, the waitress expected more tip! I was so upset I left exact change and left. 
I will recommend Aki to people who like quantity over quality but if you like quality over quantity, THEN DO NOT GO HERE!If you're a sushi fanatic like myself, going out for a meal can get expensive pretty quickly. Luckily, there's all-you-can-eat places like Aki! For $27, you can eat as many appetizers, rolls, and nigiri you want! There are certain restrictions: only one sashimi appetizer per customer and only a select list of specialty rolls. If you don't finish, they charge for the amount of food you leave behind, so don't let your eyes get bigger than your stomach!
The service tends to be a little slow, which is understandable when there are only two waiters on the floor for the entire restaurant. I frequently have to remind my server about orders after waiting for more than half an hour, and once they come, sometimes the orders are still wrong.
At the end of the day, you get what you pay for. I still come back pretty frequently because for the price, it's still totally worth it.Came here only because I had a groupon and wanted to check it out... service was great but the food was alright. Every sushi roll piece fell apart and pretty much prepared by an amateur chief. I'm not sure if anyone else had this issue or if they rotate chiefs often.. but loose sushi rolls off the bat isn't a good sign.. I was also confused because before I came in, I looked at the online menu and the regular rolls said 6pc but I only got 4-5 rolls for the majority of the regular rolls..Sushi is probably my favorite type of food, and when I get a craving but don't want to spend too much I generally go to AKI.  The AYCE menu is decently priced ($25) and now includes AYCE appetizers.  The ginger dressing on the greens salad is amazing and something I look forward to everytime I go.  For the most part I would say the sushi is good quality, although I have definitely been a few nights where it has been inconsistent.  Although the service is generally nice, it isn't always the fastest.  Altogether, I am a fan of AKI when I want a lot of sushi for a decent price, but if I'm looking for top-notch quality I go elsewhere.I went for a friends birthday. Great service, great food. Nothing much to say really. The environments great, the place was busy the whole time but the waitress definitely was not slow and came over whenever we needed. The sushi wasnt like the other places where they stuff up with rice. The all you can eat menu was AWESOME. Honestly the only reason why theres one less star because I thought the lady judged us for a bit for eating so much.The food was pretty good. We came for lunch. I had the seafood miso soup and gyoza. I am willing to go back.A friend recommended me this place, and I have been there several times. The quality of sushi and sashimi there is unstable, sometimes not fresh at all. The service there is always slow and not so good. If you want enjoy your food, don't go there. It is a place with unfresh food, bad service, and it is overpriced.Aki is good! It's in a convenient location. The place is clean and the staff is super nice.
Every roll I tried was also good. I wouldn't say delicious but I was pleased with my experience.
They have an all you can eat menu BUT some items are extra... they have apps, basic rolls and some specialty rolls included in the 28$ all you can eat.
It's a fun place to go with a big group who loves sushi!UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT!!! All you can eat sushi come hungry!!!! Bartender is friendly food is quick at lunch time. I think that's the best time to do no crowds!!The atmosphere is nice here. Looking in from the outside, the lighting and color of the restaurant gives the place a classy yet casual feel to it, allowing someone to feel comfortable, especially if he/she is visiting for the first time. I must admit that the space is slightly cramped, especially in the front where the bar is, so I worry about what the place would look like during happy hour and/or the peak time for dinner. Luckily for me and my friend, we came when the place was relatively empty. The waiter who seated us was very friendly, social, and honest. Throughout our experience, he constantly came back to fill our 3/4 filled water/tea, wipe the table, and ask if there were any questions or concerns. The rest of the staff were very nice as well, but our waiter was definitely the most solid with the service, giving us the fullest experience he could provide. 
Now for the food. 
Compared to a cheaper all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant that is closer to my town, which had a whole page of kitchen food and a dessert section in addition to the variety of sushi/nigiri to choose from, the menu at Aki is actually quite small, maybe to the point where the $25 fixed price is a little bit over the head. 80% of the special rolls section even charged 2 extra dollars to what we have to pay, which, in my opinion, is kind of ridiculous. My friend and I haven't eaten all day, so we opted for that option anyway, figuring that even though we seemed to be more limited than we should be, we would make our money's worth anyway. We sampled most of the kitchen food, and the taste was good. From the fried calamari to the shumai to the simple seaweed salad, everything was fresh and hot to the table. Our sushi followed as we finished up that round, consisting of basic rolls such as eel-avocado, yellowtail, salmon-skin, and a variety of nigiri for myself since my friend didn't eat too much raw fish. I bit into the smoked salmon nigiri and my mouth was instantly flooded with the smoky taste that you can't find in packaged smoked salmon. The rice to fish ratio was a little bit off and the rice broke up under the slice, but those small things weren't enough to deter me from the satisfaction I received from eating that slice of salmon. The white tuna and eel nigiri I tried immediately after also didn't fail to impress, as the white tuna was very fresh and the eel was well cooked and given just the right amount of sauce not to overly drench the eel, as most restaurants do. It was a great initial experience. 
Again, I said "initial" 
After our first round of both kitchen and sushi entrees, my friend and I were ready for another round of ordering. It wasn't as satisfying. After much convincing to my friend, I ordered another round of smoked salmon nigiri (because after all, 'smoked' means 'not raw'...) and I was quite disappointed. Not only did the rice fall apart while I was trying to pick it up, but the salmon was very tough. So tough that I found myself trying to rip the salmon apart with my chopsticks so that I could have a better chance of being able to chew and swallow it. We also ordered a round of fried spring rolls, which came in a plate with what was supposed to be orange sauce on the side. Unfortunately, they might have poured too much sauce because it didn't stay put on the other side of the plate. As a result, much of it flowed under the spring roll, so by the time they served it to us, the spring rolls were soggy and drenched. I wish I could say that it tasted all the same, but the spring rolls tasted too oily for my liking, and there wasn't enough filling. In addition to this mishap, the hosts started confusing a lot of plates as the restaurant started a bit more busy, and we were constantly asked if we ordered "this dish" or "that dish" (Although I was kind of tempted to say "yes" :P) They forgot our last order of sushi rolls, which we just blew off since I needed to leave as soon as possible. We ended the night with a handroll per person, since they didn't serve dessert. I got a spicy yellowtail handroll, recommended by the cool host, which impressed me. Crispy with a spicy spread of some sort of mayonaise, this roll saved me from leaving disappointed. 
The experience overall was quite alright. It's pricey and slightly cramped in the front with slightly disorganized service, so I wouldn't go back on my own again with other options I could choose from in Center City. However, it is still an attractive place that makes more than decent food. I just wish that in the future they'd be slightly more consistent so people wouldn't have to go through tearing the poor fish apart before eating it.I'm not sure where to begin or how to rate Aki. 
Our waiter: the best. Amazing. Friendly, helpful, supportive, understanding, thoughtful, and caring. Somehow an order was messed up and he gave it to us for free. We got the AYCE (all you can eat) and we tried to eat so much but then 2 girls looked so sad bc they couldn't finish everything (and were worried about being charged for them) so he told them it was okay! 5 stars. 
Sushi: the sashimi is very good. Most of the rolls are very good (my favorite was the Cancun.) I also liked the shiu mai, and we all got miso to warm up. You can get gyoza too, and hand rolls, and almost anything--you have so much power! It feels good. However, the crab isn't real! It's snow crab. And lots of the rolls are tempura (fried) or have the Chef's sauce. I'd prefer less sauce and less fried. 
Time: we got there when it opened at noon, and were the first ones there and first ones to order. 2 tables sat down and were given their food before us. We had no rolls after 30 minutes, so we ordered appetizers which came right out (I'm guessing the shiu mai at least was frozen and the miso is just a pack, which is sort of expected.) But we ended up waiting an hour for our sushi rolls to come out (it was most likely because we ordered 2 each to start off with and they all came out together, but we'd have preferred to have received one roll at a time per person so the wait would've been shorter. 
Overall:
Come for the service and the variety. Do splurge on the AYCE. Be aware of the snow crab and the fried/sauce on rolls. Come hungry and try to camp out there for the afternoon to maximize your sushi intake.The food was decent enough and somewhat fairly priced, but it took over 20 minutes to get a cup of tea and they didn't even come by to refill out water for about an hour into our meal. I asked about 3 times for the same refill - each time about 15 minutes apart. They are lucky that the gratuity was included because otherwise they would be getting very little tip from me. Refilling someone's glass is the least you can do to act like you care. When I go out to eat, I expect the same thing everywhere - I am paying for a service - that includes my dinner and someone waiting on me. I should not have to ask multiple times for a refill on my water or tea..Pros: Great atmosphere, prices, waiter on weekends is efficient and friendly. Sushi is fresh and prepared well. Relaxing lounge music in the background while you eat. Value is good
Cons: Portions can be on the smaller side. Not the best sushi I've had in PhillyJust got done eating here and I had the Groupon.  My husband and I both did the AYCE.  Appetizers we're good, sushi was very average and the place felt kind of dirty and sticky to me.  We won't be back.pretty good sushi, reasonably priced, ramen offerings, and food prepared QUICKLY. Lots of lunchtime combos during weekdays. A good choice for a quick, tasty lunch in the area.Some of the best sushi I've ever had! Rolls are nice and big, sushi sashimi slices cut thick. You can tell its all really fresh. Definitely recommend the volcano role, chicken gyoza, and fried ice cream. A bit pricey but the portions and food quality more than make up for it. Lunch specials are on point, great deal.I really wanted to love this place cause it's in the middle of shopping in center city. But How come I tasted Chinese long grain rice in the sushi? The tables and couches are too closed together.
Steamed shumai instead of fried came when ordered. 
Fish didn't taste fresh.
Got the samurai roll and the golden dragon roll.
Highly disappointing!
All the ingredients fell out of the roll after pickup from the plate to the mouth.
Gets two stars for the waiter service and the ginger.We went there for al you can eat but finally we didn't choose that. We ordered several sushi roll that turned out more expensive that all you can eat lol.
The dragon roll is good. My boyfriend ordered sushi deluxe or sth, the chef's choice of several pieces of sushi are not good. We don't even know what's inside the sushi, tasted like fried eggplant or something... Kind of disgusting...
But the staff is super friendly. And it's a lovely restaurant. Btw, parking in that area is super expensive. We parked in the parking lot near Aki, just in the other side of the street, it cost us 18 bucks to park there for one and half an hour!Very good and delicious food here. So I mean the chef is great. However, the waitress is not professional. 3 things:
1 I ordered ramen she bring it out without spoon.
2 I ordered a pot of green tea. She completely forgot while we are one of the only two tables in the restaurant then. 
2 I asked to add black garlic oil to the soup base, and the first bowl she bring out is with red chili oil. 
But don' get me wrong, the food is very tasty. I suggest improvement in service.PROS: The atmosphere. It seems very classy and it is a cool temperature, which makes you feel good about the freshness and good quality of the raw fish. It seems like a good place to go with friends or on a date. 
The food. I had the salmon solo that has sashimi, salmon-avocado rolls and sushi, and I thought it was a good, reasonable price. The fish tasted very fresh and it wasn't dry, like I've experienced at other places. One of my friends had the $25 all-you-can-eat ... she enjoyed the spider roll and the eel-avocado roll, but said that the two other rolls were weirdly sweet (Samurai, and another that also looked girly). 
CONS: The time it takes for food to come out. At one point, we suspected that they were trying to make our friend too full to order more for the all-you-can-eat deal. The first two rolls came out quickly for her, but the third and fourth took a pretty long time.Service was fine. We ordered the $17 chicken teriyaki,  $14 udon noodles, and half price calamari. and all of it was very disappointing for the amount we paid. There are way better Asian restaurants in center city that charge a reasonable amount and give amazing dishes. I am someone who eats at a lot of Asian restaurants and the chicken teriyaki tasted very flat, dry and the taste was unbalanced. Same with the Udon noodles, all I could taste was soy sauce, and the broccoli in it was not cooked enough, it tasted hard like you would eat it by itself. When you eat a dish you want everything to compliment each other. The noodles are soft then I took a bite of the broccoli and it was very hard, not something a customer wants to experience. The calamari was not crispy, in fact it was hard and kinda burnt meaning someone is not changing the oil and refrying everything in the same oil or the oil is way too high when you cook it. I also ordered a coke with ice, and when I got it, my coke it did not fizz, meaning it's not a fresh batch, and something's wrong with your soda system. I got flat old soda. Sorry not a satisfied customer, will not be returning.Everything was good & the bathroom was very clean (random, I know). I'd been planning to come here & when I saw it on Groupon that was my sign. We ordered 4 rolls: Aki Roll, Sumo Tempura Roll, Lobster Mazey Roll & Kobe Roll. My favorite was the Sumo Tempura Roll, the cream cheese added a different but great taste. The rolls are a nice size, and they are very filling. I will definitely be returning!When my friend and I came to eat, the place was kind of packed. However we still got seated without a reservation. 
The wait for the food was slightly long because of the amount of customers and the short staff. HOWEVER, the wait was super well worth it. Food was amazing. They do not lie when they say they use the finest quality ingredients. I loved their salmon roll as they had really tender salmon and not that mushy type you get elsewhere.
Waiter's name was David and he was extremely nice and helpful.
Will definitely come again!We made a reservation on Opentable for this establishment on Saturday for the same day. So far, I understand that I was being unreasonable. But what happened afterwards was just poor service. We arrived at 730 and the place was packed. And because we had made the reservation on opentable just a few minutes before arriving, we were told that we wouldn't be able to be seated right away. Understandable, but if the seats aren't available, why do they list it as available on opentable? Also the manager came by and said rudely ''they made it today? they don't count." and just walked away without even talking to us. I'm sure there are better ways to say that. Again, I didn't expect the world, I didn't think I was going to be seated right away, but why the sass and the rudeness? We weren't demand to be seated. We saw the time slot was available on opentable and we booked it, that's all. It was mostly on a wing and a prayer, but there's no need to be rude about it.My husband and I went here on maybe our third or fourth date back in 2010 and we have been coming back ever since. We've dined here over a dozen times and rarely had a bad experience. Once the service was extremely slow and another time the sushi was just off but that was long ago before either the management or ownership changed. Ever since the change, the dining room has had a makeover and the service has improved. 
We always go for the all-you-can-eat sushi and I love to sip on their hana lychee sake. It has a sweet and flowery taste and is an easy introduction to sake for those who've never had it before. 
I have a soft spot for Aki and I don't think we'll ever stop eating here.The sushi here is not fresh. I ate lunch with my friends on Sunday and I ordered the spicy salmon roll and the spider roll while they ordered udon dishes. The fish looked grey when it arrived and the cucumbers in it looked bruised and watery. Needless to say, I still ate the fish to satisfy my sushi craving and regretted it that night. I woke up in the middle of the night with a bad bout of food poisoning... Stay away from the spicy rolls!!  Or anything with chopped fish because I question its freshness. 
On the brighter side, my friends ate their udon dish and loved it. Perhaps only come here to satisfy your craving for other dishes versus their sushi. Disappointed.For $27 all you can eat... I guess you can't get cheaper than that in the city. I went with two other friends and they chose to get all you can eat style but I just got a roll. It was nothing special about it (clearly, don't even remember the name). It was good but I definitely had better sushi roll. Especially for $15 (I normally pay around $12 per special rolls) I think I'd rather go somewhere else.