Serious shoutout to the exceptional service here for hosting large groups. We had many changes to our reservation, from 6 to 12 people, and the service was polite, patient, and wonderful considering we were a BYO group (maybe NYC service has just jaded me....)
Food pretty good for the price, albeit a little salty. We came for dinner this time and while I much prefer the brunch items, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the lamb. Obviously the best perk about coming for dinner is BYO.This place is amazing!!! The almond-crusted french toast = OMG. It was not too buttery or too sweet (I normally don't like french toast much because it always tastes so buttery inside and the texture was just too soft for me). But THIS french toast, wow... The whipped cream was really thick and fresh (the berries were okay, kinda mushy, but whatever). My sister thinks this was the best french toast she's ever had, even better than Sabrina's! 
The shrimps and grits dish was great too. I really liked the shrimp, and the grits was pretty good. The brussels sprouts were pretty good too but a bit sweeter than I would've liked (what with figs and candied walnuts). And it wasn't salty enough for me. It was a tapas dish but was quite big, basically like an entree. 
This was a great, very filling brunch. We were already full after the french toast and the shrimps and grits. We probably shouldn't have gotten the brussels sprouts, but everything was delicious here. There weren't many people (I don't think it's as well-known as other brunch places, and it isn't near bakeries/cafes, like brunch places in Center City, so it was a bit too isolated for people, but I like how it's not crowded here. Kind of like a hidden gem). The house interior was really nice, clean, and spacious but also cozy.One of my favorite restaurants, great flavors and spices. You must go for brunch and have the shrimp and grits and order extra grits, they are that good! I like every item on the menu, the flavors are unique and the portions are perfect. I would suggest making a reservation because the resturant is small and popular, plus it's a byob.Chicken and waffles was flavorful and very well presented. It is a BYOB so don't forget your champagne for the mimosas - The bartender was nice enough to give us complimentary mimosas though.Went here a couple of weeks ago after passing it on the Trolley a million times!
I will say that the service here is amazing - our server immediately noticed our table was wobbly so she found reinforcements.  She was kind, considerate, and got our check ready quickly when we realized we lost track of time and were running late.
I liked the decor and the look of the food as well - pretty fancy without being stuffy.  The fried pita-ish looking strips were gorgeous and very ... modern cuisine.  Cool!
Our entree and appetizer were not quite what I expected - we had the fried artichokes and the vegetable tagine.  The artichokes could have used more seasoning and we used the mustard-y dipping sauce to pep them up.  The tagine came with what looked like large-pearl couscous (it even mimicked acini pepe pasta) and the sauce was more tomato-based/acidic than the deeper-flavored sauce am used to.  
So I will say the experience overall was A-OK, as I am not running back for more, but would go again and try some more dishes.Surprisingly Good...didn't think I would much like Morroccan, but it was very good...I had the chicken & shrimp, the Wife had the salmon with a shared small plate for an appetizer (which could have a enough for one!)...will definitely return...I visited Aksum this past Sunday for brunch with a group of 8. We ate outside on the side walk. The food was really great and was a great portion size. Although we didn't bring any, the restaurant is byob. 
The staff is really friendly and the manager accommodating. However the service could use some work. They couldn't find our reservation, tried to sit 8 people at two tables and crowd us around it even though there were free tables available, messed up our orders, and the bill. 
Perhaps going with a smaller party is better.  The food is definitely worth a visit up on Baltimore.There will never be enough BYOBs in the world, so I love that another one cropped up in my neighborhood. I came here with 2 other people on a weekday night, and it was all we could hope for and more. The casual service and the classy decor seem at odds with each other, but once we stopped expecting the super-swank treatment, we enjoyed ourselves.
None of us were hungry, so we shared a couple of tapas. There was no pressure to order more, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food. I wouldn't expect something as simple as a strawberry and avocado salad to be notable, but the one at Aksum is super tasty. I could eat five of those. 
Our server (I want to say her name was Maggie, but I'm not 100% sure) was fantastic, and made the night that much better. We will definitely be stopping by again.I went to Aksum during their opening week. At that point, they largely had a test kitchen. It was alright. It was a test menu: a few sauces, meats, and starches were being mixed around. 
Last night, I'm hopeful that Aksum will continue to provide quality food at a reasonable price in our neighborhood.  My friend initially ordered fried calamari to share. So rarely is this a good move in a restaurant, I was thrilled to have succulent, delicate, and flavorful little fruits of the sea. 
We all had the special, grilled cod on a bed of shiitake and faro,  in a lemon cream sauce with a few roasted asparagus stems. It was great. Really great. The asparagus and the faro had real texture, just on the right side of chewy. The cod was cooked wonderfully. Our service was a bit inconsistent, but this issue aside, I was thrilled by my experience. 
If you  live out west but are thinking of going to a BYO in Rittenhouse, consider Aksum one of these times.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
A great neighborhood BYO with really good food and great service. The food is so reasonably priced, it's tempting to order too much.  We had a special - crab bisque that was mildly spicy and delicious.  All the other appetizers we ordered were great, and the main courses were generous and tasty.
The chef even comped us a delicious dessert. 
We're tempted to go back...everyday
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Aksum is a great addition to the West Philly brunch scene!  It's nicely decorated, and has a really nice low-key atmosphere that's a nice change from the usual packed brunch craziness.  
We started of the meal with complimentary mimosas.  I'm not usually a huge mimosa fan, but I really enjoyed mine - it had the perfect ratio of champagne to orange juice, and the orange juice tasted really good (I was afraid of low-quality artificial tasting juice since it was complimentary).  
Aksum's brunch menu is really unique, and I love that they take traditional brunch and give it a Mediterranean twist.  I had the griddlecakes, which came topped with blueberry compote and a side of sausage and eggs.  The griddlecakes were delicious, and the blueberry compote was the perfect compliment - I loved that they gave a generous amount of compote so I didn't need any syrup.  I got scrambled egg whites, which were some of the best I've had!  I also tried my friend's dish, which was poached eggs in a tomato based broth that reminded me of a cioppino flavor.  Also delicious, and definitely unique.  The twice-fried potatoes have tons of flavor and a great crunch. 
The service was great, and I really appreciated that one of the waitresses was so nice about taking a picture of us.  My only complaint is that the Ipad method of paying (via credit card) is really confusing, especially if you're splitting the bill with other people.  I would suggest giving people the option of a traditional credit card bill if possible.Aksum Cafe, a b.y.o.b. with Mediterranean flair, opened to the public this past Wednesday. I was lucky enough to have dinner there on Friday. 
The Mediterranean theme at Aksum is demonstrated through its menu and preparation. The decor is open air: windows overlook Baltimore Avenue and are usually open. Ordering makes the most sense tapas-style. Two diners would be wise to split two small plates and one large plate. Small plates include salads, grape leaves, hummus, calamari and pita wraps. Large plates include orzo (with or without chicken), rosemary chicken or lamb chops with mashed potato in addition to several seafood dishes. 
My dinner companion and I split the house salad and the rosemary chicken. The one disappointment of the evening was the house salad, which was a bowl of lettuce and feta cheese. The dressing was quite tasty (lemon juice, olive oil, pepper and other spices) but at $7.50 it was a bit pricey. We probably should have gone with one of the more enticing salads. The rosemary chicken was stellar. This chicken was grilled well in a smoky, savory au jus with creamy mashed potatoes and grilled, sauteed asparagus. 
Service was excellent. Diners can pay with cards using an iPad which is cool and efficient. Please note that although there is a bar, it is a hookah bar and Aksum is still very much a b.y.o.b. I will have to come back and try the hookah as well as sample some of the desserts.
For a restaurant open for only three days, Aksum Cafe impresses. Grab a bottle of wine and give this place a shot!Get's very crowded very easily. I have a lot of  BYOs there and they're very good at accommodating, they just need more room for large groups. 
The food is always great and the servers are knowledgeable about vegan options. I recommend the Med Plate- I get it every time.This place is amazing!!! The almond-crusted french toast = OMG. It was not too buttery or too sweet (I normally don't like french toast much because it always tastes so buttery inside and the texture was just too soft for me). But THIS french toast, wow... The whipped cream was really thick and fresh. My sister thinks this was the best french toast she's ever had, even better than Sabrina's! 
The shrimps and grits dish was great too. I really liked the shrimp, and the grits was pretty good. The brussels sprouts were pretty good too but a bit sweeter than I would've liked (what with figs and candied walnuts). It was a tapas dish but was quite big, basically like an entree. 
This was a great, very filling brunch. We were already full after the french toast and the shrimps and grits. We probably shouldn't have gotten the brussels sprouts, but everything was delicious here. There weren't many people (I don't think it's as well-known as other brunch places, and it isn't near bakeries/cafes, like brunch places in Center City, so it was a bit too isolated for people, but I like how it's not crowded here. Kind of like a hidden gem). The house interior was really nice, clean, and spacious but also cozy. Good for romantic dates too.The food is always excellent here.  It's a very small restaurant so the atmosphere is pretty intimate.  The brunch menu is amazing! I think I've had almost everything on it and I would order everything again.  So delicious. It does get quite crowded for brunch so I would make a reservation if that's even possible.  The chicken and waffles are so delicious! I also loved the Moroccan eggs.
I've been for dinner a couple of times as well and the food has always come out amazing.  My favorite things were the brussels sprouts, and the mussels. I've been here many times and am always excited to go back- I've already decided what I'm getting next time I go for brunch. 
The service has always been good as well.We had Brunch with the ladies here today.  The food here was amazing.  I had the infamous Moroccan chicken and waffles, spicy crab omelette, and the lollipop lambchops... everything was delicious and my auntie loved the ice tea sangria.  Our waitress was awesome too. I'll definitely be back xoxoxoIt's Mediterranean, but think of it as African Mediterranean. It's super fresh and tasty, but definitely has the spices and seasonings of the other part of the Mediterranean that you don't think of when this particular area is mentioned. And it's great. The hummus was one of my favorites I've ever had. Their tuna salad special had huge chunks of ahi, fresh avocado, tomato, radish, olives, etc. I loved it all. Also, it's BYOB! And no corkage fee!Food: 5 stars
Service: 2.5 stars
My partner, Brian, brought me here for my birthday on January 5, 2013. After an afternoon ice skating at the river rink, and drinks in Old City, we arrived at Aksum a few minutes after our 8:30pm reservations and were seated immediately.
Neither of us had ever been, and while I reviewed the menu I looked here on Yelp for any tips that might help me make a dinner decision. A hungry hungry pescetarian I was, and with no prior experience ordering Middle Eastern or North African food, I did not want to take chances. The reviews here are, as you see, a hard mix of love and loathing for Aksum and helped eliminate some options. We decided upon:
Fattush Salad and Fried Calamari to share, to start
Jumbo Shrimp Pil-Pil for me
Red Snapper Alexandria for him
Paired with our bottle of Vernaccia Di San Gimignano (BYOB)
The appetizers arrived ridiculously fast. The calamari, perfectly sizzled, seasoned and sauced. The salad, a refreshing cool compliment to the squid. More! More!
Our server, a young woman whose attitude was neither here nor there, delivered the entrees minutes after our appetizers. The snapper was a sizeable filet presented beautifully, and the delicately sauced, spicy shrimp flanked the edges of a mound of sticky, creamy jasmine rice. 
It is atypical for me to clean my plate in a restaurant. There's typically too much of this or that, and not enough sauce. This dish broke my rules of "there must be sauce for me to finish it," because it was just that delicious. The texture of that rice was unlike any I've ever had. Nom nom nom.
There were several larger parties chattering at high volume during the bulk of our meal, so by the time they left we were finishing up our entrees and the change in atmosphere was a nice relief. As the crowd thinned out, I noticed a table near us starting a hookah, and another couple placing an order for theirs. Perfect! A little sweet smoke would solve the "I'm too full for dessert" dilemma.
9:45pm. Our waitress had not yet come around to offer dessert. We flagged her down, and when she did make her way over she looked less neutral than before. When we asked to order a hookah, she rolled her eyes and mumbled something about having to see if it was ok first. She went to the gentleman behind the hookah bar, who was preparing a pipe for another remaining table. I heard him retort to our server, "Yes. You HAVE to!" It wasn't til then that I realized that the waitress had lets-get-outta-here-itis. Are you serious? We were only asking for the very same thing that the two remaining tables in the restaurant had just recently ordered. We had been here as long as they had. It's not like we had just stumbled in off the street. And it's 9:45 on a Saturday.
Her hesitation, trip to the hookah bar, disagreement time and delay coming back, placing the order and then hookah preparation time added an unnecessary 15-20 minutes delay to the process. And of course, there was attitude when she asked what flavor we wanted. Pressure had been passively aggressively applied, and we no longer felt welcome.
Unfortunately, the server's attitudes and indiscretion really put a damper on what had been a nearly perfect first dining experience at Aksum. Rushing a hookah negates the point of having one. We did our best and got out to alleviate our discomfort.Visited this place by recommendation and Omg loved the atmosphere, courteous hostess & attentive waitress! Lamb Shank Super Tender basmati rice was delicious! And the Bread Pudding hands down mouth watering..
I'll be Back!Went for Sunday brunch and it was an excellent experience. We got there just as they were opening so we were seated immediately. You may want to consider reservations (you can book online) if you're not going to be there right at the open, because before long the place was filled.
Brunch menu has a number of winners, but the eggs seem to be the stars. Shakshuka eggs, Cowshuka eggs (Shaksuka with a large portion of steak added) and Moroccan eggs were all very tasty.What a pleasant surprise right in my back yard! I've lived in west philly for a total of 8 years and had no idea that this place existed and boy am I pissed.  A group of 6 of us when to "brunch" at 2:00pm here.  They had options for everyone in our group--a couple of pescatarians, a vegan, two carnivores and kids who'll eat anything. They had so many tasty looking options. I loved the fresh ingredients and the seasonings that I had in my dish, the Shrimp and Grits.  Actually, I haven't been to a non-southern restaurant and had good Shrimp and Grits before, so I was doubly surprised.  I was told by my table guest that the waffle, calamari, foul, and potatoes were also great.
The service was fast and efficient and the waitresses were very attentive to our water refill needs.  I would most definitely come back to this place to try the regular menu because it looked really good.
P.S. It's BYOB, so there's also that bonus fact.Great food and friendly staff = a winning combo for me!! I've tried their delicious brunch and also had the pleasure of enjoying dinner here as wellCame here for Sunday brunch with my sister. Although it was pretty packed, we were seated almost immediately. I ended up ordering the spiced shrimp and grits with a side of scrambled eggs. Have to say I was a bit disappointed with the grits. Could have been much creamier. It was very watery, and it seems like the cook just dumped pepper in it. The flavor was very overpowering. Other than that, the rest of the meal was ok. The pita bread was my favorite part! Probably would come back here again if I'm in the neighborhood.Really tasty food, and great prices - the benefit of going somewhere in west philly!This place is wonderful! I have had some awesome meals here. Sunday brunch is beautifully prepared and lacks nothing in the taste area. I've ordered take out and when I got home the presentation of my honey salmon entree appeared just as if I were dining in the restaurant. Hats off to the Owner who's vision never wavers perfection.I would have given this place 4 stars but because of the value I jumped it to 5 stars. The food had a great deal of spice and variety which was a hit with the group I was with. The staff was quick and friendly. I would highly recommend if you are looking for great Mediterranean food. Reservations are a must as it is small and a great atmosphere. Put it on the must go list!!I don't know what happened, but nothing went right with brunch today. The eggs were undercooked, the breakfast sausage was overcooked, the potatoes were cold and we waited about 30 minutes for a cup of coffee. The server was nice but distracted--things like water glasses had to be asked for. Given how busy the place is every weekend, I am really surprised. I guess my quest for a good brunch spot in university city continues!Canned dolma.  
Fantastic salad.
Great bass.
Rice that tastes like it is from a box mix.
I would go back to this place again, but it certainly isn't the top of my list.  For the price, I'd like better food that tastes more authentically homemade.  The service was fine but there were only three tables when we went.The restaurant itself is beautiful and a great setting for a summer night dinner. I ordered conservatively on the menu, getting a chicken-orzo-ey type dish. It was good but a bit underwhelming. I will be back because of the perfect setting and wide open windows but will order something more interesting. Check back for further details folks.Natalia was our server, and she was ethereal at the least. Knowledgeable and kind, she walked us through the menu and offered us more than options, but rather a cultural connection to the food we were eating. Engaging to the point of explaining the meaning and history of this restaurant's name, she left our party with her grace and presence.  The food was fantastic. The call outs were the Brussels sprouts, branzino, and chicken orzo. It's BYBO but there is a liquor store open two blocks down the street.I decided to try Aksum for first time. I called on a Sunday and the wait was about 20min. As we arrived, we were seated immediately. I had the almond crusted French toast with fruits and scrambled eggs; and it was amazing. Most likely coming back.Their scrambled eggs were definitely on point! I got their Turkish scrambled eggs. I thought it was going to be very spicy but it wasn't at all. With this dish you are able to try a little bit of everything that they offer like their pita bread, turkey sausages and potatoes. Being a Mediterranean cafe, I thought that they could have done better on their pita bread. However overall it is a great brunch place!Came on a rainy and clearly slow night.  Think that the kitchen was close to closing but neither the server, nor any management who seemed to be on the floor gave any indication.  We never felt rushed or pushed out.     We were treated promptly, kindly and professionally.   The rosemary lamb chops were incredible, and definitely try the nightly specials.  The oreo begniets were delightful and perfect.   You guys are doing it the right way and we're rooting for you.  
Our only concern would be to dim the lights a bit.    (lighting looks like a diner)
ps.    Hoping there is a liquor license in the works!!!Love that this place is directly across the street from me. Finally decided to take a stroll over for dinner. I liked the food and the ambience. I will definitely be returning. The servers were professional, but not very warm or friendly. Would love for them to work on that. All in all, I would recommend it to a friend.Aksum is one of the best brunch spots in west philly. Favorites include the almond crusted french toast and chicken + waffles. As a bonus, these dishes are highly instagrammableUpdating to say- get the French toast!!! SO delicious!!!!!! Had a special as well, the spicy crab omelet which was filled with crab dip. Tasty. I remembered from last time to definitely get the potatoes. 2 in our group had and loved the lollipop lamb special with eggs and potatoes. Very good black tea for me. Helpful service. This is our Philly brunch joint!Aksum is probably one of my favorite places to byo in Philly. I always get the salmon filet for dinner which is cooked to perfection. The better kept secret about them though is that they have the most incredible brunch menu. Every dish I have tried has been great and not too heavy like brunch can often be. They also have iced tea sangria (that you add your own wine to) which is fun if you want to have a boozy brunch. My favorite brunch dish is the sweet corn griddlecakes. The fact that it is a byo with great food and hookah makes it perfect for everyone you go with. All the waitstaff has always been very pleasant and for some reason it never seems to be very crowded. Also it is definitely a reasonably priced menu for a nicer restaurant.Amazing food! Brunch is really nice. Service is nice but they always seem really overworked and busy so it was hard getting their attention sometimes. Food is amazing though, can't go wrong with anything! We got pumpkin pancakes, the French toast, and the salmon omelette.Awarding three stars, because I have had good meals and service here, however, my most recent experience this Sunday evening was lackluster.  My partner and I first asked for a bottle opener for our beers, which was promptly forgotten, and then we ordered the lamb chops for me and the curry tofu for her.  The lamb chops were ok, but well-done and a bit tough, even though I requested them cooked medium-rare.  The curry tofu, on the other hand, lacked any flavor or seasoning at all.  It was so bland that only a few bites were taken, yet our server never approached the table to ask how the meal was.  When the server finally returned to our table to take our plates (the curry plate barely touched), I politely told her that the curry dish was not very good.  She thanked me for the feedback, but did not offer to replace the dish or to discount the bill in any way.  Ultimately, we left hungry and dissatisfied with both the meal and the accompanying service.The service was great and the Salmon Omelette was divine! Would have gotten 5 stars if the table wasn't so wobbly.
Great place to meet up with friends for a nice meal with good quality... local products.I had the veggie tangine and it was fantastic. Incredibly flavorful! I was thinking about it for days after. Server was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. Our food came very quickly, but We did wait a long time to pay, I think because we were supposed to pay at the counter, however the server never specified this. The only other downside was that it was really, really quiet.When we walked in at the fairly respectable dinner hour of 7:15 pm on a weeknight, an empty restaurant greeted us. We had the place to ourselves which was both nice and unnerving. The crowds came in within the hour, but in the meanwhile, we got to enjoy the undivided attention of the waitstaff and enough light to see by for the brief period until dusk. The lights are kept a bit too dim for my liking. The decor is pretty neat though and includes a giant set of, what appeared to be, calligraphy brushes encased in glass mounted on the back wall. 
The variety of dishes ordered came out elegantly arranged on unconventionally shaped dishes. For example, my order came in this elongated skewed rectangular bowl. Before dinner proper, we were served lightly seasoned foot-long crackers accompanied by a flavored olive oil dip. My favorite appetizer was the Crispy Cauliflower although I wasn't too impressed with the pita/hummus combo. It wasn't bad but nothing spectacular either. Importantly, the main dish (Pil Pil) had enough of a kick to warrant the "spicy" adjective given on the menu. 
The dinner portions are just enough to satiate you and might not be enough for someone with a larger appetite and/or higher basal metabolic rate. My experience at dinner was fair, but I'll need to give this place a chance to show off its brunch fare as well.Good food. Good staff. Brunch was Mediterranean chicken & waffles w/ warm maple syrup and siracha ketchup. Very tasty. Outside seating makes the place more spacious and the food came out quick despite the business being crowded. Well rounded menu with vegetarian options and just enough to NOT be overwhelming. Decent free street parking is a bonus and the neighborhood is gentrified but nice. I'll be going back.Generally pretty impressed with the place!
I've been looking forward to trying Aksum for a while now. I've heard great things about the brunch (not too sure about how it is for dinner). A friend and I stopped by at around 10:30 AM and were seated immediately (no reservation needed). 
The service was absolutely excellent and is probably the reason for my four star review (though my dish probably would have been somewhere between a 3 and 3.5 star). Our waitress was warm and genuine and happily talked us through the menu and cracked a couple of jokes. Positive service like this can go a long way!
I settled on the shakshuka eggs and my friend ordered the Monte Cristo sandwich. Presentation wise, the food was on point. Taste-wise, the dish was great-- perfectly spiced, and texture of the baked eggs was heavenly. I definitely would have liked more pita bread to dip into the tomato stew (it only came with about 4 small triangles of pita bread) and I would have liked for the tomato stew to be a BIT warmer (I have a feeling my dish was ready to go before it was served and was thus cooling in the kitchen?)
My friend was gawking over the Monte Cristo sandwich throughout our meal (I'm vegetarian so I didn't try it) but it looked beautiful and she said it was delicious as well. I did try some of the apricot jam and potatoes that came on the side of the dish, and both were beyond tasty!
I definitely will be returning to try the famous FRENCH TOAST as well as other nontraditional breakfast varieties. This is a cute spot and is definitely not frequented enough-- would love to see more people coming through!Seriously delicious!!! The Brussels sprouts were possibly the best I've had ever. So tasty and a great combination of flavors that blended nicely!! I had the scallops special and it was so good. The scallops were cooked to perfection, the asparagus was grilled nicely and the mashed cauliflower was so tasty!! My hubby had the lamb shank which was so tender and very well seasoned! Our friends enjoyed their dishes as well (the scallops and lamb chops). We both had the Oreo beignets for dessert and it we were not disappointed at all!!! So delicious. Well worth the calories!!! BYOB is awesome and the place is very nice. Outside seating on a nice summer evening with good friends and great food!! A++++++++ all the way!Walked by and decided to try it out for brunch. The breakfast was delicious and our waitress was great. Ended up spending about two hours just enjoying the atmosphere, food, and company. We will definitely be back to try the dinner menu soon.Tried it with a friend. The service was good. European style in that they server was not overly aggressive. We were able to converse without her presence becoming intrusive. The food came out in a timely manner. Our was correct and the food was great! I'll DEFINITELY be back!The food was good but I'm giving this review as someone with Celiacs who chose this restaurant because it had gluten free and gluten free optional on the menu and it did NOT uphold that promise. 
I ordered the lentil soup and the Moroccan eggs for brunch which were both listed as gluten free optional. I asked for them to be made gluten free and they were not. I had a reaction afterwards and was in pain for quite some time after my meal. 
When I asked about other gluten free options on the menu my waitress didn't have any information for me about the substitutes that would be made (like, what comes with the hummus instead of the pita). Instead she told me that she didn't really know and that they just put gluten free on the menu. Based on that info and my reaction it seems as though there's not much knowledge from the staff and kitchen as to what is gluten free and what isn't. 
She was a lovely server and I enjoyed the food while I was eating it but I was highly disappointed with the pain that ensued because I trusted the menu.Have gone to aksum a couple of times over the last year and seems to be getting worse each time. The last few times we have been hurried out of the restaurant as early as 45 mins before their closing time. They do this by turning off the music and stacking chairs which is really unprofessional. On one of the occasions, they forgot to put an order in so we had to wait 20 mins for another entree. On top of this they still rushed us to leave before their closing making us feel really uncomfortable and not having enough time to finish our food and drinks. 
Their food has also gone downhill. I was really impressed by their food but the quality has become inconsistent with the seitan being a must avoid. 
Overall this is a great concept for a restaurant but poor service and rude treatment keep this from being a place I will frequent.We shared 4 appetizers-- each one delicious. Brussels sprouts with figs , Kale spanikopita with apricots , lentil curry soup, Mediterranean platter. All highly recommended. Large Vegan and gluten free optionsA pleasant enough restaurant in Philadelphia serving mostly-authentic Mediterranean food.  However, the menu can be a bit expensive given the locale of a working-class West Philadelphia neighborhood.I couldn't do 5 stars because I prefer my lamb medium rare and it was medium well at the least. Fight me. 
I ordered the lamb chops which were good sized. I didn't even use whatever the accompanying sauces were. I also grabbed some hummus. That wasn't anything special but their pita was tasty. Even though I ordered to go, I was able to take in the ambience for a bit while I waited for my food. They are busy so there is no such thing as just walking in and being seated. MAKE RESERVATIONS. I saw quite a few people be turned away.Nice little trendy spot for an interesting meal. Great ambiance and excellent service from the waitstaff. It's a mediterranean restaurant but they also have some standard American dishes.
I went for brunch. French toast was absolutely divine. I'm allergic to almonds but they accommodated my request to hold the almonds with no problem.
Will definitely go again and try dinnerNot sure what happened here... Don't think I'll go here again. Last 4 visits here the food has been too salty and just, not good. The wait staff has changed a lot too. The old staff was fun, actually seemed like they enjoyed their jobs! Yeah, pretty much just a disappointing experience lately, the food no longer matches the price!I just got home from eating at Aksum during Dining Days.  It was my first time in the restaurant and I am definitely going to try and return.
I started with the mushroom soup which was interesting, it definitely has cinnamon in it and isn't all that mushroomy. It was a decent soup but nothing I'm ever going to eat again. Portion wise it was huge for an appetizer, so that's definitely a plus in my book. I also appreciated the fresh pita slices on the side.
For my entree I had the filet with artichokes, mashed potatoes, and asparagus. The horseradish sauce was good and reminded me of something I've eaten before but i am still having a brain fart on what it was and where.  The fillet comes out cut into strips which I thought was a bit odd but whatever. It was a *perfect* medium rare so I was completely happy! And there wasn't any over salty or peppery flavor, just a perfectly cooked steak.  The artichokes were really good. The only let down on the plate were the mashed potatoes but oh well, I still ate them all. 
Baklava for dessert, and if you were worried about the clove in the clove sauce, don't be. My plate came out only drizzled in honey, or the clove sauce tasted exactly like honey and therefore no worries about it being clovey.  It wasn't the best baklava I've had but I would eat it again.
Service. There was only one waitress which seemed to work. There were only about 12 people tonight at 8pm so she didn't seem to be having any real problem keeping everyone sorted and taken care of. You do have to wait a few minutes inbetween courses and to initially get your food but, if you're in a group it shouldn't be too noticeable.  
All in all, I wish I had known about this place sooner. One caveat is that it's rather small so probably not good for a huge group of people (I'd say it only seats about 30). AND it is a BYOB, avoid the "virgin" sangria unless you like herbal tea completely unsweetened. One of the guys at another table had some fruit juice that looked really good. I just stuck with the water.This place is amazing! Small and intimate and it is BYOB. Three of us ate brunch here and the bill was under $50. The food presentation was great and taste even better. I would recommend the chicken and waffles. The waffle was so soft and moist and the chicken was so crispy and seasoned. The portion size was huge and filling. I had my boyfriends steak and eggs and it was delicious. I would defiantly recommend this place for brunch and I plan to come back very soon!!!Amazing. My friends and I went for Sunday brunch.  We were tired of going to the same place over and over and having limited options - boring sunny side up eggs or plain pancakes.  Aksum has a really nice menu, with unique food - that can please everyone (from pancake people to adventurous foodies).  The food was really well prepared and well priced (~12 or 13 dollars average for all the brunch options).  The staff was really nice and the decor was pleasing.  Nice area and easy to get to! Really amazing experience, will be backI drove down from New York to spend the night for a conference the following day. Was looking forward to a cocktail or glass of wine with dinner, but I was dismayed to learn it was byob, ugh. Food was good, though goat cheese on salad should have been a bit more crumbly.  Splurge on a liquor license!This is an amazing place ...with a nice quiet low key atmosphere . I've been there for brunch with a group and also on a one on one and both times I was very pleased . The option of BYOB makes the experience more delightful because I am able to enjoy my meal with whichever bottle of wine I'm feeling like at the moment . I've also been there for dinner and got the shank lamb and it was so tender and delicious . My fav for brunch is the French toast it's so sweet you sometimes don't even need the syrup they offer on he side . I've made this one of my regular stops on my weekends off that I don't usually like to waste. All in all great dining experience, never wait too long to sit ( sometimes not at all w/out reservations ) and exceptional hospitality .After having brunch at Aksum and looking at Yelp later, I was pretty surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I was totally impressed with brunch there and didn't have any problems.  They have quite a selection for vegetarians and who doesn't love Mediterranean brunch?  Put anything with figs on the menu and I'm pretty much sold.
The place was pretty empty for a beautiful Sunday, but that's good for me, right?  No one hour wait like some other places.  The server was super friendly and on top of things and my food was delicious.  I got the fig crepes.  Where else in the city even has this on their menu?  Even the coffee was good. The inside is also stylishly decorated and is airy and cozy at the same time.  I also thought the prices were really reasonable and I'm not sure what it's being compared to, as being expensive.  With tip, for 2 people, our brunch was less than $30.
I also checked out  the dinner menu I definitely want to come back to try some of the non-brunch food.Good for dinner when I first went, but I didn't really enjoy their brunch as much. I ended up with their shakshuka, and while it tasted decent, I thought the chef went overboard on the spices. Afterwards, I ended up having major stomach issues. I would also be mindful that their portion sizes tend to be larger than other restaurants, so if you do visit, make sure to come hungry.I am A FOODIE who really takes my passion seriously. This restaurant is clearly an experience that you must have. The service is topshelf and the food is simply divine. Lentil soup-The best; Honey glazed salmon- To die for; Sautéed spinach and basmati rice-Wow! Oreo bengneit! Heavenly! JUST GO! OUR LABOR DAY  WAS UNFORGETTABLE BECAUSE WE WENT THERE ! WE WILL BE BACK!I'm torn on this one.  The food was amazing.  I mean, really, really amazing.  I had the green eggs and ham, my fellow diner had the baked eggs with chicken and coriander. Both were flavorful and generously portioned. The service though was rough. Our waitress forgot to take our order. When we did get to order,  she forgot to put it in.  When we got it, it wasn't completely correct. Couple that with no check back, no water refill, and another wait for the check and our quick brunch became a 90 minute excursion.  The restaurant also had a large group of women celebrating that led to two separate  broken glasses and us picking glass out of shoes, socks and pants. Such good food but maybe only takeout next time.The cutest brunch place on Baltimore. I lived on Baltimore for 6 months now and this is my first time here. How??? This is my go-to brunch spot for the next few months until I find another place that is close by that can beat this place in distance and food. I got the Turkish Scrambled eggs with no pita or potatoes and a side of avocados. The olives were so tasty and the eggs were delicious. The avocado was fresh. The chicken and waffles was ginormous.Great brunch. Chicken & waffles, almond french toast, various egg dishes. All great.We popped in for dinner after a long day touring Penn with our kids. Fantastic food and great service. We were a little surprised by the BYO wine arrangement, but I walked up to the liquor store and got a nice Zinfandel to pair with our meal and didn't have to pay the usual 100% restaurant mark-up. Overall, a strong recommendation to try this place for dinner if you are in the area.One of my favorite Mediterranean places in West Philadelphia. Although the restaurant is a little small, the food is worthwhile! The portions are huge, and the service is outstanding. I highly recommend the calamari and grape leaves for appetizers. Look for any of their specials, they tend to be unique and very tasty. One dessert I wish we had tried was the fig creme brûlée. They had run out when I went, but everyone around us had ordered it and recommended it. Overall, the atmosphere is very relaxing and the service makes the experience even better.I have been wanting to go here for quite awhile but didn't make it there until last night. Overall it was a nice experience. Decor was nice. Table drove me crazy because it was uneven and kept moving. But of course, not a deciding factor. The food is great! Great portions. For appetizer I had the spicy crab bisque. It's served with a pita that is cut up and it was really good and filling. I liked that there was enough time in between courses. Not too short or too long. Just enough for soup to settle and   and some good conversation. For entrees we had the honey glazed salmon and a spicy mashed sweet potato and green beans. Also, lamb chops with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. Both entrees were good. You wouldn't go wrong ordering either. Dessert we ordered the bread pudding and apple cobbler. Bread pudding was good. Apple cobbler not so much. Apples didn't taste like they were baked well. They weren't tender. The skin and core of the apple was left on and didn't taste good. They used some sort of flaky bread sprinkled with sugar to top it off. It wasn't bad but there was just way too much of it. The ice cream and walnuts were good on top of it. Definitely a place worth visiting.Awesome BYO in West Philly and probably my favorite in walking distance from campus. I've never done hookah there but they have great wall-length windows that air out the place and are beautiful. I love grabbing a bottle of wine and enjoying a glass. My go-to is the grilled veggie wrap, but I've never had anything I didn't like.What a terrible experience.
I initially called Aksum 5 days in advance to make a reservation for a large party at 6pm on Friday. The last reservation I made for a large party had been cancelled, so I had them verify that they could handle a party of 15 people. They assured me they could. 
The day of our reservation, Friday, I started receiving multiple phone calls from random numbers while at work. I was unable to pick up, but I called back an hour later. A gentleman picked up, and said, "Uh, hello, what?" ...after explaining that I wasn't sure why this number had called me, he said, "Oh, yeah, can you come at 6:30 instead?" ..... I still didn't know what this person was talking about, until I had to verify. Terrible professionalism. It took me a while to re-coordinate our party to come at 6:30pm, but I was able to do it, and hence moved the reservation literally 2 hours before we were supposed to be there.
Our party walked to Aksum, which is down Baltimore from Penn's campus. We got there, and the ambiance and location were both beautiful, with Middle Eastern decor. Most of our party sat down, and two us went to the nearby store to get some wine, as the place is a BYO. They came back, and the restaurant opened our wine (and apparently threw away the corks / caps...) We were then pressured to order (from a fortunately well labeled veg-friendly menu!,) and the food came out strangely fast for that large a group, which made me wary...
I ordered the lentil soup, which was traditional pretty good, and the grilled seitan, which was painfully bad. The full description of the dish is "grilled seitan served with herb wild mushroom faro, topped with peppers and avocado." That's a misnomer. The dish was almost exclusively dry, bland faro with a sparse amount of seitan and vegetables. I was extremely disappointed. Most of my friends described their dishes as decent, though.
At around 8pm, the waiters came to our table and essentially told us to leave. Even though we got there at 6:30pm, and only got our food around 7:30pm. They said a bigger party was coming, and that we needed to leave to accommodate them. ...... Why would you book two large parties back to back? Again, a total lack of professionalism. Anyway, we asked for the caps / corks for our wine so we could take it home (..since we were barely able to drink it,) and they said they had thrown them out, but instead provided us with the tops of the bottles wrapped up with aluminum foil. We also got plastic cups to drink the wine we had in our glasses. Even though it's illegal to drink in the streets of Philadelphia. Okay, Aksum.
For payment, we divided up the check, with some of us paying with our cards, some cash. My friend and I paid with card, and wrote to charge $22 per card. Instead, Aksum charged us both $122!!!!!!!!! HOW do you mess this up? Our total group charge was only around $175... WHY would our group pay $244 PLUS cash?? The waiter who took our payment acknowledged this, but his card reader "wouldn't cancel the order, and he had to go take care of the next big party, so he'd deal with it later" so I am obsessively checking my online statement, waiting for this charge to be addressed.
Overall, I had a horrible experience here, which is a shame, because it's a unique BYO venue near University City that would attract lots of students. But the poor food and service were absolutely embarrassing.This is a great restaurant, would definitely come again! The server was very friendly and attentive. I think we ordered too much food since the entrees are pretty big. The sauces were a bit watery and the dishes are definitely on the spicy side. Even when not announced. Still, everything was delicious, from the appetizers to dessert. Totally worth it!I had a pleasant dinner here a couple of days ago. I liked the atmosphere a lot -- soft lighting with simple modern decor and huge windows looking out onto the street. I was there with my mother, but the place has a sort of romantic atmosphere and would be good for a date. Service was very friendly and attentive but not annoying, and when we got seated at a table that had a bit of a draft, the server was very accommodating about finding us a more comfortable spot.
As for the food, it ranged from pretty good to really good. Portions were HUGE! I was very impressed by the mushroom soup (which my mother ordered, but I couldn't stop stealing spoonfuls). It had a very creamy texture and a lot of cinnamon, which worked amazingly well. I would go back again just for that soup. The lentil soup (which I ordered) was nice, but nothing too special...a thick, hearty stew that could be a meal in itself. As a main, I had the vegetable tajin. It came with nice, subtly spiced large grain cous cous and lots of vegetables cooked into a very tomato-rich stew with lots of very warm, lovely-smelling spices. It was just a little spicy/hot...enough to warm your tongue a bit but nothing overpowering. I enjoyed it, but thought the tomato-y flavors were a little too strong; I'd like to taste more of the eggplant and other veggies. I was so full from the soup that I only ate a few bites before asking for a box, and the tajin made a great lunch the next day.
Overall, I left happy and curious about some of the other things on the menu. I'll be back to reorder the mushroom soup and to try some of the other plates.I've walked into Aksum before it opened on Sunday morning once. The waitress was so kind enough to let me in and let me have a seat while I wait for my friends. The service is always amazing here which makes the food taste even better :) This place is perfect for people who are not really into sweet brunch.My friends and I had a goodbye dinner here. Overall the service was pretty decent and nice decor. Here are the things we ordered and my opinions of them:
Mussels: We liked this. Cooked well with a bit of a kick!
Baklava: We all felt this was much too sweet for our taste. Pastry was nice and flaky though. 
Jumbo shrimp pil pil: I thought the shrimp was cooked perfectly, but the rice was a bit too salty. 
Lentil soup: This soup was loaded with veggies but much too salty. 
Calamari: We liked this as well as the sauce that came with it. 
Nice place, but the flavor for some of the dishes were a bit off.BYOB! And accommodating.
Atmosphere: 9/10
West Philly gem, w/ a space that opens up to the neighborhood on the warmer days. 
-------------------------
Taste: 9/10
Tried the Chicken-n-Waffles (get the sriracha for the chicken) but the Almond Crusted French Toast one of the best fresh toast dishes I've ever had - and I use that as a gauge on a brunch venue... it held up very well. 
-------------------------
Quality: 10/10
They used challah bread for my french toast... nuff said. (Although they did use turkey sausage for their protein... beat it. Gimme that swine.) 
-------------------------
Service: 10/10
They took our party of 10 ppl at 2PM (which turned into 230PM) and their kitchen closed at 3PM. Normally I wouldn't order food within an hour of closing, but we had no alternative. They didn't rush us or half ass the food. Very impressed. 
-------------------------
Value : 11/10
For the quality of food, it was a great deal. 10 ppl at a complete brunch w/ an extra dish and gratuity for $134... that's insane.
-------------------------
Comparative: 10/10
1 of 1. A Mediterranean brunch w/ shrimp n grits on the menu...
-------------------------
Overall Personal Opinion: 9/10
Pleasantly surprised. Glad to know it's in that neighborhood.
-------------------------
Grade: 9.71 (A)A BYO surprisingly close to Penn's campus that isn't filled with Penn kids?! Crazy.
The first time I came here, about a year ago, really late on one of the first few days of spring. I got the lamb chops which exceeded my expectations. What I really remember is that it was my friend and I's first time trying hookah-our waiter went above and beyond showing us exactly how to do it! (So, if you haven't tried hookah and are curious, why not try it here?) Even though it was late, we never felt rushed either. 
I've since come back multiple times with groups of 8+ and I feel like it's an excellent choice for a group that size. The least adventurous can get the grilled chicken while others aren't stuck. In the 4+ times I've been here, I can't remember anyone disliking any dish they got. Service is also pretty quick-no waiting around a check, which I appreciate. Also in the plus side, there is more than enough space for large groups and it's easy to hear people, even at the height of their dinner crowd on a Friday or Saturday.If you can't find something delicious here you probably need to have your tongue cut out, because your taste buds aren't working.  We seriously had one of the best meals we've had in a long time.  And our server, Jonnashea, couldn't have been better - excellent food recommendations, very attentive (even though it was really busy) and super friendly.  We had the special (steak) and the salmon (regular menu) both seasoned perfectly.  We started with the beet salad which was enough to share, and also really great.  Can't wait to go back.  Thanks Jonnashea!This place seems overpriced.  I'm the type of person who would rather spend $8-12 on dinner and go out to eat twice, than pay twice that and go out to eat once.  This place is in the "eat once" range, and it's competing against "eat twice" restaurants in the same neighborhood that, in my opinion, have better food.
Portions are small.  I find I can't get enough food to satisfy myself without spending $25-30.
The quality of the food is good, but it's not mind-blowingly amazing, and, to be blunt, some of the other restaurants in this neighborhood are.  I feel like I'm paying more for the presentation of the food and the slightly-upscale atmosphere than for the quality of the food itself.
Another comment...this restaurant falls into the classic trap that a lot of higher-end restaurants do with their seafood selection: serving the same fish I can get anywhere, salmon, red snapper, which tend to be higher-priced selections, when there are other fish that are cheaper, more sustainable, and I think taste better.  Get creative!  Stop doing things the way they are done everywhere else.  Another way you can get me to pay a little higher price is if you're doing something genuinely novel, but this place didn't really strike me as original enough to compensate for their combination of higher prices, smaller portions, and good-but-not-amazing flavor.  The other day I had an amazing catfish soup at an Ecuadorian restaurant in Upper Darby, showing genuine culinary genius.  Get some cheaper fish and find creative ways to cook them.  Maybe you could lower your prices too!  This is what will get me in the door.
Service was good, I will say that.  I see a few complaints about the service from others but I've had very good experiences.  But, I came here closer to when this place opened, and it was not on a busy night.
I'm not really that interested in going back, although I wouldn't object if someone took me here again, so long as they paid for me.Went into Aksum on a whim for brunch. FANTASTIC food! I had the French Toast with sausage and berries. It came with a mimosa! In addition, I needed to get in and out and asked for quick service and quick it was. I will definitely be back.I really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. My boyfriend and I came here for a date night on a Saturday night. We made the reservations about an hour before at arrived around 7:45. We were seated inside by one of the tables at the window near the bar, which was really nice because the weather was nice and it was a cool breeze. We were kind of bummed because we didn't realize it was a byob, and would have grabbed some of one before coming to the restaurant. Nonetheless we enjoyed the atmosphere, the waitress was really nice, and the food was very tasteful. I ordered the salmon, and substituted the green beans with Brussels sprouts. The sweet potatoes were good but a little spicy for my taste. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and also enjoyed his meal. He also ordered the non-alcoholic sangria which he really enjoyed. Overall a great experience and we will definitely be coming back.A hidden gem! Delicious food and open late for dinner. Very nice staff and no wait on a saturday night at 9:30pm! Definitely give this place a try! They're by on too!Food is excellent.
Service not so much. 
I have had brunch here twice. Both times I ordered their French toast...it is seriously delicious. It comes with turkey sausage that has great flavor (not your standard turkey sausage), fresh whipped cream, strawberries, and maple syrup. Really good! 
The service on the other hand leaves a lot to be desired. Both times I had my 1 year old with me and was accompanied by a mommy friend with their tyke in tow. The servers are slow and don't seem to understand that with kids, you want the chance to get in and out. 
We were seated for a half hour before someone came and took our order, although we knew what we wanted right away. Couldn't seem to catch someone's eye. And then we didn't get checked on. They left off a side and we just had to wait. 
I'll be back but know what to expect. The slow/inattentive service is the norm here.(3.5 stars) Brunch here was enjoyable but didn't blow me away. The restaurant is also very small and awkwardly positioned when the outside tables aren't set up, so brunch might be loud and uncomfortable in winter. The menu is reasonably priced though, with dishes around $10. 
The chicken and waffles was by far the standout dish: waffles were fluffy, chicken crispy, and the sauce had a great savory, smokey flavor. Wish I went with it instead of the Moroccan eggs, which weren't bad just unmemorable. I was hoping that the tomato sauce would be more present, but it ended up getting lost in the runny eggs. The potatoes also were just very average, didn't have the flare or spice I anticipated.Really great place for brunch. We ordered a lot of different things. It was all delicious. I especially enjoyed the chicken and waffles, almond crusted french toast (that vanilla bean cream was amazing), and the arugula and goat cheese salad. I'd definitely recommend making reservations. This place is very crowded, but he staff handles it very well.We made a last minute large dinner party reservation for a birthday, and Aksum was happy to accommodate us.  We showed up to this cozy and atmospheric BYOB with more wine than people, a bottle of scotch and a bottle of whiskey. The waitress passed out shot glasses along with the goblets, and we never had to ask. 
We started with two hookahs and they were expertly prepared, and delightful. The appetizers arrived together and requests for extra pita were quickly fulfilled. Very soon the compliments began. From the lamb shank to the rosemary chicken, to a special dish of grilled salmon over rice for a guest with a dairy allergy, the accolades would not stop coming. Each guest was raving for the rest of the night about our choice of venue for this party.
House made bread pudding and Oreo beignets rounded off the meal sweetly, and there was a moment of stunned silence as everyone at the table tried their bites.
I absolutely cannot wait to visit Aksum again for a surely amazing BYOB brunch!Excellent food and amazing customer service, not to mention a beautifully decorated restaurant with great music. I took my mother to Aksum for her birthday a couple of weeks ago and she's still talking about how much she enjoyed it. To top it off, the chef made a special dessert just for us and my little girl that's not even on the menu...and it was absolutely out of this world! I love that locals are able to enjoy fine dining and cuisine right in our own neighborhoods. I will definitely be back!Nice restaurant with a fair price point. The wait staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Being a BYOB is a big plus. My husband and daughter had the grilled rosemary chicken. They both cleaned their plate. Our son had the strip steak which was a special last  night. The portion was huge. It was tasty and cooked just right. I had the sea bass over basmati rice. It was good but needed more umpf, perhaps a drizzle or salsa. The highlight of our dinner were the Oreo beignets. They were heavenly - warm and fluffy with a perfect crunch in the middle, served with berries and vanilla ice cream. They're a must if you dine here.Loved it! My boyfriend and I had an amazing dinner there. When the waitress learned it was our first time dining there, the chef sent out complimentary desserts: homemade gooey warm delicious bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. It was DIVINE. I'll go back to just to have dessert for dinner!Came here for dinner with a group of eight for a BYO dinner on Saturday night. When we made the reservation in advance, they asked that each person order a minimum of one entree, and there was of course the automatic 20% gratuity because of our party size.
I'd say that the food was above average, but not every dish was necessarily rave-worthy.
Things that stood out:
1. Tahdig. These are fried balls of risotto (so, similar to arancini), served with a spicy arrabbiata sauce and parmesan shavings. These were honestly probably the highlight of the meal. My friend said that he honestly could have ordered three of the tahdig and have been happy, and I agree. I prefer the arancini at Barbuzzo, but the tahdig here were excellent as well, and I loved the spicy arrabbiata.
2. Jumbo shrimp pil-pil. I'll be honest, I am not a fan of shrimp. At all. But having tried a bite of my friend's, this was pretty amazing. The shrimp were moderately spicy and flavorful.
3. Moroccan braised lamb shank. I'm not sure what the sauce was, but it complemented the lamb well. The lamb itself was amazingly tender and fell off the bone. It was extremely well-done; my only complaint would probably be that it was somewhat of a one-note dish in terms of flavor. 
I loved the ambiance of the restaurant; the space is gorgeous! In terms of service, for some reason it took us a good fifteen minutes to be given menus, which was odd--I had to actually catch the attention of one of the waitresses and ask for them. To be fair, though, there seemed to be only one or two waitresses managing the entire peak dinnertime.  
Overall, the food was great. I've already made plans to try the brunch menu, and if I return for dinner, I'll be trying the mussels!
Tip: there's a 10% discount with ID for students and teachers on Monday!Aksum is fine. The food is a bit expensive for what you get and most of it tastes like something you could cook at home with little or no problems if you had the time.
The staff is friendly and the place is comfortable enough. I've heard the brunch is great, but I haven't gone for that so I can only speak for their dinner menu.The lamb chops are good and if you excuse the servers who are all getting used to a new place, it's pretty decent food. The decor is mod and cozy and I love the windows that open onto the street. My fiance is in love with the Mahi Mahi pita wrap and the mashed potatoes are delish. It's worth a trip to support a local business. They should hurry and expand the menu though.The spicy crab soup was amazing. The atmosphere is great with the open windows in the summer. All of the entrees like great. We will definitely be coming back.Had dinner here last night with 5 of my friends. A few people in our group had been before, with mixed reviews (2 said it was fabulous, 2 said it was okay). My dinner was delicious. I started with the grape leaves, which are served cold--absolutely perfect after a hot day. I moved on to the special red snapper entree, which was grilled and served with the a tomato avocado relish. It was amazing! Other folks in the group started with the wild mushroom bisque, which they claimed was a bit too thick..more like a sauce then a bisque.  Two people had the avocado and tomato salad which, by all reports, was fabulous. Entrees had by others included lamb chops and the roasted chicken. All reports were that the food was really good. The waitress wasn't perfect but very nice, and that kind of thing doesn't bother me. All in all, I think Aksum is a great addition to our neighborhood. Looking forward to returning with my husband!Came here for brunch, and made sure to arrive early in case it was crowded. It wasn't, and the employees did not mind at all that we wanted to come in and sit down before they were technically open. 
I had the almond crusted French toast. It was amazingly crunchy on the outside, and perfect on the inside. The fresh berries and vanilla cream really took this dish up a level. 
My friend had the smoked salmon omelet, and she was very happy with how it was cooked and presented. 
The only downside to our brunch was that we sat near the windows, and they were quite drafty. 
But we just out our scarves against the bottom of the windows, and that worked to keep most of the chill out.Have you ever tried to take a picture of a sunset with your phone? The picture never looks as good as what you saw with your eyes. That's what it's like trying to describe their brunch in words. Their food tastes like happiness. 
The Moroccan Chicken and Waffles!!!  The chicken looked dry when it came out. I was kinda glad that my friend got it instead of me. Then she let me taste it. I didn't know that human beings could make things that taste like this. Not only was the chicken moist, it tasted like nothing I've ever had before. 
I looked down at my little Monte Cristo sandwich with regret. Then I tasted the potatoes that came with it. I've never had potatoes that made me blaspheme against french fries. They tasted like garlic and herbs or something. My palate isn't developed enough to make out what it was. Hell, it could've just been salt mined in heaven. All I know is that they were delicious. I made my way over to the sandwich...
I just sat and shook my head as I ate. The entire sandwich was good enough to make me take a knee in my mind and just thank every god I'd ever heard of for making the food possible. I would've eaten the plate if I didn't know any better.  
The food is good, and I'm sad because I live 150 miles away from it. 
Oh, and my kid had a pancake that tasted like a funnel cake! I didn't even know that was a thing.surroundings/ambiance: cozy with modern furnishings, soft guitar music, dimly lit but not so dark that I can't see the food I'm eating
service: friendly, helpful without hovering, my waitress knew the menu and competently made suggestions from the menu when asked
Veggie Tanjin with cous cous - 4/5, delicious and could probably be shared by 2; I chose this dish because I love eggplant, but don't expect it to steal the show. i don't remember ever liking cous cous in the past but this was pretty darn good. 
Fire Roasted Red Pepper And Tomato Soup - 3/5, more on the puree side, with a slight spicy kick. too salty for my taste. It's served with pita but I don't really see how you can dip that in a non-creamy soup.
Thick Wild Mushroom Bisque - 3/5, very very creamy. somewhat salty, but very good for dipping. eating this will definitely make you have a food baby afterwards.
Hummus - 5/5, definitely mixed with yogurt because it was super creamy. If I had to order all over again, I would definitely get this item and ask for an extra to take home.
Would definitely return again!We recently had a wonderful three-course dinner at Aksum as part of a large party. Aksum generously donated the proceeds that night a local arts organization, and the place was packed. We arrived to find really delicious cheese crisps on the table. The main course of lamb chops were the biggest I'd ever seen, and sauces and accompaniments paired perfectly. The lemon-cello bread pudding is not to be missed - a stunning dessert loved by all at our large table. Aksum is obviously a beloved part of the neighborhood and very connected to the community, and they give more than just lip service here, supporting both local and the arts. Thank you, Aksum!This was one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia. Flavorful food, superb service with very attentive wait staff, and beautiful decor. We went all out and our server made sure to pace our food well. We ordered the lentil soup, hummus, lamb shank, short rib, and fig creme brulee and ALL were amazing. Would definitely suggest, and we'll be coming back soon.I've had Aksum on my foodie list since I moved to Philadelphia a year ago and it definitely did not disappoint! The menu is full of such a wide variety of healthy Mediterranean brunch and lunch items. My table of 4 ordered green eggs and ham, Turkish scrambled, shrimp grits and the Smoked Salmon omelette. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was that my pita got soggy from one of the sauces on my green eggs and ham, but other than that - it was great and surprisingly filling. Smoked salmon omelette had very fresh salmon but the egg was quite bland and i ended up putting quite some salt on there. Also the potatoes were very bland. Shrimp grits was incredibly fragrant - yum - and Turkish scramble was an interesting blend of spices and definitely the most flavorful dish on the table. Great prices for what you get and left full and happy~ it's quite a far walk, but not in a sketchy area. Would save it for an adventurous brunch day in terms of walking and also food choices and next time I'll have to try their chicken and waffle!This places is hands down one of philly's best restaurants. It's very snug so I suggest making reservations during popular dinner times. The food was amazing with vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options. The 4 of us that went each ordered a different entree and had a taste of each others. No one was disappointed. The service was really good and accommodating seeing as we had some emergencies and missed our reservation time. The place is BYOB which I always prefer. And we were pleased with the reasonable prices on the menu. Definitely a restaurant to try in the city.My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a shot for a Valentine's day dinner, and are glad we did. The food and service were both fantastic. We started with the roasted tomato soup, which my bf thought was fantastic, and tried the mussels and grape leaves as well. The mussels were just as good, with a slightly spicy tomato broth which our server brought us extra pita bread to eat with. The stuffed grape leaves were fine, but not exceptional. Both of our entrees were delicious, and quite reasonably sized-we went with the rosemary lamb chops, and the red snapper. The snapper came with a side of creamy couscous which was delicious, and complemented the snapper's tangy olive/caper/tomato topping quite well.  The lamb chops and the side of orzo they came with were also great. We decided to split the limoncello bread pudding from a special Valentine's day menu-we both agree it was one of the best bread puddings we've had, and are sad it isn't on the regular menu! Our waitress was very attentive and friendly. The environment was very mellow and relaxed-it did seem like some of the tables were a bit close together, but that might just be to accommodate additional reservations for the holiday. I noticed some other reviewers mentioned a corkage fee, but it looks like they have indeed dropped it. Overall, dinner here was great. Apparently they also have a brunch menu, which I'm looking forward to returning to try!I love this place. The food and the atmosphere is great. I just wish the waitress wouldn't give you straws with her bare hands. Just use a napkin to pick them up. It's more sanitary.I would not say this is a good value for money dine out
1. The food seemed pretty costly with respect to the amount
2. They say ita mediterrianean restaurant but do not serve common mediterrianean desset like baklava. The lady serving us didnot even khow what baklava is
3. Overall taste of food was ok not great for 4 or 5 starHUGE DISAPPOINTMENT
My boyfriend and I had a Sunday brunch at Aksum. We were very excited and pleasantly impressed with the classiness of the place. 
SERVICE: The waitress was nice, but immediately forgot our drink order (coffee and an iced tea) and had to come back to check. Once I got my coffee, it was dropped off quickly and I had no time to ask for cream (it wasn't left on the table). The only time the waitress asked us how our food was, we had nearly finished.
FOOD: Ok. So when I enter a place that all fancied up and has a pricier(but not outrageous) menu, I'd figure the food to be fresh and tasty. I'm not really a stickler about this, but the menu was mismarked left and right. Vegan Options came with eggs, Vegetarian options came with turkey sausage. After much indecision, I decided to go with 3 poaches eggs, pita & hummus, grape leaf wraps, and a tomato and avocado salad. Sounds delicious! I was very excited. What I got was a HORRIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT. The eggs were kinda iffy. The hummus & pita were OK, but not the best. The grape leaf wraps, I MUST SAY, were very good and I would totally eat them again. but... the one thing I was very excited about- the tomato and avocado salad... it was nothing but slices of browning,bruised avocado and a really really under-ripe and gross tomato that had anything but flavor.
To make it an even bigger disappointment, I had a stomach ache immediately following the meal. Further into the day it lead into digestive issues.... YIKES
So, moral of this longwinded story is that I do not recommend this place, based on my experience. Others hopefully have had more pleasant experiences, but I'm not ever going back.SO thankful for this place and its welcome accommodation of our large group (what was supposed to be 22 turned into 30!). My club found out the day we were supposed to go out to dinner for a formal-type event that the restaurant we had planned on going to couldn't accommodate our number of people, so it was a stressful night of many phone calls trying to find a different place. We had already called 5 or 6 restaurants before Aksum and none could fit us in, but less than 24 hours in advance, Aksum was happy to get us a reservation. The restaurant was exactly what we wanted: good food, great service, reasonable prices, vegetarian/vegan options, BYO, and classy ambiance. Best of all they were accommodating in adding more chairs when our party mysteriously kept growing. Everything was great and I cannot recommend it enough.My sister & I went for Saturday brunch. Service and food were both good. We both had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was well seasoned, and was crispy outside and juicy inside. The waffles had just the right crunch. It was served with honey and a hot sauce that was too spicy for our taste buds (and we like spicy foods). The group of 3 at the table next to us had several dishes that food served to the diners at the tables around us looked as good as ours tasted. Will definitely be back to try some other dishes.I'd say more 4 1/2 but I'll give Aksum the extra half as I thought the food was delicious. We started with a spicy crab bisque. Had an obviously more mediterranean flavor than the crab bisque I've had around my area. This was a very good thing. It was so flavorful and very good. The spice was just enough. The homemade pita bread was light, airy, and very tasty. Heard a lot about the brussel sprouts so had to try them. They were great, the mixture of the sprouts with figs, candied walnuts, and goat cheese was awesome. I also didn't expect such a big serving so we took half home (almost time for lunch as I write this, yum). I ordered the mediterranean sea bass. It was cooked to perfection and the rice, tomatoes, olives, and capers made it even better. My wife had the lamb chops which she said was good, but did have too much gristle for her liking. My rating is based on my meal btw, but you may want to be aware of the chops if you plan on getting them. We were pretty full by this time so we decided to split a dessert. We ordered the fig creme brûlée. It was really good and the fig added a nice touch. 
The service was excellent, but my only complaint was a little too rushed. We were greeted at the door and were promptly seated. The waitress was very polite and helped in deciding the food choices. 
The place itself has a great atmosphere. Good music in the background and well decorated. Very nice for a casual restaurant.After 4 visits to Aksum, I have to downgrade the stars.  There are a number of reasons, primarily the food. With each visit, after the wonderful first dinner, the flaws produced by the kitchen became more evident.  The constant is the hummus.  The lamb shank, terrific at our first meal, was undercooked, cold(not even warm) and was a major disappointment. The tabbouhleh was so bland, although the shrimp in the salad were tasty.  The grilled calamari were so chewy and overcooked.  
To add to that subpar dinner, we found out that there is a corkage fee.  Apparently, many glasses have been broken by customers, and the owner 
has had to buy more glasses.  The stemware are so heavy and not very wine friendly.
It's a shame.  We waited for a place like this to open in the neighborhood and we had high hopes for Aksum.  There just seems to be too much inconsistency in the kitchen.  Hope that changes.Been here a couple of times down for both lunch and dinner, and I must say that both have been pretty satisfying!
The atmosphere of the place is small, nice, and quaint, and the restaurant is BYO! (I definitely recommend this place if you're looking to have a classier BYO experience).
Brunch: Absolutely try the almond crusted French toast and Moroccan chicken & waffles. There's a reason everyone always talks about them! The French Toast is soft on the inside and the perfect amount of crunch on the outside (with the almonds definitely adding to that, while adding the aesthetic too). And the chicken & waffles just blends perfectly in terms of sweet and savory. In terms of other dishes, the Green Eggs & Ham is decent. 
Dinner: My favorite so far has been the the lamb shank! It's cooked so well, and is very filling. The Rosemary chicken is a close second.
All in all, I think this a great place to chill and have a classy time with friends. I recommend using Spotluck to get an extra discount as well!The atmosphere at Aksum was great... the food, not so much. I ordered the grilled seitan, which came with wild mushroom faro, peppers, and avocado. I was very disappointed by the sparse amount of seitan that was actually in the dish; most of my plate was faro. The rest of the dish was pretty bland, and I definitely did not feel full after I finished eating. My friend ended up ordering an extra soup halfway through his dinner because he was still hungry too.
The restaurant also somehow messed up our reservation. My friend had originally made a reservation for 6pm, but they called her saying to come at 6:30 instead... but then at 8:30, our (rather large) group was rushed out in order to accommodate another big party. Um, okay, thanks...
One thing I will say though is that their menu is very vegetarian/vegan-friendly. Other than that, there wasn't anything I particularly liked about Aksum that makes me want to return.The service was poor. The food came really slow, and the waitresses were not very kind to our party.
The cheese bread stick was crispy and light and a perfect appetizer. But given the time that we had to wait for our food, they could have given us more. My friends and I all ordered the honey glazed salmon. It tasted pretty good. The salmon was not overall sweet, while the spicy mashed potatoes was very complimentary. However, our portions were drastically different. Mine was half of that of my friend's. I also tried the bread pudding and baklava. The bread pudding had good consistency and was warm, but the baklava was too sweet.So this place is solidly good.  It's got a lovely interior, and being a westphilly resident I love having places I can take my parents or friends for a celebration dinner or just a nice meal out.
The food is ALWAYS good, but it did arrive warm once (not hot). They seem to have some ongoing issues with service, thought not bad enough that you'd stop going there. One thing that didn't bother me but might annoy others is this: I have been several times and ordered the same dish a couple of visits...and it is always prepared/plated differently-- almost as if you cooked it at home. Now, the key flavors remain in tact, so I'm not complaining, but if you are looking for the same experience each time, forget it. 
As for the food...they have a decadent brunch and reasonably-priced dinner options.
They are a BYOB and I think they have hookah too.We ate at Aksum 5 or 6 times since opening and enjoyed it but it wasn't anything I found myself too excited about. Then over the December holidays I took my visiting parents there and we had a meal we talked about for weeks afterwards; it was absolutely perfect. 
We started with the humus/pita plate and strawberry/avocado salad.  Both were amazing. Even my 20 month old son kept saying "mo, mo" (more). My main dish was a salmon special that blew my mind; total out of body experience; I ate it all and didn't want to share with any of my loved ones I was dining with.   
After leaving I read Aksum recently hired a new chef. So that explained the change there. We ate there again last night and left feeling the meal was worth every penny.  We had the honey salmon, red snapper, special beet salad, and humus/pita plate. I love that I can go there and not bring food for my toddler, he eats everything there, even the beet salad which was divine. 
Think of this as a brand new place since their new chef started.  Try again if you went there before and were not pleased. You won't be sorry.    I'm am the worst food snob and don't enjoy eating out because I'm so picky. This place rocks and is raising the bar in west Philly.  Long live Aksum.The food is very presentable and the atmosphere is very posh, but in terms of taste I wasn't blown away. To be fair, I have dietary restrictions that the restaurant was kind enough to cater to; they recommended I get the sea bass because they could prepare it without any oil or butter. However, when the dish came out I'm prettttyyyyy sure I saw a lot of excess oil and the rice and vegetables were definitely seasoned.
Luckily I had special oil absorbing papers to soak up the far before I ate, and so I was eventually able to enjoy my meal. I realize my review is not fair since my bland diet restrictions are so extreme, but I wish they had asked if I could have the rice/veggies on the side. It's the customer's health/life at stake you know? Maybe I just can't eat out after all :/Food was delicious and the service was good.  I went with a party of six. on a Wednesday night, to celebrate one of our colleagues. Everybody liked their food and the waitress was kind and attentive enough.  We all cleaned our plates.
The atmosphere is pretty cool too. It's nice to go to a restaurant in a neighborhood where it is easy to find parking.
I'm really surprised by some of the other reviews that have slammed this restaurant.I feel like this review could pretty much say: Aksum is great and you should go! But I'll give a bit more detail. In the interest of full disclosure, I went to Aksum for the frist time about two years ago for brunch, and remember really enjoying my experience, but nothing else (ah, old age) so this review is mostly based on a dinner I had just last week. 
We had some friends in town who have been to Philly a bunch of times and were looking for a new hood to take them to, and West Philly was perfect. We had 8:15 reservations at Aksum, were seated immediately, and our waitress happily set us up with our three bottles of wine. My first score point for a BYO is how much side-eye the servers give when we bring out a bunch of alcohol, and Aksum passes with flying colors. #nojudgementzone 
We ordered a bunch of food and went in for the shared meal. We started with the hummus platter, the brussels sprouts, the fattoush salad and the fried artichokes and honestly everything was fab. The hummus was the only thing that didn't totally wow me, but one out of four ain't bad! The salad was super fresh and delicious, the artichokes we're lightly friend and crispy and had a lovely aioli on the side, and the sprouts were just so good - crispy brussels are pretty trendy now but I'm a sucker for those little crispy leaves and Aksum delivered. (My only minus one here is that we asked for them to be made without bacon and there was bacon in our dish. The waitress didn't write anything down when we ordered so I was bummed when sure enough, there was this oversight - but super minor in the grand scheme of things.)
For mains we ordered the lamb and the branzino - both were huge portions and great for splitting. I don't eat lamb, but my friends loved it, and the fish was perfectly crispy and I loved the rice. We got the lamb bones to-go for my dog, and he agreed that the scraps we're amazing - he eats literally anything, including non-food items, but still, approval is approval!
We're not huge dessert people, but when fried Oreo beignets are on the menu, you get them, and inhale them, and praise the heavens that some chef came up with that magical dish. Done.
Generally we loved our evening - affordable, yummy, cute and tons of veggie friendly options if you're into that stuff. Also worth noting that there's a wine store just about two blocks away if you need to pick up some dranks before your meal. Aksum (and wine store), we'll definitely be back!!I went here for dinner with some friends. The atmosphere was warm and inviting, although the space was a little more cramped than I was expecting. The staff was pleasant and helpful, nothing spectacular. My take on the food is that it was good and well prsented, but definitely not worth the price they are charging.Yuck. Seriously disappointed with this meal.
When we came in we were delightfully surprised, the restaurant is very nice, adorably decorated, cozy lighting and everything - seriously perfect for a date. We sat down and the server was so friendly, she was wonderful. Her style even suited the restaurant - bright red lips and a retro vibe that perfectly matched the feel of the place.
However... once the food came, my husband and I just looked at each other, thinking "seriously?" The starter was honestly a hunk of eggplant with what tasted like canned tomato sauce on top. Then when my chicken came, it was the same thing. The chicken had that unique taste that chicken gets when it's been defrosted and even cooked in a microwave - kind of mushy and hollow feeling. Then the orzo was literally just doused with the same canned tomato sauce. It tasted like something you'd make when you're seriously out of groceries...
If you're just coming in for something simple like drinks and french toast, i can see this place being a great spot - but if you're earnestly seeking Mediterranean food, skip this place for sure.Finally made it to Aksum. I'd hesitated over going there for a pretty long time given the prices & the menu online. Didn't seem like you were getting much (or anything special), but they were listed favorably on Gluten Free Philly, so we decided to check it out.
We started with the stuff grape leaves, which were nothing special, but pretty good. I had the jumbo shrimp pil pil - not bad. He had the honey-glazed salmon - no complaints there. Atmosphere was good (the windows were wide open for good weather) and the decor was refined. BYO is always a win.
I've got nothing terrible to say about Aksum but nothing to rave over either. They're brunch menu looks intriguing. I'm confident that we'll be back (eventually...)Very Nice portion of Salmon and mashed potatoes with a different taste. needed a little more of the green vegetable(unless they were for decoration) Nice service but I believe they should have had more than one waitress for the whole restaurant.The oven-roasted Brussels sprouts appetizer with bacon/pancetta/goat cheese/fig marmalade was fabulous and the perfect size for two people. I had the fish special (whole cooked fish) and my husband had the roasted duck--both delightful. Warm bread pudding with ice cream for dessert was the perfect ending to a reinvigorating meal with one of the nicest waitresses I've had in a while. Glad I came back to Aksum!Great food, hookah, atmosphereWent there with a large group - reservations were a snap in advance.
Decor is very nice. It's located on a main street so good amount of street parking (esp. since it's not Center City). 
I went for brunch. Great combos of having exactly that -- lunch and breakfast. I always get confused when I go to many brunch spots and I have to choose between lunch or breakfast, but here I could have both b/c the entree's seem to be created that way. The food was fresh. And tasty!! There were 9 of us gals. We all enjoyed our food (each of us got something different, sorry I can't remember it all, I should have wrote this review right away), one of my friends placed an order to take home for her husband b/c she liked it so much. 
It's not a huge spot, but it's not tiny spot either. If you are going on Sunday for brunch, you should probably make reservations to be safe.Stumbled in here on a snowy Friday night before a show at Curio Theater.  Best mussels ever (in a kind of Moroccan-tasting jalapeno sauce) - so good that we ended up dipping the risotto balls in the sauce.  The lamb shanks were tender and perfectly seasoned.  My chicken was a little over-cooked, but so flavorful that it didn't matter.  
Just sorry this isn't closer.  On the other hand, nice to have a go-to place in West Philly.Friendly service and delicious food! I loved the seasonal soup, and everything I've had there comes out in substantial portions and tasty.Great dinner last night. We sat inside with cool  breezes wafting in through the big open windows.
Many other diners chose to dine outside on this warm night. 
Sometimes the food can be a bit uneven, but ours was great: I had seafood paella (a special), and my husband had his favorite Lebanese lemon shrimp and chicken. We shared a delicious fig creme brulee for dessert. Always great service and last night, good music too!We had the pleasure of eating at this new BYOB on Baltimore Ave. last night.  The restaurant is small, but lovely.  The windows open on nice days and there is a small amount of outdoor seating.  The food was very good. The humus was extremely garlicy, but good garlicky.  The chicken wrap and mahi mahi wraps were not quite as expected.  The better thing to order would have been more tapas or the entree's. The lamb chops got rave reviews!  Service a bit slow, but pleasant.  Did not taste dessert this time.I can't say I was blown away by my visit here.  First of all it has a fancy pretentious vibe that turned me off from the start and makes me question whether I'm going to be ripped off.  I prefer places that feel like your grandmas house. Even our waitress gave a pretentious vibe. But was good service. The food was an ok attempt at Moroccan style food, but just didn't taste authentic to me.  I had the short ribs with risotto and the risotto was fairly tasty but was not spicy (hot) as the waitress said it would be.  And another dish (the tagine) which was said to be not spicy, was. Also the meat in my dish was tough and tasteless.  The risotto became boring quick and I didn't finish my meal.  The lamb someone else ordered was pretty good though, so was the sea bass. I'd definitely go with one of the lamb dishes if you go here.  It's good, but  mostly just not my style and pretty expensive. Oh and it's Byob which to me is not an asset as some think, just means the restaurant is too cheap to get a liquor licence.  I recommend Dahlak down the street for restaurants in the area, its very homey, unpretentious feeling with amazing food.You should definitely give this place a try ! I came here for brunch with a party of 8 ladies and ordered the Almond Crusted French toast, turkey sausage and a green tea. I was definitely of fan of how the green tea was loose leaf. 
My only gripe is that the turkey sausage was a bit salty for my taste and the syrup for the French toast was too sweet. Otherwise the service and prices were decent and the food was very tasty and presented well. 
Our server recommended the chicken and waffles and 2 of the ladies opted for that as their meals and they thoroughly enjoyed it. I would definitely try that next time. 
I'll be back.Arrived for brunch with no reservation but were quickly seated at the bar. The service was great an the food was delicious. I had the chicken and waffle ... the chicken was nice and moist and the waffle was amazing. Prices were better than expected too.
Will definitely be going back ... maybe for dinner next time.My boyfriend  and I walked past this place on our way to another brunch spot. When the other place had a line out the door we decided to come here and were so glad we did! 
We were seated right away even though they were pretty busy. I couldn't even decide what I wanted from the menu because there were so many awesome choices. We started off with the kale spanikopita. I decided to go with the shakshuka (eggs cooked in spicy tomato sauce) and my boyfriend got the corn griddle cakes with blueberry compote (kind of like a cornbread pancake). Both dishes were so delicious. I was practically drooling watching the other food coming out of the kitchen. The chicken and waffles looked out of this world.
The service was pretty good and our food came out fast. A nice touch was that they were playing one of my favorite albums by one of my favorite artists. They're a little obscure so I was obviously very excited about that!
 I can't wait to return to try some other dishes. I'm so glad I found an amazing brunch spot right down the street from where I live.Great Food!!! Brunch is delicious. The BYOB is great for whatever you want to have with both breakfast and dinner. The vibe is great and servers are sweet.Love this place. They have an amazing spicy crab bisque. Every time I go there it's a must have. All entrees cost roughly $16-20 which is great cause it's also BYOB. So date night can be under $50. The portion sizes are great as well. I'm a huge fan of their salmon dish. Perfect blend of sweet and spicy. You'll definitely be please with the menu options and service you receive.cozy brunch place: they know how to make some crunchy crunch breakfast potatoes !!!! the potato lover in me is satisfied I also got the omelette which was nice as wellLentil soup is spicy delicious...SHrimp pil pil and vegtable tanjine.....you MUST get the Oreo Biegnets.....whoaThis place is super cute with great food. I was hesitant at first to order the hummus; I'm of middle eastern decent, so I guess you could say I have high expectations when it comes to this cuisine. Anyway, we ordered the hummus and a couple other dishes, and they definitely did not disappoint. Everything tasted amazing. It was our waitresses first week and even she was lovely and professional. Do not miss out on this place.Okay so they got me at the BYOB , I love this place  the food is really good and you don't have to deal with the hustle of downtown.Well, I guess I need to have my tongue cut out, lol  We finally made it there for brunch.  I was really looking forward to it but unfortunately it was just mediocre.  Judging from other reviews, I think we were there on an off day.  I'm willing to go back for brunch but my husband isn't.  His shrimp and grits were loaded with garlic.  I personally wouldn't have been able to eat it.  He was majorly bummed about it.  I think he would give brunch a 1 or 2.  My omelette was just okay.  The service was excellent - no complaint there whatsoever.Best brunch anywhere near University City! Aksum is a Mediterranean restaurant that kills it with dishes like Moroccan eggs and shakshuka, but it also has almond-crusted French toast that can't be beat.
Aksum offers a wide menu that caters to folks with dietary restrictions (vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free). Everything is made fresh, so they can also modify dishes to take care of customers with food allergies.
The food is reasonably priced, the service is great, and the restaurant accepts reservations! 
Bottom line: You should eat here.Went by myself last night and was seated immediately; server was very attentive and nice. I ordered the rosemary chicken, which was great; just the right portion size and very flavorful.  Great ambiance even for a lone diner!This place rocks,,,they execute at a high level every single time we have been here.  Shrimp pil pil....spicy lentil soup...vegetable tajin....amazing friendly efficient service....We dined at aksum cafe last night, our first time. The dining room is well decorated and pleasant, with plenty of glass. At times, the full dining room got a bit loud and they will have to work on that.  Service was very good, pleasant and accomodating.  They let the 3 of us eat at our own pace, one dish at a time.
The food is very good.  It is spiced but not overly so.  It is well presented on the plate.  The focus is on Mediterranean and African cuisines. Everything we had was delicious. The hummus was garlicky, just the way we like it.  Nothing worse than bland hummus. The Fattush salad, resembles the Turkish shepherd salad, was a mixture of cucmbers, tomatoes, peppers onions in a tasty and spicy dressing.  
Our large plates were the shrimp stew and lamb shank.  The shrimp stew had six shrimp with peppers, onions in a tasty broth.  The lamb shank is cooked slowly and falls off the bone.  It came with fingerling potatoes and carrots and olives. We liked all of our dishes, small and large.  We finished with the baklava, which was drizzled with honey and came with fresh berries (4 different kinds) and whipped cream.  A nice ending.
We chatted with the owner Saba on the way out.  She was interested in our comments about the food. She was pleasant and appreciated our comments..
The prices are reasonable and the portions are good sized but not overwhelming.  You get your money's worth.
It was a pleasant experience and we will be back to try the other dishes.
Don't forget, bring your own bottle(s).Went there last night after work and had a fantastic experience. Outstanding server. Excellent food. We had several tapas: fried artichokes, fried orzo balls, hummus and the spinach bital. Topped it off with fig creme brûlée. Everything was delicious. Would go back in a heartbeat.I went here for brunch and it was just 'ok'.  Nothing to rave about really.  Service was a bit on the slow side and the food was average.  The Mission Fig Crepes were good but a bit light for an entire dish.  The decor is good and the atmosphere is refreshing.
All in all a reasonable stop, but if you're looking for something spectacular, I'd find another restaurant.Aksum, another neighborhood joint, is a small ~12 table establishment located a couple blocks from Clark Park.  Its name is derived from the Aksumite Empire that covered Eritrea, Yemen, Saudia Arabia, and other present day countries...or at least that's what the "About Aksum" says on the menu.
I'm not a big fan of Mediterranean food as I find it rather bland compared to the more powerful spices that are infused into other cuisines like those found in Latin America and Southeast Asia.  And I don't like olives!  But, I thought I'd give this a shot as it's in the neighborhood.  
The decor and atmosphere at Aksum is not "high end" but certainly much higher end than most of the other restaurants in the Cedar Park area (the only comparable restaurant in this regard is Vietnam Cafe, which is a 60 second walk away).  The prices are also adjusted accordingly.  The question I had was - are the flavors and the service worth the higher price tag? Maybe.
The rosemary grilled chicken was plated beautifully, and the chicken breast marinated in the house's rosemary sauce was super tender.  The olive pine nut tapenade that was layered on top of the chicken had a strong, bold flavor.  The garlic mashed potatoes, however, was bland and blah.  I wouldn't have known they were garlic mashed potatoes had I not been told there was garlic in them.  The grilled asparagus were grilled asparagus.
For the entire restaurant, there was only one waitress.  This seemed about right when I first walked in as the place was only at 20% capacity.  But, when it started reaching 80% capacity, the waitress definitely had more on her plate than she could handle in a timely manner.  It took 15 minutes from asking for my check to actually receiving it...and then another 5 minutes to get my credit card back. A third of an hour gone. 
Aksum uses Square for credit card payments, and I was surprised when they brought out an iPad.  I thought I had won something, but they just wanted my autograph.My husband and I went to Aksum for brunch and the food was excellent! I had the almond crusted French toast and it was AMAZING!! He loved the blueberry pancakes! The sangria iced tea was very refreshing! We will definitely return!Amazing food and atmosphere!! The breadsticks are delicious and the tapas are well portioned. There are vegan and veggie options and the deserts are amazing!! 
The only reason it's not a 5 is that the tofu curry was a little over seasoned but all 5 of the people with us would recommend this place to friends. 
With its fair prices I will definitely come back.... Often!!Mediterranean food is so damn delicious--OMG. Came for brunch this morning and enjoyed myself.
The table shared the hummus and the brussel sprouts. They were BOMB! I had the hardest time choosing an entree. Everything sounded great. I was able to eat off of everyone's plate, so I pretty much eating a lot of what I wanted LOL I ended up ordering the Green Eggs and Ham: pesto eggs and Canadian bacon. So delicious.
I was gonna give them 4 stars, but they sell Pellegrino, so that makes up for what they lack. This place is BYOB. Not really my style, but kind of cool?...IDK The place is tiny as hell, so I totally recommend making reservations. They didn't have straws and that kind of freaked me out. Not sure if it was just today, but guys, PLEASE get some straws, for the love of God LOL 
Shout out to Heather. She took good care of us! I can't wait to come back.One of the best Mediterranean meals I have ever had.
Roasted beet salad with goat cheese, greens and walnuts....sautéed Brussel sprouts with figs, nuts, bacon and creme fraise (OMG!), rosemary chicken with asparagus, and a magical vegetable tajin with couscous.  
WOW.
Reasonable prices, excellent service (love the owner!) 
We will make it a point to come here whenever we are in Philadelphia!!Would definitely return. 4 adults and a 1-year-old for Saturday brunch. Our table was waiting - reservation at 11 a.m. Nice touch: they brought our toddler a small bowl of cut up fruit.
Misstep: blueberry pancakes. Odd texture.
But I tried my gf's breakfast potatoes and they were incredible. Would definitely do eggs and potatoes next time. We shared a spanakopita which was very good with kale and apricots. One friend had her own spanakopita with fattush and a side of scrambled eggs -- hefty portions. One had shakshuka and subbed avocado for the turkey sausage. My gf had the baked eggs with chicken and coriander.
From other reviews, I was afraid that the service would be very slow, but we didn't have any problems at all.TL;DR: I hosted dinner party for 40 people - worked out perfectly. Favorite dish is Orzo Arrbiata. Service is incredible. 
_______________________________________________
My first time at Aksum was for a small dinner and due to its success, I decided to plan my birthday there. Though I definitely maxed out Aksum's restaurant capacity (I had around 40 guests), the perfect execution of my special night on such a large scale is what makes me wholeheartedly recommend Aksum - whether it be for an intimate dinner or a large party.
A casual afternoon stroll into West Philadelphia led me to stumble upon this hidden gem. With large glass panels for windows, outdoor seating and dimly-yet-cozy-lit interior, what more could you ask for when such is both a BYOB and a place for shisha (Hookah)? 
The manager Hannah is incredible. She handled everything from party planning to event management with professionalism, grace and an unbeatable smile. Her team is also fantastic - they dealt with every inquiry speedily and appropriately. The impeccable service definitely sculpted the success of the night.
With 40 hungry guests, I am positive that our group pretty much tried everything on the menu. I had an exceptional Angry Baby Eggplants for starters. It was just the right amount of sauce and neatly balanced out the freshness of the eggplant. 
For my entree, I had the Honey Glazed Salmon. It was a good dish but it definitely loses to my friend's Orzo Arrbiata. The orzo was cooked in a tomato-based sauce and it was delightful. Only criticism someone had was that their lamb shank was a bit dry. 
I would just like to thank Hannah again for making this night incredible. Every single one of my guests had a terrific time (pledging to return!) and I am extremely happy that Aksum was the one I chose to host my special night with.This place was hands down one of the best places that I have ever dined at!! It deserves five stars for it's eclectic décor, wonderful customer service, good music and of course good food! I'm from Southwest Philly and it's funny cause I never knew this place existed, was it a hidden jewel??
When I arrived, I was impressed by the outdoor seating and the large open windows, which allows for natural sunlight to come thru. I came with a party of three and we decided to eat outdoors. They also offered a nice bar and it was also BYOB.
Our waiter was very friendly and attentive to our dining experience. I ordered the Moroccan chicken and waffles while two of my friends ordered the salmon omelette and potatoes and my other friend ordered the shrimp and grits which also came with potatoes and pita bread.
Ok, so my chicken and waffles was oh  so good, the chicken breast was crispy, flavorful and had a sweet glaze on top. They also had cilantro on top of the chicken. I could tell that they probably soak the chicken before cooking it because it was so moist. The dish also had a spicy sauce on the side to compliment the crispy chicken. My waffles was buttery, crisp and also flavorful. My meal was the perfect balance of sweet and savory and it was served on this pretty wooden plate. My friend tried my chicken and he even said it was the best chicken he has ever tasted! Btw my other friends also enjoyed their meals. We decided to get dessert so we all shared the bread pudding and the Oreo dessert both were delicious and offered a pretty presentation. Kudos to the chef that not only cares about the quality of their food but also the presentation. This restaurant prepares their food with precision!
Overall this was a great dining experience, we all sat and talked for hours cause it was just so comfy and we listened to the jazz music in the background and Frank Sinatra. My friend loved this place she already made plans for us to come back in October for dinner and she said she was going to try their lamb entrée. I recommend all to visit Aksum.Very good food. Cool atmosphere. They no longer serve hookah here, which is disappointing. However, this is just a consistently great restaurant. It's also a byob.I think that the atmosphere of this restaurant is wonderful and that it is a great addition to the neighborhood. We were very excited when it opened, but I must say that we were pretty disappointed with the majority of the food that we tried. We split the hummus appetizer, and then my fiance got the chicken wrap for his entree and I got the lamb shank. 
The hummus was a very small portion and was REALLY spicy. I think maybe they made a mistake and put too much cayenne pepper in it? We were warned that it was garlicky, but that wasn't it-- this set our mouths on fire! The chicken wrap, though, was the most disappointing part of our meal. My fiance said it tasted like something you could get at Subway (but it was smaller)-- the chicken wasn't spiced at all and the "tahini" tasted like mayonnaise. You'd be much better off at Saad's or Kabobeesh for a chicken wrap. My lamb, on the other hand, was very well cooked and I did enjoy it. I asked for it without olives, though, and it was almost cloyingly sweet without them.
Over all, I was really excited for a place like this to open up in our neighborhood. I hope they will change some things up about their menu so that we can go back and enjoy it-- after our first experience, my fiance is reluctant to return!My fiancé and I went back this past Sunday for brunch and this time I got the chicken and waffles...Oh man, no wonder my fiancé has been talking about their chicken since we first tried Askum almost 4 months ago...that chicken was AMAZING (the waffles were okay they weren't warm, more like room temperature and I didn't like that). I really contemplated asking them if I bought a pack of chicken would they season it for me, I mean I wouldn't ask them to cook it too, I would do that part...Aksum is a small, intimate restaurant with a relaxed neighborhood atmosphere, and innovative dishes. It's also BYOB, which is always a plus! Our group shared the crispy Brussels sprouts and roasted garlic hummus. Both were very good, but the sprouts really stood out. I chose the fish special, while others in the party had salmon, lamb, chicken, and curried tofu with farro. Everyone enjoyed their dishes, and the service was exceptional. Would definitely return when in the area!I got the honey glazed salmon and it is literally one of the best salmon I ever had. I went with my friends and we only have 3 girls but we got 4 entrees and 2 deserts which we finish all of it. This definitely shows how good this restaurant is. It would totally go back for another meal.I had an absolutely delicious mahi mahi wrap for lunch the other day! The pita was so light, fresh and had been charred on the outside which was an excellent touch. I don't normally like coleslaw but all the veggies in it were wonderfully crunchy and it had a nice flavor, not just mayonnaise flavor which to me is gross. All the veggies in the wrap were also super crunchy which was great since both the wrap and fish are soft. My mom had the falafel and a side of spinach and she loved them both and ate everything on her plate. I'm looking forward to going back again! The service was also very good.The last time we ate at Aksum, it was a very unsatisfactory.  The grilled calamari were tasteless and rubbery.  The lamb shank was inedible. I posted a review on that disastrous dinner. After some time away, the two Ks and I decided to return to Aksum for dinner last night. The dinner last night was very enjoyable.  Night and day.  
We ordered the hummus, which is a favorite. Instead we were given the Mediterranean platter with hummus, tzaziki and lentels, compliments from the chef. We were charged only for the hummus.  Nice touch.  The platter was delicious and filling. We ordered the fired calamari with arrabiata sauce next.  This was also tasty, although some of the calamari pieces were saltier than others. We had to order the lamb shank and see if the last shank was an anomaly.  It was.  Last night's lamb shank was tender, fell of the bone with a slight tough of the serving spoon. The fingerling taters and green beans were cooked well. We finished with two desserts, the bread pudding and the oreo beignet.  Both were very good. The oreo beignet was my favorite, a bit decadent with ice cream and fresh fruit.
Our server was pleasant, informative and competent. She also is a very interesting young lady. We enjoyed our dinner last night very much.I've been here twice and both times the food was really good! It's very close to where I live, so it's convenient, but both times I've been here the service was not good. I'm a server myself, so I am very easy on fellow servers, and can tell when they are swamped. My first time here, I got the chicken and waffles, but wasn't given any maple syrup. I know that's not my servers fault, but I waited 10 minutes for him to even come check on us after we got our food as I watched him (I was sitting outside) stand at the server station chatting with another server the whole time. Me and my entire table of 4 also sat there with empty water glasses the entire time. The next time I came this was also an issue, even though my server was visibly not busy. I'll probably give this place another try because I like the food, but I'm hesitant because of the inattentive servers I've had both times I was here.One of (if not my favorite) restaurants in the area. Their food is always amazing and you get pretty big portions for the price. I also love that it's a byo so I can plan ahead and pick a wine or beer to pair with my meal.Awesome food and great service, especially for a BYOB. Excellent vegetarian/vegan selection, and even the meat eaters loved it. I'll be back!If you're planning on doing Sunday brunch, I would definitely aim on making reservations, it is super packed. Great for handling large groups. Lentil soup is really spot on, slow cooked and good combination of spice. Shakshuka eggs were a nicely cooked sunny side up with a sweet and spicy tomato sauce. I felt like the sauce was not very well balanced, too sweet, and did not go well with the pita or eggs. Great portions though. Overall, solid service and would be back for dinner.Came here for brunch on an early sunday afternoon.  Got their green eggs and ham - eggs with pesto, canadian ham, and toast with garnish.  Was definitely pleased with the food, but was completely distracted by the amount of flies in this place! No matter how nice the decor was, and how well prepared food was, it all comes downhill when I'm spending every two minutes swatting flies off myself,  my food, or my friends.Good tasty food Excellent for your money
Spices that you do not know Gourmet? Probably no 
You need to enjoy richly spiced not necessarly hot food but I doI've been meaning to check this place out for a while now and I'm glad I finally did. Aksum offers up a delightfully unique brunch menu making it a solid alternative to other popular brunch spots in the city. I already can't wait to go back to try more of the menu! 
This time we started with a couple tapas. We chose the Med East sampler which includes hummus with pita, stuffed grape leaves and lentils. The hummus was super garlicky (which I enjoy - but beware if you aren't REALLY into garlic) and the pita warm and chewy. The grape leaves were delicious and paired perfectly with the cool, creamy labneh dolloped on top. The lentils were tangy and a little spicy - some horseradish in there? - yet cool at the same time. Quite lovely. We also ordered the tahdig which are risotto balls. These were perfectly crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside with a little bit of heat.
For my entrée I ordered the almond crusted French toast which was ridiculously good. It had the perfect amount of sweetness and the almonds made for a nice crunch without overpowering the thick challah. The fruit it was served with was fresh. I personally am not a fan of turkey sausage so I skipped those... I do wish they served regular breakfast sausage.
My friend had the shrimp and grits which she really enjoyed. We shared a (massive) serving of the house potatoes but found them to be too dry to eat more than a few bites.
Of note: There is a kids menu available. However we didn't need this since my friend's mini-me is already an adventurous eater at the young age of 4. She loved the hummus and tahdig, declaring both delicious!
Service was super attentive and very friendly, especially toward the kiddo. The restaurant itself is rather beautiful and modern, especially for a West Philly spot. Prices are reasonable. Next time I visit here (sooner rather than later!) I'll go in the evening so I can try their hookah.I've never had mediterranean food before, but I am now a fan. I came here with a group of 5 other people. We shared some appetizers to start: crispy brussel sprouts, kale spanakopita, and roman artichokes. Everything was delicious! I'm not sure I would order the roman artichokes again though- they were good, just not "out of this world." For my entree, I got the vegetable tajin.. Again, this meal was great. The portion was large too so I saved half to take home. Other people got the greek lamb chops, curry tofu, crispy duck, and red morocco salad. Everyone finished all their food, so I'm assuming they liked it too! We shared the oreo beignet and bread pudding for dessert. The oreo beignet (basically fried oreos) was really good! The bread pudding was a little dry in some parts though and a little tough to chew. Overall though, we were very pleased with our meal (came to $30/person with gratuity) and our service. I highly recommend checking this place out.I tried the Moroccan chicken and waffles here as well as the Monte Carlo sandwich. Both were delicious options with the sangria tea. 
The chicken and waffles were delicious. Waffles were beautifully cooked with a golden crisp to them and sweetened. Paired with the crispy fried chicken... mmmm  
The sandwich had turkey and cheese with bacon and house potatoes on the side with apricot jam. The sandwich was delicious. Great balance of flavors and well seasoned. Paired with the apricot jam, it cuts the saltiness of the turkey and cheese.  The potatoes were a little over fried though. Couldn't really taste the potato, just fried starch. 
Not a bad place for brunch in general.My new favorite university city spot. The food was exceptional & the service as well. You will not be disappointed.  The plates are artfully arranged & the food is truly fab. My friend had the glazed salmon & I the shrimp. Both wonderful dishes. After dinner and a delightful creme brûlée dessert we smoked cherry hookah overlooking the open wall sized windows. A perfect summer night.Love this place. BYOB (dinner and brunch) The atmosphere is both chill and lively. Filled with the sound of popping bottles, love it. Staff is pleasant. Diverse crowd. Food is amazing. Love their salmon, Brussel Sprouts, french toast, really everything is tasty. 
Go.I've seen this restaurant on 6 ABC, Fox Philadelphia and Philadelphia magazine its about 5 miles away in Philadelphia just outside of Delaware County. Well worth the trip, it lives up to the hype in every way. I arrived approximately 20 minutes early for my reservation because I believed I would have a difficult time after a snowstorm locating parking. It was a little difficult but not the worst experience. The parking difficulties were soon made up by the food and service that I received.
I was immediately seated with a nice window view. You could see the beautiful snow outside and people walking by. It was still only slightly white but a beautiful winter sight. The interior of this place is very modern chic, leather and dark wood. It's small but it could accommodate several parties easily and comfortably. 
The menu had a variety of items that could satisfy different taste. Those with health issues, everything is clearly labeled especially if you have any type of allergies. As I  looked over the menu I kept coming across what I thought I would order but the more I read the more my mind changed. Then comes my server who goes over the specials and that just clears the board all over again. I went with the special duck and waffles similar to chicken and waffles but not really! Everything tasted delicious it was a beautiful presentation, ample portions and the right price. I also had a fragrant and lovely loose tea, lemon and lavender it was absolutely delicious. The duck was cooked perfectly not st all greasy and it was thoroughly cooked but still moist. I was served a firm but not over cooked waffle with 3 different delicious jams surrounding the plate along with two nice thick slices of bacon. To top off everything a wonderful maple syrup that had a hint of vanilla. My server was attentive without the overly aggressive. I really enjoyed the atmosphere during my experience. I'm making another reservation after I finish this review. See you there!The entree was terrible! The Rosemary Chicken was covered in thick, greasy skin and cut very poorly, making it extremely difficult to get the meat off the bone. The garlic mashed potatoes were overpowering with garlic (I had to swish water and wine around my mouth several times to get rid of the dominating garlic). 
The ambiance and the BYOB aspect are the only reason it gets 2 stars. If they get a new chef, I may re-visit and re-rate them.I came for brunch and ordered the blueberry pancakes. Service was great, the manager brought us a complimentary chicken and waffles, which if you've never liked, you MUST try this one. It takes the dish the next level with a firm crispy chicken skin, well marinated spiced chicken, the waffle tastes great alone, you'll forget there's syrup! Don't ask for tobasco a sauce, try their delicious homemade hot sauce!I want so badly for Aksum to be the high end BYO on the Baltimore corridor.  I keep going back hoping that this meal will be better than the last, but it keeps disappointing.  The last time I was there I ordered the Honey Glazed Salmon with Mashed Potatoes and Haricots Verts.  No where in the menu did it say this would be a spicy meal but it was one of the spiciest meals I've had since eating in Hunan, China.  I am a lover of spicy food, but this had no flavor.  I heard other people complain about the dish as well.
So here is my open letter to Aksum, please upgrade your chef staff.  This business will not last long if your food is more expensive than all the other restaurants in the area but not as good.  The food at Vietnam, Ventienne, Grilled Fish, Dock St., Desi Village, and Dahlak are so much better.  
This is the first review I've ever written for Yelp despite having used it as my bible for restaurants for so long.  I care a great deal about my neighborhood and had the highest hopes for this business when it opened.  Aksum needs an overhaul if it expects to compete with all the great food options we have in West Philly.The food here was delicious! I had the Lebanese chicken and shrimp and it was in heaven. The service was great too. I loved the outdoor option as well. I can't say negatives. Will definitely go back!I came on a week night around 5:45 pm with a celebratory dinner with a friend, it wasn't until later that a large party came so we kind of had the whole restaurant to ourselves! After we ordered, they served us with these chip strip things (I'm terrible at describing) that were in champaign flutes. While it came with some olive oil and herb dipping, I wasn't impressed with that and preferred dipping this in hummus.
Here's what the two of us shared:
* Med East Platter ($11): Roasted garlic hummus, lentil mustard salad, stuffed grape leaves and tzatziki. I loved every single thing on this platter, but the hummus was so good and I dipped the pita and the chip strip things I mentioned before in this. Pretty much cleaned every bit off the plate!
* Moroccan Braised Lamb Shank ($19) with Basmati rice and garlic sautéed green beans: The meat fell off the bone really easily and was so rich in flavor, but I'm a little weak when it comes to spicy food so I found myself sweating a lot haha...but it was a good kind of kick!
* Fig Crème Brulee ($8) with fresh strawberries and blueberries: Honestly we were not even hungry but it was a special occasion so we indulged, and I'm so glad we did! It was a generous portion of creme brulee and I loved cracking the top layer, the fig and fruits were such a nice touch to it too.
We were seated near the open window and while it looked nice, the flies on the hot day bugged the crap out of me. I was also contemplating changing tables because the table was wobbly and they were using wine corks to try to offset it, but it still bothered me. I can overlook that because the food was great. I also hear wonderful things about the brunch menu so I'm coming back on a weekend to experience that!Aksum I love you dear! I got the shrimp and grits, potatoes with pita bread and a side of eggs. These are not your quick grits they were seasoned to perfection and hefty. I have been dreaming about them since I left. The day we went it was a nice day so the windows were wide open and it was Beautiful. The food did take a while, but the wait staff was apologetic and the food was worth the wait. On street parking, cozy space, reservation recommended!!Definitely a fan! There are a few kinks to still work out before it can be a perfect five stars, but I'm sure we'll get there. It's a BYOB(s), so the hubs and I got two Cabernets for dinner.  
We got off to a bad start since we were waiting for another couple at the bar for about 20 minutes. We were looking at the menu (and the hookah menu!), but we were surprised no one asked if we wanted water. We finally got the water just as the other couple came in. Really? We waited even longer for a table in the back. We were thinking that maybe we can just sit at the bar, but we really wanted to sit at a table. I was so hungry! Luckily, as soon as a table opened up, their hummus followed. And kept coming. They apologized for the wait, and we definitely appreciated it! That hummus was TDF (To-die-for), especially when it was paired with warm pita bread. Their ignorance from earlier was redeemed! (I'll blame it on a Friday night).
Other things that annoyed me were the paper napkins and the bright cafeteria ambiance. Seriously, let's keep it classy. Add some cloth napkins and some sexy dim lights, and I will give you that extra star! Also of note, none of the candles on the tables were lit. Sigh. 
So, our food finally arrives. The presentation was absolutely perfect. I got the rosemary chicken, the hubs got the lamb chops, and the other couple got the mahi mahi and the lamb shanks. This is where Aksum gets its four stars! Amazing food that we could not stop talking about! Add in the moderate prices ($70 for 4, not incl. tip) and our server, Maggie, and we were golden and satisfied.
Can't wait to try more of their menu items and their hookah! Prices were $15-$20 depending on the brand.This place is just lovely. I started coming about 2 years ago for dinner with a guy I was dating and it became our staple. Especially when the weather is nice, they open the big front windows so it's basically open-air dining, although (I think) they offer actual outdoor seating as well. Friendly staff - back when I was a regular, they always recognized my partner and I. I haven't been in a while, but the menu is a little small, although it offers vegan, gluten free (celiac here!), and vegetarian options. They're knowledgeable about these things and I've never once been ill after eating a gluten free dish here! The food is delicious, their salmon is wonderful and I loved their mashed potatoes. The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because 1) it's small and can become packed and loud very quickly, and 2) it's BYOB, which some people see as a positive but sometimes I just want a nice cocktail with my meal. Otherwise, great service, food, and atmosphere!
Also, one time on a particularly slow night, we sent our regards to the chef and he sent us out complimentary ice cream with fresh fruit/berries and caramel sauce. A small gesture, but memorable and made us want to go back every weekend.4-stars. 
This was my second time at Askum. My first visit was exceptional! Service was good, great quality food.. Overall an amazing experience. 
Location: It is situated on Baltimore Ave. in West Philadelphia. This area is known to have great restaurants. Parking can be a problem depending on the time you visit, but it's never impossible to find something within a few blocks. 
Setting/ Decor: It is a pretty small restaurant which means there is usually a wait. Beautifully decorated and has an intimate feel to it. During warmer days they open up their windows. This not only allows for more sunlight, but gives you an indoor patio vibe. 
Food & Service: Service is decent. Food is usually a hit (So I've been told and it was during my first visit). However, today I was not impressed. I was craving Chicken and Waffles so decided to give Askum a second visit since they are known for this. The food tasted great, but the experience did not compare to the first time. It was just something off about the chicken and the waffles seemed a little cold. I still enjoyed majority of my meal. 
Would recommend for a brunch party and or a romantic date. I haven't been here for dinner. This review is strictly in reference to their brunch.Poor service, decent food.  Long waits.  I wouldn't recommend it to folks visiting Philly.Random discovery--glad we stumbled on this place. Service was a tad slow (they're still figuring things out--only opened a short while ago), but wait staff is caring and attentive. Problem seems to be in the kitchen.
Dishes were fresh (great hummus--prepared on site) and attractively served. 
I'm curious to come back in a month or so. I bet they're here to stay.
Bravo, Aksum.What a great little spot!! Awesome service, food was so good!! So much favor! Definitely would go back and recommend to check this place out! I just wished I lived closer to go more often!!Really nice brunch spot. I'm glad that I found this hidden gem. The food (I had the chicken and waffles) and service were great.Brunch was average.  I got the green eggs and ham, which was good but nothing special.First time visiting Philly and my GF picked this spot out in advance, as one of the places we'd go to for dinner. We were NOT disappointed! 
Let me first start off by saying the employee who worked there did an amazing job. She was the hostess and server and answered the phone whenever it rang. All while maintaining about 7 tables at once. Very polite. Soft spoke. And patient. Kudos to her. 
We started off with the spiced crab bisque. This soup was amazing, but emphasis on the "spiced" because it damn sure is a kicker!! Our nose were burning and so were our mouths. But not enough for us to stop eating it. 
For the main course, I had the Lebanese chicken and shrimp with artichoke. And my GF had the lamb chops. Both were served with asparagus and killer mashed potatoes .  Both dishes were served hot and fresh and well seasoned. Of course she couldn't keep her fork out of my dish  happens every time we eat . The lamb chops were tender and cooked to perfection. 
This would definitely be a places we'd dine at again. 
Oh, and it's BYOB. Which is even better!I've been to Aksum for both brunch and dinner, and either way, it's good.  I must say, I'm a bigger fan of their brunch.  The Creme Brûlée french toast is absolutely delicious and not too filling.  I tried some of the cinnamon pancakes as well, and while they were good, I don't think I like them enough to order them myself.  For dinner, I've gotten the grilled chicken wrap and I think that it's filling enough for dinner even though they don't consider it an entree.  
Some problems I have with Aksum:
They market themselves as though they are some high-end, expensive restaurant, even though they're not.  For University City Dining Days, their 3-course menu was $35 - way more than I would ever spend there on a regular day.
Also, when my friends and I made a reservation for 10 people, they said that there was a $20 minimum each person had to spend.  Considering what I usually order, that would mean I would need to buy an appetizer, drink, and and *my entree* in order to meet that quota.  Personally, I'm full just from the wrap, so I thought that needing to buy more food was ridiculous. I can understand a requirement where everyone has to order a meal or entree, but a $20 minimum at a place where my meals are usually $15 including tax and tip makes it really unappealing for college student groups.  Although their food is great, we chose another place that night.
Overall: Delicious brunch, great dinner BYOB spot, not so great for large groups if you're trying to eat on the cheap.* Dinner Review* Byob no corkage fee is a plus!
Aksum has won my heart into a regular dinner rotation for date night for sure, and has made my top 5 list of favorite restaurants in West Philly ( Dock street, 48th street Grille, Bookers and Marigold) being my others.
Service was great -- I didn't catch her name but she was friendly, funny -- very personable and has a lovely bubbly personality and smile, which goes a long way in the service industry. She also knew the menu very well and gave great recommendations as it was our first time dining here. 
Price/value/food also great -- for a dinner for 2 with an appetizer, two entrees and one dessert to share it came to $54 pre-tip which I consider very fair, especially since it's BYOB it totally elevates the experience being able to drink a bottle of wine with your dinner. 
We started with the hummus, appetizer priced at $6 and it was delicious we gobbled it all up, presentation was quite nice as well ( see pictures). I was a fan of my entree, pretty fair price for both my sea bass and his shrimp at $19 a piece and the portions were good enough to fill us. One thing to note is that this is pan fried mediterranean sea bass -- so do not expect that buttery often miso glazed Chilean sea Bass, they're different. It was fried well, crispy skin and flakey fish. The fish and rice were a little lacking seasoning/ salt, but overall I still liked it a lot and it tasted healthier so I have no complaints on that front. We ended our date night with the oreo beignets which were delicious, pretty much fried oreos with ice cream, what can go wrong? Nothing I tell you, nothing ( except diabetes..) but it was delicious! 
Had a wonderful date night, I will be back to try that shrimp + chicken or that honey glazed salmon asap! So excited to have a new favorite in the neighborhood.I have been to Aksum multiple times, both for brunch and dinner. I've also taken advantage of the fact that they do have Hookahs as well. 
Brunch - I think the brunch here is far better than the dinner. It's a nice atmosphere, and there are plenty of options for different tastes at decent prices. I have gotten the Green Eggs & Ham (Pesto fried egg with ham and Pita bread with tomatoes and cream cheese), and the fig crepes (which I don't think are on the menu anymore). They were both delicious and I'm excited to try some of the other things as well. The sangria iced tea (non-alcoholic) was also really good!
Dinner - For dinner, I've tried the honey-glazed salmon as well as the orzo. I really enjoyed the salmon - it was really tender and the honey was a good combination. I didn't enjoy the Orzo as much, it was rather bland and wasn't something I wanted to try again. I also think the Orzo is one of the only vegetarian options for dinner, so if you're vegetarian, keep that in mind! 
All in all, I'd recommend Aksum for brunch, and dinner too, but definitely a bigger fan of the brunch. Also, I think they've raised their prices a bit - this used to be one of the best deals for good food but now is a little more expensive.TL;DR:  I gave Aksum a 3 because it took forever to get the check and I didn't like my entree very much.  BUT, my fellow diner's entree was completely awesome, and our appetizer ruled. 
FIrst off, get the hummus, which is like silk, with a beautiful garlic taste.
My meal (the shrimp pil pil) was really bland and the rice was wet, flavorless and overly starchy.  Her meal, on the other hand, was the braised lamb shank drowned in a light, savory olive oil with tiny little potatoes of both white and blue persuasion.   We attacked that thing and it was delicious and big enough to split (side note: on a later visit, we got the same thing and the portion seemed about half the size...bummer).  
Desert: we got the fried oreos.  Nicely done, and the savory batter was balanced with mixed berries to add some sweet-tartness.
They've got a really nice way of signing the check, which is an iPad app that calculates tip at 15, 20 and 25%, but I wonder if that tech also slowed down our server.  We waited for a really long time to get the check, and I hate the feeling of longing to leave a place but being held captive by financial responsibilities.Great place for a date night! Relaxed vibes, good atmosphere, and classy. Fun byo with great food! The salmon was a little salty but overall tasty!Came here for sunday brunch. Wait was long for a table for 2. We enjoyed our meal and drinks but it was nothing spectacular. Probably won't be coming back because of difficulty with parking.I had the chicken and waffles dish with a side of potatoes. Great portions. I was full. 10/10!This is a 3.5 star rating, mostly for the atmosphere and the variety of food. 
A group of 10 of us came on a reservation on a Sunday morning, having found no other place that would take reservations. It turned out that we made a mistake in the reservation, but the staff was extremely flexible and accommodating in making room for us anyway. 
The menu is long and extensive, with many vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. I was excited to see all the "interesting" (ie not American..) brunch options, such as Moroccan eggs, Turkish eggs, etc, as I was glad to go out of the typical comfort zone. 
I also absolutely loved the atmosphere--everything feels clean, crisp, and comfortable (for brunch time, at least). Nothing was hurried, and everyone had a good time catching up and being excited over the menu.
I ordered a smoked salmon omelet, as a huge salmon lover, and friends around me all ordered different dishes. I was highly disappointed at the size and quality of the omelet, as it tasted good enough but seemed like something I could create myself in my own kitchen. There was only a tiny bit of potatoes too :( I also tried a bite of my friend's french toast, which wasn't too sweet but still a little bland and tasted like sugared bread. Portions, overall, were disappointing. 
However, high ratings because of how conveniently they take reservations, the kind service, and interesting food options.AMAZING AMAZING BRUNCH!!! 
I shared the French Toast and Moroccan chicken and Waffles with my friend and it was AMAZING! 
The French toast was lightly crispy and fluffy with cream, turkey sausage and fruit. I couldn't stop eating! 
The Morrocan chicken was savory and crispy, breaded with deliciousness...one of the best fried chicken I have had. There was some hot sauce on the side and it was perfectly hot. The waffles were fluffy and when topped with the maple syrup tastes like heaven. 
To make things even better, brunch was a whopping $15!!! 
Hands down, an awesome spot in West Philly.My sister and I went here for BYOB brunch on a very chilly Sunday in January.  The ambiance was small, cozy (though bordering on cramped), and casual.  Definitely a difficult space in which to control the cold drafts during the winter.  The service was friendly and prompt.  Brunch menu has the same appetizers and tapas dishes as their normal menu, with a good variety of classical brunch entrees with a Mediterranean twist (like french toast and omelette), as well as a few specifically Mediterranean dishes like shakshuka.
Our appetizers were the spicy crab bisque and the crispy Brussels sprouts.  Our entrees were the Moroccan eggs and the Moroccan chicken and waffles.
The spicy crab bisque was surprisingly yellow (probably from cumin) and had a nice flavor and just the right amount of spice.  Served with a few fresh warm pita triangles.  4/5
The crispy Brussels sprouts were our favorite part of the meal!  Generous portion, perfectly crisped sprouts with a delicious, complex combination of fig jam, fresh bacon bits, goat cheese, and candied walnuts.  Great combination of savory and sweet.  5/5, will definitely come back just for this dish!
The Moroccan eggs were the least impressive dish of the meal.  Three eggs cooked over easy sprinkled with some spice, served with some slightly dry/crumbly spiced ground beef, and fairly run-of-the-mill potatoes.  Compared to the other dishes, was definitely a not a stand-out.  2.5/5
Lastly, we enjoyed the Moroccan chicken and waffles.  These were very attractively presented on a wooden slab, and included one full Belgian waffle broken up into its four squares, served with 3 pieces of very crispy boneless chicken with a sweet/savory/slightly spicy glaze.  Served with maple syrup and some chili sauce on the side.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the glaze was delicious.  Definitely recommend this entree (which the waitress said was their most popular).  4.5/5
Overall an enjoyable meal and we will definitely come back to try more of the dishes.I loved my sangria iced tea but was a little underwhelmed by my Monte Cristo. For one thing, it and the potatoes I got as a side were just warm, neither was as hot as I would have liked. Considering I was starving, I let that slide. The potatoes themselves were nothing really special.
Our waitress was nice. She was new and let us know that. I think she did a decent job, considering that fact. An order appeared to have been missed but she was quick on realizing that and came back not much later with a hot breakfast for my friend. I would give this place a second chance to give a fair judgement.This place is pretty pricey for the experience I had. First, it's seriously understaffed. Thursday night the place was packed for dinner and they only had two servers. This caused our server to forget about us. I had to end up getting my own fork cause she was taking so long. Secondly, my meal sucked. I ordered the Greek lamb chops and it was incredibly fatty. I ended up having to cut away most of it leaving me not much to eat. The potatoes were the only decent part of this whole experience.This is such a welcome addition to Baltimore Street!!! I've had the pleasure of coming across this place while walking around the neighborhood yesterday with my girlfriend. We had eggplant salad as an appetizer and I had amazing lamb chops while my girlfriend went for the mahi mahi. We were both really impressed with both the food and service. Next time I'll make sure to bring a bottle of wine with me to make it all perfect.
It deserves the 5-stars because of the amazing service! It's nice to see so many smiling faces.Great restaurant, good wait staff, ambience is nice and very inviting. As for the food I think the 4-5 stars speak for themselves. Awesome work Aksum, will see you again for brunch!! The lentil soup was great and the jumbo shrimp pil pil was awesome :-)
Joshua