The shame of it is, prior to their takeover by Urban Outfitters, this was one of the best places in the area. The food was amazing, drinks great, awesome atmosphere. Still a good drink place, but the food is horrible. 
As many have said on here, the wings are so-so. I've ordered them a few times and each time have gotten them in different states. None amazing, some average, and some underdone. 
The Mac and cheese was so-so and had fallen into the vain of way to many other ingredients than just mac and cheese. 
One of their amazing stapes used to be their honey glazed fried chicken. In the take over that was taken off the menu. Recently, fried chicken was added back on, but it was dry, not good, and something I'll steer clear from.
And the pasta, don't, just don't. 
As a place to go out to start the night for drinks. Perfect (thus the three stars). To hang out at, play pool, or just chill, it's still a good vibe to hang out at. But to go for dinner, way too many better options a stones throw away.
Originally I thought I was being overly critical when the change over happened because they changed the menu completely and even changed the format of the menu to something that was horribly confusing and tough to read. A few months later, they changed the menu back to the original format, and changed it up a tad bit. I get them going away from the high end gastropub vibe under the Vetri brand, but, even if you want to go in a different direction, see the quality of what your competitors are bringing to the table. Other gastropubs that don't have the amazing space you offer, the potential you bring. When the food was better, you couldn't keep me out of there, now, I try the food a few months hoping to get a semblance of what you brought to the table before. It's a great place with great potential still. Just get the food back to where it was. Please....We were a party of ten, which in my experience can mean the service is disjointed, not at Alla Spina, the service was excellent. Advise about ordering was very good and we were happy with the variety of small plates and entrees. The noise was a bit much, especially as it was self inflicted with music. We look forward to returning.as with Osteria,it didn't really work for me...Noisy room -OK, it's a brew pub-with strange,unappealing menu.Don't come here unless you really love meat.Everything I tried was over-salted...did I mention that a casual dinner for four ran well over $200-?I have been here a few times for just drinks.  Bartenders are always very friendly.  I recently attended the New Years Eve party.  They did a wonderful job.  It was a great crowd of people.  The food was amazing!  Everything was well hosted and organized.  I loved that Marc Vetri was there as well.  Best of all, right before midnight, I said to my friends, "It would be awesome if they brought out pizza right after midnight."  AND THEY DID!!  Happy new year to me!!  Thank you for a wonderful experience.  Happy 2016!!I really liked the atmosphere at Alla Spina but we might have been here on an off night and found the food to be a bit too salty.  The soft serve ice cream was delicious.
I'd try it again but would prefer return trips to Amis.Like the concept, like that it's filling North Broad with some life, like the food, and like the place.  I came in for a quick two beers and sandwich after being on the road for a bit, so was pretty tired and not in full review mode.  But everything seemed great, for just having opened.  Not the fairest of review, as I was still recovering from a head cold, so I couldn't taste all that much.  I'm not a mayonnaise fan, so if you aren't either, I'd tell them to hold the mayo on the veal Milanese hoagie.  Other than that, all decent stuff!  I'll definitely be back to give a more thorough review.The food here is delicious, and the decor is great. The craft beer selection is enough to please my boyfriend who is a definite beer snob and I enjoy the cocktails very much. The issues I have are portion size and pricing. The prices are outrageous considering how little food you get. To really fill up, you need to order at least two entrees per person, but the tiny little "entrees" are the price of what would be a full portion at other restaurants. We walked out having paid over $70 for dinner for two and were still hungry when we got home (granted, we each had one drink). I don't think I'll be back unless it is for happy hour.I've been waiting for the right moment to visit this place and it finally happened. What a GREAT spot! The menu is a welcome change for the whole "small plate" movement that's sweeping Philly. Favorites were- The Beer Cheese toast with Fried Egg & Bacon, Cucumber/Pepporcino salad, and the Potin (sp?) with Guinea Hen Ragu was freaking AMAZING!!! Was let down by the Veal Breast Milanese hoagie, it seemed to have been WANTING to be a really good Chicken Cutlet hoagie, but it was just wasn't happening. (Nothing beats a KILLER chicken cutlet). The Mortadella hot was surrounded by a claim of "It will be the BEST HOT DOG YOU EVER ATE" - sorry, but it's not. While the dog had a velvety, smooth taste, the condiments didn't "pop" like I expected. The beer list is very impressive and entirely over priced for the small pour. 
 Do NOT skip desert - The Choco Taco will BLOW YOUR MIND!!! The atmosphere is very cool, informal but not too informal. Our waitress (forget her name) was EXCELLENT!! I'll definitely be back to run through the rest of this very cool menu!Best bartender ever. He ran a block and a half after us to return a forgotten cell phone.I wen here for dinner with my husband. The beer selection was outstanding.  The food was also generally good.  Service was slow and just ok.  I will definitely return.If you are into shell fish order the prawns. Also the pretzel bread thing was pretty good.Live nearby and popped over for New Year's Day brunch. Needed a reservation but we called at 11:30am and got one for 12:15pm. Service was great, good ambiance, not insanely crowded.
Bloody Marys were very good: had a little kick but not too spicy, celery, lemon/lime, olives. I got the Testina Hash Poutine and it was great! Fries and mozz curds topped with two perfect sunny-side up eggs and soft, delicious pork. Perfect portion size too. Roomie got Polentu, which she's ordered a few times before with no complaints.
Prices are a little high for this to become a regular brunch spot (bloodys were $9, meals were $14-15) but you do pay for spectacular quality. Nice spot to come for special brunch occasions.Came here for happy hour on a weeknight.
Had $1 oysters/$1 chicken nuggets/pickled fried cauliflower-oysters were so fresh and tasty we ordered 2 more!
Cocktails were on point as well.
Service was friendly and timely.
Definitely coming back.I've been here a few times, and it's consistently decent. 
The service is always friendly- from hostesses to waiters, I've never had any issues. 
The atmosphere is on the hip side - it's in a big warehouse-style space. While it's cool, it's always pretty loud. Between the music and people in the space, it can be difficult to hear. 
They have an extensive drink menu and a lot of good beer (there's even a reserve menu). Mixed drink prices are around $11 or so. 
As far as the food goes, I've tried probably half the menu. 
The fried pickled cauliflower - tasty. Would recommend, and it's cheap during happy hour (until 6:30 pm). 
The pig tails and rib tips- meh. For $10, it's a small amount of meat, not worth it. Tastes okay- has a fruity accompaniment. 
The burgamo- pretty good, double party burger. 
The Reuben- underwhelming. Tends to be a messy, kind of sloppy take on a classic 
The pretzel bites - really yummy, only $3 with beer cheese during happy hour 
The bruschetta- tasty, but the bread to bruschetta ratio is off. It's a tiny amount of topping. 
As far as dessert, I've had their cannoli and their soft serve, both have been good.My husband was on the hunt for Italian food and somehow wanted to go here? I don't know about him sometimes. We took the kids here and I thought the restaurant looked very nice. Although the décor was nice, the lights were so dim! I don't know why these places keep it so dark during dinner. Little annoying. 
I was very underwhelmed by the menu. The burgers and sandwiches only came with a green salad or chips (bbq or salt/vingear). How odd! I asked for fries but had to buy them as a side instead. The four of us got some sandwiches, an order of fries, the pork ears, and polenta. My husband has a glass of wine and a beer. Total bill came out to just under $100. Talk about sticker shock. While my burger was delicious, I wouldn't come back due to how pricey it was. Maybe for happy hour but even the overall menu didn't interest me much.First off, the service here is impeccable. Came in for brunch a couple Sunday's ago (Mother's Day), and then again for a wedding this past Sunday. The food is amazing. Every time I come, no matter how full I am, the Choco taco is a MUST! It is a bit hard, but I wouldn't want ice cream to be "soft" per se. For brunch I ordered the carbonara burger and it was cooked perfectly (medium, which our server was sure to make us aware of). My friend had the avocado toast and she added egg to it. I was in awe. I stole the smallest bite and I could taste how fresh the avocado was. My mom had the pancakes because she's ordinary. Who knew plain pancakes could be so fluffy and full of perfection? And the donuts they give you with your water are mouthwatering. Our water glasses were always full. Always had a new drink, without having to ask for a refill. The hostess, I believe her name was Sharon?, was the sweetest thing. She got us a table outside right away even with the Mother's Day crowd and I made sure to compliment her outfit. Everyone, servers, workers, and even people dining, greeted us with a smile. Haven't felt a place as divine as this one in a while. Great job alla spina! We'll be back for sureCame here for happy hour with coworkers in November. Took advantage of the $2 draft beers and $3 pretzels. They have a solid beer menu and the pretzels were perfect for sharing. As for the rest of the menu, if you don't have an adventurous appetite, your options will definitely be limited. I was hungry and not in the mood to experiment with something new so I went halfsies on the beef tenderloin spiedini and maple glazed fried chicken. Both dishes were good, safe choices.What can I say? The Vetri Group nailed it. The ambiance was official. Not stuffy at all. There is graffiti on the walls and the beer selection was really good. I started with the homemade pretzels with the spicy beer cheese sauce on the side. The pretzels were really good. Fluffy and perfect mount of salt. The sauce was ridiculous. The spicy part was a little misleading as it wasn't spicy to me. Great flavor though. My girl had Prosciutto Cotto with poached pears and walnut pesto. It had great flavor and the cole slaw it came with was really good. That's coming from someone who doesn't eat cole slaw. For dinner I had the North Philly Sausage Cheesesteak. I crushed that sandwich. The sausage was chopped up and they put the same cheese sauce for the homemade pretzel on the hoagie. It had fried onions and it came on a homemade pretzel bread. Ridiculous. My girl had the pork cheek gnocchi which also was really good. The food overall was perfect. My girl had wine also but I am not a wine guy so I have no idea what she drank.We came for the marathon weekend and made reservations. The hostess was gracious and prompt, the beer and food delicious (Mac and Cheese A++). The general manager Ryan visited our table with genuine conversation and thank you. Fantastic experience!Ive been back for a really good meal.  I learned not to bring non-meat eating friends and the dishes I shared on my return were really good.  I had a chance to sit outside on a nice summer night and enjoyed that a lot more than the graffiti bar decor inside.I've never wrote a review before, but felt it was necessary for this restaurant.  We will NOT return....sub par food and costly for what you get.  We visited Alla Spina on the Friday of opening week.
My boyfriend and I are HUGE fans of Marc Vetri restaurants (Vetri, Amis) and thought the concept of an Italian gastropub was incredible.  While the concept is still incredible, the food is very lack luster.  We were not going there looking for food like Vetri or Amis, but expected better food than what was served....
Our table had the following dishes:
House made pretzel with beer cheese
Veal riblets
Pig pot pie
Swordfish BLT
Mortadella hot dog
Italian lasagna
Oysters
Aside from the amazing oysters and the swordfish BLT, the rest of the dishes were absent of flavor (except for the flavor of salt).  I've had better beer cheese at a no-name hole-in-the-wall pub.  The veal riblets had NO meat on them.  We were literally trying to pick strands of meat off the fatty bones.  My guess is there was approximately 1 teaspoon full of meat on the bones of the $14 dish.  The pig pot pie crust was good, but the filling was destroyed by an excessive use of salt.  We took a few bites of the lasagna and then noticed the meat looked very undercooked; needless to say, both of us were sick last night.  
The Italian beer selection is great, but seems a bit pricey when a 12 oz beer costs $10-14 on average. I would suggest having some kind of beer specials to help draw more people in, because I can tell you the food will not.   Our tab was $200+ and I still left there hungry.  
Our party of 4 all agreed that we would not return for the food, but might consider going back for a drink.2.5/5 Overall, we enjoyed the Alla Spina semi-outdoor space and found it perfect for a summer evening. We arrived around 5 and the bartender was a bit flustered, although there weren't many people in the restaurant. He spoke harshly and loudly to the kitchen staff, which was off-putting. It was unprofessional for customers to witness such discontent among the staff. The oysters were good and affordable. We were a bit confused as to what was included in the happy hour drink menu and ended up selecting full-priced drinks. The $14 wine was a bit underwhelming, but the mixed drink was well-crafted, although too bitter for me. We might give it another try.Our group was in Philly for a bachelorette party! We wanted a private party room or area for our group of 13 and some place that was casual with comfort food. Eileen was the party planner for the restaurant and she was super helpful. She helped pick the menu prior to the meal and we were able to customize the apps, entrees, and dessert. We made it so the first hour was open bar with beer and wine. Price per person with tip and tax was $65/person.
Our reservation was at 8pm and the private area was upstairs above the rest of the restaurant. Our waiter was Dominick and he was super attentive. He took our drink order and then started serving our meal. We had mini pretzels with cheese sauce, French fries and chicken tenders for an app. It was all served family style however there was enough for everyone to have more than one of everything. The pretzels were good however were not served with enough cheese sauce. We also wish there were more chicken tenders, but again we realize this was the app. For entree we had mini sliders, salad, Mac and cheese and chicken sandwiches. Dessert was the BEST with choco tacos and chocolate raviolis (which were filled with raspberry jam and served with cannoli dip). 
Overall, our meal was a success! The wait staff was amazing and the quantity of food was unreal. Dominick was awesome and boxed everything up so we could finish the rest after we returned from our drunk escapade. Being from NYC, I'm super critical and this place did a phenomenal job!On a Saturday Night this place is really hopping. I would suggest reservations.We arrived early on a Saturday and the bar was already filled to capacity, every table was filled. I noticed a lot of groups of seemingly single folks of both genders. I can surmise that this is a good place to meet potential mates. There was almost a singles bar vibe at the bar itself. The dinning area has a few large tables but mostly two seaters( this may have changed since I went in the summer)  so if there are large groups at the bar and smaller tables in the dinning area I can only assume people meet up and split into more intimate situations for dinner.
So, you fancy free kids, who are looking for a cool spot to meet someone new, this may be your spot.
None of this applies to me. I can say that I enjoyed all the foods i sampled. The fried chicken was up there with the best in the city. I liked the poutine a bunch but it is very salty. I suggest the peppered kale, especially with the poutine. they go together like, well... salt and pepper.
 I look forward to going back, maybe on a weeknight to see if there is a more chill vibe, cause on a Saturday night, " there ain't no stoppin the cretins from hoppin".Great food, excellent service and impeccable beer selection!
Fried pickled cauliflower, pig head bruschetta, crispy pig tails and shepherds pie were all excellent.I'm just ok with it.  I like the atmosphere and love the North Broad location. The prices are surprisingly reasonable and the beer selection is ample.  As for the food, it was ok.  The house made pickle was a stand out, as for the other options I sampled, I was underwhelmed.  The pretzel bites were good, but they are pretzel bites all the same.  The polenta balls were bland, the house chips were heavy and the veggie burger/pancake was overshadowed by the abundance of garnish.  
I'm just realizing now everything I had was vegetarian and I'm not a vegetarian.  Perhaps I'll revisit and focus my attention on the meat.  Expect a follow-up.Came here for dinner the night before the Philadelphia Marathon. We first tried Osteria down the street, but it was full and the hostess sent us to this sister restaurant. We could barely get the attention of our servers (different people took our orders, brought food, and got the check) and they were brusque and unfriendly. My dad got a tiny beef tenderloin salad drenched in oil ($19!) and my mom's pork chop was equally dripping with oil. Most of it was bone, definitely not worth $18. My $12 veggie burger was the best dish, but that's not rest saying much, as the patty just tasted like mashed beets. All in all, a very disappointing meal.This update is for last month's Iron Chef Throwback Thursday. The rigatoni with veal ragu and mustard greens was hands down the best thing I've ever had here! Makes sense since it was one of the dishes Vetri won Iron Chef with. Wish they had this more often and that I could've tried all three of the dishes.I've only been for happy hour, but I think it's great.  They have top notch beer for low notch prices.  It's 430-7pm, so you can really tie a load on, too.  We had the 1$ oysters, pretzel bites and hot dog.  Service was great, the bartender was super cool.  Nice to have a staff without the pretentious, Philly hipster attitude.  I don't need that shit, ever!  
I seriously can't think of any reason to NOT recommend this place for happy hour.Pretty good polenta and kale salad ! The mushroom and onion rings are to die ! Try this place out and is open late!!My boyfriend and I came her for dinner last week after hearing such great things about the restaurant. We can't disagree. Our food was delicious and the menu was great. Some of the appetizers were overpriced, but what do you expect in the city!Alla Spina is one of the top restaurants in Philadelphia.  The service, food, and ambiance are all top notch.  Don't hesitate to visit.Great vibe and music. Spectacular Pork---nose to tail, literally! Great and knowledgeable staff, The most affordable vetri establishment.I went here for Grand Opening and i recently went back about 5 months ago for the second time
both visits , i ordered the "swordfish "blt" with basil maionese and guanciale" because i'm in love with it lol 
the waitress i had was the same girl that took my orders on both visits, i forgot her name but she was very friendly and quick with my orders
my experience there was excellent and i would be coming back in the futureWe had the fried chicken and fish tacos- both awesome! The ambiance here is great, highly recommend.My boy and I went to the bar for happy hour two Fridays ago and had a fabulous time. I have tried oysters once or twice before and barely choked them down, but the oysters at Alla Spina were delicious.  With the accompanying sauces and the buck a shuck prices, I was in heaven.  We also got the lemon parmesan wings which were great; a unique, tangy, and tasty twist on traditional wings.  Finally, they gave us the pretzels and dip on the house (apparently my boyfriend knows everyone everywhere) and I couldn't keep my hands off those either.  Pair all of this with an awesome craft beer selection, and you're in HH heaven!  I definitely want to go back ASAP.Their happy hour is the best! Pig head bruschetta, oysters, pretzels, fries, and beer selection!!
For dinner, their fried chicken is good.
Service is always good- when pregnant they accommodated my dietary restrictions and now they accommodate the stroller i schlep in.Came here for dinner with family.  The menu is limited however the food was great. The pretzel goes great with your choices of beer.  I had the cheese steak which i enjoyed but the cheese was too salty for my taste. It must be the beer infused cheese.  I would recommand getting the pig head.  That dish is very unique and i don't see it being served anywhere.  If you are going to get the pig head make sure you call in advance because they will have have a couple for the weekend and it seems to go pretty fast. But of you let them know at the beginning of the week they will make sure you have it for your reservation.We were one of the first 10 tables of opening night. much anticipated, mainly because we are fans of Vetri's and had high expectations- but reasonable.  The menu is SO unique, that you can't find anything that you'd actually eat and stomach.  We ordered just about everything on the menu and sampled it all. Most of the food was greasy, heavy, and if it weren't for the sides (like the cheese for the pretzel bites) the food would be "meh".... I'd never say to my boyfriend, "Hey! Wanna go to Alla Spina for dinner??" My favs were (if I had to name a couple) Mortadello hotdog, tallegio grilled cheese, and stuffed pepper.  But again, there's a twist on every dish.  Underwhelmed with the food.
Positives: The staff and service are equal to Vetri's.. EXTREMELY accommodating and friendly and knowledgable!! The beer and cocktails are awesome! DEF a place I'd go for drinks. The atmosphere is awesome.
But, the food is a complete letdown and if I didn't already know, I'd have never believe Vetri was behind this place. Overall, check it out for the beer if nothing else.I really, really wanted to like this place, but I found everything extremely heavy without enough flavor to warrant the abuse on my body.  I was also disturbed by the ungrammatical (and sometimes misspelled) Italian that was used on the coasters, the servers shirts, and the menu -- it's like they stuck it in Google translate and said, "good enough!"
I was also annoyed by the envelopes our silverware came in - our server admitted that they are often used only once or twice: unnecessarily ungreen.  And then the napkins... They were dishrags (what my Sicilian grandmother would have called a "moppina") that, I hope, had been antiqued.  By the end of dinner, everyone had white fuzzies all over the place from the cheap napkins.
So, the food... one of my friends had the crudo di carne of the day, which was very good.  Someone else had the pretzel bites with beer-cheese, which was also good (but not a reason to go to a restaurant).  I had the "involtini del muratore" (which means "bricklayer's involtini" - literally, the food that belongs to the bricklayer and someone stole to put on my plate -- as opposed to "involtini AL muratore" - in the style of food a bricklayer might eat... but I digress).  This was recommended by the server, and consisted of cheese wrapped in mortadella, which was breaded and fried.  It wasn't greasy at all, which was great, but kind of just tasted like a mozzarella stick - I think another type of cheese would have made the flavor of the mortadella come out. 
I then had the "bolognese" poutine.  I have no idea what was supposed to be bolognese about it... it was just poutine - some French fries, nondescript gravy, and rubbery, flavorless mozzarella "curds."  On the top was a small amount of  ground meat, which was described as the incredibly pretentious sounding "guinea hen leg meat," but might as well have been ground pork.  Again, it was ok, but definitely not worth the calories.  
A fellow raved about the maple fried chicken, and my partner seemed to like his pork pot pie.  I tasted it, and it was ok, but I wouldn't want more than a bite.
Dessert was decent - I had what the menu called "fiordilatte" soft serve (instead of "fior di latte") "drowned" in a raspberry lambic.  Think an adult version of a root beer float.
All in all, I was underwhelmed and a little scared at how much weight I may have gained from dinner.  I'm not going to be rushing back to this place, but I won't avoid it, either.Been here three times now.  Love the pigs head, pretzels and cheese, and pork pot pie.  Fried chicken and banh mi are just okay.
This place has a great atmosphere, unique cocktails (I like the one with the lemon sherbet), and good service.  Last time we tried the homemade softserve - grape and fior di latte twist.  So delicious.  
As I'm writing this, I'm realizing I need to go back.  Soon.This is Marc Vetri's new restaurant for a younger, hipper crowd. When you walk in, the place has a modern feel to it, you can see a lot of metal decor with metal chairs. And I think the bright red and yellow colors are supposed to remind you of the happier days of Chuck E. Cheese. We walked in and there weren't many people eating there but as we dined, every table filled up. Our waittress was very helpful. She was very friendly and answered all of our questions knowledgeably.
We started off with the "schisola" polenta stuffed with taleggio cheese. Polenta is a type of cornmeal and lately, I've been seeing it used more and more as coating for deep fried foods. Taleggio is a mild Italian cheese which is good for Joe cuz he's not a big fan of stinky cheese like I am. Overall, this dish was a great starter. Joe and I were fighting over the last one. We decided to amicably split the last one.
Our next dish was potato gnocchi with gorgonzola fonduta.  I didn't expect any less than the quality gnocchi we got from Vetri! And the gorgonzola was perfect for me but a little too strong but Joe. The gnocchi was so soft and smooth and the gorgonzola had the perfect bite to it.
The special of the night was a roast pork. The meat was so juicy and tender. Joe was convinced that the marinade had asian influences aka soy sauce. We could barely lift our forks by the time we were done eating because we were so stuffed! The food tonight was amazing and we couldn't have done it without the waittress's great advice.Unfortunately I have to say it was just ok.  Thought there were some exciting dishes on the menu the only thing I loved were the appetizers we had.  The crudo was amazing.  The pasta wasn't very good.  In fact I couldn't even find the pasta in my pasta dish.  All cheese and sauce.  The milanese was less than I hoped for.  It has potential but it just didn't do it for me.  This is the first vetri restaurant that got 3 or less stars by me. :-(I came here with some of my family, to show them a bit of Philly, and I kind of wish I showed them somewhere else. I figured because it was so pricy, the food should be amazing, but everything we tried wasn't worth the money. We really liked their fries and that's pretty much it. We came on a Sunday afternoon, and was sad to find out that although it's supposed to be italian, that was all on their second menu, not available until 3. The reason why they deserve two stars is because of the service. The waiters were meh and it just took forever to get our food, even though we were just a party of four. Then when the food did come out, my frittata was not a part of the batch. About 20 mins later, my frittata plus a repeat of everyone else's meals came out because they messed up. So free food was nice, but I recommend just getting it right the first time.I was at Alla Spina for the FLX Wienery Pop Up during Philly Wine Week.  The event was awesome and the staff was great.  The restaurant was still really busy when I arrived around 10pm. 
We ordered half food off of the FLX menu and half off of Alla Spina's menu.  Everything was well executed and tasty.  The pretzel bites were are standout.  The beer list was really interesting and inventive.  It's tough to stand out with beer in Philly, but they did it!
The hospitality is what really brought it home.  Chef Julie and Beverage Director Steve Wildly were really great.  Both were very approachable.   It was clear that they have a passion for the business. 
Bravo.  I'll be back often.Dishes Sampled Include:
Sotto Aceit House Made Pickles - Peppers, Asparagus, Hearts of Palm
Oyster Mushrooms Trifolati
Housemade Pretzels with Spicy Beer Cheese
Schisola Polenta Stuffed with Taleggio Cheese
Testina Pig Sticks with Salsa Rossa
Poutine with Guinea Hen Leg Bolognese and Mozzarella Curd
Pork Rillette with Spring Onions and Rye Beer Bread
Pig Tails with Fennel Agrodolce
Crispy Sunchokes with Sea Salt
Mortadella hotdog with Spicy Pickles and Cabbage Relish with Vinegar Chips
Dark Chocolate Budino S'mores with Graham Cracker Cookie, Brulee Marshmallows
Donut Bread Pudding
Pistachio Meringata
La Colombe Coffee
Admittedly a fan of Marc Vetri and impressed by the food at all three of his previous restaurant there was little doubt I'd visit Alla Spina during my trip to Philadelphia for AACE 2012 and as it happened I actually visited twice - once after the Thrice show at the Electric Factory on 5/25 and once before dinner at Vetri's eponymous crown jewel on 5/26.  A large, open space with an industrial yet rustic aesthetic and a strong focus on snacks, bar food, and a bar program Alla Spina is without a doubt the most "casual" of the Vetri restaurants and yet the service, food, and overall experience remain distinct to the chef; a remarkable feat rarely accomplished to such high standards.  With Chef Vetri in the house both nights - sometimes cooking, sometimes chatting, and both times stopping by my table and those around me to chat the environment is energetic without being chaotic, the food "street" without being "grubby," and the service - both nights from a young lady named Allison - outstripping far longer established restaurants.  
From happy hour to after hours and from pickles to pork and even dessert my sampling of the menu during the two visits (one with a friend) ranged a number of items and save for some slightly greasy sunchokes and a bread pudding that would have been better with something to balance its intense sweetness every dish was excellent - particularly the well balanced poutine, Vetri Restaurant quality polenta, and showstopping meringata; one of the lightest and most flavorful desserts I tasted in 2012.Excellent beer list, especially some hard to find Italian beers. Had the pretzel bites with beer cheese......OMG!! Amazing is all I have to say.Rly disappointing... Pork rillette was my fav thing. Prawns weren't bad but i wouldnt get them again. Fries were good... Pretzels were ok... 
Watercress & asparagus salad was a total waste of money. 
The chocolate-covered bacon sundae that sounds phenomenal was the most disappointing dessert i've ever had... The soft serve tasted like nothing, pretzels tasted like croutons, choc. covered bacon was chewy instead of crispy... But the pistachio meringata was good. :/ 
Our desserts took just under 20 minutes & we received a half-ass apology from our server... Who was honestly the worst one I've ever had... I mean unforgivably bad. I've never seen anyone show how much they don't care.
On the way out I noticed there were about 12 tables so they werent slammed or anything. 
I wouldnt go back.
I wish there was a "nothing" check-box where it says "Good For:" in the additional tips on this business.A good mix of craft beer, fancy pub fare, affordability, and atmosphere. I bring visitors here when I want to share a few interesting beers, throw back a few appetizers, people watch, and have a well-prepared but not overly lavish meal for under $100.
Service is generally great, the crowd is a pleasant mix of young and old, and it isn't difficult to get a table.What are you looking for? The next local gastropub with shiny counters and slightly off taste cuisine, or something comparable to local favorites such as St. Stevens Green, the Green Room, and the Belgian. If your answer is the former I would say you came to a great spot. However, if your answer is the later, Id recommend staying back and returning to your local favorites.
Pros: great ambience, draft list, and oysters. Oh and the bathrooms!
Cons: impersonal staff, wait time, tiny glasses.Checked out Alla Spina with a bunch of friends Friday night. We had the best table in the house: it was on the second floor and overlooked the dining room! As one of my dining companions commented, "This does not feel like Philadelphia." And it certainly didn't. The lay-out of the restaurant is very open, very hip and very approachable. It was hopping on a rainy Friday, which I think says a lot. Most city-dwellers would need to take a cab to Alla Spina, but by the packed tables and bars, they clearly think it is worth it.
The menu was written by a man, for a man with a lot of meat, fried foods and cheese. That said, the girls at the table did not go hungry. Our table tried many different appetizers and a few entrees. Highlights included the grilled cheese, the prosciutto, the crispelle, the lasagna, the soft pretzels and the pot pie. The boys seemed to love the pig tail, the oysters and the fried chicken. 
Our server was really great, making sure that the 30-week preggo lady (me) had a constant supply of cranberry and seltzer and also checked on us constantly. You can also send the kitchen a six pack of beer for 10 dollars, which we did, and he let me ring the bell to signal this.
I think the ambience of Alla Spina is pretty great. If I go back, I am going to get a grilled cheese and not share.Alla Spina is a nice pork focused restaurant on North Broad.  The room is very nice although some of the tables can be right on top of each other.  The room is also pretty loud, so I wouldn't go here if you're looking for an intimate occasion.
Overall the food was solid, but it didn't blow me.  They had a decent drink list as well.  Parking can be a little tough in this area.I want this place to be great. I live down the street, they have great beer (most of the time), pool table, nice outdoor section, and a friendly staff.... Unfortunately, they seem to let you down every time. They haven't seemed to figure out a dish that makes you want to go there (except for their biscuit!). A whole lot of okay food (under cooked wings, undercooked fried chicken, salty everything... come on, just be better) but when I want to grab drinks with a friend, it comes down to, "Alla Spina?"... "No, I'm hungry- let's go somewhere else". 
2 stars are for the beer and the other goes to the staff.Choco-f#%king-taco, smoked duck Reuben, and get two orders of the sauerkraut fritters. Yum.Have been wanting to come here for a while since it's been on Philly's top 50 restaurants, and ended up here on a whim. Came with a party of 14 with no reservation, but they were still very accommodating. 
Here, they take your basic items, like reuben or cheesesteak, and put a nice twist on it. The reuben is made with duck, and the cheesesteak is made with pretzel instead of regular bread. I got their maple glaze fried chicken, which was probably the crispiest fried chicken I've ever had, even with the glaze. 
However, with the nice twist that sets these items apart comes the higher price tag. Sandwiches, which come with chips, ends up around ~$20 with tip and tax. However, they DO have happy hour, which I plan on returning then!I really enjoyed most aspects of my first Alla Spina experience. Dining partner and I came here on a Sunday around 6:30pm. We were moderately hungry and decided to split several small plates which included the pretzel bites with beer cheese; street corn with bbq maionese, Parmesan and parsley; crab and horseradish deviled eggs; and the baked Parmesan oysters. I've never had oysters prior to this but they looked so good I had to try them. I was not disappointed and I can't believe I've been missing out all these years. The deviled eggs again (like Percy Street BBQ) came out in 3 halves. It took two whole eggs to make three halves, where is the other half and why can't I eat it? I don't even remember how they tasted, because I was so perplexed at the serving portion. I ended up wiping a lot of the Parmesan off the street corn because it was a bit overpowering. The pretzels and cheese were good. For dessert we had the homemade choco taco and donut bread pudding, both good. Our server was very attentive in clearing plates as we finished each dish and refilling our drinks. While nothing other than the oysters really stood out, there are several other apps and entrees I'd like to try on the menu, so I'll be back!Round 2 at Alla Spina didn't impress quite as much as brunch did, but still offered unique, tasty animal-centric fare that can't really be found elsewhere. Service, as always, was excellent; our waitress was helpful and cool with letting us order at our leisure. The biggest miss of the evening unfortunately was the first dish that came out, the rabbit terrine. Though playfully served alongside some pickled carrots (wink), it lacked a distinctive taste and the portion was scant.
Things got better quickly though, all the plates thereafter ranged from decent to awesome. The hits included pillowy, creamy gnocchi delicately seared and served with corn (the best I've had) and shatteringly crisp, juicy fried chicken with a perfectly sweet maple glaze. The good but not excellent dishes comprised fried pig tails (tangy-sweet fennel agrodolce to cut the richness but difficult to eat) and poutine (pleasantly gamey guinea hen bolognese unfortunately paired with insipid curds and slightly limp fries).
The dinner crowd here is crazy loud, which restricted conversation somewhat. The unique cocktails are worth a try (especially the disgusting-sounding but puzzlingly tasty beer shakes), but most of the food pairs best with beer. Alla Spina's dinner fare didn't satisfy me as much as their excellent brunch, but still filled us up nicely without excessive expense (we were stuffed and tipsy at $40 a head). It's thus a fairly good option for a beer-focused dinner or an excellent option for brunch (see my previous review).Went here on a bar crawl. The staff was visibly upset, wasn't warm, and we left before we even ordered a single drink. Our presence seemed like a general annoyance. Bummer!Very unique cool craft selection. Food was ok but took a while to be delivered with a not so busy Tuesday evening.How is this place still in business. First of all the service is abysmal. Our server had the memory of a gold fish and couldn't fulfill simple requests for water, extra syrup, etc. The service was slow, infrequent and had a complete disregard for hospitality. However, the service was exceptional compared to culinary disaster they call food. I order the steak and eggs. I received terrible quality meat that was burnt on the outside and rare on the inside. Egg? What egg? No egg was served only egg residue over swiss chard! The worst part was this was how this dish was suppose to be prepared. It was an insult and a travesty to serve this item. Our party of 5, every dish was sub par and was not cooked to order. Have it your way is not something this establishment understands. This is also insulting to our collective intelligence that the chef knows more about how the dish should be prepared than the customer. The only redeeming quality was the Doughnut Misto that while dry and meager, was tasteful. I would rather get punched in the face, have my wallet stolen and be sodomized than to step foot in this hipster cesspool again. Avoid!Alla Spina is a great introduction to the Vetri experience, without the high price tag.  The tonnato stuffed bell peppers are a great opening bite.  The smooth tuna filling is rich but gets offset by the roasted peppers slight bite of texture and sweetness.  Caper berries top each pepper to add a hint of saltiness.  I opted for the sandwich route, with the new sausage cheesesteak served on a pretzel roll.  The sandwich is extremely cheesy and quite delicious, if not just a tad greasy.  I also had the swordfish "blt" with basil and guanciale.  The fish had a nice firm texture, but did get slightly lost with the rest of the ingredients.  Overall it was a delicious sandwich, but i wouldn't have known it was swordfish without the menu.  Stick with the salt and vinegar chips, they're amazing.  Alla Spina offers beer flights as well (half pours of a number of beers) which allows you to sample a nice variety.  They seem to group them by region (east coast flight and west coast flight) for a reasonable price ($13). I didn't try and of the sweets, but a few came past while i was eating and they looked fantastic.  Reservations were at 7:30, and the restaurant wasn't quite full, so it looks like Alla Spina might still be a hidden gem.Stopped in to eat and drink at the bar with my wife.
Diverse and original beer selection at a range of prices. Found the lamb poutine to be as comforting as standard poutine and then one better with the pulled lamb in the gravy.
Enjoyed the donut bread pudding and our server was kind enough to bring us frozen yogurt on the house. 
I concede that by comparison the portions are smaller than average, but in a world where every dish is gargantuan this was a truly minor offense. I shared both of these dishes and left feeling perfectly satisfied. Would certainly come again.this place kicked ass. i dont know how someone can go to a restaurant on opening night and bash it, especially coming from this family of restaurants. There are not many places where you can sit 5 feet away from the people cooking your food, then tip them with a six pack and talk to them. It makes the experience more interesting, and personally i would rather tip my linecooks every time rather than my waitress.
I went last night with a buddy and we sat at the bar right by the kitchen. All the food was spot on, service was great, and the beer selection was very extensive and can satisfy anyone, from what i could tell.
We had the pretzel bites, the pickles (which were awesome), and the crudo di pesce, which was a mackerel with a lemon dressing that was sushi quality and fantastically fresh. The bone marrow was on point, although i would have liked some more crostini to slather my cow paste on!
For the main course, I had the mortadella dog, which was flavorful, the slaw/pickle situation was a good match, and the mustard was just what it needed. My friend had the veal hoagie, which he said was the best hoagie he ever had. We split the poutine, and you can never go wrong with poutine.
Just go here, get some beers, and share a bunch of small plates in the true italian style! Tip your chefs!
And they have MATCHBOOKS!!!!Burgers were underdone and not tasty. Service was excellent. Food unappealing.  Location convenient.  Lively atmosphere. Would not return for food.phila mag named this #1 gastro pub. no. sorry. this place doesn't even touch south philly tap room. it didn't even feel like a gastro pub. the staff was wearing alla spina shirts. that made it feel like a chain. the food was very good, but the variety wasn't that wide spread. fried chicken was very good, but they needed more not so unhealthy options. and no cider???!!!!!?? rare for philly. have at least one. i dont feel like i need to go back.Food was delicious ambiance was great.  I will definitely go back my only complaint is the wait staff was way to eager to clear out plates when there was still food on them.  My biggest pet peeve is when a server clears one diners plate while other guests are still eating.  During our second course we had 3 different people try to clear our plates.  That was very irritating.  And don't pick up the check until after the guests have left the table another no no.Love this restaurant.  I have visited this establishment twice.  I have only sat at the bar.   The bartenders are very attentive.  This restaurant specializes in using pork  in their menu.  I ordered the BLT Swordfish and is amazing.Their menu is loaded up with pork right now. Everything is meat. It's not vegan/vegetarian friendly. And it's cool if they don't want to be. Culinary wise, it's very ambitious... and unique from most Philly spots. 
They have a great beer list and a nice wine list too. 
The music was just really good, some early Weezer, Franz Ferdinand, etc.
I had the pickled veggies and it was just too sour. I'm a HUGE pickled fan but this was just raw vinegar. 
They had a very nice soft serve twist with blood orange! So gorgeous.
I wouldn't go back. If I did, only for drinks.I went to Alla Spina last night as I've recently moved in the neighborhood and wanted to try the newest Vetri spot. 
The beer selection is extensive and it made my beer-loving boyfriend happy, and both Spritz and Prosecco were on the menu as well, which satisfied me as they are my favorites. 
It took us a while to figure out what we wanted to order as far as food since neither of us was expecting it to be mostly little sampler/appetizers.
We ended up trying a lot of different things: I had the crudo di carne which was good, he had the rustic pork terrine with apple sauce, which he didn't even finish as it didn't taste like much and didn't look very appetizing. We also had the polenta, which was oozing delicious cheese, and the zucchini which were recommended as the best vegetable dish by our server - they were OK. The pretzel bites were also good, but after all this we were still hungry so I ordered the stuffed peppers and my boyfriend had the hot dog. The peppers were very tiny and not that great, his hot dog was delicious.We ended the dinner with the nutella zup
Overall I am not in love with the place but, as someone else said, I won't avoid it either. It was simply BLAH. Most things were good, but nothing to write home about. I think I'll enjoy it more as a place to come and enjoy a few beers when the weather is warm, but as far as a good dinner... I'll likely be next door enjoying some seafood by Starr.Alla Spina has a lively atmosphere and a fabulously unusual menu. From the soft pretzels with beer cheese to the fennel sausage to the grilled calamari to the stuffed clams to the watercress and watermelon salad, every single bite was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered several small plates and couldn't come to a consensus on which one was our favorite. They were all amazing and creative. Staff was friendly, helpful and fun. The beer selection was impressive. And, the birthday soft serve they kindly presented to my boyfriend was a perfect end to a very enjoyable evening. We will happily return ...Disappointed with the update on the wings. The old wings were easier and much more enjoyable to eat. They now have the full wing with the elbow .   The wing sauce is amazing tho!
There is a large beer list and the wine list is pretty good. This place isn't very  gluten-free friendly tho.I hate to say this place was bad. Service was ok they never asked me how the food was (maybe they were afraid to) the food was flavorless. I got the soft pretzels with the spicy cheese sauce I make soft pretzels at home all the time ... Mine are better, wayyy better. The pretzels had no flavor no sugar no salt just a burned flavor. My salad had no passion ... Again I cook better than this at home! There's nothing inspiring or exciting about this place. If your a foodie and you cook moderately well at home, this will be a disappointment to you. Stay at home and enjoy your own cooking ... Or go to south instead!This was by far the most disappointing experience I have had a Vetri restaurant.  My wife and were here with two other couples and two children (an 18-month old and a 2-and-a-half year old) for a Sunday brunch.  We were seated at a table toward the back of the restaurant, which was actually ideal with two kids, as we wouldn't have to worry about them disturbing other people, even though the restaurant was pretty empty.  The waitress took some time to take our drink orders, which was no big deal since we weren't really in a rush, just strange since she didn't seem to have any other tables.  After we placed our meal orders is when the experience really started to go downhill.  Our waitress disappeared for at least half an hour, during which time none of our coffees were refilled, and we had to ask another waitress to bring a drink for one of the kids (which we had already ordered with the original waitress).  When our waitress reappeared with our food orders, quite a few of the dishes were wrong or incomplete.  The eggs with the Italian Breakfast were missing.  One of our friends planned to split the avocado toast with her son, and asked for the scrambled egg on the side since her son does not like avocado, but it came out mixed together.  When we pointed these mistakes out to the waitress she didn't offer an apology, and instead walked away saying she would find the eggs for the Italian Breakfast.  We had ordered the mixed fruit and yogurt for the 2-and-a-half year old, and as her Mom mixed it together for her, she noticed some plastic mixed in with the yogurt.  She realized that the plastic was the entire circular piece of plastic that comes on top of Greek yogurt.  When our waitress returned we pointed out the plastic in the child's yogurt, and how dangerous that could have been had she eaten it, and again there was no apology.  She grabbed the yogurt off the table and told us she would get a new one.  I know it wasn't her fault that the yogurt came out with plastic in it, but when a restaurant serves a child a meal that has a potential choking hazard in it, an apology is really the appropriate response at minimum.  The manager came over and offered a half-hearted apology for the yogurt, and offered to take it off of our bill, which was a nice gesture, but he didn't really seem too concerned that his kitchen had served a child a meal with plastic in it.  
Having dined at every other Vetri restaurant in the city, and enjoyed them all, this was an unexpected letdown.  We most likely won't be returning, which is a shame because we have enjoyed eating here in the past.  Tip to parents - If you order the yogurt and fruit for your children, inspect it first to make sure there isn't anything in there that shouldn't be.So the wait was a bit long and subsequently the service a bit chaotic. The baked oysters were very good. And the beers very interesting (and good). It was their first week, so perhaps worth a second shot. If you're in that neighborhood, I think Route 6 is better.My husband and I went there for the first time last night and thought it was excellent.  It is a true gastro pub with a funky sportsy bar feel.   
We had a watercress and asparagus salad, which was simple, yet lovely.  The oysters were some of the best we ever had (and we love our oysters).  For entrees we had the uber cheesy crespelle, which was naughty but tasty and the trout, which was simple, elegant and perfectly cooked.  The side of zucchini was wonderful as well.  
Overall, it was a really good meal!Alla Spina has one of the coolest environments I've experienced at a restaurant in the Fairmount/Spring Garden area. I've always passed by while running and finally got around to having a meal there. We originally sat outside which is a great spot right along Mount Vernon and Broad, until it started to rain. The staff was very attentive and seated us at another table indoors very promptly. The inside is visually appealing, especially the bar area which has a large ceramic pig hanging over top of it. There were a few TVs but that didn't take away from the original feel of the place.
The menu was a bit confusing for me, just because I hadn't heard of most of the things on the menu before, then again I do not consider myself overly cultured when it comes to food so those of you that are may love it. The beer and wine menu is robust. Great selection. 
The service was above average. Our food came out extremely fast and it was delicious. The waitress checked in periodically but knew when we were mid-conversation and never interrupted. 
The only complaint I had is the beer we ordered was kicked. I didn't expect it to be kicked at 7:30pm. Other than that I would definitely recommend this place for a relaxed but classy dinner, perfect for a casual/fun date.Nice thoughtful draft list (served in proper glassware ), overcooked burger and annoying quizzo. This place could be great...It's pretty good...pretty pretty pretty good...(for the last question of the night and the winner of our quizzo championship what show is that phrase from!!!) Yeah it's kind of like that.I've been here twice now.  And, it's just underwhelming.  
The first time was for happy hour - I had their fries, which were good.  They also have 1.50 oysters, which I would definitely jump on, if Route 6 (which is right next door) didn't have them for a dollar during their happy hour.
I also went there for Brunch where I ordered the Testina Hash Poutine - It had all my favorites, cheese, fries and pork.  However, the fries were cold and it was just a little too salty for me and when I asked for ketchup the waiter looked at me like I was crazy (don't appreciate that).
My friend had the Valtellina Frittata which looked yummy but heavy.  
I may try this place one more time but I won't go out of my way to visit it again.Went there with another couple last night for the first time.  Service was really good - our waitress helped us pick about 10 items from the menu for the 4 of us to share and the amount was perfect.  If you took a sip of water it seemed like they were right there to refill you.
Our favorites on the menu were probably the parsnip and potato cannelloni with short rib ragu, poutine and the kielbasa.  However, everything was soooo salty.  Way over salted.  Now I know why they kept the water flowing!  The pork belly was good, but probably the saltiest and borderline inedible (luckily it was one bite for each of us - if I had to eat the whole piece solo it would have been just too much salt).  If this were Chopped the four judges would definitely take points off for over salting.Excellent cuisine in an area of town that is just now starting to pop up on people's radars. I went on a Thursday afternoon and I was really surprised by how much this place was bumping. It was jam packed, and I wasn't sure if it was because of the fact that there are a lot of offices around, or because there aren't that many other places around.
Regardless, decor was a little heavy and confusing (hipster industrial retro vintage?) but the beer selection and food plates were all interesting, not your average plates, good sized, and well presented.
Overall, would certainly go back and try more of their cuisine!
Make a reservation though...Had the pancakes and pesto with goat cheese onmlette.I came to Alla Spina after completing the Philadelphia Escape Triathlon- which included 24.8 miles of biking and 6.2 miles of running. I don't so much remember eating my food after showing up distinctly remember the feeling of leaving Alla Spina extremely satisfied after inhaling an amazing burger with fries and two bloody mary's (I blame the bloody mary's). 
Alla Spina has an awesome beer selection and makes an even better Bloody Mary- I'd even recommend getting a virgin Bloody Mary if you don't want to drink the alcohol, they've gotten the spice to tomato juice ratio down perfectly! I also had a bite of my friend's fried chicken sandwich- the chicken was the perfect amount of crispy but the center was moist. Would definitely come here a) after an intense workout or b) after a rough night out in need of some hangover food.Thought it was ok.  Had the smoked duck Reuben-decent but not great- a bit bland as was the fried raviolis.  Diverse beer selection and a nice family friendly atmosphere.  Server was good though. Don't get the falafel burger- no flavor all u taste is oil.I'm going to dedicate this review to Alla Spina's lemon and parmesan wings.  I can't even remember what else we had.  (JK I had the wedge salad with pig's head and it was pretty bangin)  Seriously though, these are the best wings I've ever had and some of the most unique.  The mix of lemon and parmesan creates an addicting flavor that makes me drool just thinking about it.  Also, they were pretty meaty.  If you're more of a traditional wing person (hot, mild, BBQ) these may not be your cup of tea.  However, they may surprise you so just try them already.
I've been here a few times and have never had a bad meal.  We also recommend the pretzels with beer cheese, oven roasted cauliflower, veggie burger (which was beet based and awesome), and the always satisfying maple glazed fried chicken with mozzarella curd mashed potatoes.  MMmmmmm....
To top it off, this place has an amazing beer selection and they have plenty of TV's for football Sunday/Monday/Thursday.This place was pretty good. The tofu wraps were relatively bland, but I really enjoyed the Arctic char, even if the portion was quite small. The draft red wine was too cold, but the other wines on the list were good. I'd go back on quizzo night, but don't expect to find many healthy options. All the food at neighboring tables smelled delicious.Love Vetri, love this place. Great food and atmosphere. 
The whole wall opens up on Vernon St side - really airy, awesome place to be in balmy summer night... yes to the craft beer and fried chicken!!!I enjoyed the Goose Island Black Wednesday event here as well as the excellent food. The staff did very well even with the crowd.The most I can muster up is - meh. The food was in general good, but you are going to pay for it.  The main dishes were all pretty good, but most of the smaller "plates" (for example, beef carpaccio, recommended by the server) were pretty lousy.  One particular annoyance was that when I asked the server to recommend a beer, she picked the two most expensive on the menu (twice the price as the others), and the one I chose was not anything special.
It does have an interesting vibe inside, hard to describe. General consensus was that it would be a better place for a drink than a meal.What the heck happened here?
I've been here a number of times when this place first opened.  As a Vetri restaurant, one comes here expecting a quality dining experience.  When it first opened it was a hit.  It was a superb, reasonably priced place to eat off North Broad that lived up to it's billing:  good food, slick ambiance, hipster redo of a car dealership.  But what the heck happened to this place?  We went there recently on a Saturday night and it was miss.  The service was fine, but the food was completely unimpressive.  The menu had changed and was much slimmer than before.  Here's what we ate:  
The Calabrian Buffalo and Dry Rub wing entree was flavorful with just a bit of a spicy kick.
The Beer Braised Pork Sandwich was meager.  Dry roll, pork link, and not much else, especially flavor.
The Beet Salad was "weird and salty" as my companion noted.  Sort of bland and the beets got a little lost in the mix.  
Mushroom Cheesesteak was okay.  I mean what do you expect with a hipster cheesesteak? 
The burger was decent, and about what one would expect, but then again not outstanding.
If Vetri is going for the TGIFridays crowd, then he's hit the mark.  And if that's his aim, then why bother.  You expect mediocre food from TGIF, not Vetri.  This place seems to have lost its way.  You know it's sad when the fries are the highlight of your meal.A lot of potential, but there's also a lot to work on.  The music is great (three Phish songs in one night!), the space is great, the atmosphere works and the drinks are delicious.
Food-wise, the highlight for me was mortadella rolled up thick with fontina cheese and then deep fried until crunchy.  It was like an Italian eggroll, and it was delicious.  I could have eaten all four myself.
Some of the other food was very good.  The pig pot pie was rich and scrumptious, covered with an enormous puff pastry (the best part of a pot pie).  The young salame was delicious and soft (though the portion was a tiny three slivers).  The pig tails were fatty and rich as they should be and worked really well with the general-tso's-like sauce they came coated in.  The fried snails were tasty, but that's about all there is to say about them.  The poutine was quite good, but not out-of-this-world as Adsum's used to be (RIP).  
The bone marrow was downright disappointing in the flavor department.  There was just no light in its eyes.  And how do you give a bone the size of my arm with only four tiny slivers of toast?  The amount of bread that comes with most marrow dishes (and pate, a lot of the time) never makes sense to me, but this bone was so enormous and came with such tiny toasts I thought they were trying to be funny.
None of these dishes were bad, exactly (aside from the marrow) ... they just didn't sing the way Vetri dishes normally do.  Overall the meal just didn't do a whole lot for me, and none of the dishes (save those mortadella eggrolls) have me particularly excited to return.  And that's not good news, considering the rather high price tag.  There's more on the menu I'm dying to try, so I expect I'll be back to give it another swing in a couple months, but with different expectations.
I want to mention one other thing: the portion sizes are a bit out of whack.  It's hard to get your head around how much to order when tiny appetizers like the salame and the polenta balls come out beside the heaping mound of pig tails and four heavy mortadella rolls!This place had a great setup for the inside and outside.  I liked that the wall was open so that you could enjoy the nice weather.  It felt like the bars I saw in Asheville, N.C.  Something for hippies.  haha.  Moving on to the food and beer.
I enjoyed a raspberry wheat beer from Victory.  And with that I ordered the maple glazed fried chicken.  My friend is the expert on fried chicken and felt that it was not the strongest that he has ever had.  My amateur taste buds enjoyed it.  The fries that came with the meal were fantastic.
I felt the service was a little overwhelming though.  They were always quick to clean our table.  I like that when it was not a mess that I created but I'm okay with being in my own filth.  Also, that were always a little to quick with the water.  Again, I like to be waited on but constant interruption of my conversation is a problem.This rating is for the service, which is lacking.  The food ranges from solid to great, and there's an impressive range of beer and cocktail choices.  
The first time we ate here, some of our food was forgotten, and we often waited for a long, confusing time between visits from the servers.  They recognized this and gave us a free sandwich to make up for it.  Nice gesture, but we didn't want the sandwich.  They also kept trying to get us to buy more food, when we had already ordered a substantial amount of food and drink.  I chalked it up to a busy night.
Though the place was nearly empty on our second visit, and we just came for drinks, it still took a long time for our server to come over, and the server seemed clearly bothered that we were sticking to just drinks (at 10:30 pm, sitting in the lounge, it seems like this should be okay!). 
Then, our bill arrived.  It was for $8 to 10 more than the items we ordered.  I didn't notice until we got home, because my partner paid.  Oh well, but I think we won't try a third time.Great Atmosphere and Amazing service.  The food is pretty good, but the place is overpriced.  Their prices are justified if you're willing to pay for an excellent experience and amazing service.Overall not impressed.  Service was inattentive bordering on uninterested. Baked oysters were overpowered with excessive cheese. Shrimp were over cooked. Pork terrine was very good as was the deviled eggs and the zucchini. Polenta was tasty, but again overpowered with cheese. For the price Philly has so many better restaurants. It was Dining Out for AIDS night so that was a plus for the night.I sooo wanted to love alla spina.  We decided to go out for a nice meal before I head out of town on business amd this was on my neighborhood restaurant bucket list.  For me the big disappointment was the menu. It mostly consists of sandwiches with chips.  Tbey did have a pot pie anf some fried chicken but that's it. My wife had a very good carbonara burger with egg anf guanciale.  I went with the pig pot pie (not wanting a sandwich).the pot pie was okay. It was a pig pot pie so I was expecting large pieces of roast pig. What I got was just small bits of meat and could have been anything.  Service was good but I guess I just had higher expectations.loved the fries and fried chicken. nice lounge is fun place to hang. Shoutout to staff and GM. Alla SPina is a great place to just go hangVery disappointing!!  Food average at best! Don't understand  which part is Italian , except the  name Alla Spina..
Hype does not live up to reality!A friend from Berkeley, CA who used to work with Alice Waters was in town the night before NYE. I wanted to share the best of Philly of with her and decided to take her to Pizzeria Vetri with two friends who live in Philly but have never gone to a Vetri restaurant. Unfortunately, we couldn't get a table at Pizzeria Vetri, it was understandably bumping' (it's quite good), so I suggested we mosey on over to Alla Spina. We all love beer and figured since it was a bigger space than PV there'd be more room. I live down the street and have had only good experiences at Alla Spina in the past. Great brunch, great dinners, great beers. 
The restaurant was fairly crowded but there were tables open and we were promptly seated. We put our beer orders in and proceeded to wait FOREVER. My friends and I are all in mental health or work with kids, so I consider us very patient and understanding people to serve. We've also had our share of restaurant or customer service jobs. We understand people have bad nights and we understand shit happens out of our control. What we didn't understand is why our waiter did not come over to apologize for the wait after 10 minutes. He came over FINALLY after 20 minutes (no exaggeration) to let me know they were out of the beer I ordered. I ordered something else and we assumed that had been the hold up, but we didn't know as he felt no need to acknowledge what was going on. Again, we waited another 7-10 minutes for our first round of drinks. Since he felt no need to acknowledge the wait, I did. I asked if he could let us know what was going on in what I felt was completely innocent manner. I did not want to put the onus on him, who knows what was going that night in the kitchen or maybe he was sick? Waiter got extremely defensive, claimed that there was only one bartender that night (fine, but still, 25 min for 4 beers at a Vetri restaurant? not typical of his restaurants) and that they had not anticipated such a crowd for a Monday night. He could have stopped there but instead he went into a convoluted (and somewhat condescending) explanation of the ticketing system they use and that our ticket had somehow gotten mixed up and put on the bottom of the list. So, waiter, are you blaming the bartender for your slow service or someone else for putting our ticket on the bottom of the pile?  
After that the service did not improve and there seemed to be some tension between the waiter and our table. I asked for my sandwich to be wrapped up and he forgot, but I did not remind him because I really didn't feel like spending more time waiting. We also had friends who were going to meet us at the bar but we told them to meet us elsewhere because it was extremely slow.
The food was good, but I was embarrassed I brought my friends to a restaurant with bad service. There was a host (or manager? he looked too young to be a manager, but who knows) with blonde hair, white button down, and some khakis on who served our food and was very apologetic about the wait. I was surprised a manager did not come over to apologize, but the woman in a suit who looked like she was the manager was busy with other tables. 
Our round of drinks were comped, but despite that it was a really disappointing experience, especially since two weeks prior I was at Amis with my family for a birthday dinner and had exceptional service. We arrived for our reservation but the diners at our table were lingering. After 15 minutes, without anyone in my party prompting him, the manager approached the table and explained there was a reservation waiting and he'd be happy to buy them a round of drinks if they'd be ok with moving to the bar. They did and we were seated. 
As I mentioned, everyone has a bad night, and maybe our waiter (Nick? Nate?) was having a bad night.I've been coming to this place since it opened as a pre-show meal for Union Transfer. I've seen the menu transform a few times. They keep re-inventing dinner and it's always delicious. The most recent trip include a Bucket of Chicken, which was fantastic. If you're going to a show at UT, I highly recommend a few drinks and meal here before or after the show.Excellent brunch. Eclectic menu. And drinks all day. We tried the Bloody Mary which was very different and awesome. Polenta was delicious. My fiancé loved her biscuits and gravy. Old man burger was tasty and the Poutine delicious. Service was excellent and atmosphere was fun, easy and great music.With the exception of drinks and service, one word describes Alla Spina - bland.  Good beer selection, and classic Italian libations done well. Limited but decent wines.  Service was spot on, efficient, and knowledgeable.  The food? Unfortunately the appetizers were overly salted and otherwise bland.  Larger plates were either dry and bland or swimming in oil or pork grease...and bland. Small plates are a good concept, but they should not be priced as a larger entree.  $200 for 4 people at this casual venue (in a still slightly sketchy neighborhood) won't get me to return.This place was fine. Yep. You read that right... just fine. Not outstanding, not amazing, not horrible either - just a "fine". Admittedly I am a picky meat eater (if I can be called a meat eater at all) but it is rare that I don't see something on the menu that sparks my interest. Here, I am not even sure I can recall what I got (and this was about 2 months ago) - I do however remember that the portion size was small for what I paid and I left still hungry. I also recall the service being rather slow...
The Victory Alla Spina was really the saving grace of my visit. The beer was quite good and memorable - bright and refreshing. Unfortunately, it's not enough to have me coming back for more.Alla Spina is a great restaurant, that I love to go since I live close to it. I love there pretzel appetizer with a beer cheese dip and the fig grilled cheese sandwich. The restaurant is one of the many Vetri family owned restaurants in the Spring Arts, Fairmount area. 
For happy hour they have $6 wines, $3 Brooklyn Lager cans, and 1/2 off select appetizers. 
I can't wait for the warm weather so they open up there outside seating.I love that great restaurants are bravely opening in this area. It gives me hope that one day North Broad will finally crawl entirely out of its current blightness.
Alla Spina would be a really great addition to anywhere, though. It would fit in perfectly in Northern Liberties or the Art Museum area proper, or east Passyunk. It has a welcoming feel and really quality things to offer.
I've been here several times for happy hour, and a couple of times to eat. The late night happy hour here is a real winner. The draft list always has at least three things that I REALLY want to drink and have trouble deciding between, and they do bar totally snacks right. The appetizers are unique - my boy and I usually can't resist ordering the little bowl of straight up delicious sauteed mushrooms that they offer. It's so good, it doesn't need anything else. Happy hour puts some of the really good craft brews at $3, and some really GREAT ones at $5-6.
There is a super freaky face staring down at you if you sit in the lounge area. Check it out. Outdoor seating is very dog friendly and not overrun by pedestrians or overwhelmed by the din of traffic on Broad, somehow. There's a more formal dining section, a bunch of booths, and a really comfortable, roomy bar.
Service was excellent during all but one of my visits. The bartender was having a particularly sassy "let's ignore these customers while staring straight at them for 20 minutes" kind of day. But that was only once. Usually the bartenders and servers are prompt, informative, and unintrusive. I'd also like to high-five whoever has their ipod on - the background music is always spot on.
So glad Vetri decided to open a place this quality that's still accessible to, you know, working class lushes like me on a regular weeknight.I wasn't super pumped when my friend suggested this for her birthday dinner. I read the reviews on yelp and the menu online and it wasn't tickling my inner-foodie. 
First off- it's on North Broad. Not extremely far away, but enough so that you have to take a cab (I'm a fan of walking everywhere...but that break between Chinatown and North Broad is a little sketchy)- so that's strike one. The 2nd strike was when the waitress was trying to make us order everything at once. My friends boyfriend wanted to order a bunch of appetizers while we were looking over the menu and that apparently was a problem. "It's better if you order everything at once, so I'll come back when you're ready" and luckily for our grumbling tummies my friend said, "Nah, just put in the appetizer order and we'll be ready in a few for entrees."  It wasn't the end of the world, but I don't like being told how to order food, and I could tell my friend was a little miffed by it too. 
The food came out and it was good. Not great, but good. The stuffed pepper appetizer was a joke. 3 pieces of pepper about the size of a quarter each stuffed with cheese for $6??? Yeah, they tasted good, but honestly- it's a ripoff. 
My boyfriend had the fried chicken and that was solid. Had a maple glaze on it, and it was really crispy. I had the gnocchi, which was surprisingly good (the menu is so hap hazard that I wasn't sure how it would go). They were pillowy and melted in your mouth the way gnocchi should. I tried everything else at the table and it was all pretty consistent....good not great. 
I think this restaurant has the potential to be great. The neighborhood is slowly turning around (Starr is right next door...so it's only a matter of time), and the food is good.  The menu is all over the place, so I think after about a year of business they can hone in on what is selling, and find a better focus. Because right now I'm not understanding the pigs and graffiti theme...maybe it's just me.Not bad but disappointing for a Vetri restaurant. Hand pumps present but discontinued, no drink order for 10 mins until we asked, and missed delivery on part of our appetizer. Squash hummus was quite good; the rest of the meal--burger, North Philly cheesesteak and mussels were good but not remarkable. Service and ambiance were generally poor. So many good spots in the city; seems like this one is on its way out.Mediocre food + blah food = skip this place for brunch
1. Waited 25 minutes before we could grab the attention of the waitress to ask her if we could order drinks 
2. Waited additional 25 minutes before food  order was taken. 
3. Received said drinks after 1 hour. Ran out of Birmosas
4. Never once informed they were "extra busy" or " sorry for the delay"
5. Food menu was boring. 2 of 4 meals were just eh
Would have been more understanding if they gave us a heads up about slow service but this is not a place I would recommendWe showed up with 4 adults and 2 kids (ages 4 and 2). They sat us immediately and didn't give us a hard time for pulling out our stash of bell peppers, fruit, and nuts for the kiddos. We were bummed to learn that pizza is only served on Tuesdays, but the other dishes we ordered were fantastic. Veggie meatball sub was probably the best one I've had. The tofu lettuce wrap was sweet and spicy and yummy. The grits with cauliflower had too much Old Bay for my liking but was still tasty. As was my beer cocktail (shandy). It was noisy enough to drown out the kids, but a great adult atmosphere -- and lots of open windows on a gorgeous spring night. We'll be back.One of the best bars in the city. The menu takes some getting used to, but everything on there is very good. From the fried chicken to the pretzel bites...the oysters...mmm and the head cheese bruschetta...many others. 
Beer list is top notch, they get an exclusive Victory beer that's always on point. 
Don't forget about a great happy hour!
Go here!This place is very unique from their cooking, decorations, & even their bathrooms! They have good beers & a wide variety of them. And their maple glazed chicken & pretzel bites are amazingI wasn't really impressed. Food was ok. Atmosphere was ok. The wait staff was great. Nothing special otherwise. I might be back to give it another try.I have certainly had better. Our brunch with served with cold coffee which needed to be replaced, the chicken and waffles was the consistency of a hockey puck, needed to be a placed and was then summarily replaced without the waffles while my friend ate alone after we had finished.. Will not be returning.I've been a big fan of Alla Spina since it opened. I liked the inventive cuisine and fun, Italian beers and spirits. And sitting in its lounge area for drinks and small plates was great. However i went for dinner tonight and was sorely disappointed. The dood menu was watered down to bad quality sports bar food. What happened?! I can't believe this place is still run by Vetri's organization. It's basically a super nice hang out bar with foozball and pool. I'll come back for drinks with friends, but trust me, the food is a terrible value.The first time I went to Alla Spina was a much better experience. The second time was not so hot. I came in on a Tuesday night and sat at the bar. There were about 9 other people at the bar, so it wasn't too crowded. It took the bartender quite a bit of time to acknowledge my presence. It was all downhill from there. I live right around the corner from this place but I wouldn't go back. Just not a great experience and the menu just doesn't appeal to me.Very loud restaurant - drinks expensive, food is delish- get a few things to share.I did return to Alla Spina last week.  Two quick items to comment on.  One, I like beer served in pint glasses.  If you are going to serve me a higher-alcohol content beer in a rinky dink glass, I don't want it.  One should also not serve regular alcohol content beer in anything BUT pint glasses, as my Kolsch was served in a fluted glass.  No thank you bartender, give me a pint glass please.  Two, Putine should be served like it is served in French-Canada, gravy, should be hot and steamy, and the curds should be cold and chunky, not melted as Alla Spina served it.
I did appreciate their beers on tap though-great selection, poor presentation.  Too, I did eat every french fry.Love this place! Try the pigs head, it's awesome. Not your "typical" menu, very creative and fresh. Cool urban motif and outstanding service.It's sort of depressing how much this place has changed.  Not that long ago it was our go to place on a Friday night for happy hour/dinner.  While it looks sort of the same there are little changes that make it feel more like an average bar.  It's darker, more televisions, pool table and foosball.  While the beer list seems vastly improved, the menu itself leans more towards basic pub food.  The basics from the previous incarnation are on there, BUT are completely different.  The pretzels and fries which were staples are now a shade of what they were.  The fires were soggy and greasy.  The pretzels which were these super tasty pretzel nuggets is now one super large pretzel that lacks any flavor beyond salt and dough (not to mention the beer cheese is more like paste the beer cheese).  The burger was cooked to a nearly burnt level.  One highlight was the fried cauliflower, while the flavor was there the pieces were basically shards of cauliflower.  The sausage cheese steak used to be a must, but now looks like a mess of a sandwich.  The fried chicken used to be some of the best in the city, look like KFC.  On the service side our waiter was super friendly, but the hostess was rude and aloof.  Sad to see this place fall so far.It may not look like much, but Alla Spina's Pig Pot Pie is an otherworldly delight. A hearty pork, potato, and mushroom stew topped with puffed pastry bread, this belly warming dish is full of savory goodness with every bite. My friend Chris W and I enjoyed our pies. We liked the bibb lettuce and pig trotter wraps, too. I wish there were more than two. We felt that the poutine with guinea hen bolognese and mozzarella curd was a bit too salty. The decor feels a lot like Osteria with its seating arrangements facing a bar and open air kitchen. A big pig hangs over the bar tempting you to try any of Alla Spina's porcine delights. It wasn't until I later that I learned that what I had enjoyed was an Italian Gastropub experience, so if beer is your drink of choice, this is the place. Even my prosecco, vodka, and lemon sorbet cocktails were fashioned to look like champagne glasses of beer with froth on top. The restaurant felt a little like Amis and a little like Osteria. All in all, a nice, comforting meal without the need for dessert.Though crowd managing the Sunday Brunch shift. WanTed to sit in window in vritually an empty room and we reluctantly told that if would be of if we were put by 5pm...nice welcome eh? But once you get over the I'm As Good As You attitude water was refilled and things improved. Hip garage tgeme decor. Hamburgers were OK, small portion of avocado spread on 2 slices of whole wheat sitting there plain and deserted looking...I had salad: Arugula, sugared pecans,    cubes of squash, and smeary goat cheese sort of gluing the thing together. Great? No, but not terrible. $84 for 5 Brunch items. No drinks, no coffee.Absolutely horrible. I live next door. I've given them three chances so far... the first two times it was he service
Extremely  rude bartender .. both times bad service to the point my fiancé never wanted to return. I said to myself I can't let a bad experience with an individual ruin an establishment right next door ... third time
Feeling sick decided to call around and find soup
The hostess answers and informs me of there seafood soup. Creamy 
I arrive to pick it up and it's not seafood soup
It's a 20$ entree
Not creamy at all
So much pepper I can't even eat it. Unbelievable
Never again will I go back to this horrible wanna be hipster placeIt's just not the same. It was great. It had style, great food and service, and a cool vibe. Now, it lacks all of that. It also has foosball and pool tables. I love both. But what are either doing at Alla Spina? The beer is still good and I am hopeful they will recover from this.I wen here for dinner with my wife. The beer selection was outstanding.  The victory house beer is the choice to get. The food was great...get something with pork. Service was slow as it was a busy evening but definitely friendly. I will definitely return.We arrived a bit early before our reservation and sat at the bar and grabbed a few drinks, the bartenders were helpful and knowledgeable as usual. When we sat down our waitress was attentive but not overly so, the food was great. I went with the pig tails which were very good and the burgamo which I can't ever seem to stay away from. As always it was an enjoyable experience and we will be returning soon.
I really enjoy this place and it's atmosphere.I was not impressed. food was meh. Service was great. Ambiance lively and attractive.LOVE this place. Food is incredible, and you can't beat their beer selection. My favorite thing is going after 10:30 and eating their SUPER cheap late night menu. On Thursday nights they also have a fun DJ spinning while you eat. 
Pig's head bruschetta, warm pretzels, kale salad, and oyster mushrooms are some of my favorites on the menu. And the flemish sour from Monk's is an amazing beer, they almost always have it on tap.So so disappointed...
This is a great space with a great concept...but (and there's always a but)...
I'm giving it 2 stars because I have been here before and it was a 4/5...but like the rating says 'meh, I've experienced better.'  While the other times I've been, this was a pretty-well oiled machine...reservations were timely, food was as described, drinks were delicious...but this time, it was the perfect storm...reservations were a running an hour behind and the food wasn't prepared well.
As for the reservations, I get it, people take longer than expected, parties bring more/less than expected, etc.  But, all the staff had to do was just tell us 'hey, we are running 60 minutes behind, we are sorry, but wanted to manage your expectations.'  The bar's fine, there were seats, it wasn't crowded, so we could've just started our meal there instead of being antsy and agitated.
As for the food - the beer/cheese pretzels are awesome, kind of a sucker's bet (unless you have a party of 3+) since you know you'll be ordering a ton of other food here, but you can't not order these as an app with your beers.  The fried pig tails are a treat as well and were done nicely...I was pleasantly surprised by the sausage cheesesteak as well, the roll was awesome...so those are the positive highlights...
The big knock for me was the pork shoulder special...It comes out in a big pan with a side of pickled veggies (beats, cauliflower, carrots) which were tasty.  The pork looked amazing, dark crispy skin, but as the server presented it and started to say 'it will just fall apart, let me get it started for you guys' - she stuck the two forks into it and pulled and nothing happened...she kind of looked up and walked away.  Leaving us to try and carve away at the meat...it wasn't undercooked, but I think maybe it was just cooked too quickly.  We've had this before and it pulls apart with little to no effort, but we were struggling to separate meat from the shoulder on this one...very disappointed, esp since the server could have done something about it, but instead she just walked away like nothing was wrong.  I probably should have said something, but I know it takes a while to prep another and it just wasn't worth the battle...
I hope this isn't a trend with Vetri's side endeavors...because this happened to me at Osteria...first time we went (within 6 months of opening) it was fantastic, just like alla spina...but as time goes on, it feels like they don't put as much care and love into the service and food.  I won't give up yet, but I was very disappointed overallNice location. Food and drinks for a fair and reasonable price. I was there over a weekend but it looks they also good happy hour deals, e.g. wings or Oysters $1 per piece.
I will definitely come back again and provide more details.Delicious brunch. My dad got the burger which looked great, I got the fried chicken sandwich which was tasty and my husband got the chicken and waffles. He loved the chicken but thought the waffles were a little dry.
Recommend and their brunch drinks are great!This place was amazing. 3 of us split everything- started off with 1$ oysters on their happy hour menu, along with French fries, pig bruschetta, and wings. Everything was delicious... Wings had a garlic butter Parmesan sauce on them with oregano. 
We split 2 things off their dinner menu- Clams and mussels that were in a spicy broth with chorizo, and a baked pot pie made with their homemade pig and topped with a savory bread crust. 
Our drinks were awesome too. They had a ton of good crafts, and wine on tap! 
I will be back.I have been here before for dinner and enjoyed the food, drinks, and vibe. This visit was for Sunday brunch with my wife and four kids. Again, the food was delicious -- interesting options with enough basics for everyone to find something. My only complaint is the music was so incredibly loud that we actually could not have any conversation at the table, fully defeating the purpose of sharing a meal as a family. I suggest a lower volume with less heavy base for that time of dayI have been there twice.  I will go back for the beer and stay for the food.  This would be a perfect bar at which to become a regular.  I recommend it as a great first date place because at least you will enjoy the beer and it is also a good place to make the decision to have the drink turn into a meal if things look up.First time going here; we went for brunch for my mom's birthday. My family is italian and we loved the fresh take on italian food they serve here! Our party of 6 ordered 6 different meals and we all loved our own the most! I want to go back ASAP to try out dinner!Stopped by today to grab brunch with a group of 6. Ordered the poutine, avocado toast, and a few other things - everything was extremely salty. Not really a picky eater but the food today was a bit ridiculous.I can't justify 5 stars after one visit, but oh is it tempting. It was my fiance's mother's birthday the other evening, and we had all had such crappy days (including three of us getting caught in the drenching downpour) that we needed a good meal out. 
On a Tuesday night it was practically empty, but maybe the rain played a hand in that. Our server was great, very nice, informative, and patient with our questions. Since it was our first time there, he spent a few minutes explaining the beer selections and how the menu worked before taking our drink orders and giving us time to figure out food. We were overwhelmed since everything sounded good, and agreed to share food so that we all could try different things. 
Beer-wise, his mother tried the citrus beer flight they offered that night, which she insisted everyone share with her since she's only recently started drinking beer. My fiance ordered a stout on tap that came in a gorgeous glass, which his mother started coveting (both for the design and perhaps also the beer).
We started with the porcini deviled eggs (they added a 4th one since it's usually 3) and the house-made pickled veggies. Both were delicious, and the pickles had a great crunch (watch out for the red peppers, they are spicy!). Then, the 'main courses' arrived. I had the luganega sausage with charred green onions and whole grain mustard (delicious, seriously good, and you need to make each bite contain all components to get the full flavor experience). My fiance, after much debate (the pig head was pretty tempting...but it's for 2 people...) got the pig pot pie which was unbelievably good, not as heavy as stereotypical pot pies and the flaky crust was just too good for words. His father ordered the maple glazed fried chicken which was deemed the best fried chicken any of us had ever had - juicy meat, crispy, subtly sweet skin, and they couldn't get enough of the mozzarella mashed potatoes. His mother ordered their "burgamo" double cheeseburger with iceberg lettuce, onion, pickles, special sauce (it's a dill sauce) and cheddar because it was National Burger Day and discounted! After the first bite she exclaimed that it was one of the best burgers she had tried, and the salt and vinegar chips (which must be homemade) were crunchy and delish.
After so much food, there was no way any of us could eat dessert afterwards, but the meal was so reasonably priced we all didn't mind since we agreed that we would be back again. And again. Probably once more after that. And soon!Went here with a friend visiting from out of town for Sunday Brunch. We shared two plates. The Necci Crespelle was my favorite: a chestnut crepe with sausage and eggs over easy. The sweet and savory played off each other in perfect harmony!
Second dish we ordered was the gnocchi with pork belly. Honestly it wasn't much to write home about, but I had gnocchi from the (now closed) Noble American Cookery and also from Commonwealth in San Francisco (the gnocchi from both places were startlingly similar) and nothing compares to those experiences. The gnocchi was crispy on the outside and soft and pillowy on the inside, almost buttery. This gnocchi was well-executed but soft all the way through, with a tomato based sauce, asiago, and bits of pork belly. Definitely yummy but did not stand out.
Next time I want to get the cheesy polentu dish with boneless pork ribs!Its a little pricey for what you get. Most of the flavors are great. I really enjoyed brunch here. The staff was very helpful and nice. The place is really nice in a refined hipster wearhouse kind of way.
Its worth a try if your in the area or want to try something new.Saturday night was my first trip to Alla Spina & it will certainly not be my last!  We snagged a last-minute reservation, but ended up having to wait almost an hour to be seated.. bummer.  Luckily we had time to browse the menu while waiting at the bar, so once we were seated we knew right away what to order.  We started with the pretzels & beer cheese sauce (it said spicy beer cheese sauce, but it didn't seem spicy at all) & they were a HUGE hit.  We even kept the cheese around to dip our beef fat fries in.  I ordered the Maple Glazed Fried Chicken (crispy, juicy, amazing) & my friends got the sausage cheesesteak (delish, but I could only eat like 2 bites of it.. so rich) and the beef tenderloin.  After devouring our meals, we saved room for the Choco Taco dessert.  Just like the original, but so much better.  Can't wait to come back again!This a review for their Happy Hour, which is my favorite in the Fairmount area right now. I have been here a dozen times for a drink after work and have never been disappointed. Great draft selection which is discounted during HH and their food specials are ridiculous. Ridiculously good and ridiculously cheap. The food always ranges between classic (giant pile of soft pretzels, wings, buck a shuck oysters) to interesting (pig's head bruschetta...who does that?! they do, and its amazing) Go here, but don't take my spot at the bar.I loved the indoor/outdoor atmosphere.  The beer cocktails were satisfying.  I opted for the one that contained allagash white.  The highlight of my night was the fried snails.  A bit pricey but oh so delicious.  The pretzels were ok but i did not really care for the beer cheese.  I had the mussels as an entree and could not get enough of the sauce it came in.  Dinner was a bit pricey here so i'd probably  come back for happy hour.Food was great! Came with a group of 5 and had a good time. We ordered alot of food and a ton of drinks so they manager kept bringing us more and more food to try. Really enjoyed the different dishes. Bartender was busy but for the most part decent. Some of the cocktails tasted a little off but my girlfriend and I both bartend and do it well so I forgive his subpar martinis. Food was great tho. Nice environment, put the games on for us.Some good, some not so good about the dinner I had there this past Saturday night.
There were 5 of us, and 4 people ordered beers from the tap that were great. My mother ordered a Bellini that had beer in it, and it came out tasting like light beer... disgusting. She sent it back and got a beer. Problem solved.
Our food was great. We ordered the kale salad (delicious!), the pretzel bites with the special cheese (yum) and my brother ordered the piece of toast with a few slices of bacon and an egg on it. We all stayed away from that one, but he thoroughly enjoyed it :).
The service was a bit confusing. We probabaly had 3 different waitresses. It looked like there was just as much wait staff in the restaurant as there were patrons.
When trying to make a reservation, we wanted 6:45. No problem. We wanted to add a person to the rez, and increase it from 4 to 5, but the woman said we would have to move the rez up to 6:30. Ok, again, no problem. We get there at 6:30 and the place is half empty. On a Saturday night. So why would it be an issue to add one chair when the place isn't even full? It puzzled us all. It didn't really start to get busy until we left shortly before 8. 
I liked the food, but I wouldn't rush back there.It's been a while since my first and last visit, but I'm so anxious to travel to Philly again next month - partially because I'm excited to bring more friends to dinner at Alla Spina! 
A hometown friend that now lives in the same Spring Garden area invited me to join her for dinner here one night, and I turned out to be super impressed. Our server (I wish I could remember her name!) was so sweet and very knowledgable of the menu, and was able to give us awesome cocktail and app/entree recommendations. I ordered a pork belly/melon/mint plate and a year later I still have dreams about it. It was something I never would have thought I'd enjoy so much. Midway through our meal, the amazing server brought over a full plate of a burger with fries that was "compliments of the chef". I'm not sure if they were trying to get people excited about new menu items or just simply trying to avoid throwing it away, but we ate it regardless and it was delicious. Every employee we interacted with was very friendly, and the restaurant wasn't super busy so the music seemed a little louder than it probably would have been during peak hours. It didn't bother me though.
I make a huge deal about it when I find a place that gives me a perfect combination of amazing service, food, and atmosphere. I will certainly be back, and I will tell everyone who asks for Philadelphia food suggestions to come here. See you soon!Fabulous meal.  We started with fries, oysters, and the pretzel bites.  All were delicious--especially the french fries which were crispy and served with mayo and ketchup! As a group of 4 we ordered the pigs head(which was a special) and 2 of the maple fried chickens.  The pig head was very tastey and  not nearly the mess you imagine after ordering a pigs head.  The chicken lived up to the hype.  Overall the restaurant is beautiful, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was perfect for a week night out.I've been here twice and this place is great. cool place and great food. I don't know if it's their thing, but their pork dishes are fantastic. Wish I knew what Alla Spina meant in Spanish... too lazy to look it upI hate to say this place was bad. Service was ok they never asked me how the food was (maybe they were afraid to) the food was flavorless. I got the soft pretzels with the spicy cheese sauce I make soft pretzels at home all the time ... Mine are better, wayyy better. The pretzels had no flavor no sugar no salt just a burned flavor. My salad had no no flavor either. Again I cook better than this at home! There's nothing inspiring or exciting about this place. If your a foodie and you cook moderately well at home, this will be a disappointment to you. Stay at home and enjoy your own cooking ... Or go to south instead!Terrible racist place. Came here the night before Halloween to have a good time with my friends and i was harassed because I didn't order a drink when they wanted me to. They even threatened to call the police on me when I refused to leave after being mistreated.... I will never ever go to this restaurant again.Forgot to review this place. 
Went here with a group, with reservations. Table situation was not set up correctly... Fitting 8 people along the wall butted up against another table... Awkward, and uncomfortable at times.
I went with Thuy [see her review] and I agree with her 100%. There was no restraint or balance with most of the dishes. The pigs head was pretty great though. Would totally order two of them and skip everything else. Things could've change. Would definitely try the restaurant again if I'm in the area.Very cute brunch spot. Outdoor seating. I didn't eat but my friends' dishes looked amazing. The cocktails are good but super tiny. I can see how you can rack up a large bill pretty quickly. Will definitely come back.My husband and I finally tried this place out last night. It's right across from our loft at 640. Convenient, great atmosphere, loved there selection of drinks. The price per portions were ridiculous  however. Hence the 3 stars.Great food, meh service. The deviled eggs with porcini mushrooms were succulent and savory.  They oysters were fresh and salty.
The SALUMI were all delicious.  
Served with rye beer bread, I highly recommend any of the following:
lamb speck with horseradish butter 
prosciutto cotto with marinated stone fruit 
chicken terrine with pickled cherries and endive 
The beef fat fries were standard disco fries that you could get from pretty much any diner.
The bar staff looked like they intentionally avoided eye contact with customers looking for service.  One particular bar attendant was a bit abrasive.Rarely I say save room for dessert but we three Mature guys shared the brownie sundae and cake of day with bourbon & pecan. Both so huge you must share.  Bursting with flavor not sweetness.
But that just topped off our Duck Pastrami (juicy perfect pastrami flavor with crisp sour sauerkraut and creamy not overwhelming dressing); grandpa burger ( waitress did not ask me how done but it was juicy and tasted of a high quality ground); veg friend has meatball  (tofu?) with assertive ideal seasoning.
We all choose home made chips - only disappointment.  Sour cream chive Chips were not warm and no better than gourmet bag.  Go for the salad side.  
Now f chips were warm, lil drizzle of sour cream & chives, then they'd be great.
Draft beer selection outstanding and waitress even offered a sample.  Wish they served flights to try a range; so many exceptional.
Can be loud (big warehouse space) so sit on edges, especially near front. Some may find service slow, we enjoyed the time with conversation.  Kitchen sent over a sample wrap as I guess they knew wait long / and we had not complained..  Trained to anticipate - one smith operation.
Make point to get here; small menu but honed to perfection. Viva Vetri!The food at Alla Spina is really good. The menu is mostly 'takes' on common dishes, but  fancied up. The portions are small and meant for sharing. The balsamic glazed ribs are amazing (but only 2 ribs is $16). I also loved the eggplant fritti (so much that I got it twice!). A recommendation: watch what booze you order (unless you're drinking beer). My standard cocktail (Bluecoat gin with soda) ran me $11.00 a glass, when I get them everywhere else in Phila. for $5 - $8. When I got the bill and had to throw in $44 + tax/tip just for booze, I was a little cranky! The service is quick, friendly, and knowledgeable (and they have a knack for 'recommending' the most expensive items :) ). I went for my birthday and we ordered 2 desserts, and they brought us a third dessert complimentary... that was nice, it's always fun to get something for free, but it would have been cool to comp us one of the things we already ordered instead... because we couldn't eat 3 desserts so left behind some of the dessert we DID pay for. Anyway, the food is good and the ambiance is nice too... my boyfriend called it "A better version of The Industry" (in Pennsport).... that's about right! I look forward to returning and sampling some things I didn't get to try yet.SO excited we finally tried this place! We have been dying to and were NOT disappointed in the slightest.
Made a reservation for 630 but made sure to stop over during happy hour for their specials! House wines were terrific for $6 (Chardonnay on tap as well as a light bodied red) and we got the pretzels with spicy beer cheese for half price during happy hour too (split between 3 of us).
For dinner we had the poutine to start (with pork gravy and cheese curds...don't be scared it was amazeeeee) then I had the pigs pot pie and my boyfriend had the swordfish BLT (with salt and vinegar chips...WOW!). The menu items looks intimidating to me a little bit but everything was incredible - the waitress highly recommended everything we got and was spot on! And to finish we got the homemade choco taco for dessert YUM!!! 
Our waitress was super helpful and I think they are all very knowledgable about the menu so they can help guide you. And we sat outside which was so nice! Definitely worth revisiting in the future!This place felt very hip and fun in as the atmosphere. If you love anything pig, you will def love this place. But as for anything else they have a nice upper scale bar food menu. They got a few nice vegan options on there. The only entree one could get was their veggie burger. It was very delicious and tasted mostly of beets but def not worth the price! 12 bucks and all you get is a side of potato chips.Awesome happy hour specials! Delicious food. You can order apps by number of pieces, like 3 oysters, which is handy so you can try a lot in one sitting but still have room for a meal. Had the duck sandwich and it did not disappoint. Great atmosphere and waitstaff as well. Definitely one of my favorites now!Steve is the worlds best sommolier/mixologist/beer specialist and overall great guy.  The food is great and the booze is fantastic but it takes a great group of people to create and atmosphere..  Steve is the just the front man but he makes you feel like a friend and he has opened up his own home.  Mark V.  has a huge hit on his hands and its in karge oart due to Steve.  Be back soon....More BEER!I've been to Alla Spina a number of times and it never disappoints. The food is incredible. Pig pot pie, fried chicken, and the poutine are some of my favorites. Make sure you try the eggplant fritti -- I never knew eggplant could taste so good. Outside of the food, the atmosphere is fitting for the neighborhood with a industrial/rustic vibe. The service is top notch... And tonight I noticed Marc Vetri expediting dinner service.  I love the bars copper taps and the open kitchen. Plenty of beer options to choose from. For dessert, try the beer milkshakes. I highly recommend!Just  had dinner there tonight, and it didn't disappoint! We lucked out to be there when they were celebrating their one-year anniversary, so we got $1 beers (Victory Hundred Horse) that were fantastic and $1 dogs (mortadella sausages) that were delicious.
Most of the items we tried were good: grilled zucchini, pretzel bites, pickle plate, beef carpaccio, roasted baby pig's head. At $16, the deep fried snails were overpriced and nothing special, somewhat bland even. And several reviews mention that the food overall is too salty, which I can understand. My wife got a framboise beer milkshake, quite a winner.
Tip: the valet parking is right outside of Osteria, which is a half block farther north on Broad Street. Special kudos to the parking attendant who brought the cell phone I left on my dashboard and delivered it to the restaurant hostess for me. Above and beyond!I came here awhile back, opening night to the public in fact when Vetri tweeted OpenTable was running snagged a 7PM seat.  I was excited.
To save a long story certain menu items ranged from boring (pretzels) to blah (pig sticks, poutine) to really freakin good (veal milanese).  The food gives it a 2.5 overall.
Now to the rest, and something to be considered here.  Drinks - cool, if you're into Italian and other offbeat brews.  Decor - really cool place inside other than the corny bell.  I hate the bell.  4 stars for drinks and interior.
In the end it's somewhere cool for a drink, a couple bites but don't be expected to be blown away.  Don't judge next to Vetri, Amis because you will be let down.  Just go and have fun...3.5 stars but willing to try again.great food, amazing service, very chill atmosphere. would definitely come back again.  pork cheek bruschetta, beer chicken pannini, and donut bread pudding were all amazing.  pretzels and cheese sauce were just okay.FROM THE TAP!
This place is awesomeness from the design to the food. But the food is so good it makes it even more awesome.
First off off get here early if you can and take advantage of the happy hour menu. That way you can try all the cured meats (salumi) in single serving and not have to order each one separately (which you will). Plus the porcini deviled eggs and the negroni on tap! Start with happy hour and transition into the dinner! A couple dozen oysters shouldn't hurt either.
On to dinner! We had the special which now I can not remember but it was good, along with the Bone marrow (do I need to explain how good the bone marrow was) the Maple Glazed Fried Chicken with Beef Fat Fries which was mouth watering it was so good and the Crespelle della Mamma Pina pasta dish.
Yes it was a lot of food even for 4 of us, but we ate everything and loved it. The chef owner even stopped by and chatted with us bit this place was great.I want to give to Alla Spina more stars, but I really can't. I live close by and have been here many times. I like to have a beer at the bar, but the food just doesn't cut it. It's inconsistent and usually just not that good. The bar and the interesting space are the only things keeping Alla Spina from being a disaster. I enjoy Vetri's other spots - especially Amis and Osteria - but he can't seem to get this right.Why on earth would I give Alla Spina four stars...teetering on five stars? Is it because I'm totally in love with Marc Vetri? Is it because I'm really unreasonably happy that Broad street is getting a makeover? Is it because Alla Spina is within walking distance of Fairmount/Art Museum? 
...eh while all of those things are true, none of those are the reason(s) that Alla Spina is bordering on becoming my favorite gastropub in Philly.
The beer menu is quirky. Bottles come from all countries: Belgium, Italy (yeah...Italians do beer apparently), Russia, America, Germany, Scotland, Jupiter...The tap is a rotating selection of similar origins. From the dark, frothy and domestic (an American port) to the light, airy and foreign (any Italian saison), any beer connoisseur is sure to have his palate pleased. 
The food offered isn't quite Osteria quality, but for a gastropub, it outshines greasy french fries and overcooked hamburgers any day. The pretzels with beer cheese are an absolute standout - the cheese is perfectly fondue-d, sharp and creamy without tasting too boozy. The pretzel bites are fat, crisp and warm on the outside, and soft and fluffy on the inside. They're drizzled with just enough salt to appease your thyroid.
The sun chokes with sea-salt offer an acceptably "healthy" alternative to french-fries-cum-tater-tots made with a root texture. Dip these in the beer cheese instead of the catsup (catsup...Marc...really?)
Alla Spina doesn't get five stars because the Crespelle wasn't Vetri standards. It tasted more like something Mamma Pina stuck in the microwave a day after making it. 
But DAMN: if you're not in the mood for food, get some of Alla Spina's ice cream dessert. The special sundae made with fiordilatte soft serve (that tastes exactly like primo gelato with a soft serve texture) topped with carmelized crispy pretzel bites and served with two strips of chocolate covered bacon could not have been more delicious. 
No seriously, the beer infused soft serves at this place are enough to entice me to venture out on a hot summer day, grab a beer and some ice cream and call it a meal.I've been to Alla Spina twice, and I'm a fan. Its a refreshing take on the Gastropub with a focus on Italian. The selection of Italian beers is pretty amazing. I really had no idea there was Italian microbrew scene before coming to Alla Spina. That said, the Italians need to do a lot of work before their beers can compare to the Belgians. 
You can come here and drink cheaply, but if you go with the more obscure stuff its typically $12 for a draft beer, which is pretty high. I would rather pay $12 for a good beer rather than $12 for an obscure average beer, but I apreciate that they just didn't do the obvious and load the bar up with Belgians and high end IPA.  
The menu is mostly small plates and is always evolving and adventurous. The oysters are always great, and I'm a big fan of the baked mussels. The last time we were here I had the sausage cheesesteak which was out of this world. A pretzel roll and italian sausage covered in beer cheese. 
The service is professional and attentive, and I don't think there was song played that wasn't on my ipod.The best cheesesteak in the world! It's not a cheesesteak in the traditional sense (soft roll, thin steak & cheese of choice) but instead their own take on a cheesesteak: Italian sausage, beer cheese & a pretzel roll. It's quite delicious, probably my favorite sandwich in town. 
Also, the fried chicken is nothing short of amazing. I went to Chicago and had the alleged "best fried chicken in America", which actually turned out to be the second best fried chicken in America, after Alla Spina's.
Get both and share with a friend. 
All the other food is great too, nothing there I don't love. Every entree, starter & dessert (try their own version of the Choco taco) is fantastic.Great for happy hour! I did $1 oysters and $6 wine on tap while waiting for my sister to get out of work. It was slow on a Friday night for hh but the staff is nice and the food that was coming out of the kitchen looked great. A little off the beaten path but both the bar and restaurant are big and it's a good place for a group dinner.We went for a beer week event, which was awesome but, other than having beers that came from Alla Spina's taps, had nothing to do with their menu.  Because of the event, it was crowded, which made it noisy and the acoustics made it hard to hear my fellow diners.
Food: Delicious.  Seriously.  Crunchy and crispy and savory in all the right ways.  I give three stars because while the mushrooms and zucchini were insanely flavorful (amazing what the final squeeze of lemon juice, pat of butter, and sprinkle of salt will do to a dish!), they were super oily.  Like, 1/4" of olive oil in the bottom of the dish oily.  Everyone loved everything they got, but I wasn't a huge fan of the pretzels--they didn't seem that special.  
Beer list: awesome.  Very sexy tap set up in the middle of the bar, too.  Prices slightly higher than for the same beers at bars nearby, but not Rittenhouse Square higher.  
The bar crowd was all ages--young uns' barely old enough to drink rubbing elbows with folks old enough to be their parents.  Saw a couple parents come in with teen children and sit in the restaurant.  It started to feel like a nightclub by the time we left around 9.
Decor: industrial chic.  Graffiti on the walls, concrete and corrugated metal, but classy experience.
Service: pretty attentive.  Our waiter forgot one dish but brought it right out when we reminded him.  
Dessert:  no idea.  Too full to contemplate.
Will definitely go back.Went for the FLX Weinery pop-up and it was phenomenal! Alla Spina needs to add the fried Nutella to the regular menu and they'll make us regulars!I'd have to give Alla Spina 3.5 stars.  My first visit there was awesome.  We had delicious drinks in celebration of my boyfriend passing his CFA Level 3.  Very creative cocktails and an extensive beer list.  Not to mention, the atmosphere is absolutely gorgeous!
However, our 2nd visit was for dinner with a good friend.  The service was very awkward.  We were seated next to the cash register when there was plenty of nicer seating elsewhere.  My friend was late and we were hassled by the server for drinks every 5 minutes before she arrived.  Kind of annoying. 
We ordered a few appetizers:  the pretzels were great, the deviled eggs were ok, the eggs/bacon/toast was aight.  For dinner I had the potato gnocchi and it was honestly inedible.  Potato with cream sauce and corn on top.  Not exactly what I expected.  We also had dessert...the strawberry jelly roll was absolutely delicious!
So all in all, I would NOT come back to this place for dinner.  Maybe a drink or two and light apps.  It's far too expensive for much more.  But I do hear the brunch is good, so I really want to give it one more chance.Came here on a date and ordered drinks, the crispy pig tails, and the wings. 
We didn't know whether or not to get the regular seasoned wings or the buffalo ones, but were told we could get half a half. The wings were so small, it was pathetic. They were whole wings, with both parts of the wing, and were still so tiny. The seasoned wings were absolutely flavorless. 
The drink I got was way too sweet and wasn't boozy at all. I don't remember the name of it, but I couldn't stand it and my date had to finish it. 
I don't know what I expected the crispy pig tails to be, but perhaps I thought they would look like pig tails...meaning curly. Well, they weren't curly and the "tails" I think were just one tail. It was an extremely small dish, paired with a strange and uncomplimentary agredocle. I wanted to try something odd and unique and it just wildly underwhelming. I won't be back...at all.Went to the beer dinner last night that coupled the crew from Chicago's trendy (and good) The Publican with  chefs here and featured - to my great delight - really good beers from Victory, including the barrel-age Red Thunder and a new beer brewed with chestnuts, Hundred Horse - excellent!  The food pairings were delicious, if a bit precious (following the current trend of mentioning lots of ingredients for each dish).  Each course offered a duet of dishes, one designed and cooked by the guests from Chicago, the other from the host - a splendid idea that brought out studies in contrast such as Alla Spina's escarole "wedge salad" with blue cheese, pan fried pig's head, gnocchi fritti and the Publican's fried clams with fennel pollen aioli, artichoke and pee tendrils, or "Pizzoccheri" buckwheat pasta shells stuffed with Taleggio, cabbage, and brown butter countered by smoked lamb and pork belly sausage with chocolate persimmons roasted apples and brussels sprouts.  You get the idea.
Service was very attentive, solicitous and nice and the evening was a delightful experience, save for the decibel levels that seemed to rival a departing jet engine. Oh well, with the music, the tv screens and the boisterous guests, it made for a lively atmosphere.  The calming presence of the serene, friendly, amazingly knowledgeable, and affable beverage director SW made everything just right.One of our favorite bars in the city. Food is great and beers are reasonably priced compared to similar quality gastropubs. For dinner you can't go wrong with the north Philly cheesesteak or swordfish BLT. My wife loves the veggie burger and after having a bite I agree it tastes like a real burger. Desserts are always great including the homemade choco taco.Excellent food, exciting menu and great service in a casual environment with reasonable prices. While Osteria is my favorite Vetri restaurant, Alla Spina is my go-to spot to bring people, since it's more accessible (and has a great beer selection!)Came for the happy hour and order the chicken wings (garlic parmesan) there was no flavor to the chicken. 
The drinks, ambience, and the service was so nice! I'll go back with friends for drinks only. I can only give a 3 because I actually like to eat. 
I loved the indoor outdoor seating and sliding open windows/doors! 
How I rated
2 stars food - 0
2 stars service - 2
1 star ambience - 1I am a big fan of all things Vetri (I have yet to write a review for Amis because it is my favorite restaurant in Philly and there are just too many things to say), so I wanted to go to Alla Spina since it opened, even though I never used to be a big fan of pork products (which their menu revolves around). 
The first time I went to Alla Spina, we sat at the chef's counter and it was pretty cool to be able to watch everyone work. We obviously ordered the pretzels, which were delivered in an adorable wooden pig with beer cheese - amazing. I was going to be safe and order the gnocchi, but something in my gut told me to go for the sausage cheesesteak (even though I never really loved sausage that much). The girl I was with ordered the gnocchi and loved it - it was good, but boy did I make the right decision in going with my gut. The sausage cheesesteak came on a pretzel roll and it was to die for. Extremely tasty, especially with a blonde lager. We also got an order of the beef fat french fries which were a perfect addition. The choco taco for dessert is a must.
The second time I went here, we made a last minute reservation on open table for 8:45 on Saturday night and I don't think we were actually sat until around 9:45, which kind of sucked because we were starving. There were quite a few other people waiting for their reservations as well, so maybe they should take a look at their process. While we waited, we ordered some Allagash Whites (fav) at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and attentive. Once we were seated, it was in the lounge area - lower seats and coffee table settings. We didn't mind sitting here because there is a tv and like I said, we were starving and didn't want to wait for a regular table. I couldn't help but order the sausage cheesesteak again and it was just as good as it was the first time. One of my friends ordered the fried chicken and the other ordered the beef tenderloin - both good, but they were both jealous of my meal. The sausage cheesesteak is definitely the best bang for your buck here - I was very full once we left. 
Overall, I haven't had a complaint about Alla Spina other than the long wait on Saturday night, but it was a Saturday night so I guess it should be expected. The atmosphere is great, the decor is fun, and the staff is very friendly. I know that the next time I go I am going to have to order something other than the cheesesteak and I'm sure I will enjoy it. I also think this is the perfect place to head to on a weeknight and just chill at the bar and order some apps and beers.We went to Alla Spina yesterday for brunch, in a city where it is difficult to get into the really good brunch places without a wait, Alla Spina is a hidden gem.  We arrived at about 10:45 and were immediately seated, the restaurant wasn't that crowded and they had the garage doors open because it was nice outside.  We started off with some drinks including the coffee which is very good and strong, which is something that I am a fan of.  We started off with the donuts misto which is comprised of 3 housemade donuts, that morning it was chocolate glazed, a bavarian cream donut, and an apple fritter.  All three were fantastic and we will definitely get them again.  For the mains we got the steak and eggs, which comprised of steak on top of gorgonzola scrambled eggs and the testina hash poutine, which was 2 eggs overeasy with poutine on top, underneath was pig's head with mozzarella curds and french fries.  Definitely one of the more satisfying meals that I have a had in a while and this is a perfect cold weather breakfast I can tell you that.  We love going to Green Eggs and Sabrina's because they are close and cheap but there is always the act of trying to get there early enough to minimize the wait.  I would rather drive 10 minutes to Alla Spina and walk in whenever and just be able to sit right down.  The prices are reasonable and the food is great, here's to hoping that Alla Spina's brunch stays a hidden gem.Dining in Philadelphia on a recent family trip, I had my work cut out for me. I needed to find a restaurant that had a good craft beer selection for my dad, but wasn't too bar-y for my sober brother, and served good food for myself, my sister, and my mom... all at a reasonable price and a good location. Luckily, Alla Spina met all of the criteria! We were early for our reservation but it was still on the early side of dinnertime so we were quickly seated. My dad and I each found a good local beer to order. My sister couldn't find anything appealing that she hadn't already tried previously and our waiter worked hard to try to find something for her (unfortunately, we couldn't find anything - but that wasn't a problem at all). 
The food was delicious. I ordered the fish sandwich and it was so yummy. The side salad could have had smaller leaves, or cut them up or something, but I loved the vinaigrette dressing and it was neither too much nor too little. Everyone was very satisfied with their food, with my dad even wrapping up his leftovers and carting them around for the next 2 hours while we walked all over creation.A frIend and I went here on a whIm. To start, the pretzels were amazing. I ordered the swordfish BLT but was disappointed! The sandwich, while tasty was very, very oily. The must've brushed the bread with olive oil before toasting and that  combined with oily swordfish and what tasted like pesto, the whole thing was a greasy gross mess. My friend ordered the veggie lasagne which consisted of 2 strips of pasta with overcooked eggplant in between.Tim is a rockstar. 
We went here for our first time last Tuesday. The draft/bottle list is better than most places with a solid food menu. (Typically you're comprising one or the other at bars in philly..) Tim was awesome for dealing with customers like us. We work closely in the beer community and are extremely picky. Long story short - He gave us the hookup. He knows beer, and even treated us to some apps that we were wary of. 
Food and service deserve 10 stars.
The only reason for 4 overall on yelp is due to one bottle that we were interested in...which was out of date. No bigs. Just a heads up to the spina folk! 
We'll see you & mr. Tim very very soon!We had a little bit of everything here. It was all pretty good, but some plates were better than others. I would definitely recommend the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and for an appetizer the pretzels were pretty tasty with the beer cheese dip. Service was good and friendly. Will be back in the future.I've been to Alla Spina a few times now and love it.  After reading some reviews of the food I decided to go will all sides an apps and it was a smart choice they were all excellent.  Although my friends who got main meals seemed to love there food as well.  The oyster mushrooms trifolati is a must get for mushroom lovers.  I don't typically get dessert out but my friend convinced me to split the donut bread pudding and it was great.
As for the bar I love the u shape there a decent amount of seats, stand room is minimum but there is section you could stand in if you were in a larger group looking to mingle.  The beer section is awesome and they have wine on tap.  There is a unique pub mix on the bar which is pretty taste.
My dodgeball team came after our game one night for some drink and it happened to be industry night and they were nice enough not to kick us out.  But after seeing how they cleared away the table and turned part of the restaurant into a dance floor I am going to have to make it back here on a weekend at some point, I think every time I've been has been a week night or happy hour.While this may be one of the lesser talked about of Mark Vetri's restaurants, it is the most satisfying and adventurous. It's a great spot for happy hour and don't miss the poutine, the deviled eggs, and the parmesan chicken wings. The pig pot pie was the best pot pie we've ever tasted. And make sure to try the Quattro Pazzo beer cocktail.I love this place. It is one of the best restaurants I have ever been too. The highlight of the menu is the Poutine, but I haven't had anything I don't like here. The mortadella burger, the sausage cheesesteak, the pretzels and cheese-It's all just so good. I highly recommend this restaurantSo on my first night in phili, I came here with my friends after we had dinner in chinatown.  Not that this place was of the beaten path, but its kinda of tucked in a little corner off one of the smaller streets.  I thought this place was a great little find that my friends have been coming here for years.  We sat at the bar since we were here primarily for the drinks.  What I really like about the place was their variety of stouts and dark beers.  I tried the sweet sampler which came with a flight of three of the stouts.  I remember they had funny names, I think one was called a moo-hoo which was a chocolate stout, the second was an oatmeal stout, and the third was an expresso stout.  All three were very good but becuase all the beers were very full body in flavor, it was hard to distinguish the suttle flavor notes after awhile.  Another drink that one of my friends got was a beer milkshake.  Now usually im not a big dairy fan but the blend of the two flavors actually complimented each other.  It was a totally unique drink combination.
Now i know this is a little stupid but i really liked the fact that they had coat hooks under the bar in front of each chair.  Since im from cali, you usually dont thnk of those kind of things.  I totally missed the point at first when I was trying to find a place to put my jacket, until I asked one of my friends what they did with theirs.I always liked this place. The food is good and I love the venue. I been here a few times and never had a complaint. I had there sausage cheese steak recently and I could eat 2 more of those. I like that they change up the menu every so often.Gastro Pub sums it up.  If you dream it, Alla Spina makes it.  If it's good for your body, look somewhere else.  If it contains pork fat, it's on the menu here.  I wouldn't have known that going in, thinking instead it was some sort of Italian place.  But I was pleased with what we got.  They have a nice beer selection and the decor is inviting.  It's very upscale industrial chic.  If you gripe about the prices, remember you are paying for flavor not portion size.  Everything I tried was delicious and stuffed with flavor.  The fact of the matter is it has something for everyone.  I even went back on a night during lent when I coudln't eat meat and was able to pick out some fantastic fish dishes and vegitarian-esqe portions.  I put it at 3 stars cause its not a place I'd frequent, but certainly does it's thing well.What a night. Two friends and I came for happy hour and we were treated to the loveliest of evenings. From the hostess to the servers to the runners to the manager, everyone was amazing. They even greeted my dog with kindness. Our server, Lauren, was a delight.  She had recommendations that were fantastic and was extremely accommodating. When it started to rain she insisted on moving us to a table under the roof so I could stay with my dog. The food was incredible. As a pescatarian, I couldn't believe how many options I had to choose from. There is an entire menu section devoted to non-meat eaters, placed directly next to the section for carnivores. I couldn't recommend Alla Spina more. From the food to the service, our experience has been phenomenal. Vetri does it again.Once upon a time...ah screw it. I'm going to go ahead and skip to the moral of the story. Come here for dinner and get the maple glazed fried chicken. This dish was so good that I ate it twice in one week. My mouth is watering as I write this and my third trip is going to happen sooner than it should. All three pieces of chicken were juicy dark meat with a sweet maple glaze. Hidden underneath this glorious fried chicken were cheese-y mashed potatoes. I'd be there for brunch more often if they started selling this fried chicken on a waffle (hint, hint). Nothing else really matters, because as long as this dish exists, I'll be at Alla Spina and you should be too.Alla spina is a fun place to go for happy hour or for an interesting Italian craft beer, of which there is a great selection and probably the best in the city.
They have negroni on tap, which are amazing if you like them, and the bellini's are made with real peach juice and are fantastic.
The service was good and our server was friendly and informed.
The food was okay- we ordered five things- 
deviled eggs were great, pretty standard but a nice twist with the porcini
scallop crudo which was delicious in some sort of peachy citrus sauce
kale salad with provolone, which was disappointing, I usually enjoy raw kale for it's bitterness and and bite.  This was a small bed of kale with some slices of provolone on it, nothing special, and did not really deliver.
pig trotter involtini had good flavor but were also kind of a let down.  There were two pieces of bibb lettuce and honestly  there was so little meat on them it wasn't worth 8 bucks.
lastly, the pork belly and melon salad was really, really good and in retrospect we should have skipped most of the other stuff and ordered three of those.
Beautiful combo of cantaloupe, honeydew, and slow cooked crispy-on-the outside pork belly with a mint and citrus sauce.  
Drinks were great, but we only like 3 out of 5 things ordered.  We'll try it again though for more substantial food.Such a cool bar. The entire interior has such a cool vibe, with the graffiti walls. It is definitely a fun place. They serve in beer in glasses with stems, like wine glasses! :)  The beer is always great. Their food is great and if you feel adventerous, there are plenty of options. Try the mortadella hot dog. 
It's Vetri... of course it is awesome!We came here a few hours after the broad street run with a large group after calling ahead to make sure they could seat us and were pleasantly surprised when they had a table available. The layout of the restaurant is very cool, we sat above the bar overlooking the restaurant, so I got to eye what everyone else was eating below before making any decisions. The menu has a lot of interesting takes on classic brunch items, I couldn't decide which I wanted to try! As a die hard fan of any kind of Reuben, I had the duck confit Reuben. The rye bread was probably my favorite part -it was so thick! Almost like it was baked as a loaf of french bread. With that being said, the sandwich was a tad on the dry side. I definitely want to go back and try some of the other items I was left stuck deciding between.
Overall, great atmosphere, robust beer list, and a great place to get together with friends! Not too loud, but still a lively vibe.The food was ok, I guess. We ended up getting the lamb poutine (not enough cheese curd to be called poutine), the pretzels (lukewarm cheese sauce, kinda stale pretzels. We were given a complimentary order of the pig's head bruschetta, which was the highlight of the meal. 
The HUGE error/drawback/disappointment was the fact that despite showing up at 6pm, despite the fact that it was Father's Day, they had sold out out multiple menu items by the time we have arrived. 
Protip Alla Spina: Plan accordingly! Did you not expect a lot of people on Father's Day? Did you not make enough for a day on which you are open until midnight? 
Pathetic. I expect way better from a Vetri restaurant.Had a reservation for 8 on Friday night, confirmed by telephone.  We were there on time but our table wasn't ready. After waiting 30 minutes, we were going to order some appetizers at the bar, but were assured the table was almost ready. 25 minutes later we were finally seated. Not a great start.  Also odd: the bar tender described the cask beer, a Belgian dark beer, which sounded great so I ordered a pint.  It came in a small, fluted glass, not a pint glass.
The menu is ecclectic, not Italian. It's difficult to put together a coherent meal. They offer oysters, pigs heads, pigs tails, baked pasta and fried chicken. The wine list is pathetic. Everything we ordered was OK, but no one said "wow, you have to try this."  
Bottom line: if you want Oysters, go to the Oyster House on Sansom Street. If you want fried chicken, try the Silk City Diner. If you want great pasta, head to South Philly. 
Straw that broke the camel's back: friends at another table bought us a round of drinks but the server never came over and told us, or asked us what type of drinks we would like. When our check arrived, we asked about the free round of drinks and the server said the manager simply removed the charge for drinks we had already ordered. We looked at the bill again but didn't see any evidence that drinks had been removed.I came here on Thursday for my graduation dinner.  I was so excited as I'd always wanted to check this place out, and this was the perfect opportunity.  We found parking right out front, and were seated right away.  The decor looked pretty crappy online, but I found it to be shabby-chic.  It definitly had a clean heir of elegance to it... which sounds funny talking about spray painted corrugated steel, but trust me... it feels good.
We ordered some drinks and they came out quickly.  Our waitress was incredibly helpful.  As a vegetarian, at a restaurant that is a pig place, she did a great job alerting me if I was straying into territory that I shouldn't be dabbling in (i.e. donut bread pudding).  
For appetisers, we split the kale and parmasean, porcini deviled eggs, and the zucchini.  Of these, I would skip the zucchini as it wasn't particularly memorable compared to the others, but it still was delicious!  The deviled eggs and kale, however, were game stoppers.  SO delicious.
I had the gnocchi with gorgazola fonduta as my entree.  It was ok.  When I'm told my pasta has gorgonzola in it, I'm prepared for some hefty flavor, but I didn't taste the gorgonzola in the sauce at all.  That was a bit of a bummer.  I loved that the gnocchis were pan fried and light and pillowy.  
For desert we split the apple strudel and the blueberry yogurt.  Same issue with the yogurt as with my fonduta sauce.  Blueberry flavor was pretty light... but the ice cream was delicious.  I had a few bites of the apple strudel and it too was pretty amazing, and the whipped cream was amazing.
I'd come back here... I wouldn't come running, but I'd try it again soon.Portion sizes are perfect, the beer cocktails are delicious, the beer list is impressive and the decor is fantastic. Come here and eat the great and daring food combinations and you'll be a fan too!Came here last night with a friend. We were in late, and I have worked in restaurants before so I know that can be annoying. The staff was pleasant and didn't seem to mind the time. 
I had the polenta, pretzels, and pig pot pie. I was in a comfort food mood and all of my choices were excellent. The pot pie was a little salty, but didn't stop me from enjoying it.
All in all, great service and food.I'm giving Alla Spina 2 stars for the interesting space and attentive staff. The food - meh. Looks a lot better than it tastes. We went for brunch today, got the smoked salmon salad and tiramisu french toast. The salmon was drenched in a bland yet odd tasting dressing and the tiramisu french toast was far too eggy and uncooked inside, but burned on the outside. And the unsweetened dollop of mascarpone on the top was just not right. I was expecting sweet deliciousness but was so sadly disappointed. I are three bites and left the whole dish there. We didn't even take home leftovers. We also had the doughnut misto and brown sugar bacon. They were both ok, nothing special actually. Overall way overpriced for brunch. I'm willing to shell out for awesome food, but this missed the mark. Maybe the happy hour is worth it, but I won't be bothered to find out. We won't go here again.We wanted to like this spot a little more. We love the idea of the Vetri Foundation, and we especially love the idea that the Spring Garden/North Broad area is getting a little love.
Situated next to the also new Route 6, by Steven Starr, one gets the idea that this is a little area on the move.
Our Bartender at Alla Spina was very knowledgeable and seemed genuinely proud of his new home.
We had a flight of beers as listed on the specials chalkboard... (is three beers a flight? - Also- should it be 14 smackers?) But the 3 tastes were well matched and enjoyable.
Moving on to the appetizers- a mixed bag. Portions seem small for the price- but the sulumeria (Ported over from Vetri we were told) was first rate.
As an entree, the mortadella hot dog was just great.
We finished with a soft serve topped with bacon- yes bacon decadence atop ice creamy goodness.
Given the high level of service, the unique and very engaging interior, I'm sure that once the prices and offerings fall more into balance, we'll be headed back.
Like many others that have posted here- our takeaway is, like some newly tapped kegs- Alla Spina a currently more froth than beer.The best summary of my experience at Alla Spina is: "There's nothing not to like about the place." 
The zucchini was tasty. I can't believe I've never paired zucchini and basil before! The pig tails were enjoyable - any self-respecting carnivore should give them a try. They're sort of like chicharrones, but on the tailbone and served with a sweet & sour marmalade. The lamb speck was nice. Sliced cured lamb, with bread, butter and horseradish. 
There's a good sized bar with ample seating. My companion enjoyed some prosecco while I stuck to beer. They had a great beer selection ranging from barleywine to a couple of high-end stouts to Brawler. Critiques about the pours are amateur beer drinkers' complaints. Varying serving sizes and glassware according to beer strength, style (and sometimes even brewery) is standard. 
The staff was on point. It's new, so the proverbial best foot is forward. There was a heavy management presence throughout the restaurant. I counted at least five suits roaming about. Several members of the staff were ever-present, clearing plates and keeping our glasses full. We were also fortunate enough that the large exterior doors were open allowing for us to enjoy the temperate spring air in the dining room.
If graffiti is your thing, the place is decked out in it. The two-tops in the dining room are pretty tight but not uncomfortable. Hopefully your neighbors are friendly and will enhance your dining experience, as ours did. It also makes it easy to scope out some of the other dishes on the menu. The desserts and beer cocktails look intriguing. 
If they maintain their current standards, Alla Spina will no doubt prove to be a popular place and a destination of mine for outings to come.
P.S. - Dyson Airblades in the can. Always a nice touch.