The food, while over-priced for takeout, is very good. I love the food, but usually get indian food or something similar elsewhere because it's more affordable. Two vegetarian platters will cost you about $28. It's not really a place that you want to sit and eat dinner because it's small and not very atmospheric. I will definitely go here again when I get a craving for Ethiopian food, but it would be nicer if the food was better priced OR the atmosphere was better for a dine-in experience.I was just here on 3/19/2011 with a large group. We called ahead of time and the owners were very nice and accommodating. They gave us the whole upstairs for a surprise party. And were friendly squeezing past us to bring food and take orders. And he kept checking on us to make sure we had everything we need.
I do suggest sharing food since you get a lot.
The food is good and they have a lot of variety. I would have probably liked my beef cooked a little longer, but everything is tender. They give you lots of Enjera (bread) to eat it with. It's BYOB so your party can bring their own wine and they will give you glasses.
The dessert is great!! I wasn't sure if I wanted a cake (chocolate cake) for the surprise party so I didn't order one, but he made one anyway - and good thing because we decided to get it. It was very tasty.
It's a block north on 20th street from 20th and Walnut. Parking is available on the street; and if you go before the club hoppers come out you can probably get a nice spot.Service = 4
Cleanliness = 3
Food = 3.5
Value = 4
(DISCLAIMER: My standard for Ethiopian food is the Blue Nile in Ferndale, Michigan. I have yet to meet a restaurant that can come near it in quality. My bar is high!!)
The restaurant is cozy and the layout is odd. Not great for big parties. It looks a bit run down which is OK for a "hole in the wall" vibe.
The service was fine but slow. I'm not sure why since the place was empty the whole time we were there.
The bathroom is tiny. The door does not close all the way. Because you use your hands to eat, it's important that they're clean. I didn't get that feeling because you have to touch so many surfaces just to navigate the bathroom. Hand sanitizer! (The Blue Nile brings wash cloths to your table.)
We ordered the vegetable sampler + chicken tips. The food was just OK to us. It was great to have Ethiopian but we have had better in terms of flavor and freshness. We took some home but didn't eat leftovers.
This was our 1st try. My hubs is a 3-try proponent so we may be back when we're in town.The vegetarian combo is the best here! Plus the owners are so friendly. This is my favorite Ethopian food in all of Philly.Friendly staff, and good food.  Not amazing, but good and at a fair price.  I came here for the Ethiopian food, so I can't comment on the coffee shop aspect.Don't let the atmosphere, or lack of, deter you. The service of the owner/chef is welcoming and friendly and the food is well done and tasty!I love this place :-)
Delicious food, very friendly, little hole in the wall. Meat is tender, not over cooked or dried out, spices are awesome.
I also got a butterscotch shake, very good, not over sweet.A true gem for vegetarians -- and their omnivorous companions -- in Rittenhouse Square! 
Almaz is like a chameleon.  They serve up serious Turkish coffee during the morning commute, American style wraps for the working lunch crowd, and deliver an authentic menu of Ethiopian delights for those in-the-know.  I'm not an expert on Ethiopian cuisine, but I am always extremely satisfied with Almaz's vegetarian sampler platter.  The dish has a beautiful array of colors, and the portion size is enough for two meals.  The injera is tangy and chewy with enough holes to sop up all the juices of your meal.  
The dine-in space is tiny and the second floor dining area presents some accessibility issues, but if you're lucky enough to snag a seat you're in for a treat.  Friendly owners and staff will help guide you through the menu if you're unfamiliar with Ethiopian food.  Perfect for a solo night out, or a gab fest with your besties.  I always appreciate the atmosphere here -- the smaller space feels intimate and is perfect for catching up with friends.Best ethiopian food in Philly.  This is a tiny cafe with good service and no ambiance.I Haven't had the food here yet but the coffee and iced coffee is delicious. The cookies are dangerously good and I can't help buying a few every time I stop in. Do yourself a favor and never go to saxbys again- walk 20 feet and get this superior coffee. Also- Almaz is super friendly!The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because it was my first time tasting Ethiopian food so I'm not an expert yet to give a final opinion. It was definitely a good meal, but I remember most is how nice and friendly the people who work there were to me and my boyfriend. The ice cream we got at the end was okay, nothing great, but I like the space and the atmosphere is pretty pleasant. I'd probably go back again and try something new.My very first time eating Ethiopian food. 
And I was not disappointed. Everything the had  a good spicy flavor. 
The chicken was tender and tasted fresh.
I'm not crazy about the bread, maybe I'm just not use to the texture is very strange and I'd imagine they be warm and not so cold.This place is an all-around class act. The owners are absolutely pleasant to deal with and they genuinely want you to enjoy your experience, whether it's your first time or tenth time enjoying the food of their native land. I've eaten here with a vegan friend, a meat eater (like myself) and others -- all have been satisfied with the variety of flavors found here.N and I went after reading rave reviews on yelp but I was truly disappointed. We went pretty late in the evening and were seated right in front of the toilet. The place was not as clean as I would have liked.
They had sink right behind the counter and I could smell the soap and bleach which almost killed my appetite. Food was ok but people were nice so, I guess that's a little something.I had the lamb tibs (slices of lamb) served with enjera bread and a side veggie sampler. The bread was fine and the veggies very good. The lamb was earthy and tasty, though at other Ethiopian restaurants the meat and the veggie dishes I've had have been ground, which makes them easier to scoop up with the bread (here just the veggie dishes are). I can't say I know which is more authentic though. Services was friendly, portions were fine, no liquor license (drag) but overall enjoyable. I love meat but I would recommend the veggie dishes here, what I had was very good.That vegetarian platter everyone is talking about on Yelp is worth the hype. It is absolutely delicious! And the lady who works here is so friendly and kind. 
The wrap is quite sour however, just as a warning to those who were expecting something like naan. It pairs well with the food though!The Ethiopian food was pretty good.  We got the vegetarian combo and the Doro Wat, my usual order at Ethiopian places.  The yellow lentils were so-so, but overall, really tasty and reasonably priced.  I think they are BYOB.  And the staff is super nice.(vegetarian / vegan review)
This is the best Ethiopian food I've eaten in a while, and definitely my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is tasty, fresh, and leaves me ready to dance, rather than sleep. The people are nice. The names of the smoothies are inspiring. :-)
Their vegetarian combination platter is great, and the foule (pronounced "fool") is fan-tastic. :-)  The portions are generous. My wife and I shared one of each, and ended up tearfully leaving some on the table.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it feels a little pricey (cost us over $20 for these two dishes, including tip, drinking just water - will try those smoothies another time!).
Highly, highly recommended.I absolutely love Ethiopian food, and I had high hopes for this, but sadly they fell short. It was so bland compared to all the other Ethiopian food I've ever had and it was also luke warm. I ordered the vegetarian platter and only 1 of the 4 options was palatable. Lovely staff, and a good smoothie, but I wouldn't recommend it and sadly I won't be returning.My girlfriend mentioned one night that she was craving some Ethiopian food and me, being a great listener, did a Yelp search and found this gem.
We ate there around 6:30pm on a Saturday night.  This place is quite cozy, but very small so seating IS limited.  The walls are painted bright, inviting colors and there was some light Jazz playing in the background.  We were greeted immediately by the owner, Almaz, and seated upstairs.
There are many options on the menu (breakfast, lunch, etc.), but we went for the Ethiopian dishes, hence the trip ("When in Rome").  I ordered the Fir Fir and my gal ordered the Doro Tibs.  We went with the family style option - our meals came out on one massive plate, laid on a giant piece of Enjera (Teff & wheat sourdough pancake).
When I say that is was a flavor-explosion in my mouth I am not exaggerating, not even slightly.  Our entrees were so tasty and the spread of different vegetables were just the right companion.  We decided to try some of the Ethiopian coffee afterwards and were equally delighted.  The Coffee was smooth and nutty and didn't even require sugar or creme.  Afterwards, even after eating so much, we didn't feel sluggish or bloated, but energized. 
During our meal our server was very attentive and the owner was always around and smiling.  I'm sure this place has a longer wait time on a busier night, but it is absolutely worth it.  We will be back for sure.  Thanks Almaz!The food was typical ethiopian food and tasted fine, but not too special. It's the big pancake type of spongy bread which is used to eat the meat chunks. I think we got diverting lamb and chicken. My major complaint would be the service speed. We were there on a Saturday and despite the few patrons in the restaurant, it took really long to get served and also to get our check. We also were not given enough napkins for the type of food. 
This place is a byo which is a plus.I went here a week ago and will definitely be going back.
I have been to a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in the past and always jump at the opportunity. As have been said in other reviews, it is a coffee shop/ restaurant. I would have to say the latte I got was just alright and not spectacular.
But the food was great. I got some spicy beef stew, which was comparable to my past experiences. The chef/owner was also quite a lovely and lively person to chat with. 
The only thing I would change: since I got my meal to go, the injera (bread) was quite soggy by the time I ate the meal. So next time I'd recommend packing the injera separate from the soup/stew.I LOVE this place! At first, I was a little weirded out that their menu was not entirely Ethiopian and included a lot of Western dishes. However, once I tried it, I was hooked! The veggie combo is incredible. Seriously, I order it at least once a week, sometimes more. I don't know what they do to their shiro, but it's amazing. However, if you order the shiro on its own, be sure to ask for no sour cream if you want it vegan. The people who work here are so friendly and nice. I truly love this place!This place has great Ethiopian food. We tried three different dishes and loved them all. The owner was really nice too. He gave us information on how to make our own Ethiopian food! It was a great experience both times we went. The cafe atmosphere was nice too.This is one of our go-to spots in the city.  The service is always great as is the food.  You will leave very full, as the portions are pretty big and the injera will fill you up.Food was pretty delicious. I ordered the vegetarian dish. The lady who took our orders was super nice which is always a plus for a restaurant. Big serving sizes, so you will get money worth of delicious food.Fantastic food with friendly, relaxed service in a so-so atmosphere.  There's no "Ethiopian" decor, really, but I guess that's fine as long as you're not expecting it.  Sit upstairs and enjoy the free wifi.  I met a Wharton student from Africa there and we had an interesting talk about race and politics in French.
The family who run the cafe are really sweet and there's a broad variety of non-Ethiopian dishes as well.  The food is wonderful and compares well to Ethiopian food I've had in San Francisco and Berkeley.  It is served with the traditional thin, sour bread.  The portion sizes are generous without being overwhelming, and the presentation is nice.
If you're traipsing around Center City and pass by Almaz, do stop in.I found this great BYOB on yelp and figured I'd give it a try. I've eaten at another Ethiopian restaurant in Univ. City- loved the food and hated the service. Almaz Cafe is the perfect combination of amazing food and incredible service. Almaz, herself, makes the food and lovingly brings it over. She also provides recommendations and adds her own little touch to the food.  Overall, it was an awesome experience and really well priced.Excellent real ethiopian food. The food is well value as well.  I got the excellent chicken dish and there was plenty of the special bread to wrap up the delicious food. The spices were great.  The food was warm and the people were friendly.  This place truly is a hidden gem.
I promise you, you won't be disappointed.Good place to hang out, have some coffee, use your laptop and do some work without being bothered. I'm not sure what coffee they brew, but it is strong and well made and so are their espresso based drinks. 3 stars only because the space is kind of cramped... whenever I walk up or down the stairs, I feel like I'm about to fall off of it.I hate to write a bad review of this place, but...
I've been here about three times and although the staff/owners are unbelievably sweet, the coffee and ambiance just aren't up to par.This my my very first experience with Ethiopian food, and it definitely made me want more! I ordered the ZilZil, an Iced Coffee, and after a filling meal Baklava to take home. Almaz has a nice atmosphere, was easy to find, and very friendly workers. Delicious food, I would highly recommend!Extremely friendly, nice owners/employees! Great Ethiopian food, good breakfast/brunch, great smoothies, great wraps, great center city location, free wifi, great place to study, cozy little cafe. The owners were so nice it really made me want to come back again! I have studied there for many hours at a time (while eating breakfast, snacks, and lunch) and the owners actually wanted to make sure that they were providing me a comfortable place to study, unlike many other cafes/coffee shops that would be giving dirty looks and wanting to kick you out for staying too long. Enjoy!Great Ethiopian food and BYOB spot. It's really small but a great place! The staff is very friendly and helpful. It's kind of a combination coffee house, sandwich shop, and Ethiopian BYOB. Really like this place!The worst food I have ever ate in my life, it was so bad that I downloaded the Yelp app to review it and to let everyone know how much of a rip off this place is.. The dam waiter says you can have lamp and chicken on your plate.. We said sure... Didnt tell us it was going to be extra..... The extra was18 dollars extra! Not only that the lamp we got was the worst kind.. I'm taking about pure fat peaces of the lamp and hard lumps of "something"  the chicken was like someone threw up in the bathroom This place is sooo expensive for absolutely nothing. MCDONALD'S HAS BETTER FOOD. stay awayI can't believe it's taken me three years to discover this gem of a place that is literally two blocks from my apartment! Why is it so great??
1. Authentic Ethiopian food - the beef stew is AMAZING. And the Injera is perfectly soft and fluffy, with that bit of acidity that makes it so characteristically Injera. When else can you go out for a nice dinner with friends and eat with your hands??
2. It's BYO. Do I need to say anything else?
3. LOCATION. No more trekking all the way to West Philly for Ethiopian food for me. 
4. Super friendly staff. They were really accommodating for parties too! Beware that the place is really small though, so avoid trying to bring in groups of more than 8-10.This place seems to have been reviewed out the wazoo!
I thought this was good, solid Ethiopian food, although it falls short of the best of the best.  The bread is on the tangy side, perhaps too much lemon juice on it?  Besides that I can't think of any concrete way to improve the food.  Location is very convenient...it's a pretty small space but they usually seem to have enough space.  Reasonably priced.  Very good vegetarian options!
I would gladly come back!Summary: great food, byob, coffee shop ambiance. 
Review: Almaz Cafe serves authentic and tasty Ethiopian food. Come with clean hands, as you will be sharing with your table and eating with your fingers. The food is great -- perfect level of spiciness and many interesting tastes. Because the place is byob, the total price stays low. 
Only downside is the ambiance. The room feels much more like a coffee shop than a restaurant. Of course, that might be because it is a coffee shop by day...Really good Ethiopian iced coffee and breakfast sandwiches.  Haven't tried the Ethiopian food but from what I've heard, I'd like to give it a try.  It's basically a cute little cafe.ditto what the other five-star-givers said.  I just had dinner here with a friend and we were greeted warmly, and they didn't hestiate to let us sit outside!  I feel like my friend and I served as an advertisement for the restaurant by sitting outside too because people passing by kept looking over at our food--which was amazing!  We both got the vegetarian sampler and cleaned our plates; I was very satisfied without feeling heavy, which I think is a good sign of quality cooking.  
Almaz is definitely disguised as a mere coffeehouse, but don't let that fool you.  Having been to Abyssinia in west philly and getting quality Ethiopian food only after enduring the snotty, rude, and sloooowww service there, I can honestly say that for any center-city denizens, there is no excuse to pass up Almaz if you're craving ethiopian.  no compromises at this gem of a place--It's quality Ethiopian food AND very personable, genuine, and timely service!
(as an addendum--I've come here several more times for dinner and the service/food are still just as great as the first.  I also came in once for sunday breakfast--I had a mad pancake craving but no energy to make them at home--and their pancakes were delicious and HUGE....I only barely got through half the plate!  is there ANYTHING they don't do well here???)This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and man oh man, it was amazing.  The portions were huge and there were a lot of choices.  I couldn't explain it or compare it to any other cuisine except to say that it was well seasoned with exotic spices.
The man that helped me was extremely polite, and informed me of my choices.  I had a delicious blueberry smoothie and a great cup of coffee.  Everything was so good, I tipped way beyond what I normally would, and the guy shook his head and tried to give it back!  He was probably the owner, but I refused to take it back... I don't care if he owns the place, the service and food was so good he deserved a tip!I've had Ethiopian food in DC, New York, and South Africa, and I can safely say this was the best injera I've ever had.  It's not too sour, while still very sponge-y and textured.  It compliments the deliciously flavorful food.
My friend and I shared the Firfir (beef cubes) and the vegetable combo and it was all great.  My only complaint was that the beef was a bit tougher than I would have liked, but the sauce it was cooked in was excellent.  The vegetable combo is great to share.  You get a sampling of five different veggie dishes (collard greens, lentils, split peas, mixed legumes, and potato cabbage) which all have unique and wonderful tastes.
The servers were very friendly and filled up our water promptly and asked several times about our food.
I will definitely be heading back to try more of the food - they had a lamb special that sounded amazing.Almaz and her hubby are the sweetest people, who take time to make your experience wonderful and even get to know you. I am always greeted with enthusiasm. 
The food is DELICIOUS. Flavorful, well prepared and consistent. It's by far my favorite place to fine in Center City. TRY it if you haven't. There is something for everyone.Came back for lunch. Zoro tibs and vegetarian combo were delicious. Service was also very good.
I think the key is to come in earlier in the day.It has been way too long since I've had Ethiopian food, mostly since I've been living in areas where no such restaurant exists within a 100+ mile radius. 
I decided to check out Almaz after reading some reviews on Yelp and opted to go here instead of the West Philly restaurants because we were going to a show at the church right around the corner. I am so glad we didn't waste the trek there...Almaz totally rules.  The people working there were so kind; the woman behind the counter informed us that it was BYOB and when I told my husband I'd be right back, the woman (owner?) said "Good for you!"  
Everything was fantastic, although we sat upstairs which was kind of warm.  We had the lamb special which was pretty good, but the chicken stew was phenomenal. The cabbage/carrot vegetarian side and yellow lentils were amazing. If i went again, I'd probably just get the vegetarian combo because they were the most flavorful items on the dish. The coffee was fresh and homemade cookies were fantastic too.  For two dinners, two coffees and dessert we spent $35...deal. Love this place.I l-o-v-e Ethiopian food and am a certified enjeraholic.  Based on the rave Yelp reviews, I hustled to beat the dinner rush, but there were only two people in there besides me at 6:00 on a Saturday night, not counting a few people who came in later to get smoothies.  The restaurant is tiny with two levels.  Sitting at the bar in front of the window is good for people watching.
As I was coasting in from the other coast having had nothing but a coffee and a banana all day, every (Ethiopian) item on the menu sounded great.  The veggie combo won out over the zilzil tibs, and it did not disappoint.  The flavors were tasty, and the enjera was tender and flavorful; I ate every last bite.  Terrific service.  Sounds like I should have had a coffee, but that gives me a reason to return.Tiny little place with not too much space. We had the lamb special, doro wot, vegetarian combo and chicken tibs. As food, this made for a pretty satisfactory meal. However, compared to other Ethiopian food, the spices seemed toned down for the American palate. In particular, the doro wot really severely lacked the customary kick. Something was a little off with the injera too, maybe a little too dense. A bit pricy too.Finally found good Ethiopian in Philly.  I'm spoiled, having lived in DC for almost 14 years.  With reputedly the largest Ethiopian population outside Addis Ababa, plenty of good Ethiopian restaurants there with plenty of Ethiopian (or formers) at the table.  Almaz approaches that quality.A bit of a weird spot, but apparently they can't get by if they stick to Ethiopian food only. The owner of the place (Almaz) is a really fun lady. Plus, they have a BYOB policy and didn't even charge the $5 cork fee!To add to the barrage of 5-star reviews, both staff we met were extremely solicitous, friendly, and helpful.  We were only in there for about 1/2 hour for lunch and were offered two refills of water-- and we were in the less-accessible upstairs part of the restaurant.
The food was excellent, and we each had different favorites from the vegetarian sampler.  I'm not in the neighborhood that often, but I definitely will suggest it in the future.
Does anyone know if the Ethiopian menu is entirely vegetarian?I have ordered their foule several times for take-out and have yet to be disappointed. Hearty, and consistent in good flavor. Once I tried the fresh berry salad and found it strange. The romaine to berry and pecan ratio was off. The gentleman behind the counter downstairs was friendly (with a genuine smile!) and attentive. Writing this review actually made me crave some of their food:) Maybe I'll try their sit down service in the near future.Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The food is delicious and really well made and reasonably priced. The best part however is the service. It is friendly and personal. My friends and I have been meeting here once a week for the past couple months and are going to continue. It is really worth a visit.I couldn't agree more with the idea this place is a little gem. The inside is quiet and offers a great place to study, read, or just people watch out the window. They have tons of options for coffee and tea, which is nice on a colder day or an early morning. The options vary from ethnic cuisine to your average american breakfast and lunch food. 
Of course I believe in the philosophy that when in Rome do has the Romans do. Also, being a vegetarian when they actually label the menu with an option for me I absolutely must try. I would say the vegetarian combo was a little steep in price. However, it was delicious and well season. I felt full, but I didn't get the greasy feeling that people below have mentioned. I was glad to try to try Ethiopian food because I haven't been able to in the past. It will for sure be a place I plan on retrying. 
Furthermore, The wait staff pretty much leaves you alone if you come alone to work or something. But, you just pop over to the counter and they are extremely pleasant.The beef stew was overwhelmingly delicious and the potatoes and cabbage wee just "melt in your mouth"amazing!The service and food are great. The sit down area can be cramped. I would recommend the firfir. Also, their enjera is awesome.We are experienced diners of Ethiopian restaurants; we've tried them in New York, Baltimore, Chicago, Philly, Houston, and Colorado.  My wife, in particular, loves the cuisine.  This, despite getting an upset stomach nearly every time she eats it.  When we saw the reviews for Almaz on yelp, we decided to go for it.
My wife had the shiro; I had a beef dish.  The shiro was good.  Strangely, it arrived with sour cream, which wasn't a great fit; we just ate around it.  The beef was a little flat and not as sizzling-crispy as I would have liked.  The injera was good, maybe a tad dry.  The other side dishes were good.  Overall, the dishes were more low key than in other places that I've tried.  That is, the injera and shiro were not as sour, the bourberrie was not as sharp.  It was not bland, but just tamer than what we're accustomed to.  Overall, we were happy with our meal.
The server was very friendly, and she did not charge us for food that we ordered for my 2-yo daughter which was very kind.
I found the experience of eating Ethiopian at a western style cafe a little odd.  There is a case of soft drinks, including yoohoo and fanta, and a display of muffins and cookies sitting next to you while you chow down injer and doro wat.  But really, it's nice to have options.  My daughter is very fussy about eating, so it was good that they had bananas for her to eat.This place is spectacular.  I've loved everything I've ever ordered here.  The staff is awesome- they're always happy to explain anything on the menu to you and give you suggestions.  I love sitting upstairs and looking out over the balcony- great for inconspicuous people-watching.  And an added bonus (in my opinion): it's a byo.Easily my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philly, even though it doubles as a coffee and ice cream shop. (I've never sampled those). It is owned and run by a very nice, hospitable couple. Besides the food being delicious and tasting like it has been simmered in love, it is a very comfortable space to be in. The same can't be said about other restaurants (like Absynnia in west Philly. I always feel unwelcome there and stopped going for that reason.)
 I wish more people knew about this place so I could rest assured that it will always be there.One word- gastroenteritis. My dad and I went over the holidays and both of us have had upset stomachs since then. Now, I have to take antibiotics... Great :/I have enjoyed Ethiopian food in NYC and Boston, and Almaz Cafe seemed like a good bet in Philadelphia. The restaurant itself is quite small, but it wasn't particularly busy late on a Wednesday night. Our waitress was very friendly and service was quick. The food was delicious, and as seems to be common with Ethiopian, was deceivingly filling. One fewer entree than diners should be about right for most groups. Definitely would come back!A friend and I met up for a quick dinner. So we decided on Almaz Cafe because it was close, and had gotten great reviews. The place is tiny, but cute. There were only a few tables in the entire place. I ordered something I did not think that Abyssinia had just to try something different. I was in an unusually crazy adventure mood that day, but just to be on the safe side, I ordered the sauce on the side. I tried a bite; the food was good, but not really special. I did really enjoy the addition of rosemary to my meat. Next I tried the sauce. Ehhhh, nothing I cared for. I tried a few more times to be sure, but the verdict remains, ehhhh, nothing I care for. My friend asked to try the sauce, and my opinion of it. I passed it over with a, "Ehhh, nothing I care for." He put it in his mouth, and his face screws up in the most awful manner. It was almost cartoonish in it's contortions. Needless to say, he did not really care for the sauce. We debated after that for a while whether this was better or worse than the Acerola soda we tried a few years back. Split decision with my friend voting on the sauce winning the most disgusting award and I insisting that the Acerola was much worse. Ultimate judgement on Almaz is that the food is good and of good quality, but the selection slim and the prices a bit higher than Abyssinia considering the amount. The proprietor/waiter was extremely friendly and nice.Though I lived in the land of Ethiopian options (West Philly), Almaz is my favorite Ethiopian in the city. Take out is our favorite option as well. Almaz (the owner) is a lovely individual and has always provided a warm, inviting environment. We love you Almaz! Love, Eddie & Sam.Friendly staff, quaint place with average Ethiopian food. I asked the staff what they recommend and they told me to get the lamb plate. 
-Lamb plate ($16-17): the lamb was a bit rough for my taste. Surprisingly I liked the vegetables much more (potatoes and peppers)
My friend got the vegetable combination and said it was delicious so seems like i ordered the wrong item. I was just so hungry and the staff mentioned lamb is the way to go unless I was vegetarian.
Overall, this was a decent place. I hope my dish is better next time as I plan to come back when the Ethiopian cravings hit me in the face.I love this place and stop in any time I'm in the area and craving Ethiopian food. I always get the vegetarian platter, but the sandwiches look good too. The owner is super nice.Almaz is a great, cost-effective little gem of a place with friendly service, AMAZING food, very fair prices, and adorably funky decor to top it all off!  I should also take the time to praise the free wifi they have here; unlike some places I've been to in Philly that offer wifi, the signal was strong and very consistent!  Definitely one of my fave places in Center City!This is one of my favorite cafés in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is great, their free internet reliable, and it always works well for a chat with a friend or a less formal date. The owners are great people as well, who are always up for a chat. If you like the taste of cappuccino done right, then I highly recommend  Almaz Caféi have no other Ethiopian food experience to compare this to, but i was very pleased. the setting was cute, and you would never even notice this place when walking down the street. it looks like take out if you do notice, but there's a hidden loft upstairs! it was great! the server was very nice. the BYOB setting made things fun. the bread is odd to Americans. its very sour and and pancake like. but covered in all the exotic flavors its hard to notice. im  glad i tried Ethiopian!I always enjoyed coming here for a quiet meal upstairs when I lived in Rittenhouse. The owner and his wife are very friendly and the food is excellent.I love this place.  Food is authentic and the owner is such a nice guy.   Love the veggie combo (get to try lots of stuff) and the coffee is super.  Can't recommend this place enough.Almaz offers an ethiopian menu, though you wouldn't know it from the outside, and since they are conveniently located in Center City I wanted very much to like it. Unfortunately the food is greasy and underwhelming. And that's just plain odd. I've never left an Ethiopian restaurant thinking "That was greasy and it sits heavy in my stomach" before.
Also, prices are not posted and the vegetarian combination turned out to be $13. As Ethiopian meals go it was a reasonable portion but certainly not a large one. $13 is too much for a businessman's lunch portion in a place with little ambiance.
They are friendly folks and I'd love to see this place improve, but right now I have to tell you to get on the El and head over to West Philly for significantly better food.I first discovered Almaz when I was wandering around Center City during admit weekend at my grad school trying to find an apartment.  It was 7am and I didn't even realize it was an Ethiopian restaurant.  There are plenty of usual American cafe offerings and the smoothies are really good.  The coffee is very cheap and good as well.  (I usually go to Colombe 1 block away but Almaz usually doesn't have a wait and it feels more like a mom n pop shop which is great)  The owner's wife cooks all the Ethiopian food, I believe, and you'll notice that if you come here enough, the daily special is always lamb.  Sometimes it's more like a stew, sometimes it's more of a saute.  It's always flavorful but I find the saute kind too dry.  The veggie platter is a must but too much for one person so it's always great to come here with a friend or two.  You can reserve tables and there is an upstairs seating area.  It's not fancy at all but the food is always yummy and it's also BYO.  There's free wifi and sometimes you can sit outside but 20th Street isn't exactly a view.  I've tried other Ethiopian restaurants in Philly and this place is by far the yummiest.  Their cabbage, carrot and potato dish used to be really amazing but maybe I didn't like it last time because I got takeout.  The Ethiopian bread/pancake supply is neverending and if it looks like you might run out, they ask if you want more before you even think about it!  The owner or his wife always serves you and they are super nice and friendly.  I would give this place 4.5 stars since I think they lose a little in decor and value since the food is kind of pricey.Amid the restaurant scene of Rittenhouse Square sits this no-pretense family-run Ethiopian joint. Fantastic food at reasonable prices and BYOB, Service is great. I always get the Ethiopian dishes - veggie combo, doro tibs, firfir and lamb special are my favorites. It's the best comfort food.Very friendly, very small, very inexpensive! I'm a food lover so I don't have much complaints when the food is seasoned well and served with a smile. Great place to grab a quick healthy meal when on the run or out for a stroll.Our experience at Almaz Café was a bit disappointing considering the very good reviews it received by Yelpers.  Besides one lentil dish, the other vegetarian and chicken, meat dishes were lacking in the taste profiles I have had at better Ethiopian restaurants in west Philly and NYC.This is a cute little cafe owned by a really sweet African lady. I sat at a table outside and enjoyed a bagel with cream cheese - pretty decent for a bagel in Philly (I've been spoiled by New York bagels). Bonus: they carry bottled Maaza, only the best mango juice on the face of the earth. It came out to about $4.50 for the bagel and juice, but there's a $5 credit card minimum. Short on cash, I picked up an extra bottle of water for another dollar. Overall, not a bad place to grab a light breakfast/brunch/lunch if you happen to be in the area, though I can't comment on the Ethiopian food just yet.Very charming little cafe, fantastic custom roasted Ethiopian coffee. I have yet to try the actual Ethiopian food, but the ice cream and American breakfast food isn't bad (also, makes it very versatile). Regardless, the coffee is reason enough.Mizzle; a combination of drizzle and mist.... My girl was uncomfortable b/c it was mizzling out, a bit cold, and windy - out in the middle of may. I told her her it wasnt so cold out and dinner at this lil ethiopian restaurant would be cool. Now we'd alreadt walked a few blocks around the Almaz and I couldnt find the place. But as it turns out, we had walked right by it, even with our eyes were peeled. So we get into the cafe, see the only dude behind the counter, go upstairs and take a 4-top. Mind you there are only 2 four tops upstairs and a few stools for the mostly quiet internet cafe surfers/loungers - Some rasta kept playing his tunes out loud w/o headphones until the barista/server/host asked him to chill. Downstairs where the entrance is there are 3 four tops and more stools.  Once we got the menu we had to decide: chicken, lamb or beef, and what vegetables. Well, me being the taste glutton that, I am coerced my girl to ordering the chicken and beef dishes with vegetable sampler to join. The food arrived and we were stoked. Conversation halted and ethiopian bread stuffed with lentils, cabbage and chicken sent me into my much desired food euphoria. So all in all I suggest dinner for two, at min, get the vegetable sampler (until you've decided on a favorite veg dish), and the chicken (if you're a meatarian).  The beef was good just didnt hit my spot like the pollo did. Next time I go which will be soon, I'm getting the lamb and I'll report back.  Post meal I also had an espresso......ever had a greek coffee? Well, I think Ethiopian coffee is a term that should be coined- that espresso picked me up from my food coma and sent my right back into study mode.    Groups are okay if you call ahead and arent larger than say...6. The barista/host/waiter dude couldnt be nicer.You walk in and you're not really sure what you're looking at, but you know you like it. A sort of mix of green walls, metal, dangling things from the ceiling and newsboy counters at the front and in the upper tier. It has a vibe matches more low-key "hipper" areas of Philly. Don't expect a lot of space to sprawl out though.Veggie platter was very good. Beef was over cooked/tough and tendons made it difficult to eat. Casual dining space with good service. Overall a welcome addition to center city dining options.Friendly. Delicious fresh... I am a big fan of Ethiopian / Eritrean food, and I've sought out places in every city I visit from Oakland, CA to Cleveland to Tampa to Denver.  Quite frankly, until now, I've been surprisingly underwhelmed by what I've tried in Phila. so far.  While Almaz may not have the most expansive menu, the food here is just about the freshest E/E that I have encountered anywhere.  It was delicious, and I received a generous portion for lunch.  Further, oftentimes the sides are mostly an afterthought; at Almaz, they deserve equal billing with the main course, again the best word to use is "fresh", along with descriptives like flavorful and very satisfying.  Service was also exceptionally speedy (definitely rare for E/E) and friendly.  In fact, several people popped in "just to say 'hi' because I was passing by" That tells me that Almaz has fostered a loyal following with his easy-going approach and fine food.  I will definitely be back soon and often.I've been meaning to check out this small cafe for the last 2.5 years - i always walked by it but never had a reason to go in.  I'm glad I finally did check it out!  They have fantastic coffee, probably the best I've had in Philly.  
I did have a veggie wrap which was pretty good.  The only problem with it was that it totally fell apart while I was eating it.  But, hey, it tasted great.Not the best Ethiopian I've had. Injera obviously diluted with too much wheat flour. Very gummy and sticky. Got the veggie combo. Usually on a plate the size of a truck tire. This one was your average plate size. Lentils were runny and spinach was cold. Service is slow. Still waiting for my check as I write this. Don't give up on Ethiopian food if this is your first experience and don't like it. There are many great ones around the country and perhaps here in Philly too. I'll try another place next time.Unfortunately, I can't speak to how the actual Ethiopian food is here.  The reviews say it's good, so maybe I'll try it sometime. 
However, I was craving a veggie wrap and saw that they had this on the menu.  I thought maybe it would be kind of interesting to get this from a different sort of restaurant, so I was excited.  The staff was super nice and the price wasn't so bad, so why not?
It was a very, very strange meal.  Extremely salty and had some kind of strange spice.  I didn't quite understand what was going on.  
Go here, sure, but pass on the veggie wrap, folks!Let me begin by saying that this place is hands down exceptional in the quality of whataver they offer. Besides the amazing coffee and the best ethopian food in town, the owners, Almaz and Solomon are by far the nicest, lovliest people you will ever meet. Their way of treating their costumers (many regulars) makes you realize what chains lack: personal touch, real smiles; the kind of public relations that no PR company can recreate for a non-personal business. Do not miss out.Great veggie combo! Went here over the weekend in the middle of th afternoon, we were the only customers. Not the greatest service as the manager seemed to be busy cleaning and prepping for the dinner hour. 
Perfect service size, very filling!Why. Why did I justset foot in Almaz for the first time ever? What the heck took me so long? I've passed by the location many many times and didn't even know it was there. I will not make that mistake again.
The food here is absolutely wonderful.  The flavors were exactly what I didn't know I wanted. The dishes are huge and very filling, but I had trouble stopping. 
Even if the food was sub par (which by no means is true) I'd probably still show up here just to get their fantastic coffee or see the smiling faces of the lovely people who work here. I immediately felt like a regular here, they are just the sweetest people. I cannot wait to return again.I've walked by here a lot and finally went in. Coffee is great! Staff is incredibly friendly. They have a cool loft to sit at that  overlooks the bar. It's also a great people watching spot. This is definitely the first of many visits.A hidden gem and one of my favorite spots in the city. Whether you go for the traditional Ethiopian fare, a sandwhich wrap, or the garden omelette, it's the best comfort food in the hood. The vegetable combo even has my meat-eating friends coming back for more. Great coffee and fresh sqeezed orange juice too. And the hospitality can't be beat!On the coattails of my dear friend Stephen S.'s five-star review of Almaz Cafe - wow. Delicious. 
I have passed by Almaz many times, on my way home or on my way to look at the kitties in the window of the pet shop on 20th (if I'm having a rough work day, seeing some kittens can turn things around - QUICK). I knew they served Ethiopian food, but after my boyfriend's lackluster experience with an Ethiopian chicken dish at one of our neighborhood haunts, I was hesitant. But after browsing Almaz's website and menu online, I thought I would drop in. Originally, I planned to get their fresh berry salad but after reading the reviews on, I decided to try something heartier and treat myself to a decent lunch since I'm having an otherwise KILLL MEEEEE kind of day. Damn the dieting torpedoes!
I ordered an iced coffee after seeing the picture of the giant glass it's served in on their website and the Foule. I sat upstairs in the loft by myself and read the new issue of SHAPE. The friendly, sweet man working there (who is, as everyone else pointed out, the owner) brought my food up to me and I went wild. I made it through 1 of the enjera and about half of the Foule and have plenty left for dinns later tonight. The Foule is served piping hot and I took a generous pinch between some bread and shoved it deep in my mouth (that's what she said) and burnt the back of my tongue. Ouch!
My meal was delicious, hearty, and very filling. And it tasted and felt relatively healthy, too. The service was great and their selection of food, beverages, and other accoutrement was quite large. I love the decor and the ambiance here and the loft is comfortable and quiet. 
I give Almaz five stars and I give myself one star for SCALDING the back of my tongue on some otherwise absolutely delicious food.Tiny little spot near the lovely Rittenhouse Square.  The staff were all very nice and helpful.  The vegetarian combo platter was delicious with a good variety, but not as much as I usually see at Ethiopian restaurants.  I will definitely make it a point to stop here anytime I am in the area!I was excited to come here and try Ethiopian food, unfortunately I was not impressed by the food. I got the zibzib tibs which was basically pieces of beef with onions and peppers served with enjera. Enjera is a thin pancake that is extremely sour. As my friend described it, it taste the a spoiled dosa. The meat itself was very dry. I can't comment too much on the flavor because the sourness of the enjera was so overwhelming that I couldn't taste anything else. The cafe itself is a cozy place and they do serve wraps/burgers/salad for those not interested in Ethiopian food.Oh my. What to say? Incredibly friendly and great food. They even brought us extra (at no charge) of one of the sampler items because they saw we liked it so much.Amazing Ethiopian food. The restaurant is small but cozy. The waiters are really nice and always ready to serve you with an smile. I was with my husband and we shared the veggie combo and the beef platter. It was great. Strongly recommendedI came here to eat and study a few weeks ago, and then tonight to write and eat. 
 Unlike many coffee shops in the area it was neither loud or crowded. The staff (I believe owners?) are very friendly, nice and accommodating.
I did end up trying some of the ethopian dishes when I came back with a friend. We shared one of the beef stews, and the vegetable platter. I loved the variety of items, the slightly sour flat bread, and especially the cooked beets. The food was served in a timely manner, by friendly, talkative staff, and it was delicious.
I will be back, oh yes, I will.If you haven't been to Almaz Cafe yet, you need to go immediately! After hearing rave reviews from multiple people, I had high expectations for the Ethiopian food coming out of this cozy spot nestled on 20th street. It certainly didn't disappoint! The vegetarian combo platter was the perfect dish for my indecision in choosing between the plentiful vegetarian options. Each dish was well-seasoned, wonderfully diverse in flavor, and paired perfectly with the addicting injera--each bite was as delicious as the next. You cannot beat the amount of tasty food that you get for the price too. This should be your new go-to spot for Ethiopian food in Philly!The owner of this cafe is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. Bring a bottle of wine, jam out to voodoo music, and share a combination platter w/ your best bud. Afterwards sit back, enjoy a latte, and be pleased with yourself because you just had pretty decent Ethiopian food in center city!Came here w/ 2 other people and sat in the upstairs area, which was super cute and cozy.  My boyfriend and I got the veggie combo for 2 and our friend got something w/ lamb.  The veggie combo was ok- some part of it were good and others just ok, none of it was awesome- the injeera seemed kind of stale and cold.  We love our Ethiopian food and this was just alright.  The service was good and the overall experience was pleasant but didn't make up for meh food.  The search for a good Philly Ethiopian spot continues-What can I say about Almaz Cafe? This is "home restaurant" for me. I love Ethiopian food and came here several times a week when I lived in Philadelphia. It's byob and a homey atmosphere - I love coming here with good friends and/or my boyfriend because it's the perfect place to dig into a great conversation over wine. Almaz and Solomon, I miss you already!This place is worth a try. I've been there for lunch a couple of times, and coffee. The people are very friendly and the food comes out fast. I've had the vegetarian platter twice, and it's consistent in flavor and quality. The whole veg platter is a lot of food for lunch, if you eat all the enjera (floppy Ethiopian sourdough wheat/teff pancakes). However, that is almost $14. Warning, it's very garlicky (which is a positive) so you'll be fragrant for some time after this platter!
I'd recommend visiting especially if you're interested in finding out what Ethiopian food is like or you're looking to expand the veg options near Rittenhouse. It's not the cheapest lunch, but it's a good change of pace. I'd like to try their breakfast and other non-Ethiopian foods too.Delicious food and delightful staff! Vegetarian sampler is outstanding and baklava is the best I've ever had! Love love love this place!!! It's always a warm and welcoming spot, especially on a cold day.I love Almaz Cafe. This place is run by Almaz and her husband Solomon. They are great. Almaz is my favorite, as she's always fun and really nice and makes me smile. If you come enough, she makes it a point to learn your name. She's a trip and always makes me smile.  Conversely, you never really have to make her smile, as her smile is omnipresent.  She makes a mean coffee (always Ethiopian Yirgacheffe) and great espresso, but I'm always bad and get the Cafe Voltaire, as it is just this wonderful dessert for me.
The sandwiches are great. The BBQ Chicken Wrap is really well done, as well as the Tuna sandwich. I'm a huge fan.  
But really, I'm beating around the bush. The ethiopian fare is delicious. I always get the vegetarian combo, just because I cannot decide what wonderful plate to eat.  The food comes with ample injera, which is always a concern of mine when I go to eat Ethiopian fare.  
Seriously, you need to try this place.Finally, legit Ethiopian food available outside of West Philly. Portions are generous, the injera is perfectly spongy, and my request for extra-spicy misir wot was perfectly obliged. Can't wait to check out the rest of the menu!We got the vegetarian plate and foule and it was plenty of food for two.  This is not the best Ethiopian I've ever had by a long shot, but it was still tasty.  The atmosphere was nice and service was good.  I'd definitely go back to get an inexpensive meal; it's probably the best food at this price in this neighborhood.This place is a fab little find! I've walked by so many times before finding out it was an ethiopian restaurant! They sell run of the mill breakfast and brunch foods, along with some sandwiches and wraps, but their ethiopian food is what makes them amazing. They have a vegetarian combo that is a hefty amount of food and injera (bread) for only $12! It's delicious and filling and doesn't leave me feeling sick after eating out. The best part of this place is the owner! He is SO SO nice and truly treats people like regulars, even when you aren't. He loves talking to his customers and is always smiling. He even flagged us down to offer us a bag for our stuff that we were toting around (unrelated to the restaurant). I mean, who is kind enough these days to think to do that??!!! Truly a wonderful guy! Delicious iced coffee too! 
One star off because some of the food gets a little salty at times and I don't love the meat dishes since I kept burping from grease after it, but I am very sensitive to heavy food.Very fine food, very charming low key location, very friendly staff.
You should go with a group of four to six.  We had four, and requested one large platter for all of the things we ordered.  More than six and there won't be room to share, only one or two and you won't have enough selection for a feast.
We got the doro tibs (bite-sized chicken pieces in herbed sauce), shiro (legumes in berber sauce),  kik alicha (yellow split peas with turmeric), and (I think) zizil tibs (beef).  None were very spicy, although there was a small saucer of a very nice hot sauce in the middle of the platter.  I wish the food had been spicier, and there were more yogurt to balance!  Cooking for Western taste?
Anyway, it was all very flavorful, and very nice.  The injera was also very good -- soft enough to be tearable, strong enough to hold up to the food.  Nicely soured, but a bit more lemon than I'm used to.
In all, very nice.  I will definitely return, and will ask for (a) more spice, and (b) more yogurt on the side.This is my husband's absolute favorite restaurant in the city.  We live on Baltimore in West Philly surrounded by Ethiopian restaurants and Almaz is way better than any of them.  The vegetarian options are numerous and delicious.  Everyone that works there is so amazingly genuinely nice.  Seriously the nicest staff you will find anywhere.  My only complaint is the seating is not that cute - you wouldn't want to come here for anything romantic or private.  I guess it was meant to be more of a coffee shop, so that's probably why.  But come here casually and the food is wonderful and cheaply priced!We  visited Almaz Cafe while in Philadelphia for our honeymoon. We totally found in on a whim and nearly walked by it. Seating is a bit particular. The first floor has a few window bar style seats and then there are 2ish tables. That's where we sat. I also believe on the "second floor"/balcony there were a few tables. That's also where the bathroom is located. Overall the space is snug, but cozy. They had a variety of different items on their menu, but their Ethiopian options were small. Which was fine. Our waitress, who I also think was the owner came over and saw us looking at the menu. We explained we are vegan and right away she was stoked and said I'll make you both a veggie sampler. This was by far the best Ethiopian food I've had. The sampler included potatoes, sweet pickled beets, a cabbage dish, a few lentil dishes, a chickpea dish and collard greens. It was almost immediately after we ordered she brought our food out. It was cheaper to eat here in Philly for Ethiopian than it is for us in Pittsburgh!! If you're in philly, definitely give this place a chance.Had this place on my list for a while. Finally went and tried the veggie combo platter. Was disappointment with the food, the crepe base was too sour to eat. Platter comes with 5 veggies and a side of beet salad and cabbage salad. The veggies were good but the base was too sour and didnt go well with veggies.I know a lot of people consider moving to the city but hold back because nowhere has a bodega that blasts also happens to have a few tables to sit down at an be served Ethiopian food. If only there was an establishment that blasted Christmas music, had single servings of Special K and Fruit Loops prominently displayed but also was a tiny Ethiopian restaurant!
Good news anyone near 20th and Chestnut!
Pam S suggested we go to Almaz Cafe because she heard good things about their vegetarian platter. She asked our waiter if it had any dairy. He said it did not so we both tried it.
Wow! Five separate vegetarian dishes on the same plate and that awesome Ethiopian spongy bread. Its the same as getting a Beef Tibs except you get more things and you don't feel bad the next day. Its the next day and I'm feeling downright spry!
The vegetarian platter joins the list of outstanding vegan plates in Philly.I have been coming to Almaz regularly for a few years.  It is consistently fantastic.  The spongy Ethiopian bread is beyond heavenly.  The service is spectacular - and - it's sure a fine alternative to "Shake Shack" down the street.  I hope that the crowds there will detour to a much healthier, finer place only steps away!!!!Amazing Amazing!!!! The fodd is sooooo good! And the owner is always so nice. We go frequently to Almaz and love all their menu!Wow, I'm pretty impressed.
I got the vegetarian combination. I could not get over how good it was. Had a hot cup of the Yirgacheffe with it. Not the best Yirgacheffe I've ever had, but it was a nice compliment to the meal. (I think my standards for coffee are higher than my standards for food. This food was way above standard. The coffee could use some room for improvement.)
Friendliest service one could ever hope for. So kind and courteous.
The only thing more I could ask for would be to have Mulatu providing the soundtrack to my next meal here. After factoring in the cost of flying him and his band in from Ethiopia, that might make for an expensive meal. I think it'd be worth it. Please PM me if you'd like to sponsor this event.I forgot to share the threatening message the owner sent to me about a year ago. The friends who are writing the positive reviews should be ashamed.
He said, "I don't understand you getting so personal going after me I don't even know you now I do."Friendly atmosphere, Ethiopian style eurotrash with heart. Good zilzil tibs. Nice smoothies and ice coffees. A place to go.So interestingly I wasn't that impressed when I first came to Almaz.  After eating here probably twenty times-sometimes dinner, sometimes lunch, sometimes coffee-I have to say it's just become one of my favorite places.  Almaz & Solomon are always so friendly and accommodating to everyone.  The Ethiopian food is delicious, I especially think they do an excellent job on the vegetable combination platter.  Almaz makes a homemade soup often times for lunch or you can get a very decent salad or sandwich.  Please stop in, tell them Michael sent you.I LOVED this place! I just went for breakfast and the food was incredible. But even better was the couple that owns the place. They were so sweet and caring. I agree the place was very deceptive from the outside, I'm not sure I would have gone in had my friend not suggested it. The coffee was also exceptional, especially the iced mocha! DEFINITELY GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY!!!!This place is an incredible find thanks to yelp! I'm not a fan of west Philly, but have been really wanting some Ethiopian food to try for the first time. 
At first, this place looks like a simple cafe until you read the menu. From what I've read it's a husband/wife ownership and I'm assuming the super sweet woman who helped us was the wife. We ordered the vegetarian platter and one other thing, to which I can't recall the name because it was her suggestion. We were brought heaps of food and could have easily shared the platter, everything tasted super fresh and healthy to beat. I didn't try one thing that I hated, which not knowing anything about ethiopian was A+ for me. 
This is a new staple in my rotation of restaurants to frequent.The best best best Ethiopian food in Philly!  We've tried many of the Ethiopian places in the city at this point and this one is the best.  The owner is also very lovely.  Very happy to live nearby, we try to go at least once a month.  Thank you for the great food!I'm sort of a connoisseur of Ethiopian cuisine or at least what's served in America anyway. You can check out my reviews of other Ethiopian restaurants in the country.
I didn't like the food here at all. It lacked flavor and spices and wasn't a great experience. I'm a vegetarian and had therefore ordered the vegetarian combo. The injera wasn't much to write home about either. The service was decent but I wouldn't come back any time soon.First, I stopped in just for coffee when they opened.  I was so excited to find Ethiopian food on the menu in my neighborhood!  The owners were friendly and sweet.  I went back on a weekend morning and found a chef in the middle of the TINY restaurant cooking omelettes to order over a portable burner.  It was a little strange but fun.  I got breakfast and it was okay.
Finally went back recently for Ethiopian dinner.  I got the vegetarian combo, and it was delicious.  It was my favorite Ethiopian food in Philly so far, and I'm a BIG fan of the cuisine.  Surprisingly, our food came rather quickly despite all the tables being filled and only one person waiting tables and handling the register.
It's a small space and not fancy, but it's great for a casual meal with friends or for hanging out alone.  I don't have a laptop, but I suppose the wifi is a plus if you do.
UPDATE: the owners, Solomon & Almaz, are incredibly friendly.  I found out that if you make plans in advance, they'll do traditional Ethiopian coffee.  My friends and I had a great time watching Almaz roast coffee beans for us and make amazingly delicious coffee.
further update: I think our experience made them realize the space is too small for traditional Ethiopian coffee.  But I SO appreciate that they accommodated us.  The restaurant is really a labor of love for them.  They worked hard to find a way to serve fresh food (not sitting in a steam table all day) without making customers wait an hour, as is the case with most Ethiopian food.  Solomon also gave us an education on injera.  Turns out many places skimp on the teff, but at Almaz they don't.    That's great, because teff is REALLY good for you.So, I must write an update to my previous 5-star review. After going back a second time with my family, we all enjoyed a big, communal lunch followed by some dessert-like smoothies. Everything was delicious; however, 3 out of the 4 of us had some unpleasant gastrointestinal issues not too long afterward. I don't know the exact cause was, but when 3 out of 4 people (who live in different houses and don't share any other food) have tummy trouble after a meal, I get suspicious. I haven't completely crossing this one off of my list, but I'm not ready to go back for a while.This is my first time having Ethiopian food but, it was amazing. I had the Zilzil Tibs, the guy there was very friendly and helpful, the service was quick, all in all it was a great place.I've often stopped in here for coffee or a quick bite and been happy with the quality of both and the friendly folks behind the counter.  After having dinner there recently, however, I'm kicking myslef for not sampling the Ethiopian fare sooner.  It was outstanding.  I've since order to-go and eaten in - either way,  it's top-notch.I always get the vegetarian combo. It is very good and filling. I like this place because it is quick and cozy. Also, they have some non-ethiopian things, so you can please the picky people in your party. The fruit smoothies are really good, too. It is small, so perhaps you should call ahead if you are more than 4 people.This was my first experience with Ethiopian food, and it was a delicious introduction! Also, the service was SO friendly. :)The waitress was willing to make a suggestion after I told he what I could and could not eat. It was chicken something or other, sorry I cannot remember but it was delicious. It had rosemary and some other spices that  I am not familiar with it. I could not eat the ingera due to a gluten allergy so she gave me rice instead. I didn't think the portion size was that great for the price unless you count the rice, actually I was still a bit hungry when I left. Otherwise very nice.Quaint little cafe that my friends and I almost walked past, but I'm glad we didn't! 
I didn't ask for much but man oh man, I got plenty!! I ordered a coffee milkshake... from first sip, I'm head over heels for it! The milkshake doesn't come dressed up with fancy whip cream but it's worth the $5 off taste alone.Love this spot- this is the second time I've been here and the food never disappoints. Heart of center city, with prices that are justified for the food and location. We had the vegetarian combo, the chicken Doro Wat and the Foule - all three were fantastic and we left feeling super full and happy. A must go if you're looking for a delicious and filling meal.The staff are lovely and provide friendly warm service. The Enjera (a sourdough pancake) went great with the vegetarian combo and  beef stew. The food is well seasoned and they use fresh herbs in their cooking.The veggie combo was a delight of flavorful dishes, especially the beets. It came with a bunch of injera-it was more sour than others I've had but I liked it. I felt like the good here was overall less greasy than typical Ethiopian restaurant food. The lovely lady at the counter neatly wrapped my takeout box in Saran Wrap for me. Also a good price.Almaz Cafe is my favorite neighborhood standby. My partner and I eat here frequently, particularly in the winter (we crave this food more when its cold out). The flavors are wonderful, and the food is cheap, since one dish is more than enough for two of us. We usually get the Dorowat, although we also love the lamb tibs. It's not on the menu, but they offered it once as a special and we tried it and loved it. We haven't seen it listed since, but we've asked for it, and they usually have it. Sometimes I order the vegetarian combo to go and eat it over the course of 2-3 meals. It's truly excellent. The owners are the nicest people you will meet in Philadelphia.The good is good albeit a bit pricey for the portions in a small cafe/coffee shop atmosphere. Would I go again? Maybe. Again, the food was good but for the price I might head west of Penn for Ethiopian.Love this place! Great service and great Ethiopian food and coffee. They also have smoothies, breakfast, and sandwiches but I've only ordered the Ethiopian food and coffee so I have no idea what the rest of the menu is like.
The portion size for the Ethiopian food is pretty big so I usually end up splitting it with a friend or having yummy leftovers for the next day.
I got the zilzil tibs the other day and it was a bit different from what I remember. The beef was more dry than usual, but still good. The order of the zilzil tibs comes with the misir (a lentil mix), the tikil gomen (cabbage, carrots, and potato) and the sourdough pancake-like bread. Everything was full of spices and very flavorful.I absolutely love this little place!  The owners are super sweet, this place is named after the owner's wife, Almaz!
Get the veggie combo because you get a sample of their very best!
The Kitfo (steak tar tar) was amazing too.
This is the best Ethiopian in the city, otherwise you have to go out to West Philly and I don't like going way out to those neighborhoods...eeek.It is great to have a place for Ethiopian food near where I live. Their food is decent, but not my favorite. The lady works there was very nice and I like sitting next to the window.A confusing place is this a coffeehouse or an Ethiopian restaurant? It doesn't know, and having a dining room upstairs, and a coffee bar downstairs dilutes the atmosphere even further. I simply don't know what to order. A bagel or something ethnic? The two sides of the menu don't overlap, so I end up ordering nothing. Why Why Why does this place have to be so freaking difficult to decipher?Came here this past weekend to work on a project.  The person I was meeting requested a non-Starbucks, Center City coffee place, and since we'd be using laptops Caffienation was out of the picture.  Thankfully, there's Almaz Cafe.
Almaz has a downstairs area with a coffee bar and a few seats, but we decided to park ourselves upstairs to avoid foot-traffic and spread our work out over a table.  The wi-fi was free (you have to get the password from the counter) and fast.  My soy latte was good and under $4 (always a plus since so many places are anti-lactose-intolerants and charge a huge surcharge for soy).  They had a pleasant Beetles mix-tape playing in the background.  And they didn't hassle us for sitting for 3 hours and only ordering coffee.
Another bonus: after our coffee-fueled planning session we had some pretty darn good Ethiopian food.  Having just had Ethiopian in Harlem last week, I can attest that Almaz's vegetarian combo (red lentil, yellow split peas, and cabbage) is legit.  They give you tons of bread and a fork should you be a type-A like me and want to keep typing while eating.
I will definitely be becoming a regular here.  Good Ethiopian right down the street (and no need to brave West Philly alone when I get a craving) has upped the standard of living in Center City in my mind.Had my first experience with Ethiopian food here a couple months ago and thought it was okay.  The injera was very sour and that kind of made it hard to fully enjoy the meal.  However, the injera aside, the vegetables and beef were pretty good.
The owner was very nice and they even gave us a coffee on the house (after they forgot to charge us for it).  Very sweet gesture.  Their coffee, by the way, was absolutely delicious.  The cafe itself is also a nice little place.
I'd give it another try if I were in the area.It is great place to eat good food, drink coffee, use internet. This place is good for anything. I ordered chicken curry and it was very good. Coffee was great as well. Price is ok for Center City Philly.After leaving DC, i have to say that I miss good Ethiopian food a lot. Almaz definitely makes me miss DC less. You don't have as much variety on the menu as you would at an authentic DC restaurant, but this place does do a pretty good job. I highly recommend it if you are craving some injera and red lentils.Really good hearty and authentic Ethiopian food. This is the place to go in Center City for an Ethiopian food fix. Minus one star for being a little too oily.
Portions are pretty big, so come hungry! (PS: try the vegetarian and lamb dish!)Almaz is one of my favorite places to go when the weather gets cold because their food is just so comforting. I always get the vegetarian combo and the spices in their have this incredible warming effect. The Injera bread is unique and tasty, especially if you like tangy breads, and I wished they sold rolls of it to go. With it's little holes, it acts like a sponge that soaks up all the wonderful sauces and it's sourness helps cut some of the richness of the dishes there. It's great place to go to if you're slacking on your veggies. 
Just don't wear any wool sweaters there because as tasty as the spices are, you just don't want to be wearing them after you leave the restaurant. And as most the yelpers have already commented, the staff is wonderful and accomodating. The ambience could be improved, but I think it's juggling three roles as a cafe/ sandwich shop/ and Ethiopian restaurant to appeal to all sorts of people who come by there. I almost wish they would just serve Ethiopian food so that they could offer a larger selection of traditional Ethiopian dishes!I haven't been to Almaz for about 5 years, probably- I now live on the other side of PA- but when I saw the name in the most recent yelp email, I immediately thought of the smiling proprietor from when I used to stop in every week or so during my Center City days. I loved this place. It was mostly coffee and smoothies at the time, with some Ethiopian (so rare in Philly!) and it was always a pleasure to go there. I'm glad it's still doing well!FINALLY!!! A coffee shop/restaurant with AMAZING options and affordable prices that is open to a reasonable hour during the weekGuys, I had a rough day. I had to think long and hard about how to turn it around. So I went searching and landed on Almaz Cafe. 
From the outside, it don't look like much but the inside triggers a smile. Bright green paint patched with shiny tin panels. Super modern, super huge light fixture. Non-pretentious tables and chairs. Friendly employees.
The menu is eclectic: American breakfast and lunch items, ice cream, espresso, Ethiopian platters. Anyone who orders a turkey and cheese sandwich here has no sense of adventure.
Rough days call for a break from the mundane. My first bite of Ethiopian foule (spiced beans smashed with tomatoes, onions and peppers accompanied by a side of sour cream, vinegar-tinged pancake-textured bread and turmeric-hued cabbage) was just what I needed and when it was gone I wanted more. 
If it didn't take so long to prepare (really, it was only 15 minutes but I was stressin'!) I would have ordered another. Next time I'll call ahead, as the pleasant guy behind the counter suggested.The owners are very nice and accommodating.  I had a craving for Ethiopian food after dining at Abol in Silver Spring MD.  I got the dorro tibs.  It was delicious, nicely seasoned.  The lentils, cabbage and ground meat sides were all tasty.  I was slightly disappointed that they had more American dishes like chicken wrap than Ethiopian dishes on the menu.  It's worth a trip to CC.Re: Drew S.
The menu offers meat dishes.
I'm going to try their meat dishes next time.  My husband and I went in to try their yelp-famous vegetarian sampler and left very happily.  To quote my husband, 'It was so good that I ate to full capacity.. an additional few more bites and I would have thrown up."  Solomon is very nice, too!  Thoroughly impressive.So glad my friend Ed C recommended this place! I went last night with my friend Jess, & we met Almaz herself! She was super nice, the service was great, & the food was fantastic.
We were sitting on the 2nd floor at the counter so we were away from the cold air whenever anyone opened the front door, but we could still see out the window. I think because we were seated there, instead of a big platter, Almaz brought us separate plates even though we both ordered the veg combo. I'm fine with that. Even though sharing is caring. ;)
Their injera is awesome--I'm obsessed with the texture & flavor. The presentation was beautiful & everything was full of flavor.
It's not in my immediate comfort zone, but it's not a far walk either. I'll be here often because it's delicious & totally vegan friendly. Highly recommend.The food is very good and the service was really spot on and friendly. Had the lamb special of the day and it was a nice sized portion and served with vegetarian sides. The veggie sides were so good, next time I'd probably order the vegetarian combo as a meal. The space itself is small with a few tables downstairs and a few upstairs. Learned they opened a much bigger place in Norristown that has a full bar etc. Will be trying that location too.Stopped by for lunch to try this place out...I'm not really a fan of injera so I had the beef curry. I loved the curry sauce (more like juices than a sauce) on the yellow long grain rice. I could really taste the spices and it was a good portion. However the one thing I didn't like was the chewiness of the beef. I expected the beef to be more tender. We also ordered the foule which is mashed beans with a side of injera. It was decent, and I would come here again for the curry. I have yet to try the coffee but would love to try that too! They use Ethiopian beans.Delicious, warm place with friendly owners! The woman greeted us when we entered  for lunch on Monday and explained how things worked. We sat upstairs on the loft style area (which was super cute and quaint!) and she came up to take our orders. I'm sad that I had coffee right before we had lunch because I wanted to try their iced coffee.
I ordered the Firfir and it was delicious.  Large portions and tasty enjera. Compared to my first Ethiopian dining experience I rated this one a four but I loved the environment and can't wait to try it again.
thank you so much!My favorite coffee spot in Rittenhouse Square.
They always serve fresh brewed Yirgacheffe here, and accept no substitutes. The space upstairs on the second floor is nice and cozy unless on their crowded days, and their assorted sweet pastries were delectable even for notorious sweet haters like me.
Support your local businesses, especially if they're awesome and serve amazing Ethiopian coffee and cafe food like Almaz... instead of going to Starbucks down the street in B&N.Wow! They serve they best Ethiopian veggie combos. Always delicious and great customer service.Came here with 3 of my coworkers and we decided to get 4 dishes and share family style. This was my first time trying ethiopian cuisine and i was not let down. The consensus favorite for us was the beef stew. The lamb dish was pretty good as wellThis is a nice downtown version of Ethiopian.  Not the same amount of character in the surroundings as Dahlak and you can't have brew like you can at Abyssinia but if I ever have the hankering for some Ethiopian but don't want to hop on a trolley, I know where to go.
The food was really quite good with the vegetable platter being of higher quality than the aforementioned places.  We also had lamb which was super greasy but very good as well. 
My only qualm comes with the lack of choices in the menu.  I understand that this place is small as is their staff but I think it could benefit from a meat platter just like a veggie platter as in this case, you can have too much of a good thing.I got takeout from here for lunch on the advice of a co-worker and paid $11 for a vegetarian combo platter. The problem with it was that it was about 90% injera (sour bread).  The bread was good, but you had to look inside the folds to find the food, and there was barely anything else.
Another co-worker told me she liked to eat her Ethiopian food with pita bread and I laughed because there was nothing in my container except bread! 
Three days later, it occurred to me that I had paid $11 for a huge plate of bread, which is kind of weird.I came back just to write a review for Almaz because I've tried Ethopian twice after loving the food that I had from Almaz. My first Ethopian food experience was here and it was awesome. The owner was very sweet and patient with my friends and me, as it was all of our first time with injera (staple bread in Ethiopia).  The owner even gave me some extra injera to bring back to my students; they were learning about the UN goals in Ethiopia that summer!
When I go back to Philly, I'd definitely eat here again.I've been to a few Ethiopian restaurants in the city, and think Almaz is one of the better ones. Their vegetarian platters and wraps make it a great place for vegetarians. Very good Ethiopian coffee make this a great breakfast, lunch, and dinner place!
The staff is extremely friendly, and it will definitely remain to be a staple.I'd passed by this place dozens of times before in my life, but I didn't realize it served food until a few months ago. I thought it was just a little coffee shop. It's much more! They have regular coffee shop and cafe fare (coffee, sandwiches, breakfast) but also have a small menu of ethiopian items. 
We got the Dorowat, which is a stewed chicken dish, and the Veggie Combo. All these items get served on a big plate on top of injera bread. Injera bread is a spongey crepe like bread with a sourdough flavor. You tear of pieces of the bread and scoop up the different dishes with it. You get a basketfull of injera as well. This was plenty of food for the two of us. Our server was super nice. I believe it's the husband who serves and the wife who cooks. The food came out shockingly fast!  Now that I know they serve such good food, I'll definitely be back!Good ambiance, very cozy and great service.  All the patrons seemed very pleased and happy, and one of them seemed to be greeted as a regular by the staff.  Nice feel to the place!  It's a nice mix for the menu - American style breakfast and lunch dishes (i.e. sandwiches and wraps, coffee drinks), as well as Ethiopian food!
This review is for the Ethiopian food.  Always the follower of injera and Ethiopian food, I had to try this place.  Since I am a snob, I can say I was pleased.  However, the injera was more rubbery than I'm used to eating.  Also, the yellow split peas were a bit undercooked.  The greens were tasty, but the flavor wasn't what I was looking for - it tasted more Caribbean than Ethiopian spiced.  Still good, but, again, not what I had hoped for.  If in Philly, I might give them a try again because of the service.  For Philly, I bet it's pretty gosh darn good, though, for Ethiopian!This place is so enjoyable. I love going in to grab coffee, or catching lunch here with friends.I most often come here to pick up a coffee which I really like for its rich flavor and mild acidity.  The staff here is wonderful, very friendly and kind.  I've eaten here a couple of times and they have a regular lunch menu as well as ethiopian options.  I really prefer their veggie options and love the chicken tibs!  I have tried to study here but can't seem to connect to their internet, although it is offered.  The unique food and exceptional service definitely make this a great cafe overall.I still found the food a little exotic for me. I tried the vegetarian platter and the bread tastes sour(I am not used to the taste) but the sauces are so good! A nice place to try for one like me never had Ethiopian food before but I don't think I will keep coming back.I've always walked by this restaurant, but never been tempted to go in because it always looks empty or closed.  However, on Saturday I decided to check it out for the first time, and am pleased to report that it's one of the best cafe/restaurants that Rittenhouse, if not Philadelphia, has to offer.  
The food is delicious.  I often find that Ethiopian food is overwhelmingly spicy, to the point that I can't taste any other flavors.  At Almaz, the cook does a great job of balancing the spice with other spices and the meat's natural flavors.  I ordered the doro wat and beef tibs - both of which were great.  The injera was pretty good.  It's flatter than the injera I've eaten at other restaurants, which was slightly disappointing but didn't dampen the meal as a whole.  Overall I thoroughly enjoyed each bite, and left the restaurant wanting to come back in the future. 
The owner of this restaurant is welcoming and charming.  Her style fits in with the ambiance of the place - relaxed, homey, and warm.  Seating is limited, so I wouldn't come here with a big group.  It's great for a quiet evening with one or two other people.  Final plus is it is BYOB!I am a huge fan of Almaz Cafe. Great Ethiopian food.  My favorite is the vegetarian sampler although you cannot go wrong by anything on the menu.  Don't be fooled by the exterior - it looks like an ice cream parlor.  Once you're inside and observe the diners, you'll understand.
Also the owners are some of the best people around.Super nice spot. Totally under the radar. Ethiopian food? Downtown. Did not know that was an option. Really bummed I did not realize it sooner. I am a novice in regards to Ethiopian cuisine but the food was great. The staff were really nice. Really chill atmosphere. The vegetarian offerings hit the spot.A great place for a casual meal. I went on a Friday evening, and we had the entire upstairs seating area to ourselves. Despite being the only people upstairs, the service was excellent. We had the vegetarian sampler and the lamb special. The lamb was delicious. We ate all the vegetarian items, but the greens were a bit strong for my taste. I've had similarly sharp greens at other Ethiopian restaurants, so I think that's how they're supposed to taste.
Other reviews commented on the bread being too sour, but I really enjoyed it with the meat and lentils.
BYOBI'm a bit of an Ethiopian food snob after living in DC for three years. This place isn't as good as my favorite DC joints but its pretty solid. It's a pretty inexpensive place to meet friends for dinner or a weekend meal. I like to get take out here (love the yellow lentil dish) which makes 2-3 packable lunches.It's little bit pricy and the table on the second floor is almost next to the restroom. If you want to get fresh air, just sit outside. The food is good but the serving size is small, we ordered beef and chicken , taste is good.Almaz is a great place to pick up a delicious cup of coffee en route to work or an even better place to pick up a smoothie on a hot summer day to drink in Rittenhouse Park. And I had wanted it to be a great place to get some Ethiopian eats without having to make the trek to West Philly whenever I get a craving. But I've been there a few times now, and while the food is always delicious, it makes me a bit sick in the afterglow.Just had lunch here with a coworker. I thoroughly enjoyed the DORO TIBS - chicken breast sauteed with Ooions, tomato, jalapeno pepper, rosemary, exotic herbs simmered to "perfection"  (as it says on the menu and it's true! it tastes like it's been marinated for days!) in organic Ethiopian butter and pinch of cardamom. The cardamom was just right. My lunchmate had the SHIRO (Mixed legumes prepared with ginger root, rue seed, bishops weed and garlic cooked with berbere sauce) and she really enjoyed the hint of spiciness.I never ate Ethiopian food before.   This restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside but the food is delicious.   I am not a vegetarian but their veggie sampler was excellent.   The enjira bread was very tasty.  I recommend using enjira to pick up the food.  It tastes great that way.   I'll definitely be back.This is nothing fancy and place is small, but I took my wife and two children (ages 6 and 7) specifically for an Ethiopian food experience, including eating the "spongy pancake" with their hands.  Called ahead and had a table reserved for four. (Not necessary to do this, but creates some certainty and they do place a "reserved" sign on your table, creating some extra hype for the family . . . ).  Results: very friendly staff, clean presentation, food was tasty, and relatively inexpensive. For a family of 4 I'd recommend ordering 2 vegetarian combos and one meat dish. They'll bring out one large platter and 4 plates. Kids love being allowed to use their hands!I love this place!  The food has never disappointed me (I particularly love the Doro Tibs); the injera is the best I've ever had; and the owner (? The woman who works there) is super sweet and friendly.  I've never gone when the place is packed, but it's never taken too long to get our food either.Uh oh, I'm hooked! I wrote my original review after one visit but I've been back about five times since! Now that it's warmer there are a few small tables out front which is a big plus. The food is always great and the owner/waiter/cashier is such a nice guy! The other day I had a bangin' iced coffe and on a prior visit got an ice cream cone. 
Tip:  Although I mentioned previously that the food isn't very spicey, you CAN get some spice on the side which really gives it some punch.Didn't enjoy the food that much. Ordered Vegetarian combo. Only the lentils were OK but left the whole spinach and cabbage in the plate. They were just boiled vegetables with some basic spices . Being an Asian , the dish was a let down. Eaten better things than this.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The doro wat is excellent and the lady that runs the restaurant is always nice and willing to give extra injera.I shared the vegetarian combo and Doro Sat (I think that was the name of it), which was a stew of grilled chicken breast. It came with ample amount of the traditional bread, injera, which had a sourdough taste to it. All was extremely delicious. I believe a person with a lesser appetite would not be able to finish all of it but I polished it off. After the meal we had a two very fine cups of coffee. Service was really nice if not a touch slow for my liking but I'll call it laid back ;). Also, the vegetarian combo and the chicken stew were served on the same plate touching, which we didn't mind at all but it's worth noting if you actually are a vegetarian.So chill, welcoming, relaxing, quiet. Delicious food! No problem getting in around 7 on a Friday night. Also, byob, so keep that in mind. We'll definitely be back!don't be fooled into thinking Ethiopian food only exists in west philly.  almaz cafe not only served great brunch, but has the best Ethiopian in the city all day every day.  it's on the back of their menu, so read through the whole thing.  the meat is incredibly succulent, never overcooked, and all the veggies are colorful and fresh.Reasonable prices, quick & friendly service, cozy & low-key. Shared the Vegetarian combination ad Firfir with two friends; the amount of food was just right. It was so delicious and flavorful we devoured the entire platter pretty quickly. The Tikil Gomen in that was part of the vegetarian combination was really good, and the Firfir was a tad too spicy, but actually really good for a cold snowy day. Sealed the meal with a divine cup of café Voltaire. Definitely recommended if you're looking for a low-key, decent priced Ethiopian joint. They also have other American foods like sandwiches, wraps, and salads- but you can get those anywhere. The Ethiopian dishes at this place are the real gems.This is a small loft/cafe/BYO that serves up some mean Ethiopian food.
When you walk in, you're greeted by a Starbucks feel: a few already made sandwiches, drinks, yogurt, cookies/muffins etc. Don't be turned off by this! Just walk on up the steep staircase and you've got a relaxing little joint where you can just sit back and break open a bottle of wine. The wait staff is very kind and helpful. The owner (I think) came by and asked if we needed any help with the menu as well as giving us the low down on the day's special (There's one everyday, don't forget to ask for it!). My dining partner and I ended up ordering the vegetarian combo (consists of split red lentils, a carrot and potato stew, yellow split peas, legumes and something that resembled hummus) and the special, which was lamb sautéed with some onions, butter (lots of it) and some spices I couldn't identify, it was also served with a Dijon spicy sauce on the side. All dishes are served with sourdough "bread" that has a slight tangy flavor and airy texture. Ethiopian food is meant to be eaten with your hands. The bread is used to scoop up the contents on your plate.  Everything had such great flavors and the vegetarian platter was so colorful! I was impressed by the food. We also showed up about an hour before closing and stayed half an hour AFTER closing and the staff/owners told us to take our time.
My only complaint was the sourdough "bread". It wouldn't be so bad if the bread wasn't so... unusual. The bread feels like moist latex; one side is smooth while the other resembled tripe or a sponge. I really couldn't handle touching and looking at the bread. So I had to grab a fork and stare away from the bread.I ended up going to Almaz only because it was Restaurant Week and I didn't feel like spending a small fortune for dinner. Though i was annoyed I ended up there by default, in the end it turned out to be serendipitous  because I otherwise would have overlooked this gem. The food was absolutely  delicious- full of flavor and since everything's stewed in spices it's relatively healthy. The service was also prompt and wonderful. I definitely will definitely be back there again.I stumbled upon this place a couple of years ago and thought that it was finally time to write a review. Every time I come here, I have an amazing meal and experience. I always get the vegetarian combo, which is out of this world. The Enjera is rich and thick at Almaz and the lentils are spicy and delicious. If you happen to be stopping by on a weekend, the pastries and coffee are also excellent! I have introduced several of my friends and family members to this place and I can't wait to come back soon :)After being dragged to Almaz by Erin F. and Stephen S., I am finally willing to admit  that I like Ethiopian food.
Almaz is amazing. The staff is always really nice and really accommodating, the food is great and really reasonably priced for the portions. They also have sandwiches and wraps for the less adventurous eater, but why go to Almaz for anything but Ethiopian?
While I am not a vegetarian, I haven't tried any of the meat dishes here. The veggie stuff is so good!
I definitely recommend sharing dishes.So far I've only had coffee here on numerous occasions for meetings and it is very good!   Strong, flavorful, and hot.  Every time I'm there I'm tempted to eat since the aroma of deliciousness saturates the air.  If there character of coffee and wonderful whiffs of nutriment is any indication of food, it has to be good!If you are going to give this place a whirl or you come up on it by accident go for the vegetarian platter.  They do a wonderful job at making foods that you probably would not normally eat and making it taste great. Try each section carefully if spicy is not your thing because some parts had heat! The enjera is definitely something different but don't fear it. If you like sour dough you will have no problem enjoying it with your entree. I was taught to keep the fork down and use the enjera as the utensil. It is great to just dive into you plate with just fingers and the pancake!  I probably cannot come back to this place on a regular basis since I don't reside in the city but I would recommend it to both city dwellers and outside suburb travelers. You could share a platter but I wouldn't recommend it. More bang for the buck if you get separate platters.Zero stars is too many. One star only because I had to. The owner was mean and confronted my friends and I accusing us of making other patrons leave because we weren't sitting properly.  What?! My friend was a regular and she went back after the incident thinking maybe it was a fluke. He confronted her again and mentioned the citysearch review i had written. This guy cant let people patronize his fly infested cafe in peace. 
Why are all the other people giving this dump such amazing reviews. I had a pathetic tuna wrap. What is 3-5 stars about this place? 
Seriously. I need an answer.the crappiest thing about this place was sitting down, looking at the menu, and spending a good twenty minutes not being able to decide whether i wanted to order from the breakfast menu or the ethiopian menu. i eventually settled on some pancakes, which were really good, but i had total plate envy of my friend's vegetarian sampler. the staff is crazy nice, they play awesome ethiopian jazz on the stereo, and the coffee is super good and comes in properly large cups. yay for these guys.Under the guise of a Rittenhouse coffee/smoothie/sandwich joint is a gem hidden in plain site. Open the tri-fold menu and order off of the third page: Ethiopian specialties. Almaz Cafe is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philly. Everything has a fresh quality, is flavorful and never cooked to mush. The kitfo is deeelicious - hands-down the best in town.This place is such a Center City gem! I came here for dinner with an out-of-town friend and although the coffee shop façade might be a bit deceiving, it's actually a legit Ethiopian restaurant upstairs. It kind of feels like you're eating in an attic - and in a good way. The service is homey and friendly; I think it might even be family-owned? 
I usually like getting at least one vegetarian order when I have Ethiopian, but my friend and I decided to forgo the veggies so we could try two types of meat - the firfir (beef mixed with soaked injera pieces) and the dorowat (chicken stew). I'm so glad we went with the meat dishes, because they came with quite the spread of veggies too - I'm not sure if this is standard or they did this just for us :) The dorowat was yummy, pretty much what I'm used to, but the firfir which I've never had anywhere else was pretty phenomenal. 
I'll definitely be back for more Ethiopian, and I also want to try their coffee :)I love this place! I've been in twice so far. The first time I played it safe with a turkey wrap which was super fresh and huge. I was so impressed with the woman that was working there. She was running everything by herself. Cooking, cashing people out, running platters up the steps, and refilling waters. She even took the time to ask my name and thanked me by name as I left. I went in with a friend today to give Ethiopian food a try for the first time. Loved that she remembered my name when I came back a week later.  We ordered the chicken and vegetable platter. It was enormous and yummy. The chicken was flavored perfectly. I work in the restaurant business and I never cook so I dine out pretty much every day and I was very impressed with Almaz's food and service. This is my new Tuesday spot. Next week I'm going to try the chicken stew. Also, a great place to stop for a coffee, cafe mocha, shake, or even just a banana on the fly. I mostly love how much pride they take in their product. I definitely recommend this place!This little restaurant serves American food to lunch customers, but hidden in the back of the menu is the best Ethiopian food we've had in Philadelphia. We've been going there for six years now.I moved up here 4+ years ago from DC, with its large Ethiopian/Eritrean community and wealth of good Ethiopian restaurants.  I'm spoiled.  Tried a few places in west Philly but wasn't impressed.  I recently found Almaz in CCity.  Best Ethiopian I've had in PA.  Haven't tried the kitfo yet in my couple visits, and some would say that's the test.  But, the doro wat (chicken curry), zilzil tibs and other meat dishes I tried were delicious, though the doro wat needed to cook a little longer to tenderize further - maybe I went in for a too-early lunch.  Whether or not you try meat dishes,  just get the vegetables sampler and enjoy with your enjera and eat with your fingers.  Prices reasonable.  Too bad they don't have the sort of low Ethiopian tables and stools for the total experience, but no other complaints.FINALLY made it to this place.  The Ethiopian food I've had in Philly has all been out in University City so this was a change of pace.  Got to admit I don't LOVE ethiopian cuisine...its good but not one of my absolute favorites, so bear that in mind with my review.  
The place is very small and very cute.  There is an upstairs that has table service, as well as some outside tables.  The service is really friendly and the menu is mixed, American sandwiches and breakfasts and Ethiopian lunch and dinner food.  There are also some super awesome smoothies that I personally very much enjoy.
For lunch, I tied the Ethiopian vegetarian sample platter.  The servings were for sure robust and very good.  I would have liked a little more spice somewhere but that is a preference thing.  
Definitely would go back when I get a craving for Ethiopian or smoothies--especially since the location is so very nice!I love Almaz.  I've been there twice this month for the vegetarian platter, once to eat there and the second time to take home.  Both time the food was great: piping hot and very tasty. I especially love the greens with the tangy Injera.  The prices are reasonable and the owners have always been welcoming and happy to answer any questions.  When I've been there other times with friends, they've also enjoyed their meals.  Having Ethiopian food in the Rittenhouse area is a huge deal and I'm so glad they're here.Hands down best Ethiopian restaurant in Philadelphia.
Like someone else commented, the injera is just perfect, the veggie combo is solid, and the meat dishes awesome. My favorite is the doro wat.
They also serve delicious coffee and breakfast!
Five star service and food comes out really quickly.This might be my favorite place for ethiopian in the city!! Love the outdoor seating, and great staff. Oh, and the FOOD is amazing. Tangy injera, vegi combo is great and has a lot of options. They might give smaller portions than other places but it's super quality. Also have had the kitfo and ful, both great. WOULD RECOMMEND!!First time having Ethiopian food.  The American and coffee selection looks great as well, but we were more adventurous.  Beef stew is incredible and filling, and the vegetarian combo is flavorful and a great sampler for first timers.  As or more flavorful than traditional Indian food.  And the service was excellent to boot.  Decent sit-down prices, but I might shy away from here for take-out.  Incidentally, they had very nice music selection in the background as well.  Will be coming back!Perfect. In every way. Delicious food--better (and more authentic and home
cooked) ethiopian food than DC and new york. Great place to study. Delicious breakfast, Ideal for lunch. Fun for a funky, unpretentious byo dinner. Otherworldly Ethiopian-bean coffee. Solomon and Almaz are present always, and if you've been there more than twice, they will become friends with you. 
And yes, the vegetarian combo was amazing, but the lamb, chicken, and beef dishes are also excellent.
 Easy to see why this place has a cult following.