The Ambience is excellent here. There are multiple tiers and floors for different types of seating. I recommend the sampler appetizer as it includes all the best apps. Service was good and the bar was delivering with its mojitos. Overall an excellent experience and not overly priced for the area.I had a weekend in Philly and went here for dinner- everything was excellent, from the drinks to the food, to the service.  I am only going to mention the ceviche- watermelon and tuna.  You must try this dish- one of the best and most unique singular dishes I have tasted in many moons.  Literally every bite, my mouth was thanking me and I was smiling from the wonderful taste sensations.
If you go here, do yourself a flavor favor and order the tuna-watermelon ceviche!!I don't go to Philly often, but the few times i've been I managed to go to Alma de Cuba twice on different occasions. Being a Cuban man myself, I have to say Alma de Cuba puts a fabulous twist on Cuban food and decor.
The restaurant is beautifully built and decorated with elegant Cuban-inspired furniture and art. It resembles an old Spanish-style home with rod-iron screens and handrails. The lighting is strategic and subtle to create an intimate setting, which it successfully achieves despite being a 3-story high restaurant. 
Their lunch crowd is nearly non-existent, which makes it a bit boring. For dinner on the other hand, it is extremely busy, but yet its craziness is softened by the restaurant's atmosphere/decor.
The food was amazing both times I was there. It is pricey but definitely worth trying. In regards to others' comments about over seasoning, I can agree a little bit, because we had a problem with the guacamole, which was way too seasoned to the point that it was inedible. Everything else was made to perfection. 
Although it's cute and feels intimate, it may be a little overwhelming for a first day. Definitely more of a 2nd to 3rd date restaurant, so folks from the City of Brotherly Love, get your eat on!Lovely lovely ambiance - we stopped by for dessert and coffee on a Friday night after dinner at Tria. We got a table, great service and FABULOUS desserts - their famed chocolate cigar and a flan.Drinks: hibiscus margarita - awesome; passionfruit caiprioska - pretty good, not too sweet.
Cornmeal rolls and oil dip, solely good.
Appetizers ( this was fun): let's talk ceviche. We ordered three to contrast and compare: the shrimp, scallops and the rainbow. The rainbow was recently reworked, with shoestring potatoes now over the ceviche instead of thinly sliced as served previously. The rework was definitely worth it, as our combined scores put this ceviche as the frontrunner.
As fas as the other two, the scallops were a clear winner over the shrimp, having too much of a sweet, clumsy and saucy overtone, where the scallops were fresher, lighter and just tastier.
Another appetizer that knocked our socks off: chorizo sliders. As strait forward as their name, these little wonders charmed our taste buds off. I seriously contemplated the possibility of trying to recreate these on my own for a future summer barbecue. Just be sure to include the cucumbers and jalepeño garnish to achieve the full orgasm of flavor that we enjoyed.
Since we were on an appetizer kick, we simply had to have the oysters - the Oysters Rodriguez. While I am not certain what "fufu" is, it really doesn't matter. These little fuckers were simply awesome.
On to the main courses. We had the sugar cane tuna, a nice balance between the spinach and the tomato coulis. The beef tenderloin was almost perfect - the crabmeat could have been a little warmer, but the combination was a little mundane. The vaca frita - the skirt steak - was probably the favorite. Aside from appearing on the plate like a mexican flag - the combination of seasonings was a delight to enjoy - cinnamon, cloves, lord knows what else - it was a sensory delight.
We're on to the desserts now, with the chocolate cigar - a tough decision over the chocolate tower - and a special dessert with some combination of avocado, white chocolate risotto and candied pineapple -  but I'm fairly cation it will be wonderful.If you're looking for a mojito that packs a serious punch, look no further than Alma De Cuba.  Lush red lighting makes the bar a perfect spot to suck down the tasty - but pricey - cocktails.It strikes again!  And if you're not careful, it can happen to you.  Good ethnic food meets "fusion," i.e. the white wash.  Honestly, it's one of my worst nightmares.  
I really went in with great expectations.  The website, the drinks, the menu.  Yes, it was good, I can't deny that, but it was also very pedestrian.  Salad was fine, empanadas were good, chicken had flavor, salmon wasn't dry, and the desserts were cute (think chocolate cigar).   But like the analogous Asian fusion restaurants, there's a semblance, a shell of the culture in the food, but none of that kick.  There's nothing raw and beautiful about the food.  
But as I didn't do the ordering, it might have come down to preference.  I would have gone for the whole fish dish, if I had a choice.  All in all, it was good food, but it's not a restaurant that I will circle back to again until I've made a few more rounds around Philly.Came here for restaurant week. 
Started with happy hour which is 5pm-7pm. Had the smoked albacore tacos. They're tapas-style. Very tiny delectable bites. $5 mango mojito was bomb.
This place is huge. We were seated on the second floor. Very romantic atmosphere. Candlelit, ceiling fans spinning, super dim. 
I went with the Ecuadorian ceviche, chicken imperial, and pineapple up-side down cake. I was not a fan of corn nuts in ceviche. Everything else was delicious. Chicken was tender, and the rice was cheesy and tasty. The pineapple up-side down cake is literally a lump of sugar. I'm pretty sure it could give you diabetes. 
Service was amazing. Staff is so knowledgeable about the menu items, and take good care of you. They even clean off your table in-between courses.The place is amazing, my boyfriend and I went to celebrate anniversary/Valentine's and it was truly a very pleasant experience. Since we both have latino backgrounds it made us feel like home. The food is 100% 10/10, good quality, good service. The staff was super friendly. The price is definitely high, it's not somewhere I would go once a month but it's a special ocassion restaurant and I love it. It was a little bit dark, we had to use our phones to read the menu but I feel like it adds to the ambiance of the place.I came here for Happy Hour and the appetizers and drink were amazing! I ordered the mojito classico, smoked marlin tacos and guacamole. The mojito was well made and properly strong although not overly so. The tacos were SO GOOD! Good flavor with a little kick in a crispy (not greasy at all) warm shell. I would venture to say that this guacamole was the BEST I've ever tasted. When I tell you that I could taste EVERY ingredient it's not an exaggeration and the diced pineapples on top added another dimension to the flavor. The guacamole was accompanied with crispy (again not greasy at all) plantain chips that were yummy. The food in this place was great! The staff was nice, polite and very attentive. If I had to make a complaint about this place, I'd say the lighting or the lack thereof. My food was more visible in the pics I took (with the flash) than in the actual restaurant. I hate to say this but I actually had to use the light from my cell phone to see my food, otherwise I would've given this place 5 stars. Though the very low lighting makes for a romantic ambiance, I think that they should consider turning the lights up JUST a hair since many people like to actually SEE what they're eating. With that said, I will DEFINITELY be back for dinner!Really great time here! Would definitely recommend starting out with the ceviches- got three sampler sizes to start out (light, and oh so, refreshing). The entrees were so filling and delicious! Got the lechon asada (fried pork) which was a HUGE portion size, over rice. There was so much left over meat I ate it for dinner for two more nights afterwards! Also tried the side of plaintains which was soft, and a warm sweet treat to wrap up the night. 
Overall, the place was really dark and the seats were pretty low to the ground which made eating a little difficult for a short person like me but the food more than made up for everything!Rating 3.5
I came to this restaurant with two college gfs visiting Philly. We made our reservation about a week in advance and they held it for us as we struggled to find parking 20 minutes into our reservation time. Thanks !
I ordered the evenings special which was arroz con pollo and it was very tasty and a decent size portion. My friends enjoyed their meals as well but wished there was a bit more on their plates. One ordered scallops and the other some type of fish. 
The service was exceptional and the atmosphere was upscale
Overall I say it was a decent experience but for the price they could give you a bit more food.Good food and large portions for the entrees.   The food is something you won't find anywhere else and I enjoyed it very much.  I like the ambience as was in the darker side so it was good for a date.  The waiting staff also really knew there stuff when it came to questions about the food.We have been eating at the place twice and both of the times were very good. The seviche starter were very nice and the Yuka breads were amazing! The duck and black bass main were also very good, though the Pork belly was only average. Unfortunately didnt get the chance to try their desserts for both times. Maybe next time when visiting philadelphiaAlma De Cuba has been one of my most dependable restaurants for many years. Always kind, warm service, delicious food and great drinks.
As much as I've enjoyed the restaurant for many years my visit this past Friday night may have been the best meal yet. The stuffed dates appetizer was excellent. We were 3 people so we ordered a fish, pork and a poultry entree and shared; all excellent. 
The drinks were also really well done. The noise level is reasonable and the tables are not too close together. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.OK.  The five stars are for three  things: the ambiance, the ambiance and the ambiance.  The drinks were OK and I did not eat here.   But the seating and the vibe was...!  just what I wanted.  Spacious and relaxing.This place has a great feel as soon as you walk in. They have lively Latin music playing and you're immediately greeted by wonderful host and bar staff. The drinks are good and the food is even better. I really like how there's 3 different floors which makes for a very lively dining experience. The food is pricey but its certainly worth it. I got the Rum Cured Duck Breast and wasn't disappointed at all. Cooked well with great presentation. Definitely check it out if you're in town!Food was amazing, service almost too good.  Very attentive but we felt like the secret service was lurking. Great atmosphere a little too dim and a little too noisy.  But a great dining experience right in the neighborhood.This is one of my most favorite restaurants that I usually go to on special occasions. The ambience is romantic, servers are always great and the food is delicious. I enjoy the mojitos and ceviche so much!We only came here to try their Happy Hour menu. It's a nice place to bring a date or come here with a couple friends. I ordered their Frojito. It's a frozen coconut mojito type drink. It was really thick and sweet. I had to dilute it with some water. After that it was drinkable. It's a pretty quite atmosphere. Their Happy Hour is reasonable with a lot of different cocktail to choose from but they don't have beer on their Happy Hour menu.AMAZING place! Loved my cocktail, I had the black cherry caipirinha, it was fantastic. I then had the trio of ceviche and loved it. The rainbow one was my favorite of the three! I also had the black bean soup which I really enjoyed! Looking forward to my next visit!The food here was absolutely delicious with decent portions. I've come here twice during Center City restaurant weeks. Their specialty bread reminds me of Colombian almojabanas and their Ropa Vieja makes me wish I still ate meat. The staff has always been wonderfully informative, pleasant, and patient. 
Nothing bad to say, except know that this place is not cheap and not the best place for vegetarians.How does this man continue to get business?
The food is either so bland or over seasoned, it's scary.Loved it!  I sat at the bar (which I normally do since I travel on business) and Alma De Cuba didn't disappoint. I find you can get a really good read on a restaurant by sitting at the bar and chatting up the bartender.  Willy was on point tonight and he was simply outstanding with his recommendations.
I started with the Octopus...wonderful!  Grilled perfectly with a wonderful combination of peppers.  I ordered the pork for my entree and it was delicious with a nice crispy top.  It is a very big portion so you could split this if you start with a couple of appetizers. Side note, the bread is amazing. Little tiny things and so much flavor.
Like previous Yelpers mentioned.  This is the best Mojito I have ever had. I'm usually not a big fan, but when in Cuba....  They were smooth vs. sweet and they go down easy, probably too easy.  Really delicious.  This place has a really cool vibe and I will definitely return.First of all, me and my girlfriend went here because i use to work for Chef Douglas and he is a Great Chef.  The ceviche is delicious and the atmoshphere relaxing, dark and very romantic, mixed with the perfect music.A friend and I stopped into this place last Sunday around 2:30pm to grab a drink and a bite to eat before heading back out to fight the crowds in the shops on Walnut Street. We had been meaning to try it for dinner for quite some time but never remembered to make it over there...
When we arrived were serving a limited "Siesta" menu (2:30pm - 5:00pm) but it was more than enough to choose from for a late lunch/quick snack.
We started with the Verde Empanadas with spinach, manchego cheese and artichoke escabeche.  They were perfectly cooked and presented and the artichoke escabeche was exceptional.  I decided to go with my standby, a Cuban sandwich for lunch. This was one of the best that I have had in the Philadelphia area with perfectly cooked slow braised sugarcane pork and all the rest that goes with it...
The service was attentive and personal which made for a great break from the stress of the afternoon (I'm sure the two "El Jefe" mojitos helped as well...). 
We can't wait to return to try the full lunch/dinner menu in the near future.Wonderful!!! We went with a party of 10a Sunday afternoon. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, As courses were finished plates and glasses were removed quickly. Not one of the 10 was dissatisfied with any part of the meal. I personally had the seared sea  scallop with the roasted corn quinoa, it was the best quinoa I have ever had and my scallops were cooked to "melt in your mouth" perfection. The only reason for the four stars instead of five is that the portions left us all wanting a little more. I would highly recommend Alma De Cuba to anyone seeking a positive dining experienceLove this place!  It's got great atmosphere! The decor is fabulous, the cocktails are really tasty and the food is solid.  This is a trendy restaurant so it's definitely difficult to get reservations here on short notice so plan ahead and definitely go!  It will surely impress any date!It was a little bit too sophisticated and too expensive. 
We ordered 
1) Alma Sampler Tasting of: Empanada Verde (very tiny, but good), Smoked Albacore Tacos (not sure what to say, didn't like it), Royal Palm Dates (it was interesting to try) 
2) Sea Scallops Serrano ham,crab and corn quinoa with merquen vinaigrette: while scallops were great, scallops and quinoa pairing didn't taste very good 
3) Duck Ropa Vieja coconut boniato puree, green mango slaw and duck chicharron - it was just ok
4) Chicken Imperial grilled breast over saffron Valencia rice and chicken ropa vieja - chicken
was very delicious but Valencia rice was very strange.
5) Cuban cigar dessert was very delicious and entertaining. 
Have to praise the service, it was one of the best!A-OK. Rather overpriced appetizers, though we did enjoy the empanadas (which are tiny) and the stuffed dates.
Portion size of the crispy pork was huge, can't imagine one person eating it. Was a bit too fatty, felt sick afterwards. 
Ambiance was very dark and service was okay.Making a reservation for a large group is PAINFUL. You have to call the representative - who never answers the phone - and leave a voicemail. You get a call back 2 days later. You miss the call by a minute, and call back ---and it's voicemail again. You schedule, figure out the menu options (for a group of 12, you HAVE to pick a prix-fixe option, served family-style. No individual orders) and put down a hefty deposit. All by email, usually, as phone doesn't seem to work out. 
BUT, once there, Alma De Cuba is truly a magnificent experience. Watch the bill, because the total will be far above what you expected. The service could use some improvement, but this place never disappoints!
Ah, the ceviche!
The croquettas!
The famous, unbelievably delicious vaca frita!
The sea bass!
...and finally... (this truly deserves a drumroll)
The impeccable Chocolate Cigar dessert! ....I dream about this dessert. There simply isn't a better chocolate dessert that I've encountered at an upscale restaurant. 
Overall, a true win.Everything was awesome. Although every one of us had trouble reading the massive folio of a menu in the really-awesome-but-possibly-just-a-bit-too-dim lighting.  Bone Marrow Croquets?  Oh yeah.Nice enough, but thinks it's more upscale than it actually is. The menu is a bit limited and not especially transparent - my rice was baked with pork and cheese, both of which I'm intolerant to but it wasn't fully described on the menu. It's also pretty limited. There's an appetiser section you can mix and match from but only around 8 choices, several of which are more adventurous like bone marrow and octopus. The drinks definitely outshone the food - the mango martini was great! It's not cheap - 3 of us with one drink and one entree each came to $120, and didn't really live up to the price tag.The quality control is not ok here.
At the first time we came here everything was so amazing. The waiter was helpful, food was good.
However my second experience here was extremely BAD. The waiter didn't take care of you at all. We've been waiting for the entree over 30 minutes, however the server didn't check for us until we called for twice, even he was just at our table. This was not a busy night, the tables coming after us got the food much earlier than us. 
- rainbow
It was impressive the first time we had it, so we ordered it again. The dish was still ok, except a tiny hard stuff.
- seafood
I forgot the name, it was an entree with a combo of seafood. I was shocked at the first bite of the shrimp. It was NOT fresh!!! This bite made me so uncomfortable.
- scallop
It was ok. Due to the "surprise" of shrimp, we ended up sharing the scallop. Not bad.
You should expect a lottery here, either amazing or big shock. May not be back again.Came here for a drink with a friend and found out it was happy hour!  $6 mojitos and $6 appetizers!  Great deal!  
Suave Mojito- sweeter than a regular mojito bc of the sugar cane.  I totally wanted to eat the piece of sugar cane in my drink but that would probably have been unslightly. 
Truffled Guac- mmmMM who would have thought regular old guac could be fancied up with truffles and taste so amazing!  SO good.  Truffle flavor in every bite.  Comes with plantain chips which you will need more of to finish off that guac! 
When I visit Philly again, definitely stopping here for HH!Went her on a week night during restaruant week. Felt like a dark 1:1 date spot, service was very friendly and social.
I gave it 3 stars b/c it really didn't do anything special for me and I think for the money $50 w/ their restaraunt week deal & a glass of wine it was a bit on the over-priced side. I eat out literally 3-4 nights/week for work all around the country and I think your money could be spent in other places a bit better.Everytime we visit philly we go to Alma de Cuba. This time we sat at the lounge and it was perfect! great music, great service, very tasty ceviches, the pincho were nice and tender... the Vaca frita as good as always!!! the mojitos!!! wow...Its a little pricey but it so good!!! great desserts too!!! AAA!A truly phenomenal meal. 
I began the meal with a yucca and cheese roll. A very interesting an unique flavor. I enjoyed it.
We shared an appetizer of the grilled octopus. It was a pretty big portion. I did not like the strong olive aioli with it, but I asked for some of the warm horseradish crema (part of the salmon entree). It was amazing.
For the entrees, I got the rum duck breast. The flavors were amazing, and the rum flavor was delicious and didn't taste like rum (I don't care for that liquor). The sauces were simply delectable and the breast was nicely spiced and rare, per my request. I love the yucca strips on top.
The other entree was the vaca frita steak which was very tender and so flavorful. The tomato accompaniment was incredible and the avocado slices were perfectly ripe. The flavors together were so tasty. The beans were good but not special and I was allowed to substitute asparagus for the rice which was very nice.
Overall, a spectacular meal. Expensive, but the unique flavors and delectable food make it definitely worth it. A new favorite!!A friend from home came to visit me in NYC and we planned a trip down to Philly for the weekend to visit a friend. While waiting for him, we decided to get in town early for dinner, and I must say I am so glad we stumbled upon Alma De Cuba!!!
As the cab pulled up, we didn't know what to expect, as we chose the spot on recommendation alone. Upon walking in, we requested a table for two, without reservation. We had our things with us and the hostess gladly took our things and hung our coats. +1 for the coat check! The ambiance and decor was very nice, as was the music they played. 
We began our meals with a few drinks and an appetizer: my friend ordered the Classico martini and I ordered the mango martini. They were not only delicious but they made for a great catchup session between friends that live 3,000 miles away from one another! I definitely recommend the mango martini; sweet yet not overbearing and still tastes like a martini. For the appetizer we ordered the Empanada de Verde. It was SO good! I highly recommend.
As for the main courses, my friend ordered the Chicken Imperial and absolutely loved it. She said that it was very flavorful and the meat was tender. I am a strict vegetarian and was a little skeptical of this place since the menu seemed a bit limited for me. Notwithstanding, I ordered a side of grilled asparagus and a generous portion of black beans, seasoned to perfection.
Our overall experience was lovely, from the welcoming hostess that seated us rather quickly although it was a bit busy, awesomely attentive service, above average drinks, to the clean bathroom (always a plus) and the AMAZING food. 
I HIGHLY recommend Alma de Cuba! Can't wait to go back...Get the trio ceviche sampler...the al fuego one was spicy and delish. Sugar cane tuna was great. My husband had the vaca frita, which was well seasoned.
Overall four and a half stars....not quite 5. May go back for their happy hour menu.Went there in January 2017. Amazing - no other word. The food, service, atmosphere was all incredible. I will return here everytime I am in Philadelphia.Having never been to a Cuban restaurant before, we didn't know what to expect but were pleasantly surprised.
NOTE TO THE LADIES ~ if you are headed here for dinner, leave your stilettos at home. Have to climb over 3 flights of stairs to get to your table. And they are what looks to be originally refurbished wooden steps.  
Why 4 stars?
** Wait Staff was friendly and helpful.
** Hostess carried all of our drinks to our table from the bar (did I mention all the steps??)
** Great array of creative appetizers with a sampler dish offered - not seen in many upscale places these days.
** Desserts were among the top 3 I have had in the past 3-4 years. I ordered the Banana Semi-Fredio (spelling??) and it was AMAZING!
Why not 5 stars?
** Cerviche was a bit disappointing and lacked heat in some cases. If the menu describes it as spicy with habenaros - I want heat damnit!!
** I ordered the Tuna skewered on sugar cane with coconut risotto. Risotto was over-powered with coconut to the point I could only eat about 1/3 of it.
** They asked if we were celebrating a special occasion when the reservations were made and we told them it was a birthday. No acknowledgement at all. No questions from the hostess or waitress, no candle on dessert. A touch disappointing. 
** Drinks, although VERY FRESH, were hard to figure out via the drink menu. MANY MANY references to liquors were never heard of. Very confusing all of us. The drink menu could use a revamp to fix the long-winded explanations and such.
**Tables were close together.
Small FYI - they do not accept Discover.authentic latin food, great ceviche, sangria and lechonI would have rated this place 4 stars but they f'ed my take home meal and that really pissed me off and pretty much ruin my night(and my intended meal for the next day)!
I've been here before and I realized that it must have been during restaurant week so I never had a full view of their menu.
I normally get the Vaca Frita but instead went for the Lechon Asado this time. I had the virgin mojito (yeah, lame but I am trying to rest my liver for the wknd ahead). The cheesy bread is like dragon egg the way they serve it only 2 each...but you better believe I asked for more after I finished the two I was given.
I enjoyed my meal but I couldn't finish more than half of it it so I had glorious day dreams of how I would take the leftovers to work the next day....yummy. Meanwhile my friend tore thru her meal (we ordered the same thing) and had little left except pork fat..left over cheesy bread and rice and beans.
Time for take- I offered to bag myself but they took both meals to the back. The guy came back minutes later and just dumped both bags on the table...kinda rudely. I should have know with the way he dumped them that he gave NO THOUGHT to which meal belonged to who.
It's pretty dim in the place so I did glance in the bag and being that we ordered the same meal, it was hard to tell but I sadly placed too much trust in the "take home bag" system at this restaurant and I presumed they knew which meal belonged to which guest...heaven it was just freaking two people at the damn table, how can you mess that up! 
Ofcourse I get home and all I see if half eaten piece of fat. Like WTF! I didn't pay for this isht!
My friend lives 1.5hours away so it's not like I can just drive over and exchange the food. 
So now i'm  pissed that i have to 
1) Either eat some one's leftovers(argh!.)...which is pretty much skin fat and rice and beans..what the heck am I suppose to do with that?
2) Throw it away and sulk like a 5y/o...
3) Come vent on Yelp and still sulk like a 5y/o 
#3.
So mad!After having Alma de Cuba really hyped up for me, I really thought my experience was just O.K.  
Maybe it's because I was in the mood for a real ceviche and have actually had it, or maybe it was the atmosphere, that was honestly a little lackluster for me.  
The restaurant is really dark, as some people have said, and the first floor, where we sat was just awkward.  The chairs are couches that sit too low on the ground and far away from the table so you have to scoot close to converse over the general loudness of the bar area, which is right behind/all around you.  I was also was not a fan of the projected images of "native" Cubans (children, old people, fat guy) on the walls that decorate the first floor.  They seemed silly and out of place, especially since the rest of the decor is obviously trying to be trendy and modern.  Check the glowing bar.
Now, I could easily overlook these things if the food could have redeemed it for me, but sadly it was only O.K.
I had the rainbow ceviche (tuna, salmon, some white fish) and the ensalada verdana as my meal.  I guess it depends on what you are expecting for the ceviche.  It tasted like someone just took small sashimi pieces and plated them in a generic asian sauce that had a little lemon juice in it.  It even had some sesame seeds.  whaaat? Only the pieces of white fish actually tasted similar to real ceviche because it could soak up the flavors of the marinade...
The salad was also sub-par.  Some of the greens were wilty. It had too much dressing and was freakishly salty in parts.  
Though I knew it was expensive going in, I was expecting the quality of food to make the price worth it... not so much.
The little bread balls that they give you beforehand were good however!
Alas, not enough to redeem my Alma de Cuba experience.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong things? Nonetheless, I think I will save my Stephan Starr restaurant outings for Morimoto, which has much higher quality of food and better atmosphere.The carpacio was delicious. The porkchop was uninspired and somewhat bland and unexciting. The coconut tapioca was good, but there was some type of weird condiment which tasted like dried chunks of brown sugar which reuined it for me. 
Nice decor, may go back to try it for real food. Restaurant week was a disappointment.waaaay expensive. should have trusted yelp - way out of my price range! I was jonesing for some delicious, well-made cuban food, something I have yet to find in philly. this was delicious, and well-made, but the prices and overall swank of the restaurant were just not was I was looking for. 
great drinks, very tasty, just not my style.The best part is the ceviche and the mini croquettes with garlic sauce. I want to try more of the menuUgh this place.... Soooooo good... From the rolls to appetizer to main and dessert... Love their portion sizes and their seafood options! I keep on coming back to this place. Love....Went here last night and just had a beyond amazing time. The food was absolutely to die for and as a vegetarian, they were so accommodating to work around my needs. 
Even the bread was delicious. I ordered the empanadas and moros y cristianos, both delicious and highly recommend. 
My friends ordered everything on the menu, a lot of people enjoyed their meals, notably the ceviche and vaca frita. 
I even had a birthday chocolate mousse cigar, which was absolutely delicious. 
The ambience was upscale, classy, and while I wouldn't recommend it every night, definitely worth spending the money to celebrate a special occasion.In the four years I lived in Philadelphia, I probably ended up at Alma de Cuba more times than any other restaurant. Almost the entire menu is extremely solid, and the portions are more than satisfactory for the price. I love the seating situation, tables and booths on two dimly lit floors. Upstairs has a somewhat secluded section in front of a artsy back lit photo of a migrant worker, great for bigger groups. 
1. Royal Palm Dates: I first tried this as a part of the Alma sampler, and ended up ordering it off the menu every time thereafter. Great combination of sweet/savory, mushy/crunchy, fresh/rich.
2. Ceviche: Almost all of the ceviche options are super solid, and I'm not even normally a fan. 
3. Lechon Asado: So good. So much food. Generous portion of crispy roasted pork over some rice and beans with orange flavor. I'll still crave this plate on a random day now and then. 
4. Other: The bread is amazing and the bartender garnishes cocktails with sugar cane sticks.Came to dine in between work and I didn't want to go back at all! The restaurant is so homey and the food was unbelievably fresh and delicious - and I don't even care for Cuban food! Will be back!I wish I could give it a 4.5..
The ambiance is fun, low, romantic lighting with pops of red. Three floors of people watching. I felt like it was necessary to be dressed up; nice button down shirt and jeans for guys and nice dress or top for ladies.
I thought the food and drinks were all amazing, but I left the restaurant hungry, and that shouldn't happen when it is that expensive.
I can personally attest that the following are delicious:
Panela Chilean Sea Bass- Really well cooked with great flavor
Maine Diver Scallops
Beef Tenderloin
Chocolate Tower 
Chocolate Cigar- so so soooo delicious for a choco-holic like me!
Banana Tres LechesBest cuban in Philly.  I'm usually not a fan of Stephen Starr at all, but Alma is the exception.  The beef empanadas are amazing, the bean soup was great, the ceviches are creative.  Would deserve 5 stars if they provided better value.Love all the "Starr" products but this place holds a special place in my culinary heart! Chef Rodriguez mentored one of my yearlings who now has a brilliant career in culinary! 
I love taking newbies to Alma for ceviche, cocktails and of course the chocolate Cuban cigar! On many occasions just the "cigar" 
Food here is always the way I expect it. 
Staff here are friendly, knowledgeable and maintain a relationship with your table that's neither pushy nor scarce. 
Prices are as expected when dining on Walnut St, but when you step through the door you are taken into the world of Cuba! Decor is just now getting dated which kinda adds to the feel but how long has this place been here.......that's some of the magic behind Starr...
Keep up the great work for many more years!!!!!I only went for drinks and appetizers -- Had a classic mojito and the guacamole, I will need to return for dinner some time.New interpretations of Havana classics are on the menu in this City Center townhouse. Together with the standard empanadas, ropa vieja, and ceviche, you'll find ambitious preparations like pumpkin seed-encusted sea scallops swimming in a calabaza melon puree and sea bass on a bed of green rice with sides of plantains and stuffed peppers. The white-jacketed staff looks elegant, but service was brusque, and we felt rushed enough to ask the waiter to slow down his frenetic pace. At these high prices, we wanted to savor the meal, not gulp and run so he could turn the table.Last summer I ordered two entrees for take out, and one of the entrees was wrong. Instead of getting arroz con pollo, I received arroz con mariscos. I then called this restaurant, in which they told me they would give me another entree of equal or less value for free if I came in and spoke to a manager. 6 months later, my boyfriend and I were looking for a quick meal for dinner, as both of us were exhausted from working all day. We were walking by Alma de Cuba, and I thought it was worth a shot to see if they would still honor my free entree. When we got inside we were greeted and as I explained my situation to the hostess she kindly called the manager (who was just as friendly) down. She honored the offer that was made to me a while ago and told us We were welcome to sit at the bar. The bartender was awesome and offered us water while we waited. The experience completely changed my mind on this restaurant! What wonderful customer service and our meal was awesome! Thank you Alma de Cuba staff, for being so friendly and doing excellent business. We will dine with you again!I can only comment on the happy hour, but I will definitely be back for dinner sometime. I came with a friend and we both tried their classic mojito. We had asked our waitress about the drink specials, and she recommended the classic because she said it was stronger and less sugary than the suave, and we're glad we listened to her advice. The drinks were amazing, and they even came with a stick of sugarcane, so if for some reason you didn't feel the mojito was sweet enough, you could chew on that.
We also split the truffled guacamole. When it first came out, I was skeptical of the plantain chips that came with it. Thankfully, the chips were not as sweet as I had expected, and they blended well with the guacamole and relatively strong (but delicious) truffle flavor.
The happy hour is very reasonable. Drinks were $6, and so were the appetizers. I think dinner, though, will have to be for a special occasion because the prices are a bit steep.Great atmosphere, service, and entrees.  The chocolate cigar (complete with flaming candy matches) was one of the coolest desserts I have ever experienced in a restaurant.Awesome latin food! Strong drinks:) Very trendy! I will be back in April!!!! I can't wait!Food was terrible, when we comment on the Pork  having to much fat, the waiter said this is a characteristic of the dish. We had travel all the way from South Jersey to this terrible placegreat ambiance... but sometimes may be a little too dark..
the bread is probably the best part of the dining experience there..
a little pricy so check out during restaurant week..Awesome upscale Cuban restaurant in Rittenhouse area. This was our first visit to Alma de Cuba and I was not disappointed. We made reservations for dinner on a Saturday night. The restaurant is quite big with 3 levels, the bottom level was the bar/ lounge area which was really gorgeous. I was really surprised and impressed by the restaurants elegant deco and ambience. We walked up the stairs and we were seated on the second level. We were immediately greeted by one of our servers, she was very pleasant and gave us info on all the specials for the evening.The restaurant was quite busy which should be expected on a Saturday night. We ordered drinks and opted for their classico mojito and passion fruit mojito. The drinks were well made and tasted great. For appetizers we ordered the empanadas cubanas, which were really tasty and was a nice start to dinner.  For our entrees I got the VACA FRITA  which is Slowly braised  pan seared skirt steak that came with a side black beans, white rice, sliced avocado,a delicious tomato sauce and pickled onions for garnish. I also got a side of fried sweet plantains. The presentation was really nice and my food was delicious. My wife ordered their Short Rib Ropa Vieja which she really enjoyed as well. Ours Servers were really great and checked on us regularly. Overall our visit to Alma de Cuba was awesome, food was great, the atmosphere and ambience was really nice and I have no complaints about the service we received. My only complaint is they are a little bit on the pricey side for a Cuban restaurant.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is amazing. I highly recommend the bacon wrapped dates, vaca frita, lecon asado, chocolate cigar, and the cerviche. The suave mojitos are the best ones that I've had. Service has always been really good.Amazing food. I went with two friends who knew the GM from when she was still at Pod (a restaurant they frequented during college) and she was super nice and accommodating. We basically ordered everything on the menu.
Truffled guac? Are you kidding me? Who knew! It was amazing. The fish tacos, amazing. The selection of ceviches, also amazing. I was really blown away by the quality of the ingredients and the taste explosions in my mouth. 
I ordered the lechon asado, and as expected, I was ready to be wheeled off to the nearest hospital for a double-bypass. It was deliciously fatty and crisp, with the pickled veggies (not sure what it was, exactly) providing just the right amount of acidity. I had a bite of my friend's vaca frita, which was also great.
The cuban cigar for dessert is presented so well and tastes equally delicious. We also had those little doughnuts, so good!
And, of course, we ordered mojitos with our food. The sugar cane was a nice touch, although I wasn't quite sure what to do with it. I gnawed on it briefly. I'm sure it would've been great if I had been more comfortable with having a stick of sugar cane hanging out of my mouth...Among my all-around best dinning experiences, ever.  Wonderful ambiance (a bit dark), interesting and comfortable seating, great drinks, and a really amazing duck dish.  I also enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer, and had the tapioca dessert (served in a coconut, enough for 2 people).  Would make a great date restaurant, but I was on my own.  Great service, too.  A little pricey, but worth it.I ate here with a large party, and this place is definitely set up for large groups. The food my wife and I ordered was pretty unexciting. I had a very salty and bland fish, she had a duck dish which also wasn't very flavorful. The environment was nice, however our server gave us a lot of attitude about trying to split the check. Overall, I thought this was a pretty disappointing meal, especially for the price. The rest of our party were also upset about the server but others thought the food was good, especially the ceviche. Full disclosure I haven't eaten at many other Cuban restaurants so I don't have much to compare it to. However, Philadelphia is filled with amazing restaurants and I think this place is just okay.First time dinning out with some friends at this high end cuban restaurant. The drinks are strong and the food is amazing. The price tag is up there too. But so worth it. Deserts are really good too. Service is moi caliente!!! lol. Superb. Fine Dining at its best. Ceviche, Duck, Ahi Tuna.... mouth watering. I never knew Cubian food was this good.This place is awesome. I've only eaten by the bar area but the food is on point, as are the cocktails. The Havana Old Fashioned is great, as is the mojito. For apps go for the Rainbow or yellowtail ceviche, and the chips and guac. For entrees the ribeye is salty and cooked to perfection, as is the scallops. 
The vibe is good as is the service.The food was great and the service was some of the best that i have seen. My party was a bit difficult asking the waiter to split a bill seven ways but through it all the waiter was extremely courteous. Also, the restaurant was beautiful, very romantic.The kobe beef meatball is to die for. The app here are all amazing and doesn't compare to anything I had before. The ceviche was good. The ahi tuna was amazing. Best fusion place I have tried and worth the price and wait.I love this place.  I've been here twice now and would go back every time I come to Philadelphia.  It's just such a fun place.  Between the multi-level architecture, to the projected images of Cuban decent on the walls, to the set up of the bar and lounge area, it's very, very visually appealing.  The food...fantastic!  The specialty drinks here are probably the greatest thing about the restaurant.  All ingredients are fresh and delicious, and i'm not much of a cocktail kind of person, more so a beer drinker.  One of the best in Philadelphia without a doubt.  Highly recommended.As a South Florida transplant, I was hesitant to dole out the 'big bucks' for a visit to a Stephen Starr restaurant....fortunately, my date took care of that concern. 
We arrived 30 minute prior to our 8:00 pm reservations to check out the ambiance.  The decor is reminiscent of the Delano or Shore Club in South Beach---sophisticated sounds and luscious on the eyes. The place is two-level, with first floor lounge-vibe, bar and trendy couches. The second floor is all dinner tables. 
This isn't Abuela's authentic Cuban food. And there is no doubt you can find a vaca frita for a heck of a lot less money but  "Alma de Cuba" translates to "Soul of Cuba" and the chef takes creative liberties to design an innovative menu building on cuban staples like pork, chicken, beef. 
I have to agree with others about the "little bread rolls"----they are addictively good. As an appetizer, we shared the Royal Palm Dates; they were juicy and creamy.  As an entree I had the Beef Tenderloin, which was perfectly marinated and garnished with asparagus and chimichurri sauce. It's a shame patrons must pay extra for side orders of sweet plantains and black beans/rice---essentials to any cuban plate.
Dessert: Portions were more than adequate so we skipped the sweets 
Service---friendly and superb; timely and accomodating. We had reservations, showed  up on time and no wait.Went here twice - once for a late night drink and snacks and then again for dinner. Love this place so much! The food is amazing and the ambiance is one of a kind. The tostones with a garlic mojo on top is my fav - I had the skirt steak and it was delicious. Their chocolate cigar dessert presentation was amazing! And it tasted delicious.  Can't wait to return on my next trip back to Philly!This was probably the worst meal I've had in Center City which was especially disappointing considering I have a Cuban friend who recommended it. I'm not sure if it's a shitty restaurant week type of place but nothing was worth purchasing at full price. I only found the actual atmosphere to be the only highlight. Pretty decor and overall design/feel. Food was nothing worth mentioning nor was the service. Probably will not return. Two stars is being generous in my opinion.I've been to alma de Cuba a few years back and one day window shopping with a friend we walked by and he's never been so I suggested to have a taste.
We sat at a very comfortable banquet and wide chair table for two and had a server with us shortly. I'll be honest, I mainly wanted just the bread and dip preface to dinner which is nothing like ive ever had before. 
It's indescribable in taste except worth every calorie being a deterrer of unnecessary carbs. It's my favorite. 
We wanted a short and simple meal so we decided on two appetizers,
We chose the yellowtail ceviche which was the perfect portion for two to satisfyingly enjoy the dish and not skimp around saving the last piece for someone.
Then we had the foie gras which was very tasty.
It was buttery and went so well with I forget what it was but it tasted like fried polenta on the outside and a mildly warm cream cheese  filling. It went so well together we were able to finish everything.
It was the perfect light dinner after a walk around center city.I was visiting Philadelphia for a meeting and wanted to take our team out for a nice dinner. We picked the right place. The food was delicious. From the little bread balls that were toasty hot, to the spinach empanada and the white sangria. The plantains deserve a sentence of their own - delicious. The service was great and I really feel like our team received a special treat. Highly recommended.This is one of my favorite happy hour spots. I usually get the pitcher of sangria but opted for mojitos which were fantastic. Get the bacon wrapped dates - they are incredible!A recent visit to Alma De Cuba confirmed that everything here is still decent but not outstanding. Except for the prices. Cha ching.Excellent from top to bottom. All the staff here went above and beyond for me. The food was some of the best small plates I've ever had. Bacon wrapped dates with Bleu cheese is a must. Oyster taco ceviche was unbelievable! I would recommend Alma De Cuba to anyone who loves food! The bread is made with Yuca flour and is gluten free.Great to go if you have a special occasion. Atmosphere is uniquely designed and beautiful. It is a Stephen Starr restaurant, so that is expected. 
The name states the menu. Trendy renditions of traditional Cuban dishes. 
Presentation is colorful and clean. Food is fresh and ingredients put together to make great plates.On a recent visit to Philadelphia, a friend recommended Alma De Cuba, and we were happy he did!  We were seated on one of the upper levels (3rd?) and had a very attentive server that explained the menu and made a few suggestions.  We each began with a cocktail - I had the Classico Mojito and spouse had something else (which I don't recall), we both enjoyed the drinks.  We shared the Ecuadorian Shrimp Ceviche and both thought it was very good.  For our meal we ordered a Vaca Frita and a Lechon Asado.  I really enjoyed my Vaca Frita and only shared a little . . . it was almost too good to share!  I tried a little of the Lechon Asado and thought it was just okay, nothing special.  If I were going back to Philadelphia, I would make a point of eating at Alma De Cuba again!Wonderful experience!  Had cocktails in the lounge area and went " upstairs" for dinner.   Food, service, and drinks all excellent!  Staff was very knowledgeable, friendly, and accommodating, and the meal provided three separate experiences; from the (slight) spiciness of the appetizer, the excellently prepared combination of the entree, to the decadence of dessert.  Thank you for a great evening!I came hur for happy hour on a week night in early-mid December 2017. The weather was frigid, requiring me to don a puffer jacket en route. 
I akshully made a reservation because I was scared this place would be packed for hh. Much to my pleasant surprise, this place had plenty of empty tables upon arrival. We were taken upstairs, which is not hh, bc of our reservation. They were super accommodating when I asked if we could switch to the happy hour area, told us to go downstairs and sit at any table with a white candle. This doesn't seem very complicated but we some how fucked it up and sat at a table with a red candle and had to move for the second time. No problem. They didn't seem to outwardly mind.
Ambiance is dim and candle-lit. A lot of red going on. Romantic.
Drink menu for hh contains some classics such as mojito and a few mojito variations. I ordered one of those and followed it up with a sangria. Both were tasty and worth a repeat visit. 
We also ordered some apps. I ordered empanada de verde, with creamed spinach, manchego cheese, green plaintain dough (dope), and artichoke escabeche (LOL @ that word). DELICIOUS!!!!!!!! Omg to fucking die. 
This place is great. The reg menu items are a bit pricey so I would TOTES come back if I made as much money as my education deserves.I have walked by this place for so many years and never had a chance to actually go in and eat a meal there. I am really glad that I did last Saturday. The decor was very chic and modern, also plenty of space. My friend and I shared the pork ropa vieja tacos which were delicious. For entrees, my friend had the rum cured duck breast and it was tender and juicy. I had the Lechon asado, crispy roasted pork cooked to perfection (it was fattier and greasier than regular tenderloin, which for me was a plus).Loved, loved, loved. I've had many mojitos and theirs is on point. I also tried the Ricky Ricardo and it had be singing: BABALOOOOOOO! So delicious. I had the ceviche appetizers, anticuchos cubanos and marlin empanadas. All delicious and it was happy hour so the price was right.Had dinner here with a friend during our visit to Philly as this place was in close proximity to our hotel and shopping. 
PROS
-Lovely ambiance! 
-Good food!
CONS
-Fusion-esque, so a little disappointing if you're looking for authentic. 
-Not a very Vegetarian friendly menu. 
I had tried their house mojito, having been told it's a "Must Try" on the menu. I did, and I wasn't impressed. Wasn't very minty, and it was flat. 
Looking for a good old cuban (gourmet) sandwich. It wasn't on the menu and the only alternative to that was an appetizer that came out as an egg roll. It was good. It was different, a bit disappointing but if I didn't have my heart set on a good old sandwich, I may have been pleasantly surprised. The beet salad was delicious! Service was mediocre. 
Yelp rates this place as pricey but I found it to be moderately priced, not fine dining. 
I'd eat here again, now knowing what to expect.Great place!  Heard about it from Robert Duvall on the Howard Stern show and decided to visit after I fell in love with Cuban food in the last couple years. I had their Lechon Asada which was absolutely amazing and their smoked marlin tacos which were really cool and of course we had to have the cigar for dessert which was amazing!   A one-of-a-kind dessert for sure!  Can't wait to go back and try some more things in their menu!  Great ambiance in the restaurant as well!Preface: I rounded down but Alma deserves 3.5 stars.
Alma de Cuba, the Stephen Starr hot spot on Rittenhouse Row, boasts a gorgeous interior with a various latin-inspired dishes and a bevy of top notch cocktails.  It is unfortunate, however, that neither the food nor the service match the high level of quality and attention to detail given to the decor and drinks.  On a late weeknight out here during Restaurant Week, the BF and I sat for nearly two hours in the second floor dining room, entertained by a waiter who could rattle off endlessly on Alma's beverage list and pao de queijo, but was rarely seen otherwise as we waited and waited and waited for our food to come out of the kitchen.
The food itself, when it arrived, was actually pretty good.  We split the Striped Bass Ceviche and Royal Palm Salad to start.  The ceviche tasted alright, except for the overpowering amounts of pineapple and citrus which made the fish less enjoyable.  The BF and I greatly enjoyed the stuffed dates in the salad, and found that dish to be the best of the evening.  For the main course, I got the Vaca Frita (steak) while he got the Pork Chop.  The steak was very good, and it matched the rice and beans well along with the other items on the plate.  It tasted authentic.  His pork chop, however, tasted good, but something that could be easily replicated elsewhere.  The large white beans though were very good.  As for dessert, we split the Vanilla Flan and Coconut Tapioca pudding.  The Vanilla Flan was terrific: sweet, light, and a good contrast with the tart fruits served alongside it (mission figs, raspberries, pomegranate seeds).  The pudding, however, was one of the worst desserts I've ever had; a huge bowl of pudding with small tapioca pearls and some kind of sauce (honey maybe?) swimming inside it.  It seemed like an afterthought of the chef, and honestly, I would expect more from Starr Restaurants.
We both had two cocktails: I had a Classic Mojito (excellent), and a Dark and Stormy (pretty good).  He had a Suave Mojito (also excellent), and a Caipirinha (terrible; too much alcohol and not at all mixed well).  In addition, the service was really really slow.  It took awhile for our waiter to show up, and he spent so much time rattling off the entire cocktail menu to us that we couldn't decide what to order to drink, which meant we had to wait even longer for our waiter to reappear to take our entire order.  Our food also took a really long time to come to the table, and I noticed that all the tables in our section were being turned very slowly, while the tables in the other waiter's section were being turned at a normal pace or faster.  Two additional notes on the service: we finished at the same time that a group of six that sat down to dinner midway through our meal began theirs; and when our dessert finally arrived, it came so before our waiter had time to clear our table and  give us silverware.  I don't know if it was because it was Restaurant Week, our server was really busy, or if it was the middle of the week, but the service was a let down and could really use some improvement.
Overall: beautiful space and the mojitos are definitely worth it (and at $9 a pop, actually not too terrible for Stephen Starr), some of the dishes sing while others flop, and the service is very hit or miss.  Ours was a miss.  I would return, as would the BF, but we both agreed that we would probably come back for Happy Hour or drinks as opposed to a full meal.Would give more stars if I could. After another restaurant botched our anniversary dinner, we walked over here to try our luck.  The hostess (regretfully I did not get her name), after hearing that it was our anniversary and that our reservations elsewhere was messed up, said that they would do what they could to make our night a good one.  And that they did!  We were seated in an intimate little table for two, and started off with a couple of cocktails.  Everything about the dinner was superb- Julia, our server, was over and above sweet and very attentive. The drinks were fabulous, as were the meals.  After our dinner, the hostess brought us a lovely dessert with a candle to celebrate our anniversary and even brought us two glasses of cava to cheer with.  I appreciate the service that they provided to us and will make sure that we are regular patrons!Okay so.. I had always looked past this place anytime that i am downtown however when i went in, my coat immediately got checked. The hostess was awesome.  I had a Malbach .... The waitress was awesome. I really liked the atmosphere... overall this was a really nice place. I would suggest to go here for a date.Stephen Starr is a bad ass...get over it...naturally, this means that Alma De Cuba exudes a sort of an idealized sophisticated cabana feel with gigantic windows that allow the sun to season your food with its glittery rays. 
The rolls here are amazing. They're cheesy with sweet crumbly crust. It might be an abomination against cuisine to make this comparison, but if those RL Cheddar Bay biscuits got glammed up a la Haus of Gaga style, these rolls are what they would become.
The Japanese Red Snapper Ceviche was party-in-your-mouth good and when paired with cilantro and sweet potato...dearest Stephen, it's not good to create competition between your restaurants.
The Creamy Coconut Quinoa was just that. Creamy. Coconutty. Cilantro-y. (If you don't like cilantro, you probably should get a refund for your taste buds.) 
But the starr of the meal was the Sugar Cane Tuna. I'm not sure if the sugar cane is actually cooked with the tuna, but this dish was absolutely fantastic. Seared tuna...wrapped in some sort of phyllo-but-not-really and then served over some creamy vegetables? Genius.
The sangria was okay, but it lacked kick, which is kind of sad because Cuba's supposed to be sultry and sexy. Opt for just red wine instead.Swanky and gorgeous, like we fantasize Cuba in the 50's, with mid-centuery styled chairs and low, low tables. A tin ceiling with red lights shining on and reflecting off of it is covered by a dropped, dark, caned ceiling, and from it projectors throw black and white images of Rat-Pack-esque party scenes onto the walls.  
We came for happy hour on our way to an event, and the cocktails were classy and delicious, but not as cheap as we had read (1/2 price cocktails and free tapas?). Only one drink was happy hour priced ($6 instead of 8) and no happy hour menu was ever presented...   We did, however, love the place regardless, and the service was terrific.
Overall:  it would be a HOT place for a date, either for just cocktails or for dinner.This is my favorite restaurant in the city. Came here for my birthday with a few friends. Ordered the ceviche sampler, beef empanadas, Chicken imperial,Vaca Frita and a seafood Paella. Service was amazing, setting was friendly and would come here again!Excellent food!  I planned a semi-private family style party here and they did a great job.  There was plenty of food for the table and it was all so delicous.  The beef we got was to die for.  They could have given us a few more desserts, but all in all a great experience!Fantastic Cuban fusion. And since Cubans don't really cook with wheat flour, it is perfect for gluten free folks like me. The plantain chips, yuca, and arroz con frijoles reminded me of my grandmother.  My daughter had the ropa vieja and loved it. I had the fish and was fantastic. 
What's great is that Cubans don't do spicy so anyone can enjoy the wonderful flavors with the fear of getting burned like Some Mexican or Peruvian dishes.We had an epiphany at Alma thanks to our waiter Kameron. Hadn't really experience rum, but with his guidance at the end of the meal, we tried some sipping rums that gave our favorite Scotch a run for its money. Besides the great wait staff, the food was fresh and very savory. It is a scene at the main floor bar, and fairly loud on the 2nd floor, but definitely a place that we will return too.This place serves up excellent ceviche dishes, and is one of the few places in town that carries Merry Monks, my favorite IPA. It is pricey, but it has a unique and chill ambiance that makes for a nice visit.Happy hour starting at 4p on Friday: Four drinks and one of everything from the hh menu for 70$ made two of us very very happy and full! Alma libre is an excellent cocktail, and the tacos are tiny but full of flavor.The food here is excellent.  The standout is certainly their Roast Pork.  It melts in your mouth and is delicious.  Make sure to order it with sides of rice and beans as well as sweet plantains.   I must also note that the portions of pork are huge so just get one order if you are dining with your companion.    
As far as drinks are concerned, I stuck with the classic mojito.  It is an excellent mojito, as it should be for both the price and quality of the establishment.  They have other mojitos as well but I stuck with the original. 
The service is very efficient.  It did not take long to get our food and the drinks kept coming once our glasses were empty.  
Overall, it is a great restaurant if you are searching for Latin flavors.  While I like Cuba Libre's decor, Alma De Cuba takes the cake in terms of quality of food and service.Loved the atmosphere/decor.  The food was good! We had a pitcher of White Sangria.. delicious. I ordered the shrimp and grits; really good yet heavy and a lot to handle, as grits are. The side of sweet plantains I liked as well.  The dessert was probably the best part... The chocolate cigar.  I loved that it came w/sugar matches, that they lit.  It may not have been the freshest tasting food though.  We walked away happy, but not blown away.   However, I would go back to try a different dish.I came to Alma de Cuba with my girlfriend on a Saturday night. The restaurant came highly recommended by a friend of hers. The atmosphere was pretty cool, very dark with cool pictures from Cuba lite up on the walls. Easy to hear the person you are with talking, which makes it nice for a date spot. 
We ordered the tuna tar tar tacos, pork entree and the scallops entree. Tuna tacos were not great. They lacked flavor and just didn't taste like anything special. The pork dish was VERY fatty. I mean you couldn't even eat half of it. That said, some people may like that, but I am not one of them. The scallops were really good! However, it was a very small portion for $29. 
Long story short, the atmosphere was cool, but the food was overpriced and not what I would have expected.I went here for happy hour and was really happy with my experience! 
I got a $5 mojito that was super fresh and you could tell the bartender was putting effort into your drink despite being busy. 
I also got an app for $5 which was guac and plantain chips! Really liked that it was plantain chips instead of tortilla chips. I really felt like I was in Cuba!! 
Only meh thing is that it was a Friday happy hour so finding a seat was difficult and getting a waitress was even harder. But what can I expect on a Friday at 5:30?Probably the best Cuban restaurant I have ever eaten in. Cannot beat their $5 mojitos during happy hour (mmm mango!), made by a bartender with amazing efficiency and economy of movement. Watching him work was like watching poetry in motion. Ambience is A-plus with slow ceiling fans, projected image of Hemingway on the wall, and perfect lighting. Ceviche was fantastically fresh and tasty - we had the triple sampler and all 3 of us had a different favorite. Scallop entree with quinoa was to die for, perfectly accompanied by a glass of cava. Hope to return on my next trip to Philly.This is such a great place. There food is fabulous and the wait staff is very attentive.  This is a must go to restaurant in Philly!Great food and great service.  Split the Lechon Asada and the Vaca Frita.  Both were large enough portions to have plenty of leftovers.  I would probably be a regular if I lived closer.I'm slowly working my way through all the Starr's and can we just be honest with ourselves here people, you're paying for the inflated brand name that Stephen has gained over the years and not because it's over the top quality. I've been here twice and never been really satisfied with the food. Sure you'll enjoy your time here, but if you're shelling out top dollar, go to some of the other places in Philadelphia with top quality food.
The food I ordered was absolutely massacred in the kitchen and when it was delivered my server immediately apologized before I said anything. My family ate while I waited for my meal to be re-done. When it came back, my meat was cooked about two tiers off (ordered medium rare, was delivered medium well). I decided to just eat it since it had already been 20 minutes since my families food had arrived. Even with it cooked improperly, it wouldn't have been very good either way.
The server was very friendly and I did not let this bad experience completely define my feelings about this restaurant, but it definitely didn't help my slowly growing suspicion that we're all being brainwashed into thinking Starr is the God of Philadelphia cuisine.What a beautiful night for a walk!  We called about 6pm to see if we needed reservations and we were told that the next reservation was for 10:30. They  then said that they have immediate seating in the lounge area. It took us a while to walk there and when we arrived at 7:00pm  there was no line and we were seated at a very small table with nice comfy chairs.  The bar was not that crowded and the noise was not that bad.
     We ordered the appetizer sampler for 2, and all of it was really good, my favorite was the date.
     My wife ordered the vegetarian salad and said it was the best she ever had, the black bean soup I had was very good but too large for a first course. 
     For the main course my wife had the rum soaked duck, it was wonderful.  I ordered the Cuban shrimp & grits. I was disappointed. The spiciness of the salsa covered all of the other flavors, the salsa was good, but I could not taste the shrimp or the grits.  If I were to eat here again I would order something different.
     Overall it was a very pleasant experience.  Attentive, capable waiters, and most of the food was incredible.  By the time we left near 8:00 pm the place was really getting crowded in the bar area and very loud. 
     A couple of tips, call for reservation so you can sit upstairs in the dinning room, or get there before the bar/lounge get crowded.If you really want a special treat, EAT HERE!! I dined here about a year ago when in the city for a convention and couldn't wait to return. Finally....was able to return. The Empanadas are delicious - we had the verde - each bite was yummy and the sauce just made them even more unbelievable. The Peking Pato Fried Rice is scrumptious. A different veggie in each bite, and the rice is so warm with some grains are even crispy. Wow! We also tried the Lechón Asado - nothing like crispy pork. The edible Cuban cigar (chocolate almond cake with dulce de leche ice cream AND "matches" (a cookie) that even lit up made it a perfect ending. Many thanks to our awesome waiter, Brandon, who was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu, for offering suggestions and pairings!! We appreciate it!!!Went here for the girlfriend's birthday.  Service  was 5/5. Ambience was 4/5.  Food was 4/5.  
Items ordered: 
2 glasses of Malbec (don't remember vintage or brand)
Young Coconut ceviche (5/5)
Empanadas (4/5)
Side of Fried Yucca (4/5)
Sugarcane Tuna (rare) (5/5)
Skirt Steak (3.5/5)
All the food was on the very good side.  Skirt steak was a bit over charred on edges for my taste, but very good in the middle.  Highly recommend the ceviche.  
I expected the downstairs to be loud, but the upstairs was a little loud as well.  We could still hear each other, just had a yell a little bit.  
A little pricey, but I will probably be back.This place has a really cool atmosphere!  I especially liked the projected pictures on the walls!  My wife and I had several appetizers & drinks, and everything was impressive..  FYI ~ they truly know how to make a great mojito!"... if you're not careful, it can happen to you.  Good ethnic food meets "fusion," i.e. ..."   Annie C.
Can someone PLEASE explain to me when did Cuban food go bland? Since when is Cuban food "Latin Fusion"?
And  when did "Latin Fusion" become Bland Steak/ Seafood house?
I'm not completely  hating on this place its just that I feel lied too. I go to a place called the "SOUL OF CUBA = ALMA DE CUBA" and every item on the menu is NOT even remotely Cuban....!!!! OMG what Fucking gives!!!!!!!! 
Oops I take that back they had Mojito's  Great.... but what about the Garlic the Onions the Cumin the Black beans the tasty rice, seasoned meats and sweet plantains? :( 
You Can go upscale with Cuban but please but don't leave the Cuban part down the scale !!!
Even though I did not have Cuban food  at Alma de Cuba... My meal was great, my server was excellent our drinks were perfect and the ambiance was sublime.
I'm just astonished that Cuban Cuisine was not an option on the menu at Alma de Cuba.The food is just amazing. I travel to Philadelphia 3 to 4 times a year and it seems like I only have dinner at this restaurant. The decorum is very cool and the service is greatWent here for an anniversary celebration and was highly impressed. Service was great and food was delicious. Having traveled extensively through Latin America, it's a bit pricey, but you are paying for high quality preparation, ingredients, and service. Ambience is lovely as well. Recommend ending your meal with the chocolate cigar - it's amazing!Really good food! We went here for my husband's birthday because 1) it's near my office and 2) I had heard great things about it and 3) when we lived in LA, there was a Cuban restaurant he loved. He was really impressed with the nice, upscale Cuban-inspired food here. 
As an entree, I had the lentil and rice cakes. The cake itself wasn't too flavorful, but it was cooked in some kind of spicy red sauce. It was topped with a slaw that reminded me of the fixings you get on bahn mi (in the best way possible) and something else, like sweet potato? It was quite tasting and just the right size. 
My husband got the pork and said the fat was rendered perfectly, leaving a delicious, crispy skin on top. 
We got 3 ceviche dishes to share before our meal. My favorite was the shrimp, which was the most traditional style. We got the flounder and the tilefish, I believe. The texture for both was so-so, but that's more my own preference. The flounder also wasn't as spicy as I had hoped for. The corn nuts+popcorn side that came with the ceviche was kind of whimsical... and good. 
The only real weakness was the cocktails. I got a black cherry caphirina and it tasted mostly like juice. Not overly sweet, mind you, but not balanced in the way a cocktail should be. I also had the dark and stormy, wanting to try the homemade ginger beer, but it wasn't gingery enough at all and had an odd, almost anise-like flavor. My husband had a glass of wine with dinner, and got a cocktail with homemade "cigar bitters" before our meal and THAT was really good. Best cocktail of the night. 
The service was fabulous. The decor was lovely. I loved the glass door etched with leaves when you walk in. There's a large bar and maybe some bar tables downstairs, and the main dining room is upstairs. The tall windows were gorgeous. The high ceilings mean that noise travels and it gets a little loud, but we could still have a conversation. 
I look forward to going back and trying more food. The empanadas look great!One of my favorite restaurants in Philly! Best ceviche and bread in town. Beautiful decor and great service every time I've been there. I will definitely return.Went with our daughter and son in law for a meal. Upon arrival we were greeted and seated immediately. The bar downstairs was crowded but the restaurant was only about half full. It was 630pm on a Monday.
Service was prompt and cheerful. We got mojito's which were uniformly good. The small rolls they serve here are one of our favorites, but on this visit they were unfortunately not hot or warm. Also the chimichuri dipping sauce was different, it was good but not the same as in the past when it was a bit clearer and oily. This time it was creamy and thick. We like the old sauce better.
We started with the fresh seafood ceviche which was quite delicious.  Then we moved on to the appetizer offering and got 7 different types. We particularly enjoyed the foie gras. At this point we were sated and even though we could have eaten more all felt we were good so we wrapped it up with a dessert, the chocolate cigar which we all split, and some espressos. Very nice.
A really fine place with great service, unique food and pleasant ambience. Price was as expected.
Nancy & Mark.If you like good authentic Cuban food without the need for international travel and breaking trade embargoes, I highly recommend Alma de Cuba. The building, vibe and décor are evocative of old Havana. Not the old Havana of Castro and socialism, but the romanticized Havana of the mob in the roaring 50s. Alma de Cuba is a restaurant that Meyer Lansky would have loved, just add some gambling and showgirls, he'd never leave.
This place is a scene; great for a date you want to impress or to show off Philly to out of town guests. Be prepared to drop $40-$60 per person, but you are sure to leave satisfied. Make sure to check out the marlin tacos, the pomegranate marinated duck and fried sweet plantains. Finish off your meal with the rum soaked tres leches. Inevitably this will lead you to question why more things in life are not soaked in rum and three kinds of milk, and that is how revolutions begin.Id give it 3.5 if i could. The food was very tasty. I love the menu and it's style of modern Cuban cuisine. The price point is very high, so they definitely lose some ground there. Food was exquisitely prepared. Two of our three ceviches were amazing, one wasnt very good. Both our mains were good, the vaca frita and the lechon. The dessert wasnt very good. I'd go back for the ambiance and the main courses alone, but definitely a treat meal because of the price.I had one day to spend in Philadelphia this weekend and I knew exactly where I wanted to go for dinner.  Three years ago, I went to Alma de Cuba for the first time and had such a great experience that I knew I wanted to go there again.  It is a restaurant with a great atmosphere, great food, and great service. This time, for appetizers, my friends and I ordered the royal palm dates, the empanada de verde, and the red watercress salad.  None of the appetizers disappointed.  Usually I'm not a fan of eating dates, but the appetizer was phenomenal.  The entree portions were very large.  I chose the cilantro honey mustard glazed salmon, which was coated with an abundance of actual mustard seeds and served on top of a delicious sauce.  My friend who hates seafood tried a small piece of the fish, and she thought it was decent, which really says something about how good the entree was.  Definitely happy that I made this my one stop for dinner in Philly!Dinner with 10 colleagues last night was fantastic. We were able to try a variety of dishes family style given the size of our party.Excellent food, especially the Vacas fritas was as good as everyone mentioned.  I ate way too much and the wine was flowing.  
I gave it minus one star because the service was lacking a bit.  We were occasionally missing utensils on the plates to share and it was hard to reach the waiters after they left our table  (granted they did make frequent stops to our table though).This place got me "LUCKY".. so cool, three stories and delicious food. She loved the tacos and i loved the atmosphere. Highly recommended to all.Ceviche tasting. Delish!In town for a work-conference, and I crowd-sourced restaurant recommendations. Alma De Cuba was the most widely recommended, and it did not disappoint one bit. We sat on the first floor, which was decorated to be like an old Cuban cafe from the 1950s. The classic mojito was terrific, if only a little too small for the $10 cost. I ordered the skirt steak and it was by far, one of the best Cuban dishes I've ever had. We also ordered a side of sweet plantains and they did not disappoint.This is one of my favorite Phili spots! Drinks and food - awesome! The steak is fantastic, highly recommend it. For dessert, get the chocolate cigar! They even light it for you. I got the pork dish and thought it was a little fatty, maybe that is how it is in Cuba? But the restaurant was a little dark so it was hard to find what piece to eat and what to go around. Black beans and rice were great. For drinks, my sister got the mojito and it is very refreshing. The top floor can get a little warm so the manager got us free drinks. I can not remember the name of my drink, it was a Cuban whiskey drink and I loved it. 
What really sets this restaurant apart is the service. They really put the customer at the center and want you to have a great experience. If you are in the area I highly recommend it.WOWWWWWWWWWWWW. That was an experience. Restaurant week, thank you for making Alma de Cuba only way outside my price range, instead of absurdly out of my price range. (This place has got to be one of the best deals for Restaurant Week. 3-course meal for $35, and my appetizer was regularly listed as ~$19, and my entree was $28...not to mention dessert.)
FOOD:
--the infamous pre-appetizer cheesy "bread" balls: It's a Columbian bread called pandebono. I've had better, but it is indeed delicious. And I had read (thank you fellow Yelper!) that you could ask for seconds, so I did :) Also, the sauce it comes with is so delicious! I tasted some cilantro in there I think, maybe a bit of jalapeno. Just awesome. WARNING: They do have cheese in them, and they don't tell you. My 
--Fluke ceviche: Wow. Literally exquisite. I'm not usually a huge fan of raw fish, but I knew ceviche is this place's specialty, so I went for it. It was absolutely delicious. The fish was so tender and wasn't particularly fishy-tasting, got the wonderful citrus, mixed with the soy sauce, it was just probably the most amazing culinary experience I've had in years. And that's saying something.
--My friends liked their split pea soup and the ensalada de tierra verde, but weren't raving.
--Vaca frita: Another wow! So delicious and so flavorful. The steak is so tasty, and nice and crispy on the outside (it's twice cooked...I'm assuming once like a normal steak, and then its fried, so the outside is crispy), soooo juicy, and so tender I didn't even need my knife to shred it. Just so many flavors. The beans were delicious, the tomato escabeche was delicious like a sweet salsa, it was just all sooooo good together. I want it again now. I would definitely get this plate again in a heartbeat. Also, note, it doesn't look like it will be super filling, but it is! And I'm a good eater.
--Porkchop (not on the regular menu): "Garlic Brined & Smoked Pork Chop with
congri rice, pickled onions, sour orange mojo" My friend liked it, but I tried it and I was underwhelmed.
--Brazilian Shrimp Stew: "Brazilian Shrimp Stew with collard greens, coconut, cashews." Everyone thought it was interesting. My friend liked it, but I'm glad I didn't order it. It was a little spicy, and just weird, like we couldn't place any of the flavors. Also, it's not really a stew, or at least not what I think of when I think of stew. It has rice in a creamy kind of sauce, and it's definitely not soupy at all. The sauce was more creamy than stewy, and there wasn't like extra of it beyond what was coating the shrimp and the rice, etc.
--Carrot cake: "with vanilla mousse, candied currants, walnut dulce ice cream" We all had this for dessert over the other choice ("Vanilla Rice Pudding with passionfruit sauce, white chocolate tuile"). It was really good. Not your traditional carrot cake. It was kind of decomposed, it was really interesting. Three individual squares of carrot cake separated by a less sweet version of your traditional cream cheese frosting (or maybe that was the vanilla mousse...I tried it by itself though, and I thought it was more of a toned-down cream cheese frosting than a vanilla mousse...although in that case we were missing vanilla mousse. So it was probably vanilla mousse.). And then the candied currants were reminiscent of raisins in a carrot cake. The little tiny scoop of dulce ice cream was tasty, but annoyed me. I hate it when restaurants give you a tiny little scoop of ice cream. Like it doesn't have to be a normal sized scoop, but at least medium-sized so I can taste it?! Also had a little thin caramel sugar tuile with little pieces of chocolate in it which was a nice touch.
DRINKS:
Friends liked their mojitos alright (stick of sugar cane, nice touch). I meant to order the black cherry caipirinha, but got the lime one. Oh well. It was fine. Mine was stronger than everyone else's, but was also $2 more so that's good.
SERVICE:
Here is where I would take off half a star if I could. The ladies at the front were super sweet, and they have a coat check service if you'd like. Our waiter, however, was not the friendliest. He was around and filled our water glasses plenty, but just not friendly at all. But my main beef with their service was that they mixed up my friend's entree, so 3/4 of us had our correct dishes, but they were insisting that she ordered something that she didn't, and finally figured out they must have messed it up, and just took the plate away without even an "I'm sorry for the confusion" or a "We'll be right out with your dish!" And then when they brought the dish (about 4 minutes later! That's way too long at a place of this quality, in my opinion...The three other dishes got room temp while we were waiting!), they mumbled a half-hearted "Sorry about that." Boo!
ATMOSPHERE:
Cute and very trendy! Awkwardly low seats though.
--------
Overall, I hope I will be back (with my parents so I don't have to pay again!)Just go for their Coconut Mojito (not on the menu). Also loved their Royal Palm Dates - dates wrapped in bacon - what a combination! Totally worth it!Phenomenal food, wait staff and atmosphere. It's like Latin fusion. The wait staff knows so much about the dishes and they describe them in a manor that makes you almost able to taste it before you choose it.okay, the food here is good. but absolutely everything is overpriced. i spent $90 on a dinner there that should have cost me $45. $30 wines are on the wine list for $80 or $90. the drinks are expensive, although not ridiculous unless you figure in the tiny size with virtually no alcohol. 
it is a shame that this restaurant overprices so badly (feels like extortion) since the food is actually good (not amazing, but where else in the city do you get fried plantains). i'm constantly amazed that people go back (and take me with them). if you're going, try the swordfish, one of the better (and more original) dishes, that one is really great.  some of the ceviches are great and others are only so-so.  the rest of the food, if prepared well is decent, though nothing to rave about, but so inconsistent it makes you want to cry.
oh, and it's a bad sign when the waiter can only recommend the most expensive wine on the wine list (he actually recommended a $145 bottle for a table of 8). maybe i'm just poor, but that's bad etiquette.A group of 15 of us were in Philadelphia this week for a meeting, and Alma de Cuba was suggested as a place for good food, fun and good service....it was all that and more!! 
The food was served family style which made it fun to share. The flavors were terrific, not too spicy but very flavorful, and for a group of 15 at one large table, the service was terrific! 
I would recommend this restaurant for any occasion if you want a fun place, great food and excellent service!Great atmosphere. Our waiter was awesome and made the experience. Portions are huge, you can definitely share. Great first place for Cuban food.Loved the food, service and ambience. Went with a large group for a late dinner.  They sat us upstairs in a semi-private area, wise on their part as we got a little loud after many drinks.  The dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with blue cheese were just as good as the version at Jaleo in DC.  The lechon asado was amazing, best ive ever had, even better than the versions had in Puerto Rico. Note- the lechon is served with a bitter orange mojo which gave the dish a very assertive flavor.  I loved it, but a friend didn't. For dessert- who can resist a long flaming chocolate cigar.  White sangria was really good with bits of liquor soaked fruit.  Yum!8/14/12. I had the Vaca frita which more closely resembled a simple skirt steak.  It wasn't as 'frita' as I would have liked.  It was however, very very tasty but was it worth the $28 price tag..... no.  I did like the downstairs seating area with the projected photos on the wall.  It's another nice special occasion date night place.  4 stars for food and decor.  3 stars for price.You won't be disappointed by the menu.  Wonderful ceviche and seafood.  Try the tostones - fried plantian "chips" with fresh garlic.  So aromatic and delicious!  I've visited a few times and enjoyed the Hemingway daiquiri, sangria, and Dark and Stormy.  I had one of the best meals of my life there at the bar, so it's a great venue to try.  Their chef is outstanding. Service is professional and on top of things.
Only complaint is that the seating on the main floor is lounge chairs, which can be a bit awkward if you want to eat, but great for hanging out and drinking.I revisited this after a few years on a non restaurant week time period. This further supported my theory that restaurant week sucks at well known restaurants. Besides giving you the chance to get in there and try a few things cheap, the restaurants don't really care and their restaurant week menus aren't done very well. 
I had the Rum Cured Duck Breast which was in a creamm yucca, duck vigoron with smoked currants and some type of coleslaw thing. The duck was medium rare and delicious. It was sliced and the sauce was amazing. The coleslaw stuff... was just sour and vinegarry.. I didn't really enjoy that. The duck itself was marvelous and I would definitely recommend it.Beautiful restaurant with interesting menu.   Would definitely return next time I'm in Philly.Exceptional food and service. Went for father's day and a birthday and they answered questions and really helped us make good menu choices.100% recommendThe place is nice and Service is great. Drinks are really really good specially the sauve mojito. The food is a bit overrated and overprice but I guess u will be paying for the ambiance. There was no WOW factor with me:(Trendy/upscale theme restaurant in center city. It is very low lit and romantic and makes a perfect venue for a date. I came here in the summer with the girlfriend and we were definitely impressed. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and highly attentive.
Because I am Colombian, one of my favorite things about this place is their pan de bono (cheese bread) served with some seasoned oil which makes a nice snack while your are waiting for your appetizer/entrée. I had the ceviche for appetizer, lamb for entrée and tres leches for desert. Everything was on point in terms of taste, although the portions are not big so if you are looking to stuff yourself this is not the place for you. Walnut is not an easy street to find parking on so make sure to give yourself some time if you want to make your reservation.Restaurant week. Delicious all three courses.  Nice music on a weeknight. Not too loud. And some attractive faces/good people watching but mostly on dates.Enjoyed it so much we had the company holiday party there. The food was excellent and the space on the second floor can be reserved for groups...book early. Don't skip the appetizers they are all great.Soo, why 4 stars and why not 5 stars, you ask?!
Only reason is because of the cost. I'm the greatest! fan of cheap food with awesome quality! I prefer to go to the cheapest restaurants that have the best quality food. Is this one of those types of restaurants? No. 
Everybody's got their own style... some just like the high class, fancy restaurants ....  Okay! I'm going to move on now... 
This review on the food is disregarding the cost of the food!
SHORT RIB ANTICHUCHOS/SKEWER (2 skewers of short rib) - $10
Their short-rib skewer was not bad. It had this cooked molasses sauce which covered the short-rib. It wasn't bad, but it had some pieces of fat on them. Watch out for the FAT, please! Don't wanna get too much fat! heh! =)
SHRIMP ANTICHUCHOS/SKEWER (2 pieces of shrimp on skewer) - $10
The shrimp skewer was not bad. It was only two pieces of shrimp, one on each skewer, with the same molasses sauce. It was fine. But I can't get over the fact that each piece of shrimp. Now, I know that I said I would review this without consideration of cost, but shoot me. I don't know if I would get this again for $5/shrimp.
YUCCA with Creamy Mojo - $7??
So ... I had no idear! what yucca was. How does one describe yucca. It's like potato but lighter than a potato (not as dense).  It came with a creamy garlic sauce sprinkled on the yucca in cubes (about 1.5-2 cm) wide. It was nice. I only had a few pieces since we ordered this towards the end.
SWEET PLAINTAINS - $6/7??
not bad. They were thick cut sweet plaintains with some white sauce drizzled on it. This was good, but.. I think my taste buds may have been dulled by the fullness of my stomach.
APPETIZER BREAD BALLS 
Whoa! were these good. How to describe these, you ask? they're a little ball of bread -- but not your typical bread. While it was a little bit of the dough-y bread, it had some glutinous insides? Glutinous what, you ask? Well, it's a bit sticky and chewy on the inside. Korean bakeries typically have glutinous breads, so you'll know exactly what i'm talking about if you're at all familiar with the korean bakery glutinous breads. Anyway, this ball of deliciousness came with an olive oil based dipping sauce with garlic, and what seemed like pesto, but ... don't quote me on the pesto. Whatever it was, it was all amazing. They only give you two bread balls. Can I have another serving please? I was not ashamed to ask for more!!! Yes, please!My wife and I went here for our anniversary and we absolutely loved it. 
Highlights include: 
-- Entirely gluten-free menu, which includes their amazing Yuca flour biscuits.
-- Romantic atmosphere.
-- High quality service.
-- Delicious and creative dishes. 
We both ordered the skirt steak and it was some of the best skirt steak I have ever had. Their ceviche was great too. 
We will definitely return.Excellent food, drinks and atmosphere. Hats off to their gluten free appetizers.  
Lively atmosphere and very good service.I was in Philly for a business trip, I came here for dinner with my co-workers and it was the best meal I had while I was in town. The drinks wasn't as memorable as the food. I had the duck with a side of spinach. It was amazing! the duck was perfectly cooked, the salad that came with it was yummy, the sauce complemented the dish really well.  I didn't get desert, but I had a bite of my coworkers and it was good, but all I can remember is that duck.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly. I have no complaints at all.Loved it! The food was great.
Cool atmoshere and excellent service.
Slightly pricy...Great atmosphere, excellent service, and tremendous ceviche and appetizers, all complimented by a fantastic, simple drink menu (loved the Havana Old Fashioned).  The entrees had a hard act to follow, but they held up just fine.  The crispy pork was fantastic, the tuna just good.  
This place works for just about any occasion.  M wife and I went on our anniversary, but we'll be back with friends.  Give it a try - you won't be disappointed.  If you are, you did it wrong.Awesome. I have been to this restaurant several times. The food is authentic, service and ambiance are all top notch. I think the price is reasonable. It leaves up to what you would expect from a Stephen Starr restaurant.Great place to go on a date or just to have a nice dinner. From the outside the restaurant looks like some fancy villa, but inside is dim with a nice, romantic atmosphere. My girlfriend and I had a 7:30 reservation on a Saturday and got seated with no problems. The service was polite, prompt, and so helpful in figuring out what to order from the menu. We started with an order of yellowtail tiradito and verde empanadas, and for our entrees she got the arroz con pollo (chicken and rice) while I got lechon (crispy roasted pork).
-Yellowtail tiradito ($16): sliced thin like a carpaccio/sashimi and covered in apple chunks, cucumber chunks, and vinaigrette. The fish was so fresh and delicious, but there was a bit too much vinaigrette which overpowered everything else.
-Spinach empanadas ($14): lightly crispy, filled with spinach and cheese with an artichoke spread
-Smoked marlin mini-tacos: they gave us two on the house! The fish was flavorful and meaty, can't really complain about free food
-Lechon asado ($29): hands down my favorite dish of the night. A giant hunk of delicious, tender pork with a layer of melt in your mouth fat and perfectly crispy skin, all covered in an orange sauce over rice. I eat like an animal (as my friends can tell you) and there was way more than I could finish. However, since it was so big cooking was a little uneven, with some leaner slices being dryer and other slices almost all fat.
-Arroz con pollo ($25): a big chicken quarter over a bed of rice. Meat was pretty tender and tasty, while the rice was surprisingly flavorful and good enough to be its own dish.
Considering the quality, they are definitely generous with their entree and meat portions. The appetizers do seem pretty pricy, though. Overall, the food is fantastic, and the swanky atmosphere makes for a great experience.Stopped in after an Eagles post-game tailgate party, so we had spoiled our appetite.  Decided to get apps and sides only, and with the large portion sizes, we had plenty left over.  I ordered the Octopus Escalivada and my friend got the Royal Palm Dates.  We also got a side of Sweet Plantains and Tostones.  All were delish!
The octopus is a bit salty with the kalamata olives, but the flavor goes well with the dish.  I didn't leave a bite.  I heard the dates were also great, but I'm not a fan of blue cheese or bacon, so didn't try them.  Nobody had room for entrees or dessert, so we'll have to go back again soon to try them.  Note that the app prices are high ($16 and $14), more like entree prices in other restaurants, as our bill came to $56 with a glass of wine.  Service was excellent and the ambience was nice (though get out your flashlight to read the menu).  Can't wait to try it when I'm actually hungry!The food was delicious!! The waitresses were so helpful and nice. If you don't want to wait for a table on a weekend make a reservation since it gets really busy.Whenever I go to Philly, I try to eat at a Steven Starr restaurant since he is the restaurant king in Philly and I haven't been disappointed yet. My friend suggested we go and it his mom's favorite place. It was also a coincidentally appropriate choice since my other friend who was to join us just came back from Gitmo. Seriously.
The atmosphere has a sleek, sexy vibe and is great for groups and for a date as well. The service was efficient and our waitress was very attentive. The cocktail list is diverse and my champagne sangria was delicious. I ordered the duck and it was cooked perfectly although the portion was a bit small but it was probably better that way so I wouldn't stuff my face.
Overall, I would recommend it!My all time favorite Cuban restaurant.  The Oysters Rodriguez are to die for.  Please someone get me the recipe.  I will be eternally indebted.My husband and I chose to visit this restaurant after reading reviews on yelp and it didn't disappoint! We went on Valentine's Day and were given a late reservation which was fine with us because we didn't close our restaurant until late anyway. The service was amazing, from beginning to end. The atmosphere was cozy and low lit with a single candle on the table, perfect for our valentine's dinner. We started off with Empanada de Verde and the Alma Sampler. My husband also ordered there soup special which I don't remember what it's called but it was great too. Everything was delicious, of the three I would definitely try the Alma Sampler it was amazing, I don't have words to describe the taste. Since we had never been to a Latin restaurant we really weren't sure what to expect or even order but our server was very helpful in that area. We then ordered the Rum Cured Duck Breast and the Vaca Frita for our main course, everything was great with the exception that there was a stone in the black beans of the Vaca Frita. Definitely a turn off for that to happen while you're enjoying your meal however not only did they replace the food but also removed it from our bill along with the cost of our two desserts! To end the night we had their signature Chocolate Cigar and Dulce de Leche Crepes. Once again amazing! This place is my new favorite restaurant and I will be returning soon!food was nothing special. i suppose you are paying for the ambiance and the service. this was to be expected at a stephen starr jointThe complimentary yucca bread was to die for! I also tried the albacore tacos which at first I thought were average until I kept eating it (and really started to crave them days later). I had the vaca frita which seemed good at first, but after eating so many bites of the same thing I got bored. The scallop dish was delicious although it only came with 3 large scallops. I got the chocolate cigar which was very concentrated, if you're into it. I had to drink water after each bite.Delicious, delicious food and drinks!  We started off at their happy hour which has $5 drinks and appetizers.  Absolutely worth it.  My boyfriend and I got the mango mojitos which were the special drink of the day and four of the Ecuadorian Shrimp ceviche shooters ($1/shooter during happy hour). We also ordered the empanada de verde.  I think they were gone within three minutes of being put on the table.  We sat at a little table instead of the bar and had a server that wasn't exactly up to par so her co-workers definitely stepped in for her.  We then headed to dinner and had a great table on the third floor with a view of the second floor.  For dinner I ordered the Chicken Imperial and my boyfriend had the Lechon Asado.  They both were absolutely spectacular and the portions were large enough that we had leftovers for lunch the next day.  For dessert we ordered the Vanilla Flan and Cafe con Leche.  It was spectacular end to a very filling and wonderful meal.  My biggest (and only) complaint is about the lighting in the restaurant.  It is so incredibly dark I could barely see my boyfriend sitting across from me.  I get that its supposed to be apart of the ambiance, but when you can't see the menu, your food, or the person across from you, the lights need to be turned up just a few .Very Very good...best food in Philly.  Had an issue with the bill, hopefully it was a fluke, but I always check, even on date night.  (they added a bottle of wine to our bill).
Smoked albacore tacos were amazing!The food here is amazing! The vaca frita is definitely a must. The atmosphere is a low lighting, modern place. Great for a romantic dinner.Came here for my husband's birthday while we were in Philly for the weekend and we were not disappointed. The restaurant is quite pretty and we were seated on the third floor. Service was super friendly and helpful and with our reservation we were seated right away.
The best part of the restaurant was the food though! While we looked through the menu, they brought the cuban sweet rolls and they were good. Not as great as people have reviewed prior, but they were nice. We weren't super hungry so we started with something light, the ceviche trio. We had the Thai Mixto, Shrimp and Fluke. My favorite was the thai mixto which had a lovely coconut flavor that went perfectly with the seafood and mango. The shrimp was also super tasty though a bit reminiscent of shrimp cocktail. The fluke was nice with the asian flavors of yuzu and soy. All three were a perfect start to the meal and we were not disappointed. 
For my main course, I had the duck and my husband had the vaca frita. His steak was fork tender and quite a large portion. He enjoyed it greatly. I loved my duck. It was cooked perfectly and the flaky potato crisps and creamy yucca and sauce were amazing. One of my favorite duck dishes ever. For dessert we got the chocolate cigar which was good and a nice touch to the end of the meal. It was not a super large portion, but it was very rich and decadent and we didn't need all that much to feel satisfied. I also had a cafe havana which was sweetened with coconut milk and it was so creamy and tasty, almost a dessert on its own. 
Prices were to be expected, and overall it was a nice place and meal for our only dinner in Philly. It would have been a nice gesture for them to have comped the dessert for my husband's birthday, but other than that, no complaints!My boyfriend is not a fan of Steven Starr resturants but becuase it was Valentines Day I convinced him to take me there. Everything from the service to the food was amazing! We were very happy with the food. The waitress were very nowlegable about the menu. Oysters Rodriguez is a MUST for an appitizer! Best thing I ever ate!!Delicious dinner...start to finish..mohitos, sangria, fish tacos, cerviche...everything ... including the coffee!Okay so.. I had always looked past this place anytime that i am downtown but I had met a date of  mine at his place. When i went in my coat immediately got checked. The hostess was awesome.  my date wanted me to try this new wine i think it was mallback or marlbach or something like that... i really liked the wine. the waitress was awesome. I really liked the atmosphere... overall this was a really nice place. I would suggest to go here for a date.Arrived at 9:00 pm for a colleagues birthday celebration. Hung out at the downstairs bar until her other guests arrived. Had a glass of Rose followed by the white mojito (I can't think of the name of the drink that's actually on the menu) but it was tasty!
For my meal I ordered the steak with rice & beans and found that to be okay. I guess because I was super hungry I was disappointed in the serving size, but I literally ate everything, lol.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  Between the delicious bread/dip, Buena Visa Social club music, and excellent entrees and the dessert chocolate cigar- you can't go wrong here. 
Great for a night with the family, a date, or just going out for dinner with a friend.This was the second time I came here. The mojito is fantastic... love the sugarcane they put in. I would absolutely recommend the appetizer sampler to try the crab empanadas and the trout tacos. As a meal, I had the bacalao with mofongo. My husband thought it was salty but I thought it was perfect... the sauce was a bit sweet and balanced it out. Service was attentive and we were a bit out of our element as we were traveling with our four year old just a bit before dinner time. Everyone was super accommodating which we appreciated.Atmosphere, Food, Drinks and Rosa's service were excellent! It was our second visit from California and is a must on our next visit. Love this place!A solid 4.5 Stars.
I was visiting Philly alone and had no idea where to eat.  While walking out in Center City, I pulled up my trusty Yelp App and decided that I would pick the closest 4 Star restaurant to my location.  Well, Philly, you sure are doin' something right, because there were at least 5 places near me that sounded amazing! Alma de Cuba just so happened to be literally 30 feet from my location, so I walked inside.
Overall: Amazing food, incredibly pleasant hostess, bartender, and waitstaiff, and I would visit again here in a heartbeat.  They were not turned off by the fact that I was dressed casually or that I was eating alone at the bar, and I received EXCELLENT service.
The atmosphere here is dark and incredibly romantic. There is a bar and a lounge area downstairs and a main dining room upstairs, and this would be the perfect place for a romantic date. Not a first or second date....but maybe a 4th date. Or a we-have-a-babysitter-so-lets-do-it-right date. If a guy brought me here, he would get whatever he wanted afterward.
Now....down to the specifics.
I did something at Alma de Cuba that I try to do every so often and usually fail at - I played Kamakazi Diner.  What does Kamakazi Diner entail, you ask? Well, you tell your server/bartender that you will eat anything (for me, it is anything that is not chicken or turkey) and let them order for you.  I will tell you right now that 99% of the time what happens is that they fail.  In an epic manner.  They start saying things like "Oh, well it depends on what you're in the mood for" or "Well, it's so hard, it depends on what you like."  But every so often, someone will get it right.  At Alma de Cuba.....they got it right. Big time.
I feel horrible that I can't remember the bartender's name, but she was brunette, super cute, has worked there for 3.5 years, and is originally from Connecticut. Hopefully someone reads this and can pass on my thanks....I bow down to this woman.
When I gave her the "hey, I'll eat anything" like, what was her response? "Great, I would start with the smoked marlin tacos."  No hesitation.  Just balls-out.  Freakin' brilliant.
It only got better from there.  The drinks are delicious and STRONG; I had a Mango martini and I was quite toasted afterward and had the best sleep of my life.  The smoked marlin tacos were amazing as was the vaca frita (skirt steak). Partway through the vaca frita, I asked her if I should add on either the coconut quinoa or plantains, and she told me the plantains would go well with the vaca frita.  Of course, she was completely right.
She also picked dessert for me and I had the dulce de leche crepes. 
This was one of the top 20 meals of my life both for the combination of service, niceness to a single diner, and awesome food.  Philly, I hope I get to visit you again soon and come back try the quinoa.One of the best meals ever......  Where to start?  Well my wife and I went out to a show in Philly and made reservations for Alma de Cuba.  Upon walking in the door the place had an intimate ambiance about it.  Once seated and greeted by our waitress we asked if they had a tasting menu.  On a Friday evening this wasn't usually available, but she stated the chef this evening may be willing, she then left to check.  Well lucky for us, she came back with a "Yes" and the chef would be more than happy to do it.  So the options we were given were: 1) 5 courses per person for $65 or 2) 7 courses per person for $85.  It was definitely a no-brainer for us.  We went with the seven course.  We were asked if there were items off the menu and I believe we picked three (1) Royal Palm Dates (2) Oysters Rodriguez and (3) The Chocolate Cigar.  Other than that, we told the waitress to relay to the chef that we have no allergies and give him free reign to experiment.  So I will just say from there on course after course was filled with simply the best food ever.  Outside of the three requested entrees its hard to tell others what we ate since everything else that was made was not on the menu.  The two different cerviche's were phenomenal in addition to the grilled octopus.  The one item that really stood out above all the other excellent food was the lobster pot pie that was loaded with butter and literally melted in your mouth.  Similar to the other recommendations, the chocolate cigar is the way to go for dessert.  Of course we had a couple of mojito's to wash down the food.  If you happen to be in Philly, you must make your way here.  Outside of many other reasons to go to Philly, I would make the trek just to go here.I'm truly not able to focus on much more than the lechon I had here.  I became delirious once ingesting it, and was curious why Anthony Bourdain did not have a dedicated space in this establishment, gorging himself on crispy succulent pork.
Every appetizer was divine and presentation was gorgeous.  From tapas to dulce, every flavor was robust and balanced.  The cocktails were excellent and they have a spot on wine list.  Cannot say enough about Alma de Cuba, from the atmosphere, staff and food.  A+.Fun atmosphere and quality food at Alma. I tried the steak but despite recommendations it was only passable. But almost every other dish was prepared well. Would highly recommend the Yucca. Best I've ever had.Solid destination for tasty apps and margaritas. Nice atmosphere with attentive service, nice atmosphere and interesting clientele. Worth the trip into the city or simply trying somewhere new.I love Alma de Cuba. It is a wonderful place with a fun vibe. I highly recommend going for happy hour. David, the bartender, is a magician. He makes fabulous mojitos...and you cannot beat the $5 price. I cannot say enough good things about this place.Worth the money!! 
The place might be a bit pricy but definitely worth the experience! 
The service is great! Decoration is phenomenal and most importantly the food is never to be forgotten!the food is meager to ok, but definitely overpriced like any steven starr restaurant.
personally, what i enjoy this place the most for is drinks. late night, when all the center city joints are packed to the rim (you know who i'm talking about...) this place stays pretty chill. the atmosphere is just right, with enough place to grab a seat and with music just loud enough that you can enjoy it without having to shout to get heard. all in all, one of my favorite drinks spots in the city! try a mojito!I loved this place!!! First, took advantage of the happy hour ($5 monitors and $5 guacamole - with smoked pineapple). Then, we were seated on the spacious second level for dinner.... and yum! Every dish was fresh (ceviche sampler), full of amazing flavor (bronzino) and served with class and style (thanks to David our waiter). Just great! It isn't cheap, but it is a treat.Relaxed and mod lounge-like seating with dim lighting and great service.  The food, of course, is amazing.  
Some highlights:
-The vaca frita skirt steak is very tender and flavorful
-The lechon asado was nicely done with a juicy interior covered by a layer of crispy pork skin
-The corn-crusted dorade was solid but didn't stand out compared to the other dishes.
-The smoked albacore fish tacos were a great starter - the fish to toppings ratio was perfect.
-The duck ropa viejo definitely stole the show: juicy, flavorful, and melt-in-your mouth tender.  This is the must-try entree.  
-The fried yucaa side is also a tried-and-true classic: crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and covered with a nice thin layer of sweet dressing.
-And don't leave without the chocolate cigar!  It's small so there will always be room for a chocolate mousse cake that literally resembles a cigar!I've been to Cuba. I love Cuba, the people the music the food. Believe it or not this is outstanding version. The problem is it's way too nice. The best restaurants in Havana are not this good. It's not that it's too expensive (it is) but if you've been there this is like the Disney Epcot's version of a mythological pre 1959 Havana. I like Havana grit and shabby ness . But eat here then go to Cuba! It's amazing!Absolutely amazing. There are 500+ other reviews so I don't think I can add much value. This is easily one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia, if not the best.Ambiance and service as some of the best in town. And frankly, the mojitos are the best in town and probably the most balanced (while being stronger than usual too). I've been hear numerous times, and one one occasion was waiting for some company, and had two of them in the interim and suffice it to say, they were astonishing. I just get the Classico, by the way.
The menu is delicious too, especially when Garces was running the show. As a duo, Starr and Garces had a pretty mean restaurant. I remember the first time I was there and the $250 bill for two that proved it--it was totally worth it.
Memorable favorites are the Chilean sea bass (not on the menu anymore), the sea scallops, and the crispy roast pork. They are delicious and well-executed, again with some of the best-trained staff in town. Say what you will about Starr but his servers are very approachable, humble, and knowledgeable. I never feel like an idiot asking dumb questions about wine.
I want to give this place three Starrs, if you will, but that might be because of my prejudices against the man in question and the fact that my unadventurous in-laws insist that we go here when they are in town. But I can't complain, it's a treasure and a staple. There are better options, but when you are satisfied and smoking (actually eating) that chocolate cigar at the end of your meal, you aren't going to be thinking about the most adventurous Latin cuisine you could have had. You'll be more than content.I love coming here for happy hour or a pre-dinner stop! (sadly, I can't afford having actual dinner here just yet). I love the vibe and atmosphere, feels classy yet super welcoming at the same time. I always get the mojitos here but last time I tried the black cherry caipirinha and it was delicious! Usually will sit at the bar and also order the empanadas which are sooo yummy.  Bartender is super nice and friendly. Fun place!Ok this place is awesome I had the branzino and it was amazing and my fiancé had the skirt steak the venue was really nice and he mojitos are good as well. I also had the demise of something it was a bourbon drink, very good. I highly recommend this place the ambiance is great if you like a cool swanky place.I went here for the first time a few weeks ago and it was amazing! Our server was extremely helpful and knew a lot about the dishes; he even made some great suggestions. The drinks were delicious as well. Although this was on the pricier side, I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for delicious Cuban food and/or Cocktails.We had the lechon asado and the banzino. 
I live from miami so i know a lot about this type of food and have had very high quality latin food. The fish was good but perhaps not my fish of choice and as for the lechon asado, it lacked a bit of more innovation. I can have that plate at any corner in miami for 1/2 the price
Besides that, it was very nice environment and very good service. For someone who has not tried latin food before it is a very good option. 
EnjoyCan't go wrong with any Stephen Starr restaurant! I went here during restaurant week, and I really enjoyed it here. It's a dimly lit place, so you get that relaxed vibe as soon as you walk in, with the help of some ambient beats that plays in the background. 
It's a dressy place also, so it's serious business when eating here. I'm sort of keen to places where I get to dress up. Eating becomes a different experience, but maybe that's just me. Even the CHAIRS are super comfortable! So not only did I enjoy the food, but I was snug while I ate. It's a 3 story restaurant with each higher floor serving as a balcony overlooking the floor beneath. I ate on the 3rd floor and right at the edge of the balcony, so I was able to see the second and first floor. Who would've thought one would say, "Nice view" inside a restaurant?
I ordered the Black Bean Soup for starters, Fried Cow for my main course, and the Flan for dessert. Each course is beautifully presented. You realize that cooking is truly an art form once you see your orders carefully decorated on your plate. I would've taken pictures on my phone, but it was really that dim. Everything was cooked perfectly. The soup was warm until the last spoonful. The steak was cooked just enough to hold its juiciness without it being to stringy to chew. And the sweet flan was a perfect end.
I know I'll definitely be back here to try out the rest of the menu (wallet permitting, of course).Appetizers: Get the guacamole with truffles, paired with banana chips.  "Best guacamole I've ever had" is what my coworker said.  
Main Course: The scallops were really good, not the best, but they landed right in my expectations range.  Perfect chewiness, just big enough, and a tasty pastry to complement the textures.
Dessert: Chocolate cigar.  If I was a d-bag, I'd have pretended to smoke this, but since I'm not, I just ate it.  It was rich, and it was delicious.
Ambience: It's a bit swanky, and a bit trendy, but if you get placed on the second floor next to the windows, you'll be comfortable and able to hear your date or friends across the table.
Overall: Worth a visit if you've never been.  And even if you have, one more time couldn't hurt.Came here a few years ago for a birthday dinner. Came up on my radar again after being reminded of their magnificent Cuban/Latin fare in wine spectator this month!This place is wonderful. Like every other Steven Starr restaurant in Philly, it is run impeccably with fantastic service and quality of food. The menu is extensive, which can be quite intimidating. However, the servers are very knowledgeable and are ready to give you any suggestions that you want. The best way to do this restaurant is to get a large group of friends (6+) and order a huge variety of things. I LOVE all of the ceviches - they are all very unique with their own flavor profiles. The empanadas were delicious as well, though I much preferred the freshness and the acidity of the ceviches. For entrees, we ordered a chicken rice dish and the lecon, which ironically had the most incredible rice. Finally, we finished the night off with three desserts - the cigar, custard, and tres leches. The cigar is definitely the most unique dessert you will get, but the tres leches literally takes the cake. It is one of the best if not the best tres leches  I have ever had. 
I can't for you to experience this restaurant - it is literally that good. Come for happy hour and get some great bites and drinks at a discount. Honestly, can't go wrong. Love this place!Very comfortable place, the lighting, decor, seating overall energy is unique.  We went with a large group, they accommodated us at the last minute which we so appreciated.  Impeccable service, delicious too!  Favorites are Skirt Steak with pickled onions and sauce to die for..and chocolate cigar - melt in your mouth and so fun to look at.  Great experience.Phenomenal restaurant in Philadelphia serving Nuevo Cuban cuisine. 
The space is amazingly beautiful and very comfortable. My only drawback is the bathroom. The bathroom is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator. This can be a problem after a few drinks if you know what I mean.
Back to the food, amazing. The presentation was A+ and the staff was exceptional. 
Stop in, you won't be disappointed.Went here for dinner on a whim while passing by.  The sangria blanco tasted like it had beer and soda in it and no fruit.  Small amounts of food for the cost.  Any restaurant I have ever been that serves paella, serves enough for 2 to 3 meals, except here.  The paella was  greasy and topped with giant pieces of cilantro and head on shrimp, perhaps this is the authentic cuban way?  The skirt steak was good but the portion was small and it was topped with marinated tomatoes? huh? The rice portion small.  Beans watered down like soup.  Yucca was excellent.  Crispy and served with aioli. 
With the multitude of restaurants in Philly and me living in NJ, I will not be back.  For $130 including tip, we could have had 2 dinners elsewhere; defininitely disappointed.  The atmosphere was very nice.  It would be great if they had a live Cuban band.  Guess I should have read the reviews about limiting them to happy hour only.4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service.
If you ever want to surprise someone for their birthday, don't come here. I made reservations 2 days before and let them know that it was someone's birthday. They said that they would bring out dessert with a little candle on it. I thought that was nice, but after we ate our food, I stepped out to go to the ladies room, and she brought out the dessert with the candle when I wasn't even there! RUDE!
Anyway, the food was pretty good, but he drinks were overpriced. The bread came out warm and the olive oil concoction was delicious. I had the pork, which was decent except for all of the fat on it. I guess some people like it, but I surely did not. My boyfriend had the steak, which he seemed to really enjoy. 
It was okay... I won't be coming back.Meh, over rated. Wait staff is weird and kept saying "thank you" after every thing I said. A "thank you" did not belong in the conversation!!!! Bread is good though!I celebrated my 6th anniversary with my fiancée here! I'm a newbie to Cuban food. It was an interesting experience, filled with flavorful eats. This place was jammed pack that night! We ordered the plantain chips with guacamole and the three different types of ceviche as appetizers. I especially enjoyed the shrimp & lobster ceviche!!! As for the main course, I ordered the Lechon Asado. Disappointed. I felt like a grease ball after two bites! If you enjoy consuming pork rinds, this dish will suit you...
One of these days, I may swing by for happy hour.My wife and I were recently in town and looked forward to a former late night dinner spot when staying overnight. As always, the mojito's are delicious and expertly prepared. However, everything we ate was extremely salty to the point the food was almost inedible. 
We started with the black bean soup which was hardy and well presented but fairly salty. However, we were able to somewhat enjoy along with the side yucca bread. The skirt steak with rice and beans and side yucca fries was so salty it was not enjoyed at all. 
The service was good and they did split the entree for us which was greatly appreciated. However, sadly, the overall experience did not live up to what we truly enjoyed in the past.First of all I love this restaurant, but the reason I'm writing this review is because of Craig. He is so knowledgeable and helpful when it comes to the selections on the menu. He was so friendly and welcoming, and he just made the whole experience fantastic. I honestly can say that I wouldn't have loved my experience there as much without him. Thank you Craig for a great evening!They have the BEST drinks!  Bartenders are really friendly and helpful when it comes to recommendations.  The tuna tartar tacos and the smoked marliin tacos are amazing!  The vibe is upbeat and fun.  A great spot for a bite to eat and a few drinks!I came here on a Sunday night with some friends. The place is lovely and very well decorated. The service and staff were friendly and the food came out pretty quickly.  I had the Bronzino entree, which was very tasty. The drinks here are very strong and and they have a great beer selection. Great for groups!