Still remains one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!  Always fresh, tasty, clean, and friendly.  I've been coming here for decades and have ALWAYS had great meals!Everything always tastes like it comes straight from the farm - really super fresh and simple.
Sit in the back enclosed area with the skylight in the summertime - very sweet.
I always order the hummus, which is so good... the greek salad is great and the lentil soup is fabulous too - the labni is a nice treat on a hot day.
it's super cheap and good.I've been dining at Alyan's for nearly 20 years, and have never had a bad meal!  The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the falafel and hummus platter (and sandwich)!  The lentil soup, zucchini sandwich, and fries are also very yummy!!   Service is quick and staff are friendly.This has consistently been one of the best Mediterranean spots in Philly for years! Always amazing food, great service and a family feel. Hommus is the best, I order it for take out all the time.The french fries were the best part of the meal - crispy, but not dry.  I would have liked a little more seasoning and heat, but overall, they were tasty.  The hummus had more garlic than I normally like (and I like a lot of garlic!).  The pita bread was disappointingly dry and thin, and it split easily when we were eating our sandwiches.  My shawarma lamb/turkey meat was also not very moist or flavorful.
The back room with a see-through ceiling and hanging plants is charming.  The staff was friendly, although a little slow (it appeared that there was only one server for the place).I first went here in 2003 when I lived in Queen Village for a year!  My husband, at the time, was Moroccan and he found this place very authentic and we are their a lot!  I just moved back to Society Hill this spring and I started going here again!  I love this place - grape leaves, kabobs, hummus and olives and feta is my favorite!  Also the babaganosh (sp?) is excellent!  Eat in or take out no difference!  I think they've been there 35+ years!Decent sized menu and tasty authentic (or what i would think is authentic) food and good prices. I had the delish combo meal with the spinach pie and my boyfriend had something that sounded like the work kitty. they also put a nice salsa type salad and hummus on the combo meal plate. With a side of falafel and feta cheese....we were set. The food is GREAT and has good spice use (we even got a side of homemade green hot sauce which was VERY hot). Downfall, the place is def a hole in the wall. not the cleanest spot in town, but i'm not a princess....so it worked for me!Alyans restaurant never disappoints. It is the go-to spot for great Egyptian favorites.I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. I've been coming here for years. I think I just presumed I'd already reviewed it (go me).
Anyway, let's talk about Alyan's.
From the outside, it's divey. Hell, inside it's also divey. Sit in the back, with the plastic "greenhouse" ceiling and the 30-year-old air conditioner. Enjoy the ambiance: dangling house plants, a few dusty wall hangings, and plastic table tops (over tablecloths).
Start out with some mint tea, hot or cold (if cold, get the pitcher and ask them to go easy on the ice).
Get the Middle Eastern Combo for your appetizer, which lets you nosh on everything delicious. The hummus is either fantastic or just ok; it depends on the day, but it's usually good. Don't hit the pita too hard (despite its soft, fresh deliciousness) or you'll never make it through your mains. When you run out of pita despite this warning, they will bring out a fresh batch right away.
If you're extra hungry, get the baba ghanouj (best in the city) and/or the falafel (no, it's not as tasty as your mom's falafel, but if you're looking for mom's falafel, get mom to make it for you, man--this is as good as it gets outside of home-made, and it's really, really good--and also the best in the city).
For a main, get the mixed grill platter or the lamb shish platter, though it's all good. If you're on a budget, get the fatoush salad or one of the sandwiches (super-stuffed).
Enjoy all the fresh, delicious, beautiful flavors. Marvel at the single waitress, always Russian, and a different one every time. Where do they come from? Where do they go? One of the unanswered questions of life.
Get rose-water-soaked baklava and Arabic coffee for dessert. Drop about $35 to fill two people up but good. Stumble out into the street feeling sated and vaguely superior to the folks sitting outside of Copabanana next door.
Rinse, repeat.I've been coming here since my parents were still married (and they haven't been married in over 20 years), but somehow this place hasn't changed, in the best way! My go to here is always the Middle Eastern Combo and fries, which come with onions and jalapenos. They are not stingy about the pita, and will give you extra without you asking, and for no additional charge.
Recently my father and I came here and tried the lentil soup (which is vegan) and spinach and mushroom pie as well. Both were excellent. The waitress was very friendly and didn't rush us at all. 
I see people have said the place looks a little awkward to eat at, but I have to say their little sunroom is the back is just about my favorite place to eat in the city. Also one of the few truly wonderful places two people can eat a filling meal at for only $20!
Nothing has changed since I've been coming here, and I am grateful for that, because it's perfect the way it is. Great memories here.Pass the humid front area for the plant filled, air conditioned, romantic spot in the back. It's intimate and remarkably quiet for being on South Street. The pita and baba ganoush were the stars of our meal. Not too much garlic, creamy, and with warm pita. The kabobs were ok, but a little dry. It felt healthy, inexpensive and had a nice atmosphere. Portions were the perfect size; you could finish and be full, but you shouldn't expect leftovers. The salad was the only part of our platters that seemed to really reflect the inexpensive price.I've been a patron of Alyan's for about 10 years now.  I love, love, love their french fries with the fried onions/leeks and jalapenos.  
I love to get a bunch of side dishes as my meal.  Every time I go I have a hard time deciding what to get, but I almost always get their grape leaves.
The garden room is always nice, and you never feel like you're being rushed out, (however, if you're in a rush, you might need to track down your waitress for your check).My friend and I ate in the back greenhouse-esque room this past weekend. Very pretty and allows for natural light. It was nice because it almost feels like spring, despite it being a February in the longest winter ever. Arabic food is an all-time favorite cuisine, so I eat it often. It was good, not the best ever, but a solid good, maybe very good. I got a mixed grill platter. Hummus was nice, it's better at Manakeesh, and the arabic salad was average, the grilled meats were good, but just standard good, an enjoyable meal. The grape leaves were great.
Service is quick. Waitress friendly. Very varied clientele. We sat in the tiny back room with Arabs to my left, Eastern Europeans to my right, and an older American couple to the front.
I would definitely come again.The food, staff, ambience was nothing above mediocre. The location is a hole in the wall off side street, with an upfront kitchen with counter that seems suited for a snack after late night on South Street. The interior is very cramped, with only two tables that can seat more than 2. The evening we were there were only 2 servers for the 10 or some tables. While the service was pleasant, it had no chance of being timely due to the lack of servers. 
I ordered the falafel and had a side of their "famous" hummus. It was fine but I've had better from Wegmans. There was very little taste to it - just creamy chickpeas and a whole lotta oil poured on top. 
The falafel was in the same vein - nothing terrible but nothing that stood out either. The big plus was that it is BYOB. Would not go back.chicken schwarma.... Nooooooo ooooooh ooooooh. good, but not amazing. if you're looking for schwarma don't come here imo. the rest might be good though.Super solid and cool place. Was gonna just give it four stars, but why should I be so stingy about my ? 
You pretty much always enjoy your meal here, and honestly I really like their burgers.What this place lacks in ambiance (though it is cozy, for what it's worth), it makes up for in excellent quality dishes. These are maybe common dishes you've tried elsewhere, but they certainly feel like they've been perfected here. The hummus is great, the baba ghanouj is excellent, the falafel is mouth-watering, and even the humble pita bread is pretty tasty. The lamb soup, though, was a very unexpected treat. What a standout, especially on a cold day like today. 
And, if you may still be wondering, the prices are very reasonable for a filling, delicious meal.The best Mediterranean food in Philly and it's not even close. I'm from a Jordanian background and this is as close to grandmom's I've found. Protip: order the mixed grill platter and the mint iced teaI wouldn't recommend this restaurant. Down the street is Isot and it's much better if you're looking for qualify middle eastern food. One of the line cooks had a cigarette behind his ear for starters. This is absolutely a health code violation. Secondly, the salad is just chopped  tomatoes and cucumbers on what looks like bagged lettuce with some salsa on the side. Not good. The hummus was actually delicious and if it wasn't for the hummus this place would get 2 stars. The meat was over salted and wasn't anything special in terms of marinade.AWESOME Mediterranean food near South Street, great staff that is knowledgeable about the food.  Nice BYOB place with a nice dining area in the back of the restaurant and occasional tables outside.  The food is fresh and there are tons of options.  Possibly my favorite restaurant in Philly with the reasonable price, large portions and friendly staff.  Highly recommend!Was kinda overpriced for the mediocre food we got. I can't remember the name of it, but I got this deep fried football looking thing (2) dinner platter and another dish I can't even remember. The mint tea was not very minty.Delish. Cheap. 
I got falafel w hummus sandwich and Boyfriend got shwarma. Mint iced tea amazing and their fries with grilled peppers and onions... Wow! 
Everything amazing. $20 total. Hello!All you need to know is these are the best fries you will ever have.  Ever.  They toss in hot peppers and onions and the fries are perfect and the peppers and onions add an amazing level of heat and sweet.  I had them about a year ago and have been dreaming of them ever since and when I returned to Philly last weekend they were my top priority.
The falafel is good too.
But really.  The fries.Shit server work there I got nervous because of shit guy. This was very disappointed. Terrible experience.I have to say I have been here a few times. It's a small place and could be easily missed. I really love the food...really, its delicious. However, I will never be going back there unfortunately.
The last time I went there, the very rude waitress-with the glasses and extremely pouty, emotionless look on her face....she was very cold as we walked in...to the point that I thought they were closed and just forgot to lock the door...so I asked if they were open and if its okay to come in....afterwards, her service was so off...maybe it was a bad day, maybe she was tired...I don't know..BUT THEN..
as we are finishing up-which we only stay about 10-15mins tops as we get quick platters to eat...she hands us a bill with an outrageous amount...two falafel platters and 2 cans of soda =$42...now im not a mathematician but at most it should have been $30ish..
Anyways, I bring it up to the cashier and he embarrassingly looks at her...as she shouts "ITS with TIP"...she apparently thought her 10minutes of rude service walking no more than 10 feet warranted her about a 21% tip...now im no cheapskate.. but really? this is a fast-food kind of place...! you were rude...you barely put in any work...and the food was served cold that time!!
I was shocked by the audacity she had to speak with a regular customer like that...the other times we went...it was take out...or we would just end up staying because it took forever to get the food and about 3 different people served us. I tipped the time I stayed btw...and the cashier happened to tell us afterwards that she said we didn't tip her last 2 times we went! 
Either way....there are far too many good, REAL restaurants to eat at in Philly and not have to deal with such rude service...if this witch ever gets fired..Id be back for the food...but I refuse to eat at a place where someone expects that..
I didn't want to come and rant here...or try to defend myself because there have been plenty of times service at different restaurants were bad and I still tipped because it was the polite thing to do...but I am fuming at the way she treated us that night...I almost crossed that tip amount out and just paid for the food...but I was in shock !!I've came to check this place out yesterday for lunch! I ordered a sandwich falafel babaganoush. It was a big portion but the taste is not that good!! The tomatoes are not that fresh. The falafel itself is not so flavorful. Me and my husband make better ones ourselves!! Their fries with onions and hot peppers it was really good fries. Although, they give out big portions! Being a chef, I won't go back to this place ever again....Yeah, the fries at Alyan's are very, very good! They're cripsy with the right amount of salt and those fried hot peppers and onions. I'd like to echo the sentiment that you gotta get the fries...you gotta get the fries...you gotta get the fries. See what I did there, like an echo. Heh? 
I liked the falafel fine but I wouldn't order the shawarma again. It was dry as a desert bone! Maybe it was just an off night for the shwarma though?I would give this place 5 stars but I haven't really tried out the other falafel places around here. Cute hole in the wall restaurant with a family business kind of feel. I was there on time to see the owner scold his daughter for going into the fridge for a soda. "This is not your home! This is my business! You can get away with it at home but not in my store" he said while trying to hold back laughing. I love it!!!  I got the falafel and hoummus sandwich for lunch. it was sooo good! the pita was soft and warm and it was overflowing with fresh veggies. They are not skimpy with their falafel or hoummus either! The portion was huge so be ready to share or have leftovers :)After the 17 years I've been coming here, Alyans cuisine has remained deliciously consistent and fairly priced. I love the exotic ambience of their little back room. With pillows on the wall seats, light arabic music playing in the background, and plants hanging from the glass ceiling, it creates a personal feel of eating a meal especially prepared for you as a guest in a strangers home in a foreign country. It's fabulous.
I recommend the hummus, the grilled zucchini platter and the Arabic coffee.I've been a fan of Alyan's for well over a decade and a half now. It's always been a reliable option for quick stop to satisfy our Middle Eastern craving when in the South Street/Headhouse district....
A $10 platter which comes complete with salad, falafel, hummus and pita is enough for me to split with my two young daughters. Fairly generous portions, especially for the price. The falafel stuffed pita is a good option when I'm a bit hungrier. It's messy and fun to eat. (Don't eat it on a first date though). 
Alyan's offers all of your Middle Eastern faves such as shawarma, tabouli, baba ganoush, etc. They do serve kabobs, but just not on a skewer. Same meat, just different presentation unless you want them in a pita sammy. Hubs enjoys the chicken although they offer lamb, beef and kefta as well. 
You're going to want to go ahead and order the fries with onions and hot peppers for your party to split. While that may seem like an odd option for a restaurant serving up middle eastern cuisine, just do it! They're fantastic!! 
They have homemade mint teas and it is BYO. 
The back room with hanging plants, pillows, lanterns and such is where you're going to want to sit when dining in, although this place makes for a great takeout night! Loading zones right out front make a quick in and out easy too! 
Service is fine. No complaints. 
I'm a fan and will continue to be.I had the kefta kabob platter. The kefta kabob was slightly dry, but the hummus was delicious. My boyfriend had the couscous with lamb and veggies, which was phenomenal. There is a quaint seating area in the back. I would definitely try this place again.Alyan's Restaurant is a little gem in the middle of Philly! Great spot for Middle Eastern food. The place was has that small, homey feeling and kinda divey at the same time, which I love! You walk in and it's wall to wall tables (small place) but then you step into the back room and there are about 5 tables more to fit parties of 4-5 people or possibly more. Love the outdoor/indoor feel with glass ceiling and foliage. 
The Hummus was on point, swirled with extra olive oil and olives, smooth and creamy. We ordered the sampler platter to start which was loaded with lots of goodies like hummus, roasted peppers, Feta cheese, pickled onions, etc..yummy
It was enough to keep us satisfied until the main course. 
My main dish was the Lamb & Couscous with veggies which arrived on two dishes (lamb/couscous on one, chunky veggies simmering in a broth in the second dish) and it was perfect portion size. (In NY, you are given so much food at my fave restaurant that I always save half for lunch the next day)
Price was right, service was good, location was great, and it is definitely a place to return.Having been coming here since it was called Tuil's...over 25 years...try the lamb soup with yogurt...very good and unique...all the sides are a fun way to eat..
grape leaves, falafel, kibbi, tabouli, fries, spinach pie..enjoyAll I can say is yummy , everything on the menu , The owner is wonderful , Service is excellent , The hummus is the best by far anywhere else , this is a restaurant I go to at least once a week maybe more they treat you like family and also give you great portions and the french fries fried with jalapeños and onions is something you definitely have to tryThis place is ok, I wish I could give 2.5. It's a little dirty, but that's more the vibe I get from its location. I have, however, eaten here several times because its easy, close and decently priced. The people that work here are nice and its nice that you can bring your own wine if you choose to dine in. 
I have only had the falafel and shawarma sandwich with either hummus or babaganoush. I actually really like the falafel, its nice and crispy on the outside and not too greasy. The shawarma is hit or miss. It can range from being fatty/rubbery to decent. They should put a garlic sauce to it, but they don't, so I recommend you add hummus to the sandwich (which is good and garlicy). The babaganoush is also pretty good. The main ingredients here are worthy of at least 3 stars.
But the reason for the two stars are the bread and salad at this place. The pita is dry, stale and tastes like the ones you buy at the super market.  Its really a shame. Its like a pizza place where the dough is soggy or a mexican place that doesn't use fresh tortillas, it just makes you wonder how much they really care about the food. Its those details that separate good food form serviceable food. And the salad is dressed with what appears to be water and yogurt? It lacks any and all flavor. All in all its ok. I wouldn't go out of my way, but I will probably eat here again at some point in my life for some serviceable middle eastern food.I've been eating at Alyan's for over two decades. It's very consistent in delivering good food. I have friends from out of town who make a point to eat here when they visit each year. It's a small place. A make-over every decade would help, but service is good and the atmosphere is adequately comfortable. I recommend the Alyan's fries with jalapeños and friend onions. Aside from the fries, there are no standouts - but, there are no bad choices either. The menu is solid across the board.This place just okay. I went with an egyptian friend of mine expecting much more.
There were rave reviews about the Alyan fries, so we ordered that for starters. While they weren't bad fries, they were nothing special. The fried onions and peppers made it sound like there was some great seasoning that would be added, but it seems like the onions and peppers were just thrown into the frier alongside the fries. As a result, there wasn't any additional flavor added to the fries unless you took a bite with the pepper or onions, it wouldn't have been any different to just add it on after the fact. Nothing special.
We both ordered a lamb shwarma sandwich. It was mostly salad and dressing until the last few bites. I don't know if it was a result of the sandwich not being evenly spread or just gravity, but it seemed very sparse in the meat filling area until the very end. That being said, the shwarma wasn't that bad, but again, I don't feel like it was anything amazing. Maybe it was my fault for not getting the platter. 
My egyptian friend wasn't a huge fan of the shwarma either.If I lived in Philly I would definitely come back here.  We found it while wandering around South St. looking for something to eat.  I was starving, and I saw "Middle Eastern," so we went in.  What a pleasant surprise!  The falafel sandwich was yummy and had lots and lots of veggies on it.  It wasn't just two falafel and some iceberg lettuce on a pita.  This had lots of romaine lettuce, big chunks of tomato, cucumber, and tahini plus tasty falafel on a delectable pita.  They weren't falafel balls, either, more like patties, so they fit well in the sandwich and you got some falafel in every bite, but not too much.  It's nothing you haven't seen before, but Alyan's gets it just right.  The iced tea is also really good, and you can taste the fresh mint they make it with.Went there yesterday, wasn't the first time, but the experience was enough to get me to write a review.
Ordered a Falafel and Hummus Sandwich....a bit of miscommunication had me getting just a humus sandwich.......but the situation was quickly righted and i got some of the best falafel i've ever eaten brought to me.  
These guys have some really tasty food...........definitely try the french fries.  Gotta try the french fries.Middle Eastern cuisine, I ordered the Chicken kabob that came with pita bread and a side of salad. The humus was delicious. The chicken was a little bit over cooked and it took awhile for them to make the food, but I have no complaints.My husband and I were on South St. and being a vegetarian, I had a taste for falafel. I went in, not a warm greeting by cashier (not a big deal) I ordered falafel on pita bread with hummus. This is by far the worst one I have ever had, it was extremely unflavorful. I would not come to this restaurant again.This place was recommended to me by someone who grew up in Israel and swore the food would be authentic...and she was so right! The food was amazing and the inside of the restaurant is so cute and warm. There is a skylight above the tables with plants and beautiful mosaic tiles everywhere.I order take-out from here all the time and I've never really had a negative experience here. I would say their food comes out a bit slow at times because the guy behind the grill is cooking for everyone. with that said, I love their pita sandwiches, with the cheeseburger and lamb shish kebab being my two favorites. I love that they grill their veggies to get that caramelized taste to go with the meat. definitely a winner given the price. NOTE: their prices listed here are no longer valid, so if you order take-out, be sure to note that the prices they have now are $2-$3 than listed. otherwise, they are fairly friendly and have been around for a long time. they close at 10 nowadays as well, not 11.Looks are deceiving here.  Walk into the restaurant and into their atrium area for seating.
They had an amazing couscous with chicken and veggies dish, hummus was awesome and so was this braised eggplant dish with peppers, onions, celery and spices!  Falafels were fried just right without any signs of burning!
Can't wait to go back!Great hummus. Decent baba ganoush (but i've had better). Great fries that are nicely seasoned and crisp.
The chicken shish kebob platter was fantastic. Tender juicy chicken. I love the hummus and salad. The pita bread is standard supermarket pita bread. The server was nice and dealt with our large group nicely. 
The platter was $11.50. More than I'd like to pay, honestly, but the portion was huge. 
I plan to get a sandwich next time. For $6-7, they looked filling and just enough.One on the most authentic and delicious shawerma and falafel spots Philly has to offer.Love this place!  I usually order the falafel and hummus sandwich with the Alyan's fries.  The falafel sandwich is pretty filling and tasty and they are generous with the portions in all their dishes but the real winner is the fries, which is a mix of potatoes, onions and hot peppers.  The mix of those flavors is incredible!  I always make sure to get a large order of them, because they are just that good!  Be sure to get a seat in the back, as the ambience there is a lot of fun.  Prices are pretty reasonable and their food is always consistently delicious.  The waitstaff is very friendly and helpful as well.  In the summer, when I'm there with a crowd, we usually order a pitcher of their iced tea, which is very refreshing, with a hint of mint.  This is the one of the few places I'll eat when I'm in the South Street area.Love this place!  Great Middle Eastern Food, done right!  
Service is great, too.  Sometimes a little slow if they're busy, but worth the wait, as it is a pretty popular place.
Great Baklava too!I went to Alyan's for the first time last Sunday. I don't even like any Greek, middle eastern, etc. food, but I LOVED Alyan's! The service was good. Very knowledgeable about the menu since I knew like nothing about the food. Prices were really decent too. And the portions were awesome! They had a decent variety of meats since I don't eat a lot of different meats. I would definitely come back!The environment here is great, very relaxed tranquil setting. The food is out of this world, wouldn't go anywhere else for Mediterranean food. Also their jug of mint tea is pretty good when you have more than 2 people with youthis is the first falafel i ever had, and thank god for that, because some (MAOZ) are horrible. this one is not horrible, in fact, it's fantastic. i like getting a sandwich to go and spilling most of it in front of the tattoo shop next door while staring at the poor souls in line across the street at jim's. it's cool to sit in here too, especially in the back. nice atmosphere. the servers and staff are always super cool. unless i'm on the other side of town and mama's is open, i'm hitting up alyan's whenever i need a falafel fix. yeah!Had the hummus with falafel. It was very good. Now, i'm not a falafel fan after trying some, for the first time, in Brooklyn, NY. There, it was dry and mass produced and tasted like it! At Alyan's, it seemed fresh and it was very savory. Tasty. A crunchy, not overly firm crust with a soft, bread like texture in the middle. The Hummus was great too. The combination of the pita, hummus and falafel was delicious. I was worried that a single pita would not be enough however, it allowed me to indulge in the salad included on the plate. I mixed the salad, hummus and falafel for a nice finish. I loved the food. It was very filling and left me satisifed. As far as the place itself, it is small. We sat close to another table of patrons so it was a little more intimate than I cared for.  In spite of that, I really loved this middle eastern restaurant and will definitely be back.Incredible food, huge portions, friendly staff. Definitely check this place out it's a neighborhood staple and delicious.Terrible service. Mediocre food. I went to dinner with a friend and she had a minor complaint about her meal. The manager was sent to our table and he was immediately aggressive and defensive. He asked if we'd been to the restaurant before and neither one of us had been. He proceeded to tell us he's been in business for 35 years and we're insulting him as though he doesn't know how to cook. Neither of us said such a thing. He continued to raise his voice at us and we just asked for our check so we could leave the uncomfortable situation. I've never been yelled at for not being happy with my meal and BARELY touching. Definitely, will not be going back or recommending this restaurant. Also, their pita is a joke.best falafel!  If you like Mediterranean food this is the place to go!  No frills. Nice people. Always a good experience.Good food and small cozy space.! I had the mixed platter and the meats were seasoned well and tender especially lamb.We went here on Christmas Day after the Mummer's Parade.
Food is reasonably priced and very fresh.  We ordered a lamb kebab $9.95 and the hummus platter $11.95 and pushed ourselves to finish everything. Could have been slightly more flavorful.
Interior decoration is quite plain but the back room is a bit cozier.  Service is a bit on the slow side but everyone is very nice.
This is a BYOB place!  Bring your honey here for a super low key and frugal dateI LOVE the back seating area in Alyan's....you feel like you are in Jerusalam or something, and completely forget that you are really in the middle of Philly for a while. I keep going back just for that. Their food is good, but I always feel like the tahini leaves something to be desired. I reccomend the spinach and mushroom lunch platter for value and taste. The falaffel is good, but Alhambra on 3rd street has a superior falaffel sandwhich. At times the service can be a little slow. However, this place has good Lebanese cofffee and the best baklava hands down!You won't get better mediterranean anywhere else. Everything is delicious, perfectly good and seasoned perfectly 11/10.This remains an OUTSTANDING restaurant!  The BEST Middle Eastern Food in Philly!!!I absolutely love hummus and Mediterranean food!  The food was flavorful, fresh and well-prepared!  I loved the tomato and cucumber salad!  The lamb platter was fantastic!  
The Lamb soup was incredible!!!  
My husband and I wanted a low key Saturday evening.  The prices were reasonable.   
We will return!I cannot believe I didn't know about this place sooner. I've lived in the South Street district for three years and only just started eating at Alyan's about six months ago. Don't repeat my mistakes!
The staff here is absolutely great. They're always sweet and friendly and the guys whip your food up fast in their little kitchen right alongside the entryway. They're always happy to let me have a seat and wait for my takeout order as long as there is an open spot in the dining area.
The hummus, as other reviewers have mentioned, is stellar. Rich and garlicky. I almost always get the lamb shawarma, which is absolutely excellent, as is nearly everything else I've had from Alyan's. The only thing I did not enjoy was their stuffed grape leaves. They didn't seem to have nearly as much flavor as everything else I've had and I haven't chanced ordering them again. 
Nonetheless, I'm a loyal customer. Alyan's is great Middle Eastern food.Yum Yum Yum Happy Sigh
We've been coming her for nearly 30 years.
Always Awesome!!!
The food is athentic just like in Jerusalem
HugsAlyans, so delicious great atmosphere.
The Staff is very friendly, 
My water glass was always full! That's a thing I have when I eat out.
The food was very fresh, my order came out very quick I had the mix grill with ice tea.
Drew CThe one thing you have to do at Alyan's is sit in...don't event think about taking that falafel to go [unless you really have to, then it's ok].
The rear seating room provides a truly authentic feel to the food. The sunlight peers in through the ceiling and the hanging plants give a sense of warmth. There are beautiful throw pillows for the pew-style seats along with pictures of middle eastern markets filled with beautiful crafts to really give you an environment you just don't get at Maoz around the corner. It can get a little cramped when full seated but the food is worth it.
Definitely have a pitcher of the mint tea [served hot or cold] and some of the fries with the pepper and onions. Yum. They also have the best falafel, in my opinion, in the city.
I have not personally tried some of the other dishes simply because I do not eat much meat but they look absolutely delicious. One of the cooks can also be caught singing traditional melodies [as well as some newer mid eastern songs] in the window during the lunch hours. Hey, anyone who can sing a phrygian scale get props from me!
The price is very reasonable for the portions provided in the meals. Sandwiches will run you around $6, which for South Street is great. A Hamilton will get you one filling lunch and bottle of Egyptian mango nectar that will leave you craving for more.I love Alyan's! Delicious, flavorful, fast, and inexpensive. Whether you need a quick bite while shopping on South Street or a cozy dinner with friends/family, Alyan's is the perfect spot. I've had the felafel sandwich a few times and the Middle Eastern Combo is also awesome. But my all time favorite is the lentil soup. YUM.Very good chicken kebab with 2 falafel, special order...very good and reasonable. Fresh pita &  good humus. Wish they'd upgrade their chopped salad but I have a thing against iceberg lettuceThis place is a treasure. Get the french fries - hand cut and fried with jalapenos and onions. My boyfriend and I split the falafel platter which came with a chopped salad, a generous serving of hummus, and warm pita  which our gracious server replenished for us at no charge. Its small but very charming - sit in the back room which has a glass ceiling and is decorated beautifully. The space was quaint, cute, and the food was incredible. Cannot wait to visit again.Nobody, and I mean nobody makes a falafel like Allan's!!! I've been coming here for almost 3 decades and I have never had a bad meal. Hummus is like silk. Fries have hot peppers and onions with them and they are the best fries I've ever had. Pitcher of Home made lemonade and iced tea are perfect. Great place that is very affordable!!!Best Middle Eastern in the city!
The lentil soup is so good, I eat it in and take some home. Their falafel is reliably great. You can usually get wheat pita if you ask. Mint tea in the winter! 
I usually also get: Labne, Eggplant, Ful and Zucchini with feta. It's a feast!
If you have a big group, sit upstairs. 
The owner is very kind. Go!We went in today for an early lunch with the toddlers. There was no one in the place, so I went in to check if they had room for the kids. The waitress was rude and put out that I wanted to bring kids in there. She even rolled her eyes and sighed out loud. I just turned around and left, with a group of disappointed children.  We were so excited to get the falafel and hummus. Its not just about the food....its about the service. Phooey.Fabulous hummus and falafels- definitely one of the best in the city. Portions are big, especially for the price. It's only $5 for a huge falafel sandwich.  As far as seating goes the experience is far better if you can get a seat in their back room - really pretty with skylights and lots of hanging plants.  Service can be slow here,  but the atmosphere and food absolutely make up for it!Lovedddd this place! Cute little inclosed garden made me feel like I stepped into a Mediterranean country.  The hummus was fantastic as well as the chicken.  I can't wait to go again to this fantastic little spot.  Not super fancy, but perfect for a really yummy casual meal.My chicken schwarma sandwich was very bland with minimal seasoning on the chicken. Additionally, the chicken was very hard! However, our side of hummus was very tasty and authentic as well as the spanakopita!WONDERFUL FOOD!
This place has such an eclectic feel to it. Everytime we go we get the Alyan's Fries- which are always to die for. However, the falafel is what I come here for. This tastes just like what I have had in Israel. I prefer mine without the tomatoes in the salad or tahini, but honestly, it is all good.
Very affordable and quick service.So after reading about Alyans on yelp, living three blocks away and a lover of Falafels- I treked on over one night to give it a try. I ordered the fattoush salad w/ a side of falafels. My boyfriend (who is a crazy maoz fan) got the falafel w/humous sandwich. The fattoush was huge, easily could have been shared by two and the falafels tasted fresh as could be- not premade and sitting around. The dressing was delicious, but I have had better seasoned before. He enjoyed his sandwich, he hates tomatos but didn't mind them on here! I haven't found my A+ place for falafels yet, this satisfied me but I wasn't in shock & awe. I will definitely go back for price + freshness and location.Great place to go if you are looking for a quiet place that's not hip and popular. I like it here very much but nobody talks about the place so it's like a nice little secret spot to take someone. The dishes I tried were spicy and tasty. It really had an authentic feel. The service was good but not great. Everything about the place is good but not great really. But I like it. Check it out if you're in the area. Something different.I was really craving a lamb shawarma and a nice greek salad, so we made it to Alyan's on a Saturday evening. The space is very casual, with a pretty cool glass ceiling room in the back. Our food came out quickly and the portions were generous, but the salad was so sad! The veggies didn't seem fresh and they were water-logged. There was basically no flavor, and the feta was really disappointing. This salad was also inside my shawarma pita, which didn't help the taste. I wouldn't order either of these things again, although I thought the service was great. Sorry, Alyan's!Great place! The food was amazing. We got the platters with different meats and falafel. It was well served and delicious. The place is small and cozy, but I feel that if it was full it would feel a little crowded. Also, they were out of a couple things we wanted to get. Regardless, we had a great experience and would recommend it.I've eaten hummus, labane, babaganush, tabouli, eggplant salad, falafel, chicken shawarma, chicken and lamb shish kebab here over the course of 5+ visits. I would say that the quality of the appetizers are top notch and the meat dishes are above average. 
I usually go here just for a taste of the hummus itself. Hummus here actually tastes like the hummus found in Lebanon/Palestine/Israel unlike what you find in 95% of places in Philly claiming to make hummus. 
Furthermore, the prices are very affordable. This is a great little middle eastern eatery.Delicious food, but don't expect in in a hurry. The servers are nice enough, but the tiny kitchen can only make the food so fast. And the cooks don't seem to ever be in a rush.Great, healthy....if you ask for extra grilled veggies instead of the rice...they are happy to do it. Mixing the hummus with the kebabs and the grilled vegetables is delicious...
It is one of my favorite casual mediteranian restaurants...pretty quiet and the food is fresh, prepared when ordered and the service is great. Its a BYOB so the done is my favorite...The owner makes his own hot sauce, its delicious.
I highly recommend this restaurant and it is next to Sabrinas and Monsu so if they are crowded you now have a good choice.The fries with jalapeno and onions are awesome as many have pointed out. So are the stuffed grape leaves (cooked, not cold, which in my mind tastes far better), the rich and creamy labneh, and the falafel and hummus plate. Cheap and delicious. My foodie boyfriend and I dug our dinner here.This place was so good it compelled me to write my first review. Being a vegetarian with low funds and a penchant for dining out sucked until I tried Alyan's out last Saturday night. I love middle eastern food and the BYOB thing is equally attractive.
We had the feta and olives to start, which of course led me to salivate over what was coming next: the hummus was excellent, and the spinach and mushroom pie delicious. I also had to get stuffed grape leaves which were nice and fresh.
It's a tiny place with friendly staff and good, affordable food. It's all I need.Love this quaint cafe! Been coming here for years. The owner keeps the food quality high & authentic! I usually get shawarma or falafel . Hummus & tahini are amazing! The pita is fresh & warm. I am a fan of their mint tea. Sit in the back with all the plants & feel like you are in a garden somewhere exotic!Kibbie didn't taste like the kibbie I was raised eating or have eaten in numerous middle eastern restaurants across the globe. The kibbie was mushy and had way to much cumin in it.  It's not indian food it's Middle Eastern cuisine.  
Mexicans cooking Mediterranean Food !!  = Fail ! 
I love coming here,  been coming here for years.  
Step it up Habibi. Owner should be doing quality control.After reading great reviews, I decided to try their chicken pita sandwich. First of all, it took over 45 minutes to make JUST my sandwich, it didn't even come with a salad. The chicken was super tough, bland and tasteless, just gross. I can't believe the reviews for this place! It was over $10 just for the sandwich. Bad day or just bad?I was introduced to Alyan's by a friend in college who swore that they have the best chai. And I believe it may be true. I grab a cup whenever I'm on south street. The owner is always very friendly and likes to chat.Not bad at all! My friend and I went there for dinner last night. I had chicken schnitzel. It came with hummus, salad and pita. My friend got chicken shish (also came with salad, hummus and pita). We share some baklava for dessert and had mint tea. Mmmm, baklava was DELICIOUS. It IS a BYOB - so feel free! The service was good, the waitress would disappear at times though. The atmosphere is great, very cosy. There was no music, though, that would have been a nice addition :)The hummus was bland, the pita didn't come with any flavor and it wasn't even cut. The couscous with chicken and mixed veggies was bland too. Just meh. Don't waste your time.Alyan's is a true gem! They have such friendly staff, an awesome ambiance and delicious food!Alyan"s is the freshest food with the nicest price ! Have been coming here for 20 yearsLove, love, love!
I don't normally like hummus, but I can eat their hummus everyday! Two times we have been there and never disappointed. Place is small, but the charming back dining area is so pretty! Their service is also great :) I had their chicken taste so fresh and juicy! Their pita bread is always warm and toasty. Definitely will come back for more than once!Alyan's is one of my go-to restaurants.  The food is consistently great and it's incredibly affordable.  It's small and low key.  BYOB.  Definitely a place to put on your list.Alyan's is a refreshing change from all of the pizza and burger places on South Street. Like Sue G, I get the falafel and hummus sandwich with the fries. The fries aren't your run-of-the mill kind, they have grilled red peppers and onions in it. Sitting outside is nice, since you can people watch without being directly on South Street. I've never had anything with meat in it, but the people I've gone there with have said it's been good. The decor is nice, but not over-the-top middle eastern. If you're sick of eating take out at Maoz, pizza at Lorenzos, or cheesesteaks at Jim's,  come to Alyan'sThank you Hamuda for another family gathering with your amazing fresh tasty specialties. Best fries! Best falafel! Best grilled chicken, lamb, and ground beef platter! Best baba! Best hummus! Best service! The BEST!!!Wow Philly, good job on the Middle Eastern food front. 
My boyfriend and I needed to grab a bite before heading to a concert, and saw Alyan's on our handy Yelp app. We entered, sat, and proceeded to order a feast.
The hummus was just alright, and the pita was warm, which was surprising. I got the chicken and couscous and it was SO good. Even though I had just stuffed myself with a sandwich from John's Roast Pork hours earlier, I finished almost my entire plate. My boyfriend ordered some sort of lamb platter, which was also tasty. Everything came out quickly and tasted really fresh. If I lived in the area, I'd most likely be back there pretty flippin' often.
But of course there was totally a Philadelphia twist: we ordered a side of French fries tossed with grilled peppers and onions. Boy does this city love its peppers and onions!Pretty good food. I just wish that it was wheelchair accessible. I've had a few of their dishes and I have no complaints. The chicken shwarma is my favorite. I have also had the mixed grill sandwich with the pickles. It was amazing. I didn't need to eat dinner that night.Yum!  This place is delicious and very authentic.  I could eat their baclava all day long.  If you need to try out a new restaurant, be sure to add this one to your listLove this place.  Love their eggplant salad.  They do get stingy with their pita bread so be sure to ask for more and it wont be a problem!  True Middle Eastern like back home :) Thank you.I came here to meet up with a friend for lunch at his suggestion.  This place is just a little bit off South Street.  
The decor reminds you of a small deli in the Italian Market or something, but there's a decent small room in the back.  A few groups of 3-4 can sit comfortably in the room albeit a bit cozily together; the room has ceiling windows that let the sun in which lights up the room.
We all got 2 orders of the falafel platter, and a order of their french fries.  Overall, everything was decent, slightly above average even.  Their french fries were really good; I highly recommend the fries if you come here.  Think 5 guys but with a bit of a jalapeno kick.
Prices were sort of funny; some stuff was just a little bit expensive than typical prices (I'm just talking a couple dollars), while other stuff was a little bit cheaper, such as the fries.
I'd give a 3.5 stars if I could, but 4 stars is a bit much as I'd only come back here again if someone wanted to meet up, but I wouldn't come back just for the food.  But if you've never been here before, I'd definitely add it to the list of places to try!Great shewarma sandwich. AMAZING fries--you NEED to get these if you're eating there. Very good service.My family and I have been loyal customers here for decades, since the 1980's when it was called Tuly's (or something like that). We still call it that. It has been consistently delicious over all those years. Not much has changed really,  and that's a good thing. The fries are hands-down the best, I have yet to taste any that have even come close. I honestly dream about them.  The trick is they fry them with peppers and onions, adding so much flavor.   And their sandwiches are just chock full of goodness, brimming with meat and oozing with delicious hummus, tahini and fresh vegetables.  It's a small relaxed unpretentious place and I always feel at home.   The guy that runs the place is hilarious and gracious, and recognizes/befriends consistent customers.  There's a cute new little server lady that I think is Eastern European.   It is and will always be my favorite restaurant...and I've been all over the world.delicious dishes at affordable prices. lots of food for the dollar! my go to is the baba ganoush and falafel sandwich, during the week the "special" comes with a small side of fries. 
good stuff!My favorite middle eastern food in the area. I come all the time. Good food and nice people. Although I am not one to opt for vegetarian, the grilled zucchini platter is pretty awesome I would go for it!!i would probably not go back to this place nor would i send anyone else here.
table shared a greek salad, a dip/salad appetizer, and a grilled zuccini sandwich with a cucumber/tomato salad on the side, and baklava.  each one of these failed to do anything of interest.
pros:
the hummus had enough flavor to enjoy, but was nothing special.  the baba ganouj tore it up.  the service was super-friendly.  the zuccini, although simply prepared, was tasty but i wish they did more than just throw it in some pita on its own.
cons:
overall, the vegetables were weak and flavorless,.  the greek salad dressing was literally water with a touch of olive oil and lemon juice.   they pretty much don't do anything to the food.  just cut it, cook it however or not, and throw it on a plate. boring shit.  there was no dough on the bottom of the baklava and it wasn't flakey at all on top...  and das nasty.
if i had to come here again, i'd get an order of baba ganouj and a falafel sandwich. the end.Don't judge a book by it's cover.
Try their green tea and pretty much any of their pita sandwiches are great. They are not too spicy, and are packed with juicy goodness. When I ate in, it seemed that everyone around me was amazed with their food and how surprised they were how tasty everything was.
Vegetarian friendly. Try anything and you'll be happy.This place was okay. It's for smaller groups as there is not much seating. In terms of the food, the falafel was a bit dry. It wasn't bad but not amazing. The server seemed to struggle a bit - brought the wrong dish at first and later broke a plate when he tried to stack too many at once.Excellent Middle Eastern food. I've been eating at Alyan's for years and the food has been consistently good. I only wish they delivered because I don't find myself in that neighborhood very much anymore!Shwarma was dry & tough, French fries were soggy. Hummus and salads were fresh and well made. Place not too clean either.  This place has been around forever but has not kept up what used to be a higher standard.Aylan's is the bomb! Some of the best falafel I've ever had! I love it stuffed in a pita with their amazing hummus and slaw/yogurt mix. Not to be missed if you have midnight munchies on South St. The Greek salad is also fantastic. Portions and prices are great. Again, I love their falafel, but it always makes my teeth feel gritty afterward?This is a really small restaurant (maybe 15 people can sit in the whole place) tucked away around South street. The food was pretty standard MIddle Eastern fare (nothing out of this world, but what you expect) I got the chicken shwarma- pretty good but was definitely lacking flavor, would have liked some white sauce or hot sauce to give it some taste. The pita was meh. If not for the delicious fries at the beginning, I'd be really disappointed by this place. We also got baklava at the end which was average, also dry. Customer service was also meh- felt ignored by the waitress for a good chunk of time when we needed her. Overall, wouldn't go back but if you wanna try it out, go for it.Delicious! I love the chicken scharma platter. It comes with creamy hummus and a nice chopped salad with tahini. It's my go to place in the neighborhood, especially after the gym.I usually really enjoy this place, but I had a Greek salad today that was just a drag. Feta barely there. Olives lesser quality. Vegetables chopped up really small. No other garnishes. One lousy small cup of dressing. It just looked like the stuff they throw into the gyros. Dull as dishwater.
 My friends' plates looked good, though.Excellent food. Inside could use a makeover and service could be a tad better, but the hummus and flavors are spot on.I have been a fan of alyans since I was in high school in the late 80s. I'm sure I wore my favorite "punk" army trenchcoat there with my cvs crayon yellow dye job. 
Neither the food nor the decor have changed much in the intervening decades, which is  good thing. 
Look for the oddly erotic painting of the woman cutting watermelons and try to sit in the houseplant laden back room downstairs.
Everyone raves about their french fries so give em a try, though they were never my favorite. I go for the traditional hummus and felafel on a pita with a side of cucumber and yogurt salad. Maybe a mango juice if I'm feeling rich at the time.
A great place to have lunch or a snack while you're people watching along south street.Just great middle eastern food in a casual setting. I love the Mediterranean platter and zucchini platter. The lentil soup is also quite tasty.it's a cute lil' place, but the food is nothing special. i think maybe i got myself way too pumped beforehand, because even the combo platter and Greek salad (both very simple and hard to mess up) were highly disappointing.
on a positive note, the baba ganouj was splendid!This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  I've been coming here for decades with consistently outstanding food and service.  The non-middle eastern waitresses don't last long here - probably because the owners demand excellent work.  However, the service is fine - but the food is finer!Arguably the best Middle Eastern food in Philadelphia. Definitely the best for the price!
Everything is fresh and mostly made in-house. My personal favorite is Grape Leaves Platter.
Great menu selection and there is something for everyone here, even a "middle east burger", steak and chicken cutlet. The kabobs are mouth watering, the hummus and baba ganoush are seasoned perfectly with tahini, olive oil, mint and a touch of lemon.
The owner is super nice and staff are efficient and courteous.
This is a medium-sized place but they are fast and there is usually no wait, despite a steady business.BYOB = bring your own bread
My friend and I ordered two platters (one falafel, one lamb) and one salad appetizer.  Platters had none or little rice (couscous was not available that evening), and the waitress brought warm pita loaves .  Quantity: ONE.  She quickly uttered that if we need more, please ask.  Before we could swallow unchewed appetizer and reply without spilling it all over like the Krakatoa, she was gone.  So we had to get up and go beg for more pita (like, 1 loaf each, pigs that we were...).
I'm European and I rarely ignore the good food because of bad service.  And truthfully the woman was serving by herself the whole place, which has multiple rooms.
But serving one pita to share between two?  Silly.  Which actually gives me an idea: bring my own pita next time (Whole Foods, $3 a dozen), to enjoy their hummus without the begging part.
I was too hungry so I can't comment on the food's quality: it wasn't expensive though, seemed like the "get what you pay for" place.This small but cozy place on South St is a great place for a light, cheap, good dinner any night. The hummus is very good, lamb is well cooked, flavorful, their baba ganoush is exquisite... heard the falafel is very good too, but have not tried it yet.Just a terrific, low key, delicious place to grab real Middle Eastern food.  Not fancy but authentic and enjoyable! Love it!I ate here with my family of four and everyone was disappointed in their meals. Food was bland and chicken was overcooked. My platter was supposed to come with rice and mixed vegetables and instead I got plain chicken and rice with a bowl of soup.there's only a few things you need to know about alyan's:
1. it's delicious.
2. the falafel is the best i've ever encountered. so fresh, so crisp and non-greasy, so yummy.
3. the prices are insanely reasonable.
4. go there.Favorite hummus place hands down. My wife likes their meat selection on the grill. If you looking for a hummus or meditteranean place around south st, look no further. Price and portion size are reasonable.Ehhhhhhhh not very thrilled being from the middle east myself. I hate to say it but Moaz has better falafel. Food looks like it needs CPR. Service was great.This place summed up in one word: BLAND!
I'm not sure if I caught them on a bad day or the food is usually THAT bad. I'm from the Middle East and I can tell you that 98% of places (in general) in the States seriously cannot make hummus and usually end up way too bland. The hummus was definitely and  seriously HORRIBLE even based on US average. When canned hummus tastes better than a restaurant, I feel that's a big fail on their part. The same can be said of their grape leaves. I took a vegetarian friend with me and the same thing: bland and felt microwaved honestly. The foul mudammas tasted like it was straight out a can. I'm not trying to sound snobby but I can seriously make better food at home. I ordered the mixed grill and the only thing that tasted good were the grilled onions. The meat was barely marinated and was bland as well.
I understand that I am in the US and I should expect lesser food with regards to ethnic food but if the Cheesecake Factory can make better hummus than an Lebanese restaurant can, you should close shop. I walked into this place expecting OK food but sadly it was an absolute fail. I felt so guilty about how bad the food was to the point where I paid for the meal just to make up for it. Honestly, whoever says the hummus is good in this place seriously needs to reevaluate their taste buds. You want amazing hummus (that actually rivals and beats hummus from back home)? Check out Mama's Vegetarian. 
1 positive aspect of this place is that the prices are reasonable.The shawarma was TERRIBLE!!!!  I'm from Detroit, AKA- home of the most middle eastern ppl outside of the middle east and therefore the best place to get anything middle eastern from any shop on any corner.  You would be hung by your thumbs in detroit if you made food this bad.  THIS WAS GROSS!!!  First of all, a little lesson on what consists of a shawarma sandwich.  Chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, sometimes onions ALWAYS garlic sauce.  What I got was pre cooked chicken, let, tom, and cucumber that tasted like ass and then topped it off with some sort of knock off tzaiki sauce that was more yogurt than anything else.  I was SOOOOO hungry and could only manage to force down 3 bites before I was done with it.  Whatever they want to call it, it is NOT a shawarma sandwich!!!  I will have nightmares about how bad this was.  The only reason why they dont get 1 star is b/c they had reeds ginger beer and i respect that.   DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!Excellent service.
The food was delicious (we ordered kebabs, falafel, and shawarma)
Would definitely eat here again when back in town.Great falafel and hummos.  Don't know why the other stuff isn't up to par (shwarma, kefta, etc...).  If you stick with the falafel and hummos, you will not be disappointed.Mediocre shawarma, chicken shawarma is better. Service mixed bag, very sweet waitress, rude management. Possible food safety concerns, touching raw chicken not washing hands touching other things .....i've been going to this place since accidentally finding it on the way to a TLA concert in 1998.
it's not a place for ambiance, but it is a great place for tasty, no-frills food.  i've eaten most of the dishes on the menu, and i'd say the following: almost everything is good.  i haven't been a fan of the lamb dishes, or the dishes with rice.  of particular note are the chicken kebab, shawarma, and the alyan's fries (with seasonings, hot peppers, and onions).  if you like it particularly spicy, ask for hot sauce; it's a fresh-ground green pepper sauce.  not as hot as habaneros, but plenty spicy and nice to mix with ketchup.
this is one of my favorite places to get a bite to eat in philadelphia, and i'm sad that i no longer live 1.5 blocks away.I could go here almost everyday.  Probably my most frequent take-out spot in Philly, but also, not a bad byob for dinner.
Their lamb soup is one of my top menu items anywhere.  It is dream-worthy.  Other recommendations are the falafel and shawarma platters.  
Typically, when i do take-out, i have them hold the pita, primarily because they give you a ton.Delicious little hole in the wall that serves up fresh, Greek/Middle Eastern grub.
The mixed kabob platter is excellent, chicken, beef, lamb, and a sausage made with lamb and beef were seasoned well and grilled fresh. Hummus was solid, probably could have been a little more seasoned, but overall, solid meal!!
Also, the Alyan fries are wonderful. Fried with onions and jalepenos. So great to share with a group, because you get so much food with the platter!My go-to place for fresh, consistent & delicious middle-eastern food.Good spot for some Middle Eastern fare on South Street.  Its small and cozy, service is relatively fast and menu is well priced.
My only problem there is that there is great variation in quality of food prepared.  I like turkish/arabic coffee, but most times it comes out bland there, while on few other occasions when older cooks were making it, the taste is simply superb.  Same goes for some of the food, falafel last time was overcooked and hard :-(
Still, if you want to lay off the usual pub food of South Street and not spend much, it is a good place in a good spot.I felt like I was cheating on my Mama's boys!
Mama's VS Alyan's Ultimate Falafel Throwdown:
ALYAN's has glass tableware, as opposed to Mama's paper and plastic.
ALYAN's will let you bring your own beverage.
ALYAN's has a pita with just enough chew (Mama's is a bit bready). 
ALYAN's has the best fries in Philadelphia (hands down).
MAMA's has better FALAFEL (and that's what we're judging here, right? Alyan's is too hard on the outside, with a weird dense muffin top shape and a strange aftertaste)
MAMA's has fresher tasting toppings and salad.
MAMA's is less expensive and in a more convenient location for a quick bite.
MAMA's has a free pickled vegetables bar with your purchase.
MAMA's employees have a charm and sweetness to them unlike any other. 
I feel at home at Mama's. Alyan's isn't bad of course, and it's definitely better for dining, but there's something about Mama's...you just can't get that "hamish" feeling anywhere else.As good as Middle eastern food gets in Philly!  
Okay falafel but the lamb dishes rock.  I'm drooling just thinking about the thin strips of Shawarma that hit the lips and melted into tender goodness with crispy bits.  The Kefta was on point and the middle eastern app. platter was a great accompaniment.  
The mint tea should not be missed.
I need to go back here soon!Great little place to get your falafel fix. The chicken shwarma with tabouli is fantastic. The fries are a little salty/greasy, but who doesn't LOVE crispy fried onion rings? I will definitely come back here to try the rest of their menu. This is a BYOB, so that just makes it even better.The Shawarma is decent. Haven't had anything else. Still in search of a great shawarma sandwich... I guess this is the best you can do downtown.came back and ate here again! gave it an extra star because we sat in the back room and it was much more cozy and pretty than the front. prices are good, byob, good portions. but, don't get the stuffed grape leaves. the leaves didn't seem cooked well.Stepping into Alyan's, I immediately feel a change in the atmosphere. The intensity rises. The men sitting at its handful of tables glance back at me like I maybe shouldn't be there. Am I in South Philly I ask myself, or I am in Beirut? 
Nervously I ask the women behind the counter for a menu, hands slightly shaking, I grip it tightly. Browsing through the menu I ask the guy who clearly looks like he runs the place what I should go with, the falafel or the shawarma? "Do you want vegetarian or do you want meat" he quips back hardly. Clearly this wasn't the type of place to ask for a recommendation. After brief contemplation, I opt for the Shawarma and await my meal. Fearing the consequences I wasn't about to keep this guy waiting.
A few minutes later, my sandwich arrives. The portion is generous and weighty. The chicken is tasty, with just a few knotty bits to slow me down. The salad provides nice contrast in both temperature and texture but is just slightly saucy for my liking. The pita bread is good, but short of spectacular.
All in all a pretty satisfying Shawarma in one of the most authentic Middle Eastern joints you'll find West of Lebanon. A second visit and a sampling of their falafel could see my initial 3.5 star rating rise. 
-SZLOVE this place- always get the same thing- share a zucchini platter and a side of felafels, plus a salad if craving it.  The felafel is delicious on it's own- so flavorful, crunchy crispy outside, moist inside- so good.  The zucchini platter is a host of tasty things w/ pita that i like to wrap up in my own desired combos.  Love the greek salad or the arabic salad.  Good service, BYO, some outside seating- what's not to love?
People rave about the fries- I think they're fine, but not my favorite- and there's so much else that's so good, so why bother?Alyan's was one of the first places I went when I rolled back into Philly in 98.  I have eaten there regularly since then, so regularly that they know I like the sweet, soft pickled carrots and always hook me up with a few of them on the side of my sandwich.  I am a big fan of their falafel which is deliciously crunchy and golden brown on the outside as well as their hummus which has that dreamy creamy texture that many store bought hummus brands sadly lack.  Right now is my favorite meal is their chicken and lamb kabob sandwich which is always grilled to perfection on a nice soft pita.
Ultimately, Alyan's success is thier simplicity: Middle Eastern food prepared well with excellent consistency.Amazing! Looking for good food, healthy and tasty, this is the place ! Got the chicken Kabab platter and House Fries with Baklava! Delicious and healthy and colorfully wonderful! You will not regret!Been to this location just a handful of times and each time I went was because my favorite falafel place was closed. This place has really good fries with onions and hot peppers mixed in with them, but at the same time it's nothing that I don't think I can make at home if I really wanted to. The falafel is alright, nothing out of this world about it. I'd go back again if I was in the area and really craving the fries or a falafel but that's about it.Just real solid schwarma and falafel, no frills, and i love listening to order speak hebrew and arabic.  Solid weeknight takeout joint. Pretty good lentil soup tooWe shared mixed appetizer plate (everything good but not memorable), I had a really delicious thick lamb soup, and a lamb platter with a pitcher of the mint tea (nicely served with a simple syrup to sweeten, nice touch). My husband ordered the platter with couscous but it came with a yellow rice pilaf which we just shrugged and dug into. The lamb was very tender and the rice was tasty and saucy - unfortunately though my husband who is extremely sensitive to MSG which is often found in packaged rice mixes within minutes got a MSG headache and throat swelling.  Of course we can only speculate on the source but the timing was suspicious, there were no other potential offenders all day, and in retrospect the rice really did look and taste like a packaged Spanish rice - never had any problems having eaten at dozens of similar middle eastern / falafel places.  Service was friendly but waitress was alone and also taking phone orders.   Given the number of choices in town at which we have equal or better food and no allergic reactions we will not likely take our chances with a return visit.Authentic, fresh, delicious Middle Eastern fare. I've had almost everything on the menu and have never had a disappointing meal. Very kid-friendly. Sitting in the very back is my favorite, with a clear ceiling and hanging plants. Very casual and comfy. It's small and doesn't immediately grab the eye from the outside, but give it a chance and you'll be happy you did. BYOB, too. Service is ultra-friendly.I've always had a soft spot for restaurants that serve middle eastern food. Wow me with a kebob and I won't stop singing your praises, disappoint me with falafel and sayonara. I had my first taste at Alyan's picking up takeout on a saturday night. The decor is simple if not cluttered, another hole in the wall eatery (not always a bad thing). We ordered 2 schnitzel sandwiches, a middle-eastern staple. They came poorly wrapped in tinfoil, the large amount of salad in the pita was bland to the point that I had to add salt to a pita sandwich for the first time I can ever recall. The schnitzel was small and not all that great. The alyan fries were the best part of the meal but even they weren't anything special. 
I really would like for this place to succeed, I live nearby and I'd be a frequent customer if only the food were better. Shape up Alyan....I hear Restaurant Impossible is looking for their next big project.Alyan's is definitely a decent place to go. Good food at great price points.
The platters are a good deal--hummus, salad and meat!
Great hummus with warm pita.
The lamb or steak or chicken is delicous.
Falafel is okay--pretty decent.
Pretty laid back place with good service.So nice people but the food is not good kofta no salt I wish they fixed the hummus and kofta falafel is very good the price is very goodGreat inexpensive Kebobs and Mediterranean food in a casual environment and it's a BYOBThe only reason I'm taking away a star is because the dining area is very small. There are literally 8 tables. 
I am recommending Alayns because the food is fresh, flavorful, and authentic Mediterranean cuisine. Service was friendly and prompt. A fabulous lunch on South Street!Definitely more of a takeout spot. I say this because in short: the food was quite good, but the wait time just to get a (small cramped) table, and the subsequent service, was VERY slow. One star subtracted for the slow service and long wait just to be seated. 
What was good:
-unlimited hot pita that was tasty, no pepperidge farm garbage like some places 
-hummus was very moist and flavorful, we are the whole thing 
-I was told their falafel was delicious by my dining my companion and also by our neighbors at the (literally) adjoining table 
-the prices were quite fair 
-if you drink, they are BYOB
-their mint tea is very good 
What wasn't so good:
-Main beef: the service was SLOW and the waiter would do nothing but offer a half hearted apology for it. He forgot some items we asked for, etc. He knew we waited a lot and simply went "I bet the food was worth the wait huh?"
-my chicken shawarma was way too heavy on the cucumber. The lavash bread surrounding it was good though and I could only finish half of it
-the white sauce on the shawarma wasn't very garlicky. In fact, the waiter seemed dumbfounded when I asked about this. 
-the back room is SMALL and was full of loud, rude, obnoxious regulars. Who else is there with you can really make or break your dining experience because the place is so cramped. 
If I were in the area and wanted a bite I'd go back, but I'd probably get it to go or make sure I wasn't in any hurry and the place was free of other patrons don- TIP:  Don't go with to large a group -- it's a tiny space and you'll want to get a seat in the back room if you can.
- CON: The baba was drowning in tahini. I usually love tahina, but it completely overwhelmed any flavor from the eggplant.
- BOTTOM LINE: Quaint spot with decent (but not great) mediterranean food.I ordered a schwarma and salad here.  The schwarma sandwich was realllly heavy on the preservatives and the bread wasn't fully cooked.  The salad had a thin layer of a gel substance that looked like a glaze.  Both were oversalted, and when I asked the manager to replace the items, his son argued with me for a few minutes and then he argued with me more over the phone.  
The decor is really old, needs to be updated and the food was overpriced.  I'll pass next time.Nice Middle Eastern-Mediterrenean restaurant in the South Street locale.
Awesome kebabs and rolls. More so, excellent ambiance.Three visitors are walking up and down south streeet trying to find a place where you can eat cheap  but still sit down that isn't a loud bar.  Walk by a bunch of steak & cheese places and ehh not in the mood after having one for lunch.  Thai place?  Ehh looks empty, never a good sign.  Finally off a side street we saw Alyan's.
Highly recommend the lamb soup, spicy fries and falafel.  Portions are decent sized, the staff is nice,   and I just have no complaints.Alyan's is the absolute BEST. Every item on the menu is awesome...the hummus = AMAZING!!!!  GO!I just went back to Alyan's for a second visit after a gap of several years. I wasn't sure if it would be as good as I remembered, but it was. I would rate the falafel sandwich good not amazing, but the fries with onions and peppers -- SO GOOD. My friends' dinners were great, one had a chicken kabob that he now swears by and the other had the kibbe, also much enjoyed. Space is cozy and cute, and when we went Saturday night around 8, it was no wait for a table.I think one of my teachers recommended Alyan's to me when I asked for a place to get good falafel. They have the most flavorful and stuffed falafel i've ever had. I prefer the flavor over Maoz, and their spicy fries are the best. I've ordered them them plain and with toppings, they're great either way.  The prices are great considering the good eats, and I agree with everyone here about the atmosphere. the hanging plants and dim lit cozyness adds to the experience. My friend and I ended up writing a satirical review about Alyan's for our school newspaper, I've always secretly wanted to give it to them.I've been eating here for over 20 years. The food has always been consistent and I have never had a bad experience whether eating in or taking out. Try any of the platters. The Falafel/Hummus Pita is amazing and so are the fries. Nice to see them still in business after all this time.This is a sweet spot with just enough to choose from and some delicious mint tea. The platters are fat and definitely will leave you stuffed. The spinach and mushroom pie was delicious and stayed warm during the numerous breaks I took during the meal. Outside is deceptive but once you go inside there's some nice atrium seating in the back. I definitely need a large nap after this place. I'd suggest splitting a plate or ensuring enough time for a stroll and your stomach to go back to its normal state. At least it's mostly vegetarian!Had the lamb kabob sandwich...excellent...perfectly cooked cubes of perfectly cooked lamb enmeshed in tomato,,onion, tahini sauce...this place is goodHere's an idea. Let's grab a few beers (it's BYOB), snag a table in the back room, and order a whole bunch of fries (with the fried peppers and onions)... Ooooh and some hummus too.
Fun.i work here so i'm biased but god i love my free meals.
also, it's a byob which is always nice.Why doesn't this restaurant have 5 stars?! I have been coming here since I moved to Philadelphia in 1985. The food here is authentic, fresh and consistent! If you want posh and want to spend a lot go elsewhere, but if you want great Mediterranean food this is the spot! BYOB .Falafel-- 4/5
Hummus-- 4/5
Pita 2/5 --not fresh, not warm
Fries 3/5-- 
pricing ---REASONABLE
Over all a good restaurant, decent service. Will definitely stay on my bookmarks for Mediterranean restaurantsWe are almost never disappointed by Aliyan's.  Really recommend the kebabs, schnitzel, and fries.There is not one other restaurant I can say this about: Alyan's has been consistently good for over 15 years. I love it so much that when I moved away I always made a point to eat there whenever I visited. I have friends that still do the same. 
The portions are the perfect size. The food is fresh and delicious, all made in-house, including the Spanikopita. I don't even think the prices have changed much since I started going in the early 90s. And somehow over the years they have managed to consistently hire some of the more delightful servers in Philadelphia. 
Some specifics... 
Get the mint tea, by the pitcher if you have enough people at the table to share it with. It is light in flavor and it compliments the food so well. 
I also recommend getting a plate of Alyan's fries no matter what. If I could order a plate of the fried, little onion and pepper nuggets that come hidden in the fries I would, but alas, they don't offer them that way. But be warned, if you go with me I will eat all of them if you aren't looking. (Also, the peppers are HOT!)
Most platters come with a salad but if you have room for it, get the arabic salad, it is so refreshing and lightly dressed...it's one of those things that just feels healthy while you're eating it. Then you won't feel so bad about the plate of fried you just ate. 
Otherwise, if you are not sure what to order off the menu I recommend a platter of any sort. They give you a good sampling of everything including baba ganouj and/or hummous and a small portion of the arabic salad. This goes for the meats/kabobs just as much for the vegetarian options. 
It does appear to be a tiny place but there is a large room upstairs if you want to go with a group, just ask! Then order EVERYTHING ON THE MENU! And it's BYOB if you want to make a party out of it.shit is real fucking good. no joke. service is friendly as fuck. nice al fresco dining. food is fresher than a daisy. i will return when back in philadelphia.I LOVE ALYANS
When we come to alyan's, we usually have no plans of doing anything afterwards except rubbing our bellies and reminiscing about the recently devoured alyan's fries.
Get the alyan's fries, get one for every two people.
Having tried most things on the menu, it's all delicious, I happen to particularly enjoy the mixed grill.
They are byo, are happy to keep your beverages cold, and aren't quick to kick you out.
Yes, it's small, and cramped, but...get over it.
Enjoy!One of my favorite places for fresh, affordable, quality vegetarian fare. If I lived closer I would go to Alyan all the time, but it's certainly a treat whenever I'm around that way especially since healthy food in the South St. area is a luxury. 
Highly recommend the falaful/hummus sandwich. The mint iced tea is to die for. I want to propose marriage to the entire appetizer menu. Service is great and it's a pleasant environment. I've never felt rushed or crowded there. Best for a small group or a dynamic duo.I'll keep this simple:
BEST FALAFEL IN SOUTH PHILLY.
GREAT FRIES.
Great staff,
Cozy place to hang out.
Cheap.
Vegan friendly.
Outdoor seating in prime people-watching location.
Also a great place to take friends who "don't like falafel" (everyone likes falafel if it's GOOD falafel.) Can't recommend this place enough. I go every week... sometimes twice... sometimes thrice...Yay for another Palestinian Philly gem, bringing light to the darkness that is my usual Swarthmore existence sans Arabic food! I love, love, love Alyan's. As has been mentioned in other reviews, they are also very reasonably priced. They do /not/, as others have suggested, offer the best falafel in the city (see Hanan's stand off of Walnut for that), but the falafel is nevertheless quite good, along with most everything else on the menu. The bread is even decent quality, which is especially hard to find in Philly, because, as the owner explained to me when I mournfully asked about Arabic bakeries in the area, there is just about no place to find fresh bread in the city. He orders his from New York.
I implore everyone going to Alyan's to try the grape leaves/wara' dawali/dolmeh/whatever you want to call them, as this is just about the only restaurant I know of that makes them right. The baba ghannouj is truly excellent, and from what I hear the meat dishes are also worthwhile. They also make their own pickles, which is hugely exciting; for those of you who are familiar with traditional Arabic fare, good pickles are a must. 
I've made big orders from Alyan's for cultural events on multiple occasions, and I encourage others to use them for catering, as they are very generous with both portions and pricing. You do have to go pick the stuff up on your own, though. 
The only negatives I can think of are that the salads are only mediocre and not always fresh, there is usually not enough seating for all the people I want to bring, and it's a bit of a walk to South Street from any of the major SEPTA stops (I'm not a fan of buses). Give Alyan's a try if you're looking for a cheap eat or just craving real Arabic food. They're definitely worth the trip!If you only have one day a week to break your diet do it here. This restaurant has amazing food and you absolutely can't beat the prices. This is small ,casual and if your walking by you may not even notice it however its totally worth checking out if your into middle eastern cuisine and don't feel like dressing up. The falafel is the best I've ever had and the fries are great.I have been going to this place since I moved to the area going on 10 years.  I love the food, but sorry to say that I will not be going back.  Just last week I was having dinner with my wife and to our surprise she found a piece of SHARP BROKEN GLASS in her food.  The waitress express deep concern and empathy.  Upon contacting the owner by phone and she put him on to speak with me.  I can clearly hear he was upstair and he did not have the decency to come down and speak to me face to face.  All he can say is he's sorry and did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to accommodate or make us feel he was really sorry in any shape or form.  As the place was busy and most tables were full he had only 1 cook handling the whole place and even he did not have time to address this issue.  So be warned that all that taste good is not safe.Fantastic & Fresh
The homemade  Falafel on Pita with tahini sauce, fresh veggies is a wonderful vegetarian option. The sandwiches are made fresh per order. They also offer  other Mediterranean dishes as well  e.g chicken shish kabobs etc.I love Alyan's, I've gone so many times and had a great experience each time. It's a small, no frills, authentic middle eastern restaurant off of South St. The food is authentic, very well priced, and delicious. The little back room is cute, and the service is always great. Love love love it!I went  by myself, had a wonderful falafel sandwich, and found everybody who worked there to be exceptionally friendly and efficient.  The place was not crowded when I was there, and I sat in the back room--very charming, very nice.  Great food, wonderful mint tea.  I want to go back, and I want to try the fries next time.Came here later on a Saturday night, so that might factor into it. Basically I'd say this was mediocre. Mushy tomatoes, dry and crackly pita, too much lettuce. Aside from that, they do have good falafel and the humous is very refined and authentic. I have a feeling we just went at a bad time and didn't get the full treatment.  Was disappointed because the reason we chose this place was that everyone said they serve you fresh pita out of the oven. We didn't get that.I had a nice, enjoyable lunch here yesterday.
They were easy with substituting something, which I really appreciated. 
The cinnamon simple syrup was a nice touch to the fresh mint iced tea. 
I tried the regular shwarma sandwich and also the chicken kebob platter. The hummus was absolutely delicious and the baba ganoush hit the spot. The chicken had perfect grill marks and was very tender and well seasoned.A REAL place for dope Middle Eastern cuisine. No Bullshit. Fare prices. Cozy.
 They want me to say more but I think I've said it all this is a dope spot very good food, fairly priced, Tightsqueeze so on the weekend get the food to go.Just had one of the best take-out meals ive eaten in Philly, and ive lived here a while. Amazing hot-pepper fries, perfect Falafel platter w/ delicious hummus, & an incredible wait staff; couldn't ask for more! A++Love this place! Everything they make is fresh and delicious! Atmosphere is nice and staff is friendly. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat middle eastern.Went here for lunch, somewhat inexpensive and fresh good food. I got the mediterranean combo with hummus, baba,  grape leaves (some of the best warm that I've had) tabbouleh, salad, and pita. The mint iced tea just tasted like ice tea though, but the rest of the food was really good.Very cute, very authentic, very worth the price! I don't eat meat, but I can appreciate the authenticity of the meat cooking pole or whatever that's called.  The space is really cute (that back room is great!).  The service is fast, and the food is filling!  You get a lot of food for what you pay, especially compared to the competitors.  Their outdoor seating could be a little bit more glamorous, but I don't know if I'd want to eat on Tattoo Row anyway.  
I'm getting hungry...!This place (Alyan's) is one of the best middle eastern resturants I've ever eaten at. My husband and I have been coming here since1981 (our first date) and we still continue to enjoy the Authentic food and away from it all atmosphere. The food is always freshly made, get ready to spoil your palette. Guaranteed to keep you coming back for more.Many people would never walk in the door, because it looks like a little dive, just off South Street (which it is) but Alyan's is near and dear to my heart.  I always thought it was my own little secret place (with little back room that feels more like Istanbul than Philly) until I realized that a lot of other people feel the same way.  The same owners have been preparing the same thing for years and years, and whenever I am in that part of the city, the Alyan's magnet seems to pull me in.  And I've been going there for years for the ckicken kabob sandwich (or lamb), and the lentil soup.  They have it down to a science- the pita is warm, the grilled vegetables done well and chicken is consistently tender.  With an abundance of grilled vegetables, it's a pretty healthy meal, too.  It's so healthy, in fact, that you will have to get the "fries," to balance things out (all things in moderation...including "moderation!").  My wife uses this logic whenever we go to Alyan's, and (for someone who doesn't eat fries) she always calls back the waitress to add the fries because they are "that good."  Topped with crispy onions and peppers as a garnish.  As good as fries at Rouge (but, Middle-Eastern style).  I would give it a fifth star if not for the occasional inconsistency in the lamb, which sometimes is really, really good, and sometimes a bit dry.  Never bad, though, and equal to what you get in even very expensive places.Went to Alyan's on a freezing day when most people stayed indoors, but they were still open and ready to serve food. We ordered the mix grill, an order of falafel and the French fries. The restaurant provided free rice on the house - it contained chickpeas and little pieces of meat. Overall - the hummus in the mixed grill platter,the meat, and the falafel were excellent! The falafel had a shatteringly crisp exterior and fresh, soft interior. The meat was great though we wish the portion size was larger. The hummus was fantastic - creamy,  not too tart. The rice and french fries were the least memorable. They weren't bad, but they weren't by any means amazing or super flavorful. Would definitely come back again for other main dishes or that falafel!I love this place. It's never crowded, do people not know that this gem exists?! I always try to get something new every time but I seem to get my fav which is the mixed grill sandwich and fries. Yummy yummyI worked here in 2005-2006, and I know personally the owner, who is everyday at the restaurant managing his kitchen. I am still a regular customer. The food is amazing! and really really affordable. Salads are fresh, shish kebab are cooked to perfection (and its not always well done =) and falafel is just THE BEST i've ever tried (and I tried falafel in Jerusalem)  
They have second floor for bigger parties and they are always ready to work up a deal for you party =) and its BYOB =)I love this place! The atmosphere, as many others have said, is terrific. It gives you that "Yeah, I should come here all the time," feeling. Relaxed, clean, cozy, small (sit in the back room). 
I've had their pita, hummus, falafel sandwich, lamb platter w/ couscous and hot mint tea and every single one of those items (which I order over and over) cause me to stop and have a "Damn, this is a delicious moment" moment. Hot, fresh pita, thick, fragrant hummus with extra tahini and olive oil on top, tender and flavorful lamb and veggies...mmm, the best! 
Maybe I'm just lucky, but seriously, if you like Middle Eastern fare, try Alyan's. You might get lucky, too! ;)Went in for dinner- very quick, friendly service. Had the chicken shwarma and falafel pita and hummus. So filling. Great price for so much food. Will def come back.WORST. PLACE.  EVER.  
We came here after reading the reviews, and the place looked like a nice hole in the wall, and we were excited to support a ma and pa kind of place, but boy were we wrong!
They carry a turkey and chicken only shawarma?  Really?  What kind of authentic place doesn't have a beef nor lamb shawarma?!
Fine fine, so we ordered a beef sheesh kebab and a falafaal.  They use a low quality pita bread so the thing comes apart immediately.  It is full of veggies and no meat/ falafaal.  When I finally did get to the meat, it was the hardest, rubber like material with no flavor EVER.  It was so bad, I threw it out.  Not even my dog would eat that crap.  The falafaal was just ok.  
Save your money and time, and go elesewhere.  This place SUCKS!Love middle eastern and this place does the trick.  Nothing fancy, but straight up good food.  I like the chicken schwarma platter.I've been to this place many times as its one of my favorite places to eat!!  I can't not say anything bad about their food.  I haven't been here in quite sometime as it is a distance from me.  I usually ordered the no. 11 or 12? on the menu.  Chicken, rice and vegetable and once is awhile I would get the Alyan's Mixed Grill.  I don't know what's in that long pattie meat but it is delicious!!! I've wanted to ask them but I didn't want them to think I was trying to steal their secret recipe bc it tastes like a secret lol.  I miss it but I always hope to have enough time to travel down south st so I can have me a great meal at Alyan's.Cheap and easy, we stopped in here for a bite when we didn't know where to go.  We left another bar and didn't feel like cooking at home so we grabbed a bottle of wine and headed over.  At first glance, this looks like nothing more than a take out joint but there are more seats in the back of the restaurant.  The food was fresh and plentiful.  After splitting the meat and veggie platter, we were thoroughly stuffed and satisfied.  Service is quick and easy considering it's such a small place.  It seemed consistently busy, even for a Wednesday night, which is refreshing on a weeknight.  This place is definitely a good option if your looking for good fast(er) food without the hassle of a "formal" dining experience.