3rd time's the charm! Wait, actually, every time has been a charm!
I am absolutely in love with Jose Garces restaurant, but Amada is definitely my favorite! (A little bit sad that I didn't get to try Chifa before it closed)...
FOOD: 5/5
-Definitely start with a mixto of either cheese or cured meat. I'm a huge fan of cheeses so that's what I went, but wow, the cured meat platter next to us look so tempting! I went with the manchego (loved the lavender honey), ermesenda, and garrotxa; the garrotxa itself is a bit bland, but with the garlic dulce de leche, it was magical! all in all, there is no cheese you can go wrong with if you're a cheese lover!
-Gazpacho - one of my favorite here; love the fresh factor, and yellow tomato is always so interesting. It's just so rightly chilled and slightly sour. Great appetizer!
-Tortilla Espanola - my girlfriend loved it, but it was a bit of "potato overload" for me!
-Albondigas - a classic tapas dish for me here, definitely a must!
-Gambas al Ajillo - pan seared shrimp if I'm correct. It's definitely good but not to die for. Sprayed with lemon juice on top so it's definitely refreshing
-Alcachofas y setas - read that the wild mushrooms were delicious so we gave this a try. If we weren't so darn full by now it would've been amazingly scrumptious. Regardless, definitely a dish worth trying!
-Crema catalan - I don't want to sound crude but isn't it just creme brulee? Good, but didn't like the dates on there. Also, you get a FREE almond cookie! It's good enough of a dessert itself!
AMBIANCE & SERVICE: 5/5
Love the design of the restaurant; this didn't change since my last dinner. Service has been amazing the past two times. I was unfortunate to arrive a bit more than 20 minutes late, and with a call to the restaurant ahead of the time, they were willing to hold my table. Thank you! The waiters and waitresses were so nice, and my water glass was never empty (my huge pet peeve!). 
RECOMMENDATION
Definitely don't get too much. People say tapas are small, but they can fill you up quickly! We got 7 total, including dessert and counting the mixto cheese platter as one instead of three. THAT IS DEFINITELY TOO MUCH! I could barely enjoy the flatbread and dessert because I was so darn full! Also, ditch the dessert and eat the FREE cookie. It's good! When the tab came, I was pleasantly surprised that tip and tax included, it was right under $100, which makes me think this was much more worth it than a date at a steakhouse, and much more appealing. I'd much rather not watch my date chomp over some steak ferociously....ALSO, if you're running a bit late or hitting traffic, give a quick call ahead and they can usually hold your table for up to 20-30 minutes! Just be nice and ask!I had been wanting to go to Amada for a long time and I finally go to go this past weekend! My cousins and I split a pitcher of red sangria, which had the perfect ratio of wine and fruit juice. After drinking some sangria, I ordered the Broken Hugs cocktail and found that to be even better than the sangria. We ordered about 8 small plates between the three of us, which ended up being the perfect amount. My favorite dishes were the lamb meatballs, baked goat cheese, and grilled octopus. I would 10/10 recommend Amada whether it is for drinks at the bar or a nice sit down dinner!I was excited to try this restaurant when I visited Philly as I've heard great things of the one in NYC and haven't had a chance to make it yet. I was honestly surprised of how underwhelming the food was. We ordered the ham croquettes which were cold in the middle and the ham filling didn't have as much flavor as I've had in the past. Next we had the crab stuffed pepper which was room temperature (not hot like it should be) and was just okay. We had also ordered the grill beef skewer and the mushroom and artichoke flat bread in which were both pretty good. We didn't order dessert since we felt it was better not to. Overall it's a beautiful restaurant and service was great but they could take a few pointers from Boqueria.One of the original tapas restaurants in Philadelphia that continues to produce fine tapas and drinks. For bourbon lovers try the matador. Nicely decorated inside, the restaurant is great for both business and pleasure. Their paella is very good as are their desserts. One of the best restaurants in Old City.My first experience having tapas did not disappoint. I'm so glad it was at Amada. Everything was delicious! I came on a Monday night with my boyfriend for Center City Restaurant Week, and the place was packed. We were seated very quickly (we had a reservation). For the first course, we had Aged Manchego Cheese with truffle lavender honey, Chorizo Blanco, Tortilla Española, and Gambas Al Ajillo. For the second course, we had Coca de Alcachofas Y Setas, A La Plancha: Hanger Steak, Arroz Temporado, and Madre E Hijo,. We both got Tocinillo de Cielo for dessert. There wasn't one thing I didn't like--they were all so yummy!Another visit, another hit!  And we had the pleasure of meeting Chef Garces himself!  What a charming, down to earth soul.  By all means, have their signature pork tapa - but know that it takes a good half hour to give the skin that perfect CRUNCH that had us all weak at the knees.  Seriously, if I'm going to up my cholesterol - this is the way to do it!  Food is prepared with a lot of love!  I wasn't too thrilled with the spanish octopus though, it was tough and dry.  But the oysters with strawberries and cava sorbet - what a delight!  That short rib flat bread?  Amazing!  The wagu beef skewer?  Delicioso!  The cheese and charcuterie with some wonderful tempranillo - definitely a great starter!  I can't wait to visit some of his other restaurants.  The place was PACKED on a Tuesday night, and not a single diner seemed unhappy - the food is and was all this iron chef says he offers!  Next time Im bringing friends and we are ordering the cochinillo!  GRACIAS AMADA!This was my first time at Amada and we did "the pig" -- a definite must! I highly recommend finding 3 or more friends and getting on the list as reservations book up a couple months in advance. They bring the roasted suckling pig tableside to carve -- it's quite the site. The bowls of chick peas with spinach in a red sauce, grilled green onions, roasted fingerling potatoes, and white beans with rosemary that accompany the pig were all delicous. We also started off with a few tapas which I recommend  while waiting (garlic shrimp and a chef's cheese plate selection -- both delicous). I'm also hooked on their wine list -- if you like whites, try the Verdejo!Everything on the menu is great. I've been numerous times and have never had a dish that wasn't outstanding in some way. I love the decor too. Sorry to cut this short I have to go eat at Amada.We came here since a friend recommended it. Luckily we booked ahead And they were very accommodating.  Overall it was a great atmosphere and great for drinks.  The suckling pig was very tasty but it's more of a dish for 6-8 people and comes with sides.
Sangria was tasty as well.We were there on Tuesday around 1:30pm. Just a few tables of people. We did the chef's selection. Hubs loved the IPA and my wine was great too. The chef's selection was $35 per person and it was A LOT of food.  I'm a pescatarian and they were able to make changes from steak to fish. Normally I'm not a fan of cauliflower but Amanda did a great job! But the scallops was just okay a bit bitter. Overall great experience.AMAZING TAPAS!
they have a drink called "women on the verge of a nervous breakdown". 
a favorite of some of my peeps!Sad sad sad!!!! I love this place... really I do... my wife and I have been there a few times. We even got to meet Jose Garces there once.
But we went there for lunch a few weeks back. From the moment we walked through the door, I got a bad feeling and it only went down from there.
When we walked through the door, we were asked if we wanted to sit at the high tables at the bar. I hate when restaurants ask you to do that. It's almost as if they are saying, "we don't want to waste our tables on you so we'll sit you at the bar".  There were literally two other tables with people in them at that time. I'll let that one go though... maybe this is some sort of acceptable business practice for restaurants.
But the problems really started with our waitress... not only did we wait almost 10 minutes for her to say hello to us. And when she did, there was no smile, she just said, "I'll be back to bring you both tap water..." errr... what if we wanted bottle water?!?!! 
At no point during the time we ordered our food, to the end of the meal did she smile at us. It was the absolute worst service I have ever had at a JG restaurant. and I've been to most of them many times. I forget her name, but she had reddish/brown hair. She was so condescending and dismissive... it got to the point where we didn't even want to talk to her. 
The only time she smiled was when she brought the bill over... I guess she was hoping for a better tip. (sigh)
What made it worse was that she was so warm and inviting to the other tables that were seated after us. My wife and I sat there in shock. The only saving grace with the wait staff was that one of the runners was probably one of the best I've had at a JG restaurant. She went above and beyond to make sure we were happy.
Luckily the food was fantastic(as always). 
If this were my first time at this restaurant, I would NEVER go back.
That being said, my wife and I are going to Rosa Blanca this weekend... I'm hoping for a nicer experience.It's really good, but not spectacular. There are some great tapas here and it's well worth the stop. I've lived off of Spanish food most of my life and could say there are a lot of dishes here that are tasty. What bugged me was that the two easiest and most quintessential dishes were off. The tortilla was just dry and dense...and also the patatas bravas dish's allioli just tastes like Hellmans mixed with a tiny, tiny dab of garlic. Being a flagship restaurant, make real allioli and put some actual garlic in it. Anyway; not trying to sound bitter...I actually have been here several times, and it's worth it. It's just those two things really bother me.With over 700 reviews, I doubt mine will make a difference, but I can't hold in my love for Amada much longer. Last Friday, I came here for the fifth time, and I was blown away yet again by the flavor of the food. With my boyfriend, I normally get my favorite dish, the spinach and fig salad wrapped in serrano ham. But this past week, I was with my pescaterian friend, so we got the $55 tasting and requested that there be no meat/poultry. 
Everything was spot-on - especially the diver scallops, fava beans, and mushrooms. The food just kept coming!  We definitely got our money's worth and waddled out of there fat and satisfied.The food was AMAZING! We had many dishes and they we all delicious!
FILET MIGNON (Cabrales, Foie Gras,Swiss Chard,Tempranillo Jus) was absolutely delicious. I never had foie gras before and I didnt even want it on the meat. It came out on the side. I tasted it and was surprised. It was delish! Tasted like a rich, bacon taste and it complimented the steak perfectly!
We also had calamari, cheese dish, cured meats dish, short rib flatbread, artichoke flatbread, wagyu beef brochetts, BERENJENAS, and much more!
All of the food is wonderful. There are some things I wouldnt pick off the menu because i wasnt sure but our great server Karri brought out some suggestions and they were the right choices!!Tough call on this one...but can't find it in me to give it a 4. 
Went for lunch on a Sunday which meant the brunch menu.  Asked the waiter for his opinion and he recommended everything on the menu.  Thanks!
I ordered a Dark Habits cocktail for $12.50 which was underwhelming.  
We proceeded to order a variety of dishes ranging from the calamari to the crab stuffed peppers. Everything "from the grill" tasted the same...the garlic. lemon and parsley was the star.  Prices were high for the portions provided (yes...I understand the concept of tapas).  On a positive note, the ricotta pancakes and chirizo con papas were very good.  
In the end, the waiter was less than helpful, the food was tasty  but a bit monotonous and overpriced.  
I would return to try the famous suckling pig but for now i was left a bit disappointed.I came here for the restaurant week specials and I was very surprised to find space at the bar. The bar has a large selection on the menu and you should be able to find something you like.   I started with a mojito that had too much rum and prevented the full flavor of the mint and lime.  My 1st courses were the spicy potatoes and braised peppers. Both were excellent.  The octopus that followed was fantastic and needs to be tried when you visit.  The crab stuffed pepper was excellent also. The pastry for dessert was okay but looked like the better choice of the 2 options.  I was very surprised with the large selection of choices for restaurant week. I shall try to return on my next trip to Olde city.My boyfriend and I had the chef's selection, which I highly recommend. It's comprised of several plates making up several courses, all paired with the chef's recommended wine choices. We had the house cured sardines, wild mushrooms, green salad with asparagus and manchego, a cheese plate (which included pairing cheeses with things like honey, quince and nutella - yum!), flatbread with braised pork shoulder, sizzling shrimp and garlic, steak with goat cheese mousse (my favorite) and so much more. The food was delicious all around; the wine was paired perfectly; and the service was fantastic. I never felt rushed  - in fact, we asked the server if she would wait a few minutes between the courses so we could pace ourselves, and she was lovely about it.
I thought it was a beautiful dining experience - delicious, innovative food, and fantastic service. I might not be able to afford to go to this restaurant often, but it's the kind of place that is actually worth the money when you do go.I really wanted to like this place. Granted, I came for happy hour which isn't a full reflection of all the restaurant's offerings, but I generally do like to test out a restaurant's pros and cons before committing to spending my hard earned $$$ on dinner. Anyways, we came and they told us that if we couldn't find seats at the bar (she was also a bit dismissive and rude), then we couldn't engage in happy hour, this was annoying because when we walked into the bar area, we saw a few empty high tops that other people were sitting at and clearly were engaging in happy hour there, so not sure why the girl at the front told us we could only grab seats at the bar. My friend went back and told another girl that there were no seats at the bar, and she checked her computer and said no problem, she can seat us at a shared high top. I'm really not sure why they couldn't have done that from the beginning, and why we had to deal with another hostess's attitude. Anyways, we got seated, and began to order (I also should say that all of the service after the initial hostess was great, our waitress was very sweet and efficient). I ordered the aged manchego montadito, the pan con tomate, the salpicon de mariscos, and the patatas bravas. Omfg ew. The best thing out of all of these was the aged manchego, and even then the bread stiff and hard. The pan con tomate tasted very metallic, as if they had spooned it out of a metal tin. The patatas braves had some type of sauce on them that was just completely gross. It tasted like paprika on overkill, and I like paprika man. These were all bad, but the absolute worst of it, and the reason I will never come back is the octopus. Omg, I love octopus and they honestly cooked it well, it wasn't over cooked, it was pretty tender, but the sauce was disgusting. It genuinely tasted as if they had spooned cold chef boyardee on top of the octopus. 
I was done after that. We paid the check and just left, and I can honestly say I will never be back.
Yuck, man.Had reservations for 8:00 and was seated promptly however we waited about 8-10 mins before someone walked by and offered us water. Around the 15 min. mark, we began to wonder who our waiter/waitress was and it turned out to be the woman who offered us the water. She had not introduced herself. Once she took our orders, she was more attentive to our table. We had the garlic shrimp, crab stuffed peppers and lobster paella. Each dish was simply divine. Additionally we ordered one round of drinks and dessert.Came here last Thursday for restaurant week.  Good for drinks.  The tapas were savory and very flavorful.  Recommend bringing a few people so that you can share the dishes among the party and try a wider variety of the menu.  Although the portions on most items were okay in size, I thought the pepper stuffed with crab meat was a little chancy.  We did not care for the desserts that were offered.  One was completely sour, which is why I could not give this restaurant five stars.  So come for the drinks and tapas but skip dessert.Food:  
If I ever go back here it will be for the Chicken Paella.  It was the best thing on the menu but it was huge.  We ordered a bunch of smaller tapas style items before hand and could barely finish this.  Not complaining it was great the next day - just saying.  A lot of people I know have talked up this restaurant so much that my expectations were that I would be blown away.  I wasn't blown away but it was good.  I think the menu could use a revamp personally.  
Service:
Our waiter was really nice.  The service was great.
Ambiance:  The decor is beautiful.  I especially loved the lighting.  We were seated at a table for two along the wall farthest from the bar.  I have to admit, I was surprised by how small the dinning room was - it was a little cramped where we were while on the other side (with what I'll call the bench picnic table) has ample amount of extra space all around it.  The food and waiters all come through a little narrow passage way surrounded by people seating and eating.  It probably could be laid out better to accommodate more people.I have yet to eat at a Garces restaurant that was "not" good - expensive, yes, but at least I am leaving feeling like that it was well worth it.
The goods: cured meats and cheeses (loved the aged manchego with truffled lavender honey), ham croquettes, shortrib flatbread, chicken breast w/truffles and fried egg (you really can't go wrong if you put an egg on top of something). The sangra is also great!
The oks: roasted peppers/eggplant, chorizo, grilled scallops, desserts
One huge ding - we had a party of 8 but had made a reservation nearly a month in advance to plan ahead for Restaurant Week. We ended up waiting nearly 40 minutes for our table, which was pretty ridiculous for a Tuesday night. They were nice enough to provide complimentary cured meats/cheese but I highly highly recommend making resos for this place. 
Also - it's probably better to come here with a group so that you can try more dishes. I think being able to try multiple dishes def makes the experience better - plus, the portions are decent sizes.Went there on a Sunday night. The atmosphere was cozy and great for a date. Food and cocktails were amazing- and holy crap, that charcuterie! This is definitely a winner.What can I say about Amada. One of the best Spanish tapas restaurants I have ever been to. 
I went with my sister, wife and aunt last night. We ordered about 12 plates. Every single plate was wonderful. To be honest, everything on the menu is great, so my recommendation is to try everything at least once.  The flavors bursting from every dish cannot be matched. 
The service was also great. We had a reservation for 8:30 pm. We were seated within minutes. Our server was very nice and well versed on the menu.
Amada is pricy depending on what you order so be prepared to spend some money but the dinner is worth it in my book.
The spiced Sangria is a must try!this place is FANTASTIC. sit in the old city , i love the setting. great food , great service, and the atmosphere was beautiful. overall great place to get take your significant other.The price kind of high but well worth it.My wife and I went there for their soup and salad or sandwich lunch special. The food was very good, but service atrocious. We had to ask for our beverages several times. Food was slow in coming. But worst of all, the check was delivered in a leatherette holder smeared with grease and chunks of someone else's food. After taking our credit card it was returned in the same holder with the same garbage still smeared on it. We left with no appetite to return.The idea behind tapas is pretty insane(good or bad I haven't decided yet) you get very small portions for crazy amounts of moolah but somehow they're always delicious and in a weird way you're actually full.
The manchego cheese plate with lavender honey is the dish to get! I would go back just for that but the prices are the only thing that steer me away.
The decor is unique and they have high tables for a more casual feel. It was a good girls date and I may consider coming back for a round two if Im in the area!Great girls night out! Red sangria was delicious - we had to wait for our reservation but luckily were not in a rush. All of our tapas were delicious and our waiter was helpful with recommendations.Went to dinner last night with the hubby at Amada. It was our second time there. The food was fantastic- we shared a variety of tapas including the patatas, the empanadas, the almejas, and shrimp & chorizo flatbread. My favorite was the flat bread- the flavor combination was out of this world. We did not have any reservations and were very lucky to be seated right away at a communal high top table by the bar (eating at high top bar tables is actually my preference). Our only complaint was that although our waitress was lovely the service at the end of the meal was very slow. We waited about 30 minutes after eating our last meal to be given our check. Other than that the service was great. The host and hostess were very nice as well . I would definitely  return!Amada will literally blow your socks off. Hands down one of my top 5 in Philly. Everything here is absolutely incredible. Aged manchego with truffle lavender honey? I die. I'm salivating just thinking about it. Seriously, just go. Close your eyes and point to something on the menu... doesn't matter what it is. It will be phenomenal. Service is top notch, decor is classy and not gaudy. I love everything about it.How does JG do it?
All of his places have great food and stellar service.
Amada is no exception and is one of our favorite places to go.
Highly recommended and go hungry, cause your going to want to order everything...and some things twice!Consistently exceptional food and service. For the meal quality, pretty fair prices. 5-6 tapas is enough per 2 people.I honestly had high expectations going into dinner. We had over 7 different dishes and they all were too salty, undercooked and/or VERY small portions. I wish I had better things to say about this restaurant but I dont. Definitely wont be returning back. Save your $$$/time and go somewhere else.Decided to make our anniversary dinner our first Garces experience as well. I picked Amada because of the recommended location and romantic ambiance. The place is pretty packed on a Saturday night so reservations would be a suggestion. We got there a bit earlier than our reservation and decided to grab a drink at the bar an greeted by a very attentive staff. Your everyday drinks are well made and strong. Their specialty drinks are a must try. Even though they are a bit pricey, the taste and potency are worth the $12+ you pay. I do think they need to make the bar area a bit more bright as I literally saw a guy holding a mini flashlight just to look over the menu. Front dining area is where you want to be seated for people watching and if you are with a more lively crowd, but we were seated in the back where it is a bit more intimate. The menu is a one-pager but it can be a little daunting trying to figure out what to order and how much. They recommend about 3 plates per person which seemed about right. Even though they are small plates, you will start feeling full towards the end of your meal as most plates consist of bread, protein or cheese. The standouts items were the bacon wrapped dates and the pork flatbread. The disappointments were the filet which tasted more like a cheap cut of meat (esp. for $19) and the goat cheese dip which reminded me of Stouffer's lasagna. Service was attentive and happy with the experience, but not to the point that I would venture back into the city to try it out again.Food: Some dishes are great!  Some dishes were a little salty, and the olives were soaked in too much vinegar. 
Service: well, if the food, aside from the super tart olives, was good and still they get 3stars you can guess.
What gives!? The waiter was an idiot, duh I play football with the chef? Excuse me? Or erasing the CID on my credit card? He must have liked my friend or something. He also recommended the seasonal mushrooms.. hello, is freaking the middle of winter! I've hunted mushrooms, and there ain't any nowadays. Also, the restaurant was freezing! I mean really chilly, and then I had to wait outside for the vale myself... it's subzero and u send your customers into the cold to stand and freeze?? Sorry, I hope Iron Chef learns out to keep the wait staff etc in line the same way he keeps his kitchen staff. I'm never going here again!The circumstances under which I went here were a little unique--I was meeting my Californian pen pal of 15 years for the first time! (For serious! We started writing when I was in 4th grade and haven't stopped since, and last year was the first time I ever met her.) Her fiance had suggested Amada, since he had been before, and what a great choice. We ended up going around 4 PM so we didn't eat a whole lot, but we got a few different plates. It was SO good. After waiting at the bar for a bit for a table, we got seated. The restaurant has a cool vibe, and the staff was friendly. 
But now for the best part: BACON WRAPPED DATES. I barely knew what dates were when we ordered this, and I'm still not really sure. It doesn't matter, though. They're amazing. AH-MAZ-ING. 
So now that I've finally written this review, I'm excited to go back and get a full meal there. I have a feeling my next update will be 5 stars for Amada.Ambiance was great, but unfortunately the food wasn't as good as the environment nor the service. The two servers were amazing! The portions of food were too small and the stuffed potatoes were lack luster. Oh and the sangria wasn't that great either. I hate to sound like a negative Nancy, but it's just my opinion. There's a possibility I'll be back just no time soonAmada was my husband's favorite restaurant  in Philly; we used to go there every month for fabulous food at not so pricky prices, till about a year ago when they started dipping their standards. We still dine in about twice a year (my husband just can't stop coming), but the old magic is somewhere lost. Nevertheless, Amada still is one of the better restaurants in Philly!
Today we came for the weekend brunch for the first time ever. And the food was decent but lacked the midas touch. The sangrias though were as good as ever. It was a full house, so much do that they ran out of desserts. Overall it still holds a little space in Philly's culinary scene, and if you love spanish tapas, this is not a place to be missed!Best restaurant in Philly and we've tried so many.  Zane and Sasha are the best bartenders.  They offer great food suggestions and drinks are perfect.  Try the bean and ham stew, the scallops and the flatbreads.  Quick service, great presentation and delicious food.  Wait...did I tell you the staff, all of them, are awesome??  They are helpful, kind and quick.  They'll check your coat and get you anything you need.  They even charged my phone for me!Really enjoyed all the tapas dishes.  Maybe I'm a little skewed because I was celebrating my daughter's birthday with her??  EnjoyAbsolutely fantastic
Five stars
The atmosphere is bustling, the reservation was made weeks before.
The sangria was on point.
Was still ordering 2hrs lasted when the manager asked us to move to the bar because of the backup of reservations.
He offered to buy the next sangrias.
Definite returnWhat an awesome place! Had a really large group for dinner and it was wonderful! 
The food is fantastic. Manchego with honey and apples was definitely the crowd favorite. Salad was absolutely delicious. Patatas bravas had the cutest presentation. Paella was really good too.
Overall, great experience. Service was on point, ambiance was great, there is happy hour...what's not to like!Although the food does have a some slight fusion influences, the Spanish heart shines! It feels like being there.I went here with a large group of people. They accommodated us with a large room in the back of the restaurant which was very convenient. The roasted cauliflower and wild mushrooms were amazing. I also got the cheese plate and the asparagus which were really good and served to share. The service was incredible. I'd definitely go back again!This place is pricy.  Potato bravos are served in tiny portions during dinner time. We had to wait for the cheese plate for 20 min though we asked to get it ASAP, so we could go pay parking on time. Sangria is good, but tapas are nothing special. The tables are narrow and close to each other. They also didn't have chocolate desert available which added to my disappointment. I guess I had to lower my expectations before I entered the restaurant or it was just nit the best evening to dine.ive been to many spanish/tapas restaurants in major metropolitan cities (sf, ny, dc, and barcelona), so when someone suggested amada, i was stoked! but i really didn't think it lived up to the hype. the food is good and the place is gorgeous, but it wasn't all that memorable for me. i just remember leaving feeling like the food was really salty and the sangria was too sweet.  needless to say, i was underwhelmed. It was strictly a 3 star event. 
however, i came back here for the suckling pig meal with my best yelper grace s and co. this time around, the food was  MUCH BETTER. the sides were very yummy and complimented the main course (the pig) beautifully!  the pig came out still piping hot and the server carved the pig nicely. definitely come here for the suckling pig meal! +1, upgrading to 4 stars based on this experience.Simply put, this is the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  
For so long Philadelphia had been plagued by Stephen Starr and BYOBs, who would have thought that Chef Garces could have emerged from one of Starr's food chop shops (Alma De Cuba) to become this city's culinary savior.
The atmosphere is makes you believe that you are entering a little slice of rustic Spain...stone floors, a dark wood bar, cured meat hanging in an open kitchen, and candle lighting over scrubbed wood tables.  The closeness of the tables doesn't just encourage, but demands that you discuss your meal with neighbors, and often hidden gems that I would not normally consider have been recommended and savored.
The cuisine is traditional, small plate Spanish fare: lamb chops, artisanal cheeses and charcuterie, fresh seafood, and perfectly cooked meats.  Not to miss dishes include the Spanish octopus (one of Garces' specialities), lamb meatballs with manchego, duck confit flatbread, and the grilled lamb chops.  Dessert should always include the saffron rice pudding, another of Chef Garces' specialties.
For first-timers, the menu can be a bit overwhelming, so I definitely recommend the chef's tasting.  Ranging for $45-$65/guest, it worth every penny, as you get to experience the full gamut of the chefs' range of skills and flavors.  A wine pairing is a great accompaniment with each course is also a good idea.
The staff is welcoming and helpful, with the waitstaff and bartenders especially knowledgeable with suggestions for both food and drink. 
Amada really is one of the jewels of Philadelphia restaurant scene, so reservations are a must, especially given Chef Garces' recent Iron Chef appointmentAmazing Tapas! The variety of items on the menu is in particularly impressive. Typically tapas places dont' have a lot and I thought it would be overwhelming but it was not.
I had the Temporada Sangria and it was delicious. While it is basically watered down wine it was very tasty.
We ordered 5 items for 2 people:
We ordered the special salad which had watermelon, charcoaled cheese and a dressing. The charcoaled cheese is not for everyone, and it was not for me
ALBÓNDIGAS - This was lamb meatballs with shaved manchego. This was fantastic! the meat was juicy the cheese fit perfectly with the rest of the dish and the quantity was plentiful
ALCACHOFAS Y SETAS - This was the vegetarian flatbread with artichiokes, mushrooms, black truffle and manchego. Delicious.
ESPÁRRAGOS CON TRUFAS - Asparagus, egg and truffles, This was good but had a much milder taste
QUESO DE CABRA - Baked goat cheese with tomato bisque essentially is what this was. I was too full by the time this came out but I did try the sauce and it was delicious. I kind of wish i had saved room for this. 
Overall this place was fantastic! The ambiance, the food and the drink choices are plentiful.the best time to go is on a tuesday afternoon after 1pm, grab a window seat, order enough food to go a few hrs, layback, drink and watch the old city walk by.  kitchen closes but the bar don't during the shift change so if you can make it to happy hour, bonus.We were recommended to this restaurant by a friend, who raved and raved, and we found it to be a wonderful experience. 
We went as a group of 3, and were seated in this awkward end table, with one of us in a serving lane. We had a bright light on our table and it kind of ruined the quiet ambiance.
Our hostesses were wonderful and our server, Elena, was very knowledgeable about the menu. I am a vegetarian and they were able to cater to my diet preferences in the Tasting Menu option ($10 off for vegetarians).
Our cocktails were wonderful and our Sangria (Temporada) was pretty good.
We did a variety of dishes through the Tasting Menu and many were Out of This World good. Like, amazing. Particularly everything with mushrooms. We strongly recommend the flatbread and the verdura (salad) and the mushroom risotto dish they have.
Our biggest complaint was that the portions were huge. We understand that they are trying to combat the "tapas aren't filling" stereotype, but the portions were really too big. I would have preferred to pay a few dollars less and have a bit less food. For example, the chickpea and spinach dish was in a huge soup bowl, and it was in our third course. Unnecessarily large.
Also, even though there were three of us, we only received two desserts. I'm assuming that someone who ate at Amada solo would receive a whole dessert, so why not one dessert per person?"Say whaaa?!" 
That was me when I found out Amada added a happy hour with drink and food specials. Before meeting up with people for dinner, my roommate and I headed over to Amada to take advantage of their happy hour. Their red and white sangrias were only $5 a glass so we went with the white. It was sweet and fruity but had the pleasant addition of a rosemary sprig in there to keep it from being too sweet. (After several sips, the rosemary became too strong and I had to remove it but that's just my personal preference) 
We ordered a few snacks while we sat to keep our hunger at bay until dinner later. We ordered the olives, the spicy potatoes, the ham croquettes, and the tortilla espanola. Each dish was presented beautifully and tasted as great as it looked. My favorite was the ham croquettes. I'll definitely be back for happy hour and I'd love to come back for dinner someday.We just happened upon Amada on October 3, and being fans of Jose Garces, we went in.  After having really bad margarita's at another restaurant, our awesome bartender Julie made us outstanding ones!  Definitely going back for more.  We had the Serrano app and the machego cheese and truffled lavender honey, which we purchased to bring home.  The chorizo was outstanding as well.  Overall outstanding and a place to return to...Tapas, tapas, and more tapas.  Great dining option for a group of folks who enjoy interacting and sharing.  They suggested 3 plates apiece .... around $5-$20 per plate ... so, yeah, it racks up the bill pretty quick.  Genius on their part!
I really liked the garlic shrimp, spicy potatoes, lamb chops, anchovies and olives,  some cheese (can't recall exact name, sorry - but I think they're all pretty good), some white and seasonal rose sangria.  Maple syrup ice cream  - yummy!
I think its overpriced, but it is great food for sure.So, I bashed the other Garces places I hit during my recent trip but this place blew me away.  We had a two hour foodgasm.
Pulpo was amazing and as good as anything I've eaten in Spain.  We had the grilled lamb (like eating perfection on a stick!), garlic shrimp and pork shoulder.  The only disapointment was the Chipirones.  I was expecting the traditional presentation but they informed me they changed it after we fussy americans weren't ordering it.
The service was outstanding and our waiter was thoroughly versed on the menu.  An excellent experience.one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia!!
amazing cheese platter, garlic shrimp....basically you can't go wrong with anything on the menu
oh and did I mention the amazing sangria and other cocktailsReally disappointing. We got the tasting menu. The food was only OK. Nothing special at all. Unfortunately the service was worse. It was the type of service you expect at a take our restaurant. Our sever and the bus lady had bad attitudes and seemed bothered to serve us. I can't even count how many times we ran out of water and had to wait and try to flag someone down to refill us. This is not what I was expecting from a restaurant at this price point. The manager would be wise to fire all of the current staff and start over. I overheard the table next to us also talking about how bad the service was.Amada is amazing, all around. And it's my favorite place in Old City by far.
I've been to Amada for brunch and happy hour. Four of us shared everything on the brunch menu and it was all delicious. The happy hour menu is served at the bar. I would recommend ordering a few of the happy hour items, but also ordering some regular items from the dinner menu. The special items are honestly really tiny, just a bite or two, which is great for trying a bunch of different things but not so great if you're hungry.
I love both the red and white sangria too!Definitely a place for tasty bites and a very ambient atmosphere for a date. See you again soon, Amada!Excellent menu choices, and each we shared was a winner. Sampler of 3 cheeses, each with either honey, fruit or chocolate-nut spread. Simple green salad that was simply delicious. Scallops, lamb chops, flatbread, asparagus all extremely well prepared and presented. Good wines and guidance. Pleasant service.This is a lovely establishment. Hip part of town, hip decor and hip all around. Lots of staff keeping busy and tending to our needs. So funny, the place is currently packed, but we arrived before the rush to an empty place and the maitre d' asked if we had a reservation as if he would turn us away if not. No worries, though; we get it.  The food is really good which is great since the dark ambience puts our tummies in the hands of the chef. Overall, we are pleased and would definitely recommend others trying it out as well.Went to Amada on a date with the wife.  The decor and atmosphere were great.  We had an early reservation 6 p.m. and was nice because we had pretty much the entire room to ourselves, and added to the romance.  (Trust me, the place had filled to full capacity midway through our meal, reservations here are a must and this was a weeknight).  We deiced to get the mixed cheese plate to start.  If anyone is ordering a cheese plate I would recommend the aged manchego with truffled lavender honey.  The honey and cheese were simply amazing.  Also ordered the garratxa (w/ garlic dulce de leche, a unique twist and also fantastic) and the la peral.    
This place has all sorts of tapas- traditional, salads, flatbreads veggies and meats.  We ordered 6 plates between the two of us which were more than enough.  
We ordered the spicy potatoes with a paprika aioli which were cooked perfectly and had awesome flavor.  
The asparagus with poached egg and truffles also had nice flavor and the egg was a nice addition.  
The calamari vermicelli with scallops and sweet onion cream sauce.  I am normally not a calamari or cream sauce fan but there was so much flavor in the sauce that I ignored my previous dislikes.  
Chicken with egg and fingerling potatoes- the potatoes were cooked perfectly and the sauce had a lot of flavor.  
The roast pork with orange and white beans was a generous portion for a tapas dish- it was almost impossible to eat after all the other dishes.  The pork was awesome, I just wished there was more citrus on the dish.  
We were so impressed with dessert that we both ordered our own dish.  I got the lemon torta with blueberry ice cream.  The ice cream was great and the lemon thyme honey was amazing.  My wife ordered the fig and goat cheese dessert which she loved.  
The service was amazing, the servers were constantly filling our water. I also loved the way in which they served the plates.  I've been to tapas places where they are all served at once making it difficult for one to enjoy all the dishes at the same time.  Here, they served dishes one at a time and not until you were almost finished the prior one.  Never once did I feel rushed in this place which is always packed full.  
Definite a must for anyone looking to dine in Old City.Octopus.  Please get it.  Im giving 5 stars just for this. There was also a salad wrapped in prosciutto that bears mention.  Overall though, Im excited to go back.After seeing Jose Garces on Iron Chef America recently, I was psyched to visit Philly for a business trip this week.  Amada was not around when I lived in Philly, so it was new to me, and I was very impressed with the first visit.  The menu looks intimidating at first with many categories - chaucuterie and cheese, traditional tapas, salads, grilled items, and cosas or flatbread.  A good strategy is to try something from each category.  We started with chaucuterie and ordered a large plate of lomo, which was a generous portion for $9.  The ensalada de jamon was another winner -  a fig and cabrales cheese salad wrapped in serrano ham, which was very flavorful and also generous in portion.  For some reason, some of the traditional tapas fell short, like the gambas al ajillo, which was not very flavorful.  But the octopus with potato was incredibly flavorful and tender.  Also not to be missed are the cocas (flatbread) and the version we liked best included duck confit, cabrales, Serrano ham and a date glaze.  Like the salad, just an incredible combination of flavors.  We somehow managed to save room for dessert, and the special was an item that the chef prepared on Iron Chef America, which included small cubes of various melon glazed with sugar (like crème burlee) accompanied by crème fraiche ice cream, which was a lighter and perfect ending to a glorious meal.  Overall, Amada is refreshing new take on an old formula with many surprises.  Highly recommended!what a shame- wine was excellent as well as the bar service.
Food would have been delicious if it wasn't incredibly salty.
Might as well have been licking a salt block.Wow. What a great find for us. Everything well prepared and delicious.  Service very good and the sangria's were tasty. Don't forget the garlic shrimp or artichokes with Parmesan cheese.  Just love it.Food is very reasonably priced - however, I've gone twice expecting more from the experience and food. Service was sub par both times - the food is okay, but nothing special. Good for sharing small plates to try a good amount of the menu. Although, The sangria they make is AMAZING. Valet parking available. I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again though.3 of us ordered the chef's tasting menu - it seemed like enough for 5.  Everything was delicious, great variety of veggie options, meat, and seafood, and they overheard it was my birthday and came out with a birthday dessert complete with a candle.  The seasonal sangria was excellent as well.  Ambiance was lovely and the wait staff highly attentive and friendly.  I highly recommend this restaurant and will come back again.If you want dark, small atmosphere, this is the place. If you want rude, unattentive, snobby managers and bartenders, make a reservation now. We had eaten at their sister property Tinto and it was fabulous. The service was amazing, the food was good. We called on our way over and there was a wait, so we headed to the bar. The bartender took a little over 5 minutes to even look our way and we were SITTING at the bar. My family received their drinks before I did, which was a martini. Waiting another 5 minutes, I finally asked and the rude, Irish bartender said he didn't have any glasses. He never offered me something else OR let me know that was the hold up. He had already mixed the martini, so when he finally got a glass it was so watered down, I had to ask for another one in a rock glass. He then removed the menus that were in front of us for other customers without even asking if we wanted to eat. Not to mention we were actually looking at it. My brother is a chef, my ex-finance is a restaurant manager, and I work in the hospitality world, so we know what good service is and how managers, especially should act towards their patrons. One of the absolute worst experiences in service I have ever had. However, the food was amazing. So, be prepared to love the food, but hate the service. Go to Tinto instead.I went here for restaurant week with a friend and we got to sit at chef's table...super score!  we got to pick from their prixe fixe menu, but the options were vast, all of the food that came to our table was delicious, the waitstaff was patient and friendly, service was pretty quick, and we got to watch the chefs in action, which was awesome!  i would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes good food!Truly enjoyed everything I had, from the cocktails to the pizzetta...except for the chickpea dish, in which the chickpeas weren't cooked all the way through.
http://thetrufflehoney.blogspot.com/2011/03/restaurants-amada.htmlCame here for brunch over the Memorial Day weekend.  Ate here for dinner the previous year and was really impressed with it, so maybe my expectations were high.  Granted, the brunch menu isn't as large as the dinner menu, but the brunch menu looked pretty good.  We ordered the Chorizo con Pappas, Revuelto, Amada's Omelet, Croquetas de Jamon, skirt steak and scallops. The best dish was the scallops and the omelet.  The rest of the entrees looked really good, but I don't know who the chef was but they are really heavy handed with the salt.  I think I ate enough sodium for the rest of the week.   I wish they could taste it before they send the dish out.I love Amada for the simple fact that the tapas(small plates) allow people like me to overeat without making it apparent that overeating is actually in occurance. 
For dinner, the server suggested that my boyfriend and I order a total of 6 tapas for us to share. Being stubborn and on the brink of starvation, we ordered seven (not including dessert). I can honestly say that everything was tasty, some dishes even being "lick the plate" worthy. 
Here's the breakdown of what we ordered:
pulpo a la gallega-little pieces of octopus with sliced potato on the side. Had a delicious smokey flavor to it, similar to bacon.
gambas al a jillo-garlic shrimp (seasoned with the right amount of garlic)that comes with bread slices. 
albondigas-lamb meat balls in a minblowing brown sauce of some kind. I don't know whats in it, but I don't care.
oysters-three fresh oysters presented in white spoons with a strawberry merinade.
costillas de ternera-strips of beef on flatbread topped with horseradish, parmesan, and bacon. This is the perfect combination of salty and sweet in one bite. I will definately be trying the other shortbreads in the future. 
pernil asado-pork with white beans. Was weary to order this, because some restaurants really dry out their pork, but this was just right.
cordero relleno-lamb chops stuffed with goat cheese. Wow...so tender! I can't stop thinking about this dish. 
esparragos con trufas-asparagus, truffles and poached egg. If you choose any of the vegetarian options, pick this one. 
for dessert we ordered a flourless chocolate cake. So light, and not to rich. A chocolate lovers dream, basically.
Amada gets four stars from me for  because although the food was everyhing I expected and more, the service definately fell short. I felt as if my meal was being rushed because they served each tapas pretty much back to back. Also, my waitor was pretty stoic...not in a cool mysterious way, but in a creepy offputting way. Will definately be back regardless.Love you Jose Garces!This place is one of my favorites in the city.  everything here is a must try, if u like a tapas restaurant this is the place to go, the food is delicious and a great atmosphere to go out with friends.  perfect place to go with a large group and try their tasting menu, if u do pre-order the pig, it is awesome.Came here on a Saturday night and it was packed. Decor was nice, nothing extremely special. Lights were dimmed for a romantic ambiance. I'd order slightly more food than you think - the tapas portion here are smaller than the average tapa plates I've had. 
For three, we ordered:
Clams & chorizo - DELICIOUS SAUCE! Favorite dish of the night. But not enough clams :(
Octopus - also delicious. Served spicy with potatoes. 
Wagyu beef - cooked medium rare served on 3 skewers. Pretty good. 
Ham salad - spinach salad wrapped with LOTS of prosciutto with gorgonzola and figs. Must get!
Mussels - off the shell, served almost like a ceviche style, with slices of bread. The mussels were soo tender. Must get too!
Scallops -  meh. Pretty flavorless. 
All in all, food is delicious!Came here the first couple months it was open and I was blown away.
Came back again a few weeks ago, still the same great service, quality ingredients, and fantastic ambiance.
There's nothing that I can say that hasn't been said. But I totally recommend ordering as you go, a few plates at a time, not all at once. Most plates don't take too long to come out anyway, it gives you the opportunity to feel out what would work next. Mix it up, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before, like the fried baby squid, they do it well and you should trust your chef. If you are bold, avoid the Chef's selection, it's good but it's more fun to pick yourself (or have people at your table pick) if you have some problems, ask your server, they always have great recommendations.
Standouts:
Serrano Ham
Lomo Embuchado
Pulpa A La Gallega
Patatas Bravas
Lamb Meatballs
For 4 people we ordered, 12 plates, 2 desserts, 4 glasses of wine, 4 cocktails, 1 port, 2 sambuca, 2 espressos, it came out to about $225 without tip. Not bad considering we went to Continental (right before), had 2 apps, 6 drinks and it was $110.
Book early, it's hard to get a reservation at a reasonable time, don't think you are getting a 7:30 Saturday seat for 4, 1 week in advance. Love this placeGreat if you love traditional Spanish tapas. Service was a rad slow though, so we were hungry for most of the meal (the reason I'm not a tapas fan). Worth a try though. The atmosphere is really romanticTop notch tapas place. Its a beautiful restaurant inside, classy environment
Was a party of three so this was our choices for the evening
Chickpeas and spinach- great flavor texture. And good starter
Wagyu beef brochettes- f-in fantastic. So tender melt in your mouth flavor. My fav of the evening. 
Batiles con almedras- bacon wrapped dates. These may not be for everyone , myself includes but i was a definite fan. Just great contrast in flavors. Sweet with the saltiness of the bacon.
Thumbs up
Chorizo- kind of standard issued chorizo but good non the less. I tend to venture off into the unknown more often so this was good but nothing i havent heard before
Pernil asado- now this was a damn flavor explosion. Wow wow. I can still taste it. The pork has this great crispy skin on top and the fattiness below it of the pork. Goood lordd. What a way to end the meal. Pure joy
Also we had pitcher of white sangria, was delicious , refreshing and strong!
Overall great place indeed. If tapas is an option. Highly enjoyable dining experienceThe most amazing tasting menu I have ever had. Service was great; server was very knowledgable and seemed genuinely passionate about the food and wine. I can't believe I have been in the area for years and haven't gotten there yet! I will be returning as much as my budget allows!Truly stellar restaurant! Order the aged manchego and the chicken brochettes! The roasted peppers are amazing and vegetarian.
It is definitely pricy but go for restaurant week and split dishes to get a taste of all the different and amazing things served there. I heard from a friend that the servings were too small to get a meal out of the restaurant week options. It turned out this was because she ordered particular dishes (such as the cheeses) which are quite small. Order a variety of things, including the spinach chickpea dish or something else with more substance.I tried Amada for the first time today for Restaurant Week lunch. I've heard good things, and it's true, Amada lives up to the hype. I had the ham croquettes to start and the shrimp dish (GAMBAS A LA PLANCHA) and "spicy potatoes" for my entree. Each plate was very good although the "spicy potatoes' weren't so spicy. I probably wouldn't order them again. Dessert was chocolate cake with caramel sauce - delish! The service was excellent and I wull definitely return to try their dinner menu.The food and service at Amada are outstanding. Both times I came here, I made the reservation for 5pm, which is when they open. I arrived early and they politely requested that I wait at the bar. The bartender was fun to watch and he made really good drinks. When someone came to walk my wife and I to our table, she carried my wife's drink for her which I thought was a nice touch. I really felt pampered the entire time I was there - constant changing of our silverware and refilling our wine glasses with no delay. The food portions were small, but everything looked and tasted delicious. Overall, Amada is my favorite upscale restaurant in Philly.Come here every year while in Philly. Food is great but slow service and too much noise make the experience less than optimal.  Used to be 5 stars, but has dropped to 3 over the years. Too bad.Amazing brunch hot spot. I would recommend one thing but that is pointless- it was all phenomenal. Go with people who share, only way to experience all the wonderfulness!A)  the server is very attentive until he completely disappears for way too long 
B) gambas al ajilo should not be completely drowned in lemon. It's not called gambas al Limon
C) chorizo here is not Spanish chorizo.  It's too sweet.  It's closer to Chinese sausage or Portuguese sherise
Otherwise, short rib Flatbread is good.  Parmesan crust is great .Skip the Lobster Paella, stick with the awesome Tapas.
This place has a great atmosphere.  Totally fun vibe.  The decor was straight out of Spain and the lanterns on the tables and bar were a great touch.  It is very loud inside, but not so much that it is distraction, but instead contributing to a fun night out feel.
The host was very accommodating when my reservation for the chef's table was blocked by laggards chitchatting.  I appreciate not wanting to deliver the check before the party is ready, but be firm when they are chatting after paying the bill and ask them to move to the bar to accommodate reservations.  The sat me at a very nice table instead.
The waitress was divine - made spot on recommendations and was surpurbly attentive.  The Tapas was great.  I totally recommend the garlic shrimp.  Simply scrumptious and brought sizzling to the table in a little crock.  Annoyingly there were more shrimp than toast to put them on, so I had to ask for more.  The artichoke and wild mushroom flatbread was a perfect counterpoint.
I toured Spain when I was younger and fell in love with the regional varieties of paella thus I expect a degree of difference whenever I order it.  However, what was delivered was a huge sloppy mess of deconstructed seafood paella with oiled cilantro salad dumped into the side of the pan.  It didn't appear to have been thoroughly mixed either as I hit pockets of salt that made it almost inedible and the squid ink didn't add anything to the dish.  I can only assume Chef intended the spice to come from the paprika aioli on the toast as there wasn't anything else discernible in the paella.  I'm used to the prawns and seafood being cooked in the paella pan itself.  It seemed the major seafood was cooked outside of e pan and added afterwards which defeats the whole purpose of paella being cooked together.  If this is a signature dish, then I submit that Chef has been in absentia too long.
The waitress recommended the Flao for desert, bless her heart!  It was awesome.  Like a lighter cousin to a cheesecake it was simply heavenly.  The coffee was tragedy in a cup.  You would think world renown chefs would learn you can't finish out a high class meal with horrible coffee.  The Specialty Coffee Association of America exists for a reason.
All in all, a great experience.  I'd totally go back for Tapas.Great date place.  the service was fantastic and the staff was very likeable.  Also liked the ambience.  The menu and food had really interesting tastes that made you want more.  Portion sizes were very generous.I have been here 3 times thus far - drinks, restaurant week, and birthday dinner.  The place is great, lovely atmosphere.  All the food items I remembered tasted great --- I definitely recommend coming here for restaurant week.  Have a small group of people so you can try multiple tapas.  I have had my share of tapas in Spain and yea, I will give them 4 stars.
Next time, I'm going to sit and watch them prepare the food!My new fiancé, sister and her BF came here to celebrate our engagement this past Saturday. We were all very impressed by the atmosphere, food, and service at Amada. The men of our party are self proclaimed "food snobs" and when they gave 5 stars, you know its great! We waited for our table at the bar, we had early reservations (5:30pm) so it was not crowded yet. The bartender was very friendly, and engaged my fiancé in conversation over the numerous designer cocktails they create. The tables and fixtures are really cool... Wooden tables and a lot of space to spread out and eat numerous plates.
We ordered:
CHEESE PLATE- Amazing honey, and apples for dipping
ALBÓNDIGAS- Lamb meatballs, delicious! Loved the sauce it came in.
PULPO A LA GALLEGA- Octopus, tasted amazing, very flavorful, and chewy!
REVUELTO- Shirred Eggs, Shrimp,Wild Mushrooms, probably the best thing on the menu! YUM YUM YUMMM!!!!
SCALLOPS- Grilled, large size, perfect!
BACALAO- Black Cod, Morcilla Potato, Stew, Saffron Emulsion- the fish was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth. The Saffrom emulsion was strange looking but very tasty.
LECHÓN- Pork Flatbread. Very good, there was a decent amount of meat on the flatbread.
I think we ordered a few more things as well, but these were all stand outs!
Our server was very attentive and they did serve the food promptly and not all at once which was nice! At the end they brought out a cake my sister had bought from an outside bakery with candles to wish us a happy engagement. The only pitfall was they charge a $20 cutting fee. That is pricey! All in all I would highly recommend Amada!An unfortunate piece of old city restaurant culture is an undertone of demand for high-end patrons. It's like the area has earned the right to have a selective focus group, which excludes those that save up money to go there.
So, Amada has this undertone. They have an open kitchen, but don't detour by it to see it or you're kind of looked at like you're too interested. Be cool- this isn't benihana. 
The napkins are nice quality. The bathroom hand towels are the light linen-like high quality hand towel.
We came slightly under-dressed, so they sat us at a high-top by the bar. And we weren't even dressed casually. Like they only wanted SUPER nice  clothing in their main dining room?
They send out a complimentary app of the night, and a light desert bread. But the tapas are just what you expect... tapas. A light meal at most if you get a meat. It's definitely pricey, and without a gift certificate we probably wouldn't go there because it's not worth the cost for such tiny food. VERY high quality food, but 3 bites each dish. Ouch.We had a pretty great experience here. It was my first time and my two friends have been there many times before. We ordered the pulpo, assorted cheese plate, albondigas and the jamón croquetas. The truffle sauce on the albondigas was to die for! I did t really like the seasoning and sauce in the pulpo even thought it was cooked perfectly and the texture was good. The croquetas were a safe choice and the sauce was delicious. I took one star off because after we were finished we had the ask the server 4-5 times for our check when he walked by the table many times and then just disappeared for 15minutes. Other than that, the service was pretty good.Great tapas!  Not sure if it's on the menu, but I do recommend asking for a pitcher of sangria. Make sure you enjoy it over fabulous conversation.Insanely salty food, great service.
We ordered 7 things, and 5 of them were unbearably salty. The server changed the spicy potatoes and it came back all the same salty. The sauce of the lamb meatballs was killer salty. The grilled asparagus was insane salty. After 6 plates, we could not even bear to eat the 7th one. 
I have grown up on very salty food (Indian) and been to a few tapas places - so not sure if it was just my tolerance of salt. 
Anyways, the server was great - she took off a few items off the bill and bought us desserts.This is my favorite Philly restaurant. I have been here over 5 times and it doesn't get any better. Great food and wine. Service is great!! Love JG restaurants. Try everything, it is all great!!Amada used to be my favorite restaurant in Philly. It was where I begged my husband to let us go of we had a night out in the city. But the last two times I have been, both for lunch, it has been mediocre and too salty. I once had their bean and ham stew and it was inedible, like slurping a bowl of ocean water. I had hoped it was a fluke, an anomaly. But when I returned for Restaurant Week,  their ham croquettes and beef kabobs were also too heavy on the salt. I have no idea what has happened to this place. Where once it was original and sublime it is now barely palatable. Maybe I'm ordering the wrong things, but that's absurd. Everything should be fantastic, as it once was.A high-end place that I normally wouldn't step in.  We went for restaurant week earlier in the year and was completely floored by how good the food was.  Had a variety of things, all of which were incredible.  Highly recommended.We came here for lunch around one and were seated immediately.  We got a tall table with what I found were really uncomfortable stools, so we asked to sit in a normal table with regular chairs.  There was no problem with that, and we ordered drinks right away.  Surprisingly, the coffee was really really good.  The sangria with mint and peach is also very good and very refreshing.  Even for a chilly October day, the sangria was perfect.  We got the cured meats mixto, and then we went through a bunch of the tapas: tortilla, eggplant, peppers stuffed with crab, and something else I cannot remember.  Everything looks really cool, but be careful if you come here with an odd number of people, like three, because most of the tapas come in two, so you may have to do some weird splitting if more people come and want to try one of each.  If you do not find parking on Chestnut, that's normal, keep driving around and don't despair.  During the day there is 3 hour parking on Front St. which you will hit if you stay on Chestnut past Amada.  Also when you sit down there are these little things on the napkin that look like they came from a fondue set, so we just used them to hook the meats and stuff, but no one could tell us for sure what they were for.  Now that I have an idea of their tapas, maybe I'll come here for dinner and try a traditional entree.
AND they just got a makeover inside last week!Only had drinks, so thats all I can comment on, but everything that passed by the bar smelled AMAZING!!!
I will say that the Sangria Blanco is the best sangria I've ever had. For reals. Drink this.This place has great food, keep in mind that it is tapas so the portions are going to be smaller in quantity. The menu is a little pricey and you can easily spend over $120 dollars w/o even knowing it but the atmosphere, service and food quality is great!With my bf: 3 1/2 stars, With a group: probably 5 stars
We went a few days ago, and the food was definitely killer. But, since it was just the two of us, I don't think we were able to get the full amada experience...a full suckling pig would've put us in a hurt locker for days, although I'm sure those first few bites would've been worth it. Regardless, the food we did get was pretty awesome, but I would still recommend going with a big group so you get to try a little bit of everything. 
I lived in Spain, so I definitely appreciated the authenticity of everything he put out, especially with the traditional tapas. Spanish food takes some getting used to (I eat EVERYTHING, and had some trouble my first month in Spain), but once you love it, you're hooked. That said, he does a great job bringing Spanish food some popularity.
I love the Garces amuse. You start off the meal with long dainty chips with a smooth salty tuna-black olive dip. My boyfriend DESPISES olives, and he loved this. Now I know how to sneak 'em in :)
Started off with the FRIED PEPPERS - 'pimientos', definitely was not expecting fried shishito peppers...this dish was pretty average.
WHITE ASPARAGUS SOUP: I was a big fan, and it grows on you with each bite. It's cold, with a warm crabcake in the middle. It's a little acidic, but when you have it with the crabcake, the whole bite is really something.
EMPANADA!!!: with spinach, manchego, artichoke - DAMN this was tasty. The problem - there was only a bite for each of us. I could've eaten like ten more. I love bursts of hit-you-in-the-face flavor like that. Incredible.
the QUAIL! oh my god oh my god the QUAIL. This was the moment that I was like ok, this place deserves all the hype. Spicy chorizo stuffed quail (it's served as a long sausage in slices) in a GENIUS harissa-mustard sauce. GET THIS (really reasonable portion for just two people! not too big not too small)
PAN ROASTED BARRAMUNDI: this plate just screamed creativity - you could tell that SO MUCH thought went into it. I couldn't even get a handle on what exactly I was eating - I just knew that I really haven't had that flavor combination before. Highly recommended for the adventurous palate. 
LEMON TORT: OBSESSED. Was so full, but had to make room for this little guy. The lemon tort itself was mild in comparison to others I've had, but I think the addition of thin slices of lemon confit on top, with the blueberry jam on the bottom took it over the top for me. I loved that tart slice of lemon in my mouth with the consistency of the crumbly tart. Delicious, and although really modern and interesting, totally homey and comforting. 
Definitely worth the trip!!, but need to go back with a group of six or more! I think the ultimate experience is when you get to try the whole menu, otherwise the decision making process is daunting...(i could literally see my boyfriend get anxious...)I just got back from Spain, so I came here thinking I could relive some of the same food experiences state-side.  Not even close.  First, the jamon iberico tasted like it's been sitting for a long while.  The olive oil on top was a dead give away.  Very dry, tough and a bit stale.  The butifarra flatbread barely had any butifarra.  It's not a seasoning, it's a sausage.  Try adding some.  Their patatas bravas were more like a tater tot (about 8 total), with a dollop of unnatural looking orange mayo on top of each.  I'll put my version up against theirs any day of the week...and win.  Also, pan con tomate is not bruschetta.  Go easy on the toppings.  I've literally had the same menu items from a cafeteria in a department store in Spain (El Corte Ingles) for about $150 less and about 10 times better.  If they can figure this out, why can't this place?One word of advice, Amada and its portions are probably best suited for at least a party of four. That way, you can get a sampling of each item. The restaurant has a fairly diverse menu with lots of different options. But each platter provides about four servings. While we went ahead and ordered an assortment of platters for our party of 2, there were several dishes that I did not need a second or third helping of.
Regardless, service was good. While firing away our list of dishes, the waitress slowed us down and suggested that 6 might be the most a party of 6 could finish. She was right. We barely touched course number 6. 
All the food was flavorful. We got the cheese sampler and an assortment of meat dishes. However, our favorites actually were the vegetarian dishes. The spinach and beans were smoky. The asparagus was perfectly done and the poached egg complemented the dish quiet well.
Amada serves some pretty solid food.Our favorite restaurant.  The food and service is beyond exceptional.  We're at the point where the only reason we don't make a reservation is because we're afraid of wearing out the restaurant.  My wife always gets the chicken with the whole egg, and believe it or not, the chickpeas with spinach is one of our favorite dishes.  I would skip any of the pork specials, never worth the hype, despite the quality of the pork.I am so torn on this review.  A friend and I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon.  Sat at the bar for a bite and a cocktail  We ordered the Sangria and a meat and cheese plate.  The food was fabulous, the Sangria border line magical.  The service was the worst!  He was far more interested in the chick at the other end of the bar than anything we had to say.  Took forever to get menus, never got water although we asked twice.  The check took so long we actually contemplating just leaving and saying screw it.  Our cards sat on the bar for 23 minutes (yes we counted).  I finally got up and found the hostess to get our bill.  I would NEVER sit at the bar here again, but I would try the dining room, the food was worth it.A very nice American bar-style restaurant.
I ordered lamb chops and cheese steak. The taste of lamb chops surpass some Michelin restaurants' lamb dishes' taste. Definitely worth trying. The cheese steaks here are different from Philly cheese steaks, because they add mushrooms and onions.
In addition, the salad we ordered is creative because they add favas in it. The whole salad is constructed of green vegetables, the vision and the taste both give us a comfortable feeling.
It is rated 4 * because the menu is kind of confusing and the service is below average.Bruh.... This place is a roller coaster for me. I came here one late night right as they were closing and my mouth was blown away. I was a tapas virgin until Amada. Now that I have come back a second time I am sad to say I am a little disappointed. I find consistency to be key when rating a restaurant. Instead of doing a hole review I am going to do individual dishes. The ambience and staff is killer and that has never changed.
Free Tuna Dip and Triangle Crips: The only thing that makes this dish better is the fact that it is free. The flavor of the dip is so good although not visually appealing.
Crab Stuffed Peppers: The pepper's flavor didn't really come through and nor did the crab. The filling consisted more herby mayo than anything. The sliced almonds give a great texture contrast.
Spanish Octopus: This is what really got me the first time. The octopus has a red spice powder that coats your mouth and the lemon calms all the flavors. The second time I had it there was very little octopus at all and it was a little overcooked. 
Garlic Shrimp: The shrimp was overcooked and under seasoned. It didn't have enough garlic or salt. The bread dipped in the olive oil sauce is wonderful.
Grilled Shrimp/ Chicken: Both of the grilled items were in the same parsley olive oil. They were also both overcooked and lacked some key flavors.
Grilled Lamb: Perfect in every way. Definitely a must order.
Pork Belly: They slowly cooked the pork belly which is not a good thing to do in small pieces. The fat rendered out and the meat became tough. When you cook pork belly fast you end up with a crispy fat and moist tender meat. That was not the case here. It came with a sautéed onion purée that was tasty af.
Amada is definitely worth a try and is sure to impress any first time tapa goers.Great restaurant - best thing to do is get the $45 option with $20 wine pairing - expensive but you get what you pay for.This was the first stop of a long night i planned for my partner's birthday. We came in for happy hour so we sat at the bar:
Service: we were served bartender that was constantly staring (yes...homophobic bartender in the middle of fancy amada old city philadelphia!) 
Drinks: drinks were great i had the tequila based cocktail (burned wings) and my partner the sangria blanca
Food: we complained to the manager about the bartender's outrageous behavior - we had ordered everything on the happy hour menu, some things are better than others. In general, the food was OK- i wasnt planning on writing a bad review because he covered our food bill, but guess what? We had to hurry back home because my partner was throwing up!!!!
I mean... I thought I couldnt go wrong with this supposedly 5-star restaurant...turns out, everything's wrong about it and they ruined a precious night in the worst ways possibleBeen to both locations.  Had my birthday dinner in Atlantic city and went to dinner there last week.  This is a perfect place for lunch, dinner, happy hour, or an event. The second location in Phila is very nice. I would say its the nicest and classiest restaurant in old city. It has a mix tapas and regular size food items. They have seafood , lamb and beef on the menu which are all good.  For alcohol we had sangria which was awesome.   The atmosphere is very chill and relaxing.  I would definitely keep coming back here again.  Make sure you make reservations in advance because its always packed and usually does not have immediate seating. Side note: this place belongs in Rittenhouse Area.Great restaurant! Very attentive staff and interesting drunk menu. Two of us split 5 tapas and the cheese plate and it was more than enough. If you're looking for a "special occasions" place, this is it!Dont miss the sangria....good decent portions of tapas. The staff were kind enough to get us a table evwm though we had arrived 1.5 hrs from our reservation time.Perhaps I was expecting too much. 
My wife and I came here for our first wedding anniversary. I called a week ahead to let them know I wanted tonight to be special, and was told that they would provide us with as romantic of a setting as possible, and it was noted that we were celebrating a special day. As soon as we walked in, we were promptly seated and the waiter was at our tableside. Great, right? It was...until this same speed continued throughout our entire meal. Perhaps he was trying to be attentive, but we were asked about our drink selections before we got to even glance at the drink menu. We were also asked about our meal selections 4 times, while we were clearly still reading. The food came out extremely quickly (which was great) until the second course blended into the final course, and the dessert came before we finished the second course. 
If I were in a hurry and was at a short order restaurant, the speed would be great. However, we were at Amada for a romantic, quality, dinner, and I felt like I was at a diner being rushed by a waiter who wanted a table to clear up (come on...dessert came before we finished eating!). Oh, and no mention at all about our anniversary. 
I'm giving Amada 2 stars because of the quality of the food...it was indeed as good as advertised, but very very overpriced. If you want a quality tapas experience with good quantity/prices, don't go here.It is a good restaurant that serve with lovely Spanish foods. I love their homemade honey, it fits with anything they have. However, the dishes are really small. You might spend about $100 for a meal there.Can't wait for my next dinner party 9/2 with 9 of my favorite people at my favorite Philadelphia restaurant. You can never go wrong with any Chef Garces spots, but this is his best! Authentic Spanish tapas. I suggest a Mixto of 3 cheeses or cured meats as an appetizer, followed by Serrano ham & fig salad, cabrales @ spiced almonds. For dinner I love the lamb chops stuffed with goat cheese, herbs & romesco sauce. If you can't decide (it is hard) just go with the chef's selection! EnjoyMy bf took me here on a Wednesday night and despite having a 8PM reservation, we got there at 7:30 hoping to get seated, but it was quite packed. 
Once seated, however, it was a great experience. The restaurant is spacious and comfy. The waitstaff was pleasant, and no pressure to buy bottled water. 
The wine started off okay but as other reviewers noted, not that great by the glass. by the end of dinner I was done with my wine despite having 1/2 of it left. Oops. The sangria, however, is good and reasonable at $7/$8
The FOOD:
1. flatbread with beef-- very yummy. get it!
2. spanish octopus--VERY VERY good. I've had a lot of grilled octopus before but this was something special.
3. lambchops--good but overpriced. I would try something else next time.
4. beets--interesting but nothing special
5. shrimp--loved the sauce, but I'm not sure how i feel about shrimp that looks like it came from costco
6. dessert--peach something--interesting and yummy but it didn't knock my socks off. 
all in all a great meal. And though it's "pricey", as long as you control the number of things you get, I don't think it's that bad of a deal. It's still cheaper than appetizer/entree at most BYOB if you stick to 2/2.5 dishes per person.We are in Philly visiting family and my son picked this place to celebrate his birthday.  We had 10 people in our party so we had a variety of dishes.   Scallops, lobster, beef, clams, flatbread, salads, potatoes, and desserts - all were delicious.   Since everything is small plates we all shared and tasted so we could enjoy all the flavors.   Scallops, shrimp flatbread, and both beef dishes were the favorites of the night with crab stuffed peppers and the beef short rib flatbread close behind.  If you enjoy being able to sample many delicacies, this is the place to go.Fabulous dining experience! The service was terrific, the ambiance was very nice, and the noise level was well-balanced - quiet enough to maintain an air of sophistication, but noisy enough to not feel like a morgue. 
But the food was the star of the show. All the tapas were delicious! Our particular favorites were the lamb chops and the octopus a la Gallega, which were both incredible. Each portion is not tiny but you can figure on ordering 6-8 to share among two people. We did not have a "miss" with anything we ordered. 
This was a great dining experience and I would be eager to return for a repeat performance.Reservation is almost impossible to make, but when there experience is unbelievable. Favorite tapas dish was wild mushrooms - very tasty! Service is great though I do understand that they want to turn tables over ASAP. It is not cheap for Philly, but a great deal if you are used to NYC pricing. Definitely worth visiting this gem in the heart of old city.Unbelievable food, unforgettable service. My one and only complaint has to do with some of the details in the restaurant itself, but I have already sent an email to the restaurant directly about that. 
We arrived early and were seated within minutes. The server was attentive without hovering. I noticed everyone else at the restaurant receiving similarly outstanding service. 
As for food, I highly recommend the shrimp and sea bass. Above all else, though, you must get the asparagus here. Perfectly cooked and complimented with incredible ingredients. Any time they have the crema with pumpkin, you have to get that, too. 
I have had Tapas at a variety of places, including Jaleo in DC, but Amada blows the competition out of the water. Another Jose Garces has another winner on his hands. No surprise it's a winner-the food is exceptional.I'm in Philly 2x a year and I eat here 2x a year! Love the cheese and lamb chops. I always overdo it! This place is pricy but so yummy! I only wish that the sweets selection was better.Came here for brunch and everything was delicious. 
Friend and I split four plates - a cheese (lavender & honey), one of the cured meats, skirt steak, and hot tomato & goat cheese. Everything was delightful. 
Highly recommend the sangria (red) to accompany the meal. 
The meal ended up being ~$30 per person, tip included. Very reasonable for the quality and taste.I have done my share of tapas here in the states and in Spain.  Amada is by far the most accurate.  The dishes here were spectacular.  We had about 8 dishes between my wife and I.  I did not want to stop.  We are going back with some friends to try even more dishes.
We started with ensalada de jamon which was done so nicely with the salad wrapped in the jamon,  potato braves, pulpo, piquillos rellenos and many more.  Plus great wines and on the second night we went I chose a Priorat Ardevol 05' that was well structured would higly recommend.
The only thing that I must admit was not very accurate was the paella.  We ordered the valenciana and was not impressed at all and for 38 dollars everyone at the table thought it was way over priced and just mediocre.  But I won't let that bring down the review because everything else was so good I just wouldn't order any paella next time we come.  If anyone finds themsleves in Berkeley CA go to Cesar for paella its spot on made with lobster broth, shellfish and chicken very good.Came here for the great value at lunch. Impressed by the interesting combination of flavors and take on traditional Spanish tapas. I don't think this replicates the food in Spain but certainly offers a tasty interpretation.
Had the white bean soup and serrano ham/fig salad. Both tasty except the salad was too salty and needed to be paired with sangria or another side dish. $12.50 Catalan Lunch express can't be beat.
The revuelto tapas (Shrimp & Wild Mushroom Shirred Eggs) served with truffle spread toast was delicious. Almost like a slurree omlette and the perfect complement for lunch/brunch. I'll be back to try the dinner some time.This one of the best tapas restaurants I've been to! Our favorites: 
1. Crema Catalana (like creme brulee with super delicious dried but resoaked cherries)
2. Berejenas (eggplant and golden raisin amazingness)
3. Cana de Cabra (goat cheese with awesome fig/cherry jam)
These were ok but I've had better:
1. Patatas Bravas
2. Ensalada Verde
Don't get:
1. Chicken Brochettes (so bland)
The waiter was nice (one time we were waiting a long time for the chicken because the cooks made a mistake but then they gave us extra chicken for free and they apologized). The drinks were delicious (GET THE ROSEMARY LEMONADE). Can't wait to go back sometime!Exactly as i'd expected: solid meal all the way arround and more expensive than I ever prefer.
But alas, NO PHILA RESTAURANTS ARE OPEN ON MONDAY!  What gives?
So, monday is Garces/Starr night...
About the food: very good if not a tad too salty. But that probably has more to do with the particular chef's hand movements that evening than anything else.
About the wine: well, paying $10/glass for a $12 bottle of wine is upsetting, but it was very good wine for the meal and i'd never have found the winery if it wasnt on the menu.
WARNING: the cushin seats sink far; seat yourselves accordingly...
so, i wanted to do 4 stars, but this is more of a 3.49... so with the rounding...My husband and I are always a sucker for a place that presents a good cheese plate.  And we were hoping to find it at Amada.  
We went for my birthday and were looking for someplace different.  We had a reservation, which we were on time for, but ended up having to wait at least a half an hour until we were seated.  Now, a busy restaurant is usually a good sign, but I get kind of annoyed when I make a reservation and still end up waiting a while.  To me, that's just kind of rude.  
We waited at the bar and I ordered a drink called "woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown."  As a mother of a fearless toddler, I thought that this was pretty apropos.  
When we were finally seated at our table, I noticed just how "cozy" this place was.  The tables were a little too close for my taste, which made it hard for me to try and hold a conversation.  And I don't really like having to drag my ass across my neighbors table when getting in and out.  
The food was delicious.  I don't think there was a single thing that we ordered that wasn't fantastic.  The server recommended that we each get three things (tapas) and share them,  but two dishes a person is way more than enough.  Especially because you need to save room for dessert.  I ended up getting the manchego mousse, and it was to die for.  
This is a great place to come with a group of people.  I definitely wouldn't go on a first date here.Amada is the kind of restaurant you go to to eat delicious food you would not cook yourself!  
This is a tapas restaurant and the menu is diverse and gives you an opportunity to try a little of everything. 
Out favorite dishes were the Spanish octopus (delicious!), clams with chorizo (amazing!) artichoke and mushroom flatbread, lamb chops (needed a bit of salt), black bass (yummy!), and crab stuffed peppers (awesome!)!
Sorry, I didn't take photos because I was too embarrassed to whip out my phone at dinner. 
We had a wonderful dining experience and to top it off we got to meet Chef Jose Garces!!OH MY GOD! Amazing! I miss going down to philly just because I miss this place! Everything is delicious! Pricey, but delicious! Worth every single dime!Had planned a rehearsal dinner for 64 people at Amada.  When 70+ people arrived the staff  didn't hesitate to set up additional table and chairs and make us all feel welcomed. The staff was phenomenal, attentive and we were repeatedly reminded that if we needed anything they were available. Of course, the food and drink were as awesome as ever. Thank you for a spectacular party.Amada is one of my favorite resaurants in Philadelphia. We keep returning and have neever been let down. We gormandize up in that piece, kid. Service has been pleasantly attentive...most paramount, the food is wonderful. Little bites of happiness.
The ole gal has enjoyed plenty of tapas in her time, but just for example, even the patatas bravas- you'd think maybe, "Well how extra special could patatas bravas be?" The answer I'm saying is: Very. Very extra special.
Me gustan charcuteria y quesos muy muchos..LOVE the octopus sooo, and you, the piquillos rellenos, too... EVERYTHING, seriously. 
More and more I'm knowin to the bone that small plates are my favorite way to eat. A little of this a little of that...and keep em comin...and every single little this and little that is delicious...Delicious like I have to try hard to not make a spectacle of myself by pounding my fist on the table and/or cursing with joy. Some people curse with joy.It was wet and humid so entering Amada was a welcome relief.  We treated ourselves to seats at the bar and sipped some delicious cocktails as we watched the bar staff pour sangria straight from barrel casks that were shelved behind the bar - nice touch.
When we were finally seated for dinner we ordered several dishes.  The short rib flatbread was probably my personal favorite.    While the lamb meatballs weren't special, they were also quite tasty.  Overall, I was pleased with the meal, but I wouldn't go so far as to say that I was really impressed.  The flavors were there and the execution was right on, but the food seemed to lack a little inspiration.  Still, you won't be disappointed by Amada.Had a wonderful brunch at Amada and looking forward to visiting for dinner soon! Very accommodating for gluten allergy!I love José Gárces and all his restaurants - particularly those serving 'Truffle Lavender Honey' (Obsessed really.) A few years ago, my parents took me here for my birthday and we had an INCREDIBLE experience! Amazing food that just kept coming (You're in for a huge treat if you order 'La Mesa de José') and such a lovely waitress. My mom always remembered this experience so fondly that I took her for her birthday and the experience wasn't quite as pleasant, I'm so sad to say. While the food was equally delicious, the service was truly dismal. I made 2:00 reservations. Perhaps we arrived too close to the 'time switch' between the end of lunch and the prep for dinner but our waiter seemed completely uninterested. We were his only customers. He was neither friendly nor attentive and, moreover, rushed our meal. We once again ordered 'La Mesa de José' and the plates were coming out so quickly, it was overwhelming. Very disappointed. Please do try this, as the food is truly wonderful. I just hope you don't get the same waiter.A phenomenal dining experience.  Loved the ambiance, quality of the drinks, food and service.  Craig at the bar is great.  On point and knows his menu and offers great service.  After a stop at the bar, we sat at the chef's table (6 bar seats in front of the kitchen) which I highly recommend.  You can watch all the stuff being prepared.  If you sit to the right you are in front of the desert and cheese preparation - makes your mouth water.  The menu is Spanish which implies Tapas - you won't be disappointed.  The names of the dishes are in Spanish, but I'll tell you the english names of what we loved - the "mother and son" - chicken in black truffles with a fried egg - so good - our favorite.  The mushrooms.  The flatbread with cheese.  The spanish octopus.  The crab stuffed peppers - so rocking good.  You'll definitely need to make a reservation.  I guess one thing that really got me was that the place has been around for 7 years (as of 2012) and it looks so cool and current, you think it's opened in the last few months.  The kitchen appears to work like a well oiled machine - their attention to detail and precision is amazing.  Highly recommend.Seldom do I have absolutely no complaints about anything, but tonight was the exception. Our waiter (I think his name is Dave) was both genuinely kind and consistently on the ball. Our food came almost immediately and was spectacular. I highly recommend the crab stuffed peppers and goat cheese dish. Even though we sat outside (no reservation), we experienced constant good and timely service. Eat here!!Amada is one of my all time favorite restaurants. I lived in Philly for a few years and this was a lovely place to dine, drink and catch up with friends.
So even though I'm a native Angelino, I was rooting for Chef Garces when he was a contender for Iron Chef. Reservations were difficult to come by before and now that he's won the title, I can't imagine how long the wait lists are like.
But it's SO worth it. The man is a genius. 
The food is always superlative, regardless of what you get. The dishes look beautiful and taste equally divine. I like a sampling of traditional and modern tapas. The flat breads, seafood, meat, cheese plates, charchuteria, and grilled dishes are all amazing. So step outside the box and try something you've never experienced. This is the place to explore your adventurous palate because Chef Garces won't let you down. 
During one particular dinner I remember striking up a conversation with a neighboring dinner party, and one of the girls was nervous about eating foie gras. Long story short, a dish with said ingredient was ordered unbeknownst to her. She tried it, loved it and then was shocked to learn the ingredient! If you need a little encouragement, order a pitcher or two of sangria to embolden your nerves. The red sangria is fantastic! Can't wait to eat here again when I'm back in Philly.My wife and I are very disappointed in our experience at Amada. We spent over $200 dollars for a chef tasting menu and drinks and were extremely dissatisified!!! The food was mediocre compared to other Steven Starr resturants.  The only satisfying item on the menu was the flatbread. It was not worth the time, money, or wait. We will never go back or recommend this place to others. The service was decent and that is the only reason why I gave it a rating of a 2. Don't waste your hard earned money here!!!Although a little pricey for my wallet, this is the best substitution for authentic tapas straight from Madrid itself.  Their tapas include such classics as: Albóndigas, Gambas al Ajillo, & Patatas bravas.  Their sangria is excellent as well as their pallea.  Highly recommended for any special occasion but not recommended for any day eating.The food was fantastic from the cheese plate on down to the dessert.  The only thing that dinged them a star was how loud it was and the fact that you are seated at a table the size of a postage stamp.My wife and I enjoyed our meal at Amada.  When we called to book a reservation, we found out that the only thing available was a high-top in the bar.
While not the most comfortable seats, it was decent.
The bar area was very noisy due to a large party awaiting their table to be ready, but once it cleared out it was a nice experience.
Our waitress was OK and her recommendations were spot on, but I would have liked to see her a little more and she could have been a little more friendly!
The drinks were good and the food was excellent!
I highly recommend Amada if you are looking for a great place for a date, or even hanging out with friends for a drink.Te amo Amada for real!!  By far one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!  After a two year hiatus I fell even more in love, if that's even possible.  We ordered the garlic shrimp (definitely a must, I was instantly transported to Madrid with my first bite), spicy potatoes, the green salad with fava beans and asparagus - AWESOME, scallops, the spinach empanadas - AMAZING, lobster from the grill and the chicken with the egg which looked tantalizing but I gave up meat!  The service was a fabulous as usual and I love the sangria!  I definitely won't be waiting two years for my next visit.I've been looking forward to coming here since the Atlantic City location shut down. The aged manchego with truffle lavender honey is a favorite, along with Piquillos Rellenos and the olive oil cake for dessert. The atmosphere is chic but cozy and they have a pretty good wine list. Can't wait to come back!Exceptional meal; unforgettable experience. A little pricey, but you absolutely get what you pay for. Each plate offered a beautiful array of flavors that fit so perfectly together. The crispy pork belly was cooked to perfection and was just mouthwatering; it stole the show for the evening, though the white bean and ham stew, the queso de cabra and the lamb meatballs were also quite fantastic. We will be coming back for special occasions for sure.I don't know if I can put into words how amazing this place is. I've had about a week to think about it, and yet I don't know if there is any language that could accurately describe how I feel about Amada. To start off, I have never heard anything about this place since I live on the complete opposite side of the US. My sister however lives on the east coast, so since I was visiting she brought me here for a slightly late birthday dinner. It has a great atmosphere with dimmed lighting, elegant tables and chairs (I even think I saw some comfy looking couches), and awesome servers. You can get sangria in a pitcher which is great when you have a table of 4 people, and who doesn't want a pitcher of (good) sangria? We got the $65 per person chef's selection which was completely incredible, but a bit too much food. We had a hard time keeping up with all the food and at the end we had to ask "Is it over yet?? Please say it's over!" They were also incredibly understanding and accommodating for personal preferences; we had someone at the table who absolutely loathes seafood and I'm also not a huge seafood lover, so they brought us each course with two dishes- one seafood dish and one non-seafood dish. This was absolutely perfect and also allowed us to try a larger amount of dishes. There were so many dishes though I don't think I could accurately describe each one to you, but my favorites were this absolutely amazing pork, some sort of crazy delicious sausage, and prosciutto covered spinach salad with figs. They even brought this ice cream with a sort of thin mint dessert and a candle for my birthday which was super sweet of them. I had never had tapas before now, and after this experience I'm definitely going to have to try out more tapas places. However, I don't know if any of them will be able to live up to Amada- it's a hard role to fill! I'm definitely going to have to come back here next time I visit the east coast; in the mean time I'll have to make do with simply dreaming about returning.FABULOUS. Restaurant Week preview, and yes I will be back
First Course between me and bf:
- Truffled lavender honey with aged manchego cheese & apple slices, served with thin slices of bread. Delicious, I absolutely loved this. Take a slice of bread, put some cheese on it, top it with the apple and drizzle with the honey = heaven in your mouth. You can taste everything. The lavender, the hint of truffle, the sourness of the apple, and the saltiness of the aged manchego
- Garlic Shrimp - pretty awesome, but nothing special. Can't really go wrong with oil/butter + garlic lol. But the shrimp was fresh, not over cooked which was great
- Roasted red peppers, eggplant served with bread - this one wasn't my favorite, but it might be a personal preference
- Ham and fava bean soup - yummy. Luke warm (not sure if this was on purpose or not), the smokiness of the ham was great. 
2nd Course
- Scallops: Perfectly cooked, loved that it wasn't rubbery. PERFECTLY cooked, seasoning was alright
- Roasted sea bass: one of my favorites for the night. Again, perfectly executed. THe saltiness of the skin was great to match the lighter flavor of the sauce. Again, not dry, flakey and perfectly cooked fresh piece of fish
- Short rib flat bread - pretty good, but not my favorite. Really filling though!
- Asparagus with truffles, cream sauce and poached egg with frico: another favorite! That cream sauce, I could drink like soup. Asparagus, perfectly cooked the way I like. Poached egg, perfect. I love parmasean and that crispiness was needed. UM YUM.
Dessert
- Chocolate heavenly goodnes... get it. The vanilla custard was great too
Will I be back? Oh hell yes. 
HIGHLIGHTS? Get the manchego cheese/lavender honey, get the sea bass, and definitely get the asparagus in truffle cream sauce. Great job Garces. I'll be back :)Amada was great! The food was good but the portions were really small for the price. Spent $150 for 2 ppl without dessert but did had a drink each.To start off, this is the BEST tapas place I've been to. And headed by The Next Iron Chef winner, Jose Garces, it's easy to see why.
The ambiance is perfect for dates or intimate groups, and the food is even better. With reasonable portions and dishes bursting with flavor, it was hard to choose a favorite, let alone least favorite. The food came out in a timely manner, while the service was on par.
If I had to recommend one item, it would be the White Sangria. I'm usually picky with fruit-flavored things but this one really knocked it out of the park. The perfect balance of sweetness really complimented the food well.
Now if only he can bring Amada to NYC.Great happy hour. Small plates are nice to share. Bar is large, comfortable and bartenders are very courteous.We visited Philly in November on a whim, and stayed in a hotel two blocks away. I ate at Distrito this past Summer, and loved every bite, so I figured we would try Amada... 
We went there on a Monday, and we were able to get a table without a reservation - only because we came early. You should play it safe and make a reservation, because the place was packed by 6:30... on a Monday...
Our waiter was polite, attentive, and helped us assemble our order nicely - we brought our 3 year old daughter with us, and everyone was very accommodating. Another restaurant site lists this place as a bad place to bring kids... I disagree wholeheartedly!!! They had a high chair, and all the wait staff were very sweet to her. What they did not provide for her was the one thing we absolutely cringe at when we go to restaurants with her - an awful kid's menu. No, there's no grilled cheese, chicken tenders, or Mac and cheese to clog your child's coronaries with here, and thank God for that! She rather enjoyed the gambas al ajillo, and we enjoyed introducing her to this treat!
We decided to order in the true tapas fashion: gambas al ajillo, pulpo a la gallega, boquerones, lamb meatballs, calamari in ink sauce... And then we went back for a second round of gambas! We finished it off with their sorbet plate (chocolate, mocha, and the not to be missed lemon-rosemary sorbets) and espressos. The plates were properly portioned for tapas, and were not oversized - they were just right for tasting, without overdoing it.
We found this place to be a delicious, fun place, and definitely recommend it to anyone going to Philadelphia. If we hadn't found Chifa, we would have definitely come back for a second visit that week - and we were only in town for 4 days! Gracias Chef!
Will definitely be back.My wife and I reserved a table for two on a weekend for the Philadelphia restaurant week. The reception was able to provide us a table when we arrived 20 minutes ahead, which was nice. The restaurant was packed at the time, which, to me, means the food and services must be excellent, and it didn't disappoint. The waitress was very patient with us since we had no clue about Spanish dishes and especially the names. She even suggested her favorites from the menu which turned out to be very good.
Here are the dishes we ordered that night:
Appetizers:
- gazpacho (yellow tomato, crab, avocado soup, served chilled)
- aged manchego (truffle, green apple, honey)
- gambas al ajillo (garlic shrimps)
- croquetas de jamon (ham croquettes)
Main Course:
- coca de costillas de ternera (beef short ribs, horseradish, parmesan, bacon)
- costillas (pork ribs, shaved fennel, spiced yogurt, paprika glaze)
- scallops (grilled a la plancha)
- merluza (spanish hake with clams and herb sauce)
Dessert:
- crema catalana (traditional spanish custard)
- pastel de chocolate (chocolate cake with caramel sauce)
The best ones we had were the garlic shrimps and scallops. The dishes are of small portion but can fill you up. Overall, the restaurant is excellent. I would go there again.For me, the perfect restaurant. Yes I'm partial to Spanish food but this restaurant is either #1 or #2 in philly. Easy. Amazing location and decor and the food and wine selection are perfect. Used to have flamenco on select nights - double check. You can special order a whole pig in advance - haven't had yet myself but supposed to be amazing.Having done tapas in many places in Barcelona, I can tell you that this place has nothing to envy original tapas bars in Spain.
Our party of four got the Chef's suggestions menu ($65) and we were simply delighted. Amongst my favorites were the lamb chops and the hot foie-gras. Each bite is full of flavor and unless you're a picky eater, it'll be an amazing tasting experience. The sangria had a very fresh and fruity taste to it without tasting like juice. Went on a Friday night so we could catch the Flamenco/Spanish guitar performance which was great. The atmosphere, the crowd, the service and the quality made this place one of my favorite in Philly.
The chef-owner went through El Vez and Alma de Cuba and finally branched off to bring us Amada. He's planning to open more Nueva Latina themed restaurants soon! Cant wait!I have never had a bad meal here and always great service. This is one of the true Gems of Center City. 
I don't think you can go wrong with any of Jose Garces' restaurants. 
Truly one of my favorite places to dine. 
The only reason I don't give it five stars is because it's not the most intimate atmosphere but it will do.The food was excellent. We've been here during our first year of moving to Philadelphia. (5 years ago)
I had to take off one star, not because of the food or service. Both were great. But we had a slight issue with our meal. Nothing big. 
But overall, a great restaurant.I dream about this place....literally have many a dream about the next time I can eat here. You see, I am from Seattle and happened upon Amada on an East coast adventure. Now, I am constantly checking kayak.com for flight deals to Philly and figuring how to convince my husband that it's ok that I am flying all this way for a night at Amada...really, it is. 
We sat in the bar and stuffed ourselves with some ridiculously amazing cheese and meat platters, drank the best Sangria I've ever had and finished the night off with the flourless chocolate cake that made me drool. 
The bartender was the best bartender I have ever had the pleasure of being tended by. The place was packed but our glasses were never empty. 
I will come back here again, damn it.Because I had a hankering for the lemon ricotta pancakes served at Amada's brunch, I invited some friends today for brunch there.  We had a nice table near the big window looking out on Chestnut Street and ordered away from the desayuno menu: the said pancakes, asparagus with poached egg, smoked bacon and truffles, chorizo con papas, and the Amada omelet (wrapped in serrano ham with potato hash).  Of course, we also ordered the tortilla española and the mixed charcuterie plate, and some other dishes to round out the meal (ensalada verde, olives), knowing that the size of the Amada plates would be on the small side.
The food was all quite good, even very good, if very routinized, more four stars than three.  The puny amounts of food however, made everything overpriced, sometimes grotesquely so.  A little pile of fries,with very little chorizo and an egg yolk on top was $11, the pancakes were so thin - and dollar size - that all of them stacked on top of each other barely accrued the heft of one of the great ricotta-lemon pancakes I had at Plow in SF.  Price: $13.  Maximum price for minimum size always struck me as the motto of many Garces places but that maxim really struck home when I left Amada with a $30 pp bill and a group of still hungry friends.The Amada restaurant is situated at 3rd and chestnut, in a good tourist area. It's good for both locals and tourists that come to the area. We went there for a birthday dinner, we did the tasting menu option. The food tasted so good and so rich. Everything is just good I love that place.This was an incredible meal! Make sure you make a reservation-tables are hard to come by. Even though there was a wait, we enjoyed having our meal bar side.I highly recommend the grilled asparagus side.I hadn't eaten here in many years until last night. Man oh man, I forgot how good it is! The red sangria is perfectly spiced, which prevents it from being overly sweetened. The manchego cheese dishes never goes out of style. I thoroughly enjoy the green bean dish as well... The flavors in the dish were light, fresh, and clean. The grilled meats were simple, but very well executed. Also, the service was spot on... Friendly, but effective. All in all, I am very happy that I chose to return here and I don't want to go so long before my next visit.Just had a wonderful meal at Amada in Philadelphia.  We wanted a special place to celebrate my birthday and we found it.  We opted for the Chef's Selection and were not disappointed.  The staff was very attentive, without being intrusive.  Ben took very good care of us.  Hands down, the best dining experience we had in the last three days we've spent in Philadelphia.Based on the reviews here I thought this place was going to be great- I don't think so.  I figured everything would be spot on- not so much.  The atmosphere is nice for sure.  The service we recieved was appalling- however, I am not dinging them for that- this review is solely about the food.  We got a whole bunch of tapas quickly then literally waited 20 mins for the rest.  I have eaten at many a tapas places- I am comparing this to Toro in Boston- it's my benchmark (everything is spot on there).  
Specifics.  The pork dish with fava beans here is truly amazing- 5 stars.  The garlic shrimp- not great at all- they need a better supplier of shrimp.  The patatas are very good- but toro's are much better.  The scallops were way OVERCOOKED!  The tuna- the quality of fish was good but I think the whole dish could have more flavor to it.  The short rib flatbread was very good- intersting mix of flavors and texture.  We had another one that had roasted onions- not good at all.  All four of us (who eat in lots of restaurants as we travel for work) thought this place was good- not great.  I would give it one more try to try some other dishes but so far its getting a 3 star from me.  If you are ever in Boston and like taps- go to Toro- it's amazing.I am slowly doing a little tour of semi-celebrity chef Jose Garces dining establishments.
Tapas places are popular today partly because of Jose Garces's status and television exposure.  His exposure has not been overwhelming yet and unlike many celebrity chefs that turn their attention to national exposure, nationwide chains, and a line of frozen pizza's found at Safeway, Jose Garces appears to be staying to his roots with slow expansion.   
The result is a small set of high quality establishments.  Several follow a similar theme such as Amada and Tinto, while others offer a different experience like Village Whiskey and Guapos Tacos mobile truck.  Amada was his first, opened in 2005 and is still going strong.
Amada is billed as "authentic Spanish Tapas".  I cannot speak to the authenticity (never been to Spain) and I am certainly not Spanish.  What I can tell you is that in my 3 dining different experiences there, I walked away very happy and satisfied with the food - though I had bad service once, as you will read.
1. Dining alone, I was seated in the end seat at the Chef's Counter - a divider between the buzzing dining room and the high energy kitchen.  It was a perfect place when alone - with the the entertaining view into the kitchen & the ability to scan the dining room or watch the crowd in the bar.
I started with a Matador cocktail, sweeter than I prefer, but still tasty.  I ordered the soup, Pulpo, Piquillos Rellenos and a glass of Tempranillo.  The dishes were all well prepared, delivered in a timely fashion and full of flavor. The 1 thing I would change is the Rellenos - quite tasty but the more delicate crab meat was a little lost in the other flavors.  The food was too much for me so I shared a little with the two young ladies to my left.  They too were very pleased with their dishes.  The service was excellent.
2. My second visit was with two others.  We were able to score a table in the bar area.  Plenty of action to see & pretty people to watch.  Service was a little slower because of the crowds in the bar, but we enjoyed the scenery and did not mind the extra time.  A round of cocktails was followed by 6 small plates and a bottle of wine.  Again, every dish was well prepared and very good.  We got a variety of meats & seafood and finished off with a selection of two cheeses.  Sorry, can't remember the specific dishes - it was a few months ago, and I had a few glasses of wine with dinner before walking back to the hotel.
3. For my third visit I took my beautiful daughter - we were in the area for a wedding and were able to swing 2 nights in Philly before flying home to our respective states.  It was the evening fireworks in Philly, so the streets, bars, and restaurants were all quite crowded.  We were seated at a table off the bar area and right by the large windows looking out onto the street.  It was another good location for people watching.
Unfortunately this time my visit was a let-down - thus the 4 stars vs the 5 stars I was going to give them.  
The food was great as usual, but the service was painfully slow.  I am not a pain-in-the-ass who expects prompt service all of the time.  I enjoy a leisurely meal, I understand slower service on busy nights, I am very tolerant - and besides, I was enjoying a final evening with my daughter so I was in no rush.  But service that night was bad to the point where I finally complained (something I rarely do).
One thing about small plate dining is they bring out the dishes as they are prepared.  So you get them spaced out during the meal and some of them come fairly quickly.  This evening, after finally ordering, nothing came for quite some time.  It wasn't everyone though, which is what really bothered me.  The table of 3 guys seated outside after us received all of their plates & the bill before we received our first dish.
The staff rarely smiled when they came by - particularly the female wait staff.  They had a smile for just about everyone else.  I got the strong feeling they thought I was an older guy dating a young hottie.  So I did 2 things: 
first, politely told  the hostess "MY DAUGHTER and I are getting quite hungry and have been here for quite some time.  Could you please have someone check on that status of our order."
Second, when our waiter came to ask if I wanted another glass of wine (still no food), I told him I did not want to order any more wine because I was afraid it would further delay delivery of our food and MY DAUGHTER is quite hungry.  
After that the food began arriving fairly quickly and the staff smiled at us when bringing it (including one of the ladies that was at the hostess stand.
So did we really get bad service because they thought what I think they were thinking?  I don't know, but after I made sure they knew that the young woman with me was my daughter, things picked up.  Either way, I should not have had to say something.
So that knocked them down to 4 stars.Loved this restaurant for a Friday evening treat. The ample selection of tapas was enough to provide a great variety of flavors without being overwhelmed with choices. The patatas bravas was so yummy as was the manchego with lavender honey. The pitcher of sangria was a bit weak. However, the cocktails enjoyed at the bar afterward were great; Broken Hugs did not disappoint. The waitress was hysterical; funny and sarcastic with an ebullient smile. She knew exactly when to check in on the table and when let the food and drink speak for themselves. The atmosphere was vibrant yet comfortable; it's a lively spot that would work equally well for small celebrations, cozy date nights or a solo pop-in for some delicious food.My husband and I went to Amada during Restaurant Week and had a great time. It's the first time we've been to one of Jose Garces' restaurants, so I can't compare, but we'd definitely go back. 
We went for a Friday lunch on the last day of Restaurant Week. The servers were prompt and polite, although not overly friendly (probably ready for RW to be over). 
For the first course we ordered (along with the Tinto Sangria, which was excellent): 
Croquetas de Jamón (ham croquettes) -- first thing out; good and tasty, though nothing out-of-this-world.
Aged Manchego Cheese -- paired with crisp green apple slices and truffled lavender honey. I'm still swooning  a little bit from the honey. it is definitely heavy on the lavender, so be sure you like lavender before ordering. If you do, you won't be disappointed. 
Second course: 
Beef Brochettes -- the star of the meal! If we'd known how good they would be, we probably would've ordered two plates. They were cooked medium rare, and when we weren't silently drooling about and simply enjoying how incredible they were, we were telling each other how incredible they were. These alone are a reason to come back. 
Chorizo a la Plancha -- this was tasty, although very, very salty. I only had one slice (the plate came with three skewers with three slices apiece), and my husband had the rest. He commented that it was quite good, but that he was probably having his sodium intake for the week.
Chicken a la Plancha & Romaine Heart Salad -- topped with shaved parmesan, migas, artichoke and creamy garlic dressing. The chicken was perfect and the salad refreshing. A nice pairing to our otherwise meat-heavy meal. 
Shrimp a la Plancha -- this was the only disappointment. I love seafood, and especially shrimp. The first of the three shrimp that I had was fantastic. My husband, who is usually so-so for seafood, was impressed enough with my reaction that he tried a bite of another one. Then, he promptly washed out the taste with some sangria. The second and third shrimp were anything but good. Very, very fishy.. A bit of a bummer because the seasonings were great (although a bit salty again). 
For dessert, we got one of each: 
Pastel de Chocolate -- flourless chocolate cake, chocolate ice cream, chocolate-hazelnut caramel. I'm still sighing with happiness. This was intense and rich, but not excessively heavy. I would definitely get it again! 
Crema Catalana -- vanilla custard, caramel veil, ginger, and pine nuts. Delicious. My husband was more than happy to let me have a few bites, then leave the rest to him. Perfect pairing of all the flavors. 
I think we'll definitely head back at some point -- probably not during Restaurant Week -- and see if the service is a little more up to par/friendly. We will definitely order the beef brochettes (if available), try some new dishes, order a few of our favorites, and stay away from the shrimp. All in all, a good first Jose Garces experience... definitely enough to convince us to come back!We were seated at closing with great hospitality and fantastic staff. I recommend the Waygu steak and lamb flatbread...both were fantastic, the melt in your mouth steak and spicy lamb paired well with the bourbon ginger cocktail. They also do multiple sangrias including a seasonal that I'll have to head back for!Hubby and I finally got to try Amada for Restaurant Week. We were definitely wowed by the food.
I started off with the Volmer cocktail- lavender-infused gin with celery water. It was an excellent apertif and I was thrilled with it. My favorites of the evening were the aged manchego, anything chorizo and the ham croquettes. The rice pudding was also really good.
Unfortunately, the server completely forgot about one of our dishes (the scallops) and even failed to notice it was missing from the table after coming to check on the food. He rushed off so quickly that we couldn't even inform him of the mistake. We were able to flag him down, and then eventually received our scallops. There was some kind of strange finishing salt that had such a gritty texture that my husband thought it may have been sand. I like to assume a restaurant of this caliber would not have sand in their scallops, so it must have been a finishing salt. It was not tasty and had a horrible texture. I would politely suggest considering something else.
Other than the issue with the forgotten food, everything was wonderful. I will consider returning in a non-Restaurant Week setting in hopes of receiving more attentive service.I went to Amada for restaurant week. It was a highly anticipated meal. I will start with the positives. The food was really good. I have no complaints as to quality and taste. The sangria was delicious.
I was really disappointed with the amount of food. I am 100% aware this was tapas, but it truly was not enough food. You would think for a multi-course meal, you would at least leave the restaurant comfortable. It was just not a satisfying amount of food. I also felt a bit rushed. 
I will probably not be returning to Amada. If you want a light lunch or a snack I highly recommend this restaurant. However, this is just not enough food for dinner.WOW just had a scrumptious meal at Amada with 7 co-workers. This is one of Iron Chef, Jose Garces first restaurants in Philly.  We tried "la mesa de Jose" and it didn't disappoint.  They were accommodating to two that didn't eat meat and they brought out many small plates. While everything was yummy, I especially enjoyed the scallops, tuna, gambas and eggplant with goat cheese, as well as the white sangria.  My friends tried the lamb chops, chorizo and beef and loved each plate. They had a decent drink menu as well/  I would definitely come back.  The ambiance was great and the restaurant was hopping for a Monday night with many larger parties as well as couples. This place gets 4 stars for food, presentation and customer service!!!I used to love this place but something has gone wrong. The service used to be superb. This is no longer the case. The food used to be great with few exceptions now it is 50/50. I don't know if it is because tourists flock to it for the Garces name so they are not as concerned with regular customers but, either way, it is a shame. I hope they can pull it back together because at one point in time it was one of my favorites.My gustatory love affair with Jose Garces is well-known among my friends. Surprisingly, Amada was one of the last JG restaurants I tried. As his flagship restaurant, it is perhaps his best-known - and deservedly so. Every time I have eaten here, everything - from the food to the service - has been phenomenal. If you have the opportunity to eat here during Restaurant Week, you should absolutely do so, because it is one of the best deals in the city. 
As for the food, there is nothing on the menu that I would not recommend. Some particular highlights: 
* The Tortilla  Espanola with Saffron Aioli is delicious, although the last time I went the portion size seemed to have decreased (this may have been for Restaurant Week, and the portion was still plenty and I still left stuffed!
* The shortrib flatbread (Costillas de Ternera) is INCREDIBLE. Seriously, if you were going to order one thing from the menu, it should be this. The meat is rich and delicious and all of the flavors blend together perfectly. 
* Escalivada: This is listed under 'vegetables' but it is a perfect starter course. It is wonderfully rich and flavorful. When I went with my brother for RW, we wished we had both ordered it so we didn't have to share. 
* Esparragos con Trufas: Warm asparagus with poached egg and truffles. What is not to love !? 
* Entrecote a la Catalana: I was not sure how goat cheese would go with steak. The answer? INCREDIBLE. I also love the Catalan spinach, which has a lovely sweet/sour flavor and contrasts nicely with the goat cheese. This is my favorite "entree" plate. 
I have seen a lot of people recommend the patatas bravas, the pulpo (octopus), and the pernil asado. While I enjoyed all of these, if you are stuck deciding between these and other options, they are the ones that I would skip. It is not that they are not delicious, I just have not found them to be the highlights of the menu. 
They recommend that you order 3-4 plates per guest - I've generally stuck to this, and always left very comfortably full (OK, sometimes a little uncomfortably full, but it was worth it). If you are a light eater, it is probably best to order fewer plates and add them if you find that you have room. Make sure you save room for dessert! 
I'm sure I'll be back to update this review, because I cannot wait to find 3 friends to try the whole suckling pig. Now THAT sounds like a culinary adventure!A few of us came for a few cocktails and meals for happy hour/dinner. We did not have reservations but they got us right in at 7pm. We were sat almost immediately and were soon greeted by our waiter and someone to fill our glasses. 
 Their wine specials were incredible ($5/glass) for happy hour, and they had a large array. I essentially liked their wine list because it wasn't too extensive, but I still felt like I had an impressive number of choices. 
When I went to order - I asked if anything could be made vegan - and the waiter said "absolutely nothing" thankfully he was kidding, and HOOKED US UP. For our meal, we decided to share 5 plates (we needed to order 2 more after the 5th dish came out) and all of which were delicious. My favorite dish was definitely the flat bread with mushrooms. I mean, can you go wrong with some carbs?
After everything was said and done our bill came out to $125 so I was almost floored at that price. We left satisfied and tipsy so I couldn't have asked for anything better.I would actually give this place 4.5 stars.  I've been here twice, once for regular dinner and another time for the suckling pig.  I had to put my credit card down for the whole pig and there is a cancellation penalty.  You also need to reserve it 72 hours ahead, I believe.  It was amazing.  I came with 5 other people and it left us all stuffed.  The pig comes with several sides--fingerling potatoes, grilled green onions, rice and beans, etc.  The chef came out like they do in peking duck restaurants and he cut up the pig just the way we wanted it.  We also got to try the brain, cheeks, and other parts that may make some people squeamish.  
The drinks here are just ok (e.g., I've had the sangria which is neither delicious nor strong.)  The service is fine but they're usually so packed and busy that it's hard to get your server's attention since the place is so big.  The bar is more like a waiting area for small parties and it's not a comfortable place to eat or drink.  The flatbread pizzas are good and my favorite appetizer is the aged manchego cheese with apple slices and truffled lavender honey.  The honey goes amazingly with the cheese and apple to taste like something I've never found anywhere else!  I'd love to go back and try the paella.
As for the decor, it's an interesting place.  There is one seating area that has white curtains while there are regular tables and chairs to the side.  There is another dining area near the bar which is more like a high table with benches.  The food is great so make sure to make an opentable reservation a few weeks in advance!Just got back from Amada for restaurant week. I was so impressed! Everything was so flavorful.  It was worth every penny. I can't wait to go back.First time my boyfriend and I came we thought the food was meh. So we gave it another try and still we're not impressed. Honestly this place does not deserve a 4. It is good food but it's sister restaurant tinto is a lot better quality food and service. I gave this a three because the foot quality is ok- every time I go the food is dry. If I could rate the service I would give it a 1. The server I had was rude and messed up our order and drinks not once but twice and didn't even apologize. Poor service really takes away from the experience.Amada is an extremely romantic spot for dates or double dates. Ceviches were the best I've ever had. Cold dishes were better than the warm/hot ones in general. I have yet to have tapas as delicious as those from Amada.
I've been here both for a 1-1 and a large group formal. San grias were a wonderful flourish to our fabulous meals.One of Garces' better Philly restaurants. Ambience, food, service are all good. Flatbreads are awesome. Great deal for restaurant week. If you haven't gone, go during restaurant week because it is pricey at other times (like all tapas places). Great pitchers of Sangria. Tight space on the weekends, but obviously that means its good!Not worth the money. Go up chestnut street to buddakan for good food. We had a reservation and still had to wait 20 minutes. I thought it would be worth the wait but the food was not as good as others had rated it. The only thing I enjoyed was the short rib flatbread. The cheese platter was disgraceful. The entrees were not memorable. The drinks were good though.Great ambiance and a wide selection available on the menu.  
Laurel our waitperson was absolutely phenomenal. 
The garlic shrimp were mediocre, too squishy.  
The green salad with asparagus was great, pherhaps a bit heavy on the dressing.
The chicken Brest with truffles, egg and fingerly potatoes was out of this world delicious!
It's definitely a place to try and I would go again.One of the best restaurants in the city.  Have been about half a dozen times.  Also has one of the best restaurant week meus.  I don't think I have had something here that I did not like.  The charcuterie is a great start to the meal; the mixto of the meats is an amazing.  Definitely would recommend getting the octopus, the calamari a la plancha, and if you like spicy, get the grilled chorizo.  Also, the churros are a great finish.  
Always a great place for a celebration, or just if you have a little extra cash hanging around and are craving an excellent meal.  Get reservations as early as you can because they do fill up quickly.I cannot believe what my husband  and I experienced tonight. We showed up and my reservation had not gone through opentable.com and the manager, Brennan, was quick to the rescue to have me get a drink at the bar as she was able to find a table for my husband and I. The bar server was so nice as I kind of knew what I wanted and he nailed it!  We were seated at our table and the staff brought us an array of amazing dishes. We had an incredible waitress, Karey, that made us feel like family. We were truly lucky to have been in this restaurant on this night as the people and the food were in a heated competition to out do each other. The food was outstanding and the people were like none I've ever experienced. This restaurant and crew have earned my highest recommendation.Dropped in for Happy Hour after a day in the city and I'm so glad I did.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by an attentive bartender.  Our drinks were delivered quickly and soon following was an array of tasty delights from the happy hour food menu.  The truffle lavender honey drizzled on green apple and manchego was amazing.  We enjoyed the chilled octopus, along with the chorizo dish we ordered. Superior customer service and great food!Absolutely loved this restaurant !!! First time I visited Philly, I never got the chance to check it out therefore it was on the top of my list for my second trip. Needless to say, I wasn't disappointed. The reviews are on point. I went with a party of 4 and we ordered about 6-7 tapas plates. Everything was very good, and this is coming from a very picky person! Grilled Shrimp was amazing, better than the garlic shrimp in my opinion. Stuffed peppers with crab was delicious, along with the veggie empanadas. I also ordered Blanca sangria and it was all so yummy.A while ago, we decided to go to Amada practically on a whim. Being responsible adults, we called ahead and asked for a reservation. Apparently it takes at least 3 weeks to get reservations to Amada at a normal hour (between 6:30pm and 9pm)...
So we waited 3 weeks and gradually I managed to built my expectation to a point where they were not even through the roof, but in some distant universe... Watching Chef Garces on the Next Iron Chef, did not help with the anticipation and growing expectations at all...
Finally the day has come and we went to Amada. I was deadly afraid, as I know myself - if I have high expectations it's almost impossible to meet them, 'specially if I was building'em up for 3 weeks.
Once we entered, the place was nice - well decorated and totally inviting. As we were a little early, we set at the bar and had a drink. The drinks were good and the scent of cured meats was almost intoxicating. Few minutes later we got seated and ordered $55 Chef Selection of tapas.
It was a feast. I don't know how anyone can actually finish the entire thing. Almost everything we got was amazing and somehow managed to exceed my expectations.
Tuna salad with was really good, though if you don't like mayo, it might not be for you..
Cheese platter was out of this world, especially (I believe) Cabrales with a dip that sort of reminded of Nutella, but obviously was not.
The sardines were okay, rather the fish was really good, but I was not a big fan of the sauce or whatever they were served in.
Salad with asparagus, favas, avocado was amazing. Personally, I think there should be just a bit more cheese, as once you put the cheese with the greens, it made it taste THAT much better... but it was still great..
Spanish Flatbread with shortribs, horseradish and bacon left me speechless...
Lamb chops were really, really good...
Wild mushrooms were even better...
I can go on and on with each specific dish, but I guess it would be easier to say that with each bite there was an explosion of taste and apparently I have taste buds that I was never aware of, probably in places that should not even have taste buds and each one of these newly found taste buds was totally enjoying the bacchanalia of superior taste...I ate here during Restaurant Week and very much enjoyed it.
RW meals are always a gamble, you know? At some places the service gets a little overwhelmed or they are trying to turn tables over quickly. Sometimes, the menu choices are limited. Sometimes, you get the sense that it's the kitchen that gets overwhelmed and what should have been a great dish ends up coming out subpar.
Amada had none of these problems. The food was great, service was handled gracefully, and the menu was full of choices.
As with every other time I've had tapas, there were almost too many choices, in fact. My brain can't handle it! Fortunately our server was able to walk through everything and lead us to many of the stand-out dishes. I don't remember everything, but I do remember great bread, a nice pitcher of sangria, and a great variety of taste, texture, and happiness that comes from making a meal from a half dozen different menu items. I remember we had a flatbread (yum), a few wonderful vegetarian items (yum x3), and some very nice scallops (again yum). There was a chicken dish that was ok, but didn't knock my socks off. The nice thing is that if you happen to get a dud, there are plenty of other dishes coming to pick up the slack. Desserts were worth saving room for.
The only fault I can find with this place is the set up of the room. We had a 2-person banquette table. Because diners need some room on the table for all those plates, it was a somewhat long table. But because they want to accomodate as many parties as possible, it was also very close to our neighboring tables. The end result is that I was closer to my neighbors on the right and left of me than I was to my wife at  the other end of the table and I could hear their conversations better than ours! I don't hold it against the place (if it wasn't set up like this I probably wouldn't even have been able to get a reservation), but I just thought I'd mention it as a warning. Don't plan on talking to your dining companion about your insider stock tips or the affair you're thinking about having with that guy from the mailroom.
Fortunately the food is interesting enough that it can be the surce of your whole conversation.
All in all: 4 stars.
+ 3 for the wide variety of good food
+ 1 for the helpful service
+ 1 for the general dark sexiness of the place.
- 1 for the lack of privacy / noise level
Also: Don't that affair with the guy in the mailroom. He's no good for you!Wow! It was so good that I was sad to be full! Best dining experience in a long time.I've been to Amada a few times, and each visit I seem to find something new on the menu I love! Not only are its authentic Spanish tapas incredible, but the ambiance and setting of the restaurant is very pleasant and relaxing. I also found the service to be great. Though a little expensive, Amada's overall high-quality experience is completely worth it.Excellent food and excellent service.  $35.00 for priced fix restaurant week.  Who would think you could get so filled on tapas.  Here is a few of the tapas we had:  grilled squid in aioli sauce, sea bass, short rib flatbread, Manchego cheese w lavender honey.  Will not list all, but also came with dessert.  Wonderful dining experience.Went with a date for restaurant week. Had a reservation for 5:30p but arrived at 5:10p. I was seated immediately. The decor didn't really stand out to me at all, though the appearance was neatly laid out. Servers were very attentive and friendly. Food was terrific. I really enjoyed all of the appetizers (4 tapas) and entrees (again, 4 tapas). I did feel a little rushed as they continued to pile food onto our table even before we were finished some of the plates. I guess a place like that needs to get people in and out during restaurant week. I probably would not go back unless there is another deal going on, simply because I left still a little hungry and that menu is of course, not cheap. Food was definitely terrific though.we found this gem of a restaurant on a stroll around old city on a very hot day. after a very disappointing meal at the midtown continental the nite before i felt fat and gross and all i wanted was some light, healthy food and a glass of cold sangria to restart my system.
amada was the answer to my foodie prayers. we shared the ensalada verde, an amazing combination of every green veggie you can think of in a light and crisp dressing. we also had the amarillo gazpacho with avocado ice cream. holy flavor. this was possibly the best gazpacho i've had outside of spain. and the avocado ice cream was a dream, the perfect buttery counterpart to the bright, clean flavors of the tomato soup. another favorite was the machego cheese with lavender truffle honey. we also shared the warm olives. it was a simple, but perfect lunch. 
i would have loved to have had dinner here witha bigger appetite so i could sample more goodies. we watched everything come out of the kitchen and it all looked beautiful. they pay attention to detail here, the food is plated beautifully, and even the simplest dishes feel like a treat.  
the restaurant itself is beautiful. those laquered wood floors killed it for me. gorgeous. the aesthetic is a mix of old world and new, and that felt appropriate, because that's exactly what you feel in spain as well. 
our waitress was incredibly professional, attentive, and kind. it restored my faith in eating after that continental midtown meal.Beware of food poisoning at this restaurant!
My husband and I came for dinner on March 4 and ate at a high-top in the bar. The food was very good but within a few hours we both got identical, horrible food poisoning that kept us up all night, and we were both dehydrated and exhausted the next 24 hours.
Two days later, when I was feeling well enough, I wrote Amada a respectful message telling them what happened and listing what we ate, in case they were trying to track down other instances. That message was ignored for two weeks. I sent the message again (using the Garces Group website, as before), and that's been ignored for more than a week also.
I understand that this can occasionally happen in a kitchen, but the complete lack of response or concern from Amada suggests they aren't especially interested in taking any steps to reduce further occurrences. Enjoy the food but eat at your own risk.This place is so delicious. The last time I was here was probably a year ago, but I still remember how good it was. The octopus was so tasty, it almost tasted like bacon. A bit expensive, but worth the price if you can afford it.Excellent service, friendly and informative.  Plenty of options on the menu.  Great atmosphere.  Ham and white bean soup was perfect size, excellent flavor.  Chicken Brest with egg and potatoes presentation was well done and rich taste.  Side of rice/peas was perfect to round it out.Delicious food! We only had 2-3 plates per person and it was plenty of food. Got a phenomenal wine recommendation from our waiter and enjoyed every dish! The doughnuts for dessert were delicious too. Favorite meat was the beef and the bacon wrapped dates were great (though, to be honest, I never met a bacon wrapped date I didn't love).I was psyched to eat here and got some great recommendations from co-workers. On the whole, it was pretty good and the price was actually very reasonable IMO. I wasn't blown away by the taste or the presentation. 
Here's a quick run-down: the garlic shrimp bland (this is staple tapas, how can you not get it right?). The Wygu beef was insanely salty, like a brazilian steak house. The Serrano ham good, but I'm wishing I tried the Iberco. I was intrigued by the flat breads - but they were just little pizzas (seriously could've come out of the freezer). 
The highlights were the wild mushrooms, chick pea and spinach and the Serrano spinach salad.Brunch date experience:
We ordered the Cheese plate. The best cheese was the aged manchego with the fig and cherry marmalade  10/10
Spicy Potato tapa is 9/10 (more sauce garnish could have nailed the dish).
Queso de cabra was the winner! House made marinara with baked goat cheese basil and almonds. And bread to dip. 10/10
The Spanish Tortilla with saffron aioli had the best presentation but it was very eggy and tasted overwhelming with bland potatoes. It felt very dry. Hope the chef can re work on that recipe and add more sauce. 5/10
Habas a la catalana Fava beans were also good. 7/10
The house dessert on that afternoon which was a chocolate torta was one of the best ones we had, came with ice cream and orange. 10/10!
A very good date place. Our server was very welcoming and treated us with gratitude.Great food - nice wine/cocktail selection and great service.  The scallops tapas plate was so delicious and the express lunch is a great deal - loved the white bean and ham soup as well as the grilled chicken romaine salad. Portions were a nice size too!I have a tremendous respect for Chef Garces, and have thoroughly enjoyed all my other experiences at his establishments.  This visit, however, disappointed dramatically. 
My partner and I made a reservation for the last Friday of Restaurant Week two months in advance for our anniversary--as per above, we have had decadently delicious and memorable experiences at other GRG restaurants--and we anticipated finally trying Amada as a treat to ourselves.
Service: spot-on, friendly, knowledgable. Pacing was also impeccable.
Food: we basically paid $35 each for delicious flatbreads, which were like succulent symphonies of viands. I've had better chorizo--most notably at Bocadillos in San Francisco--; the pepper/olive/whatever spread potentially originated from a jar; the scallops and the sea bass were bland with poorly-paired accoutrements. The truffled lavender honey, served with the aged Manchego, combined sweet with a metallic tartness that did not particularly compliment the cheese. On the positive side, the desserts were delicate yet rich, providing a nice cap to an otherwise shoddy display of culinary craftsmanship. The other bright spot of the meal was the sangria--sublimely spicy and refreshing.
If you desire sangria, cured meats and Spanish cheeses, grab a seat in the bar area and enjoy. For a more memorable Spanish tapas experience, I would recommend Tinto over Amada.This review is about a week overdue but my friend and I came here for Restaurant Week. When you receive the meals, you think "How is this going to fill me up?" and trust me, it does! 
For appetizers, we got the 'Spicy Potatoes', 'Garlic Shrimp', Salad and the bread/aged cheese and applies with the Lavender Honey. All of which were delicious! But the best one was, surprisingly, the salad. It was just super fresh and perfect. 
For entrees, we got the 'Crab Stuffed Pepper', 'Wild Mushroom Rice', Chicken with the Fried Egg and this Sausage Flatbread. They were all very good but my favorite was the Mushroom Rice. Very flavorful! 
Lastly for dessert, we had the Hazelnut Puff Pastry and the Egg Cream Custard dessert. They were good as well but definitely our least favorite course. 
We had to wait an hour for a table but that's our fault for not reserving a table on a Friday night. The service was quick and we got to sit right in front of the kitchen so we could watch everything which was so fun! Nice place for sure!I took my girlfriend for our anniversary to Amada. It did not disappoint even with the shortened restaurant week menu.  This is one of, if not the best restaurant's in Philly.  Highly HIGHLY recommended!!Chocolate cake is soooooo yum!!! Best cake ever!!! Had flatbread before, also worth trying!!