Great neighborhood bar w good food, a Solid beer list with lots of local brews and a full bar.Dined here for a friend's birthday celebration. Staff were very attentive, pleasant and accommodating to our growing party. Excellent draft beer with a solid list of selections. Typical bar food menu though the food was surprisingly very flavorful and done perfectly. There is a lovely outdoor area here. Highly recommended.Don't expect a huge menu if you're going for lunch/dinner, but the food you get is actually pretty good and different from regular "bar food". They have a good selection of drinks and the atmosphere is great. On warmer days there is an outside patio which is really nice. Friendly staff. Good service. I recommend!American sardine bar is a fun place with friendly staff and a great draft and bottled beer list. But that isn't the reason for 5 stars.
It's this. The kitchen appears to be run by an evil 5 year old genius. The sandwiches are all the stuff you'd love to put between two pieces of bread but would never have the nerve to serve yourself, let alone friends. The salt and pepper fries are perfect. The spaghetti sandwich is to die for (top tip, do not attempt to eat as a sandwich, use a knife and fork) and the spicy ham and cheese may be one if the best things you could ever put in your mouth. And the prices are very reasonable, service fun and atmosphere lively.
Great place!I can only say this about this place.....holy delicious food and beer.  Ill keep voming back asling as it stays the same.Fun place with a good sized outdoor area.  Old fashioned's here are a little pricey but very good.  Food was reasonably priced with a very eclectic offering.  I high recommend the veggie French dip if it's available in addition to the giant beer battered onion rings.Eh. Good beer list but needs descriptions of beers. Menu also is cryptic and needs description--on paper not just on board!So warmed up about this place. Menu is super cheap and portions are really large. Everything looks so tasty and the decor is well done. Kudos point breeze. Well done!One of my first ventures into South Philly night life landed me at Sardine's - a casual, spacious bar with a small menu of decadent eats and a nice beer selection. The walls are lined with the eclectic art of a local artist, and christmas lights dangle from the ceilings. 
Sardine's is a two story joint, offering two different vibes - the downstairs had the feeling of a local pub, while upstairs felt like hipster heaven. There's also a nice outdoor area that seems like a great place to enjoy a summer happy hour. 
Compliments to the chef, Doreen, for her amazing food! The menu varies daily, but there's no doubt you'll easily devour whatever you select. Our table sampled some spicy harissa carrots, a hummus and pita spread, and pretzels with vegan beer cheese. We also ordered a wild mushroom grilled cheese, that I kid you not, was as big as my head. It was melty, gooey, and everything a grilled cheese sandwich should be.
Big fan! Will definitely be back when the weather gets nicer.ASB was worth every cent of my $11 Uber ride from Fairmount.
Motivated by their California-centric brew event, our group of ~10 [Yelpers and friends] arrived and settled into a big booth next to the bar. For the next few hours, we managed to order most of the beers on their special list (Hey pretty Almanac! Love you, Ballast Point and Alesmith!) while also getting a taste of their regular food menu.
I went with the pulled pork sandwich. Definitely not my usual meal choice, but theirs was pretty interesting in its own way. As Steph S. put it, the sandwich somehow paralleled a cheesesteak in taste. I liked it!
After eating, some of us went outside for a bit. It was a cool night, their fire pits were ablaze and the bar was decorated colorfully with classic lights. So nice.
Point Breeze isn't a neighborhood I visit all too often, but I'd be happy to return and explore more of ASB's menu and draft choices in the future!Went to American Sardine Bar last night with a group of friends and it (mostly) lived up to the hype. 
- Beer list: extensive
- Onion rings: overrated.  Tasty, but nothing special. 
- Falafel: falafel itself was a bit dry, messy/saucy but delicious
- Salt & Pepper fries: the perfect french fry
- Walt Witt Braised Pork Sandwich: sooo freakin good - tender juicy pork + creamy boursin cheese
- Location: a little sketchy but it's easy to find parking
Unfortunately they were out of brussels sprouts, so I didn't get to try those. I ate a ton of food & had a beer for a grand total of $25 including tax & tip.  Friendly service, awesome beer list, delicious reasonably priced bar snacks - if this place were in my neighborhood I'd be there all the time.  It's worth the trek out from other parts of the city to check it out!After only two drink-only visits to American Sardine bar, I've determined that I like them. A lot. 
The first visit was after the "South Philly Run the Lights" event. After a 3 mile run, American Sardine bar was the location for the after party. Given they don't close off the streets every day, but it was nice of them to allow for a little block party and even nicer of them to sell all of their PBC beers at $3 a pop. They were festively decorated for the season as well. 
The second visit was for their "California Dreamin'" beer event. They had a killer selection of brews from Cali that are a little hard to find normally in these parts. If only they had the Alesmith Hawaian Speedway, Almanac Mandarina Sour, and Bruery Mischief (just to name a few) on tap every day! I didn't eat, but the food ordered by others looked good. My group had a table inside and our servers stayed on top of our orders throughout the evening. I went outside to hang out with a different group of friends and our server had no problem keeping track of my order and bill it to the appropriate table. For this event they had the fire pits going again and the outside patio was still festively decorated. 
It's a little out of the way to become a regular stomping ground for me, however I wouldn't hesitate to return for any future special events.First off, it is awesome that this place is in this neighborhood. It's the closest bar to my house now, it's cozy in there, and I am stoked about that. Welcome! I hope more bars like you show up soon!
Beer list is crafty and solid and changes frequently. Cool. Onion rings and fries (with pickle sauce!) are perfect to share. The tomato macaroni (helpfully described by our waitress as "macaroni...with tomato on it") is more like mac n cheese than pasta and marinara; it's good comfort food. Pickles are garlicky and kinda spicy and really tasty.
I have had awesome luck with cruciferous vegetables here: a firey kale soup (there are always two soups and one of them is vegetarian, much appreciated) is exactly what I want to eat when it's 35 degrees and grey outside, and brussels sprouts are rich with butter and spicy chilis. Not so great luck with sandwiches - the grilled cheese is a gooey mess with stringy onions, and the fried PBJ needs more PBJ guts to stand up to the breaded bread on the outside. I have heard good things about the (vegan) falafel so that's next on my list!
It gets loud in here, and some part of our order has been forgotten every time I've visited. I don't mind the chalkboards in lieu of menus, but I feel for the servers, who must repeat the chicken sandwich ingredients 138 times per shift. I think this place could be great with a little more attention to detail (I was gonna say "spit and polish" but...ew). As it stands, though, I have a feeling I'll be back for beer and soup pretty much all the time.Prior to boo and I's visit the only thing I had heard about ASB was that it was a shining beacon of hope in a sea of despair. For this reason I always figured I'll prob never go there, no need to really. Welllll as life would have it we just bought a house at 16th and Carpenter which is a beautiful neighborhood.... without any bars *nearby so when we wanted to celebrate a successful home inspection our choices we South Street or ASB.
I looked at boo and said "it's now or never baby let's do it". We walked up to 17th banged a left and shortly after crossing of the Washington Avenue super highway we were there. American Sardine Bar may be a beacon of hope however that has more to do with whats inside than whats outside. The neighborhood looked fine, kids running around, dudes skateboarding, certainly not a sea of despair. So we go in and sit at the bar. It's about 2:30 and its quite an eclectic crowd. Against the bartender's suggestion I ordered a Mardis Gras ale and boo had a boozy cider. I got two sardine sandwiches, and a whole pickle, boo got the onion rings. The bartender was right, the beer sucked however the boozy cider was awesome and almost knocked ol' lightweight off her bar stool. The food was delish and if we weren't going out to dinner that night we prob would have ordered more. 
We stayed for about an hour and a half. After my mistep on my first brew I left my next 3 choices in hands of the tender and brother was dead on. I can really only remember the last one which was an English brown ale from Brooklyn Brewing. It was perfect, exactly what I wanted. With IPAs so prevalent these days its really nice to have something with a little less hops. 
Great beer and food prices and I have a feeling we'll be spending some serious bar time there.
*We currently live in Center City so our definition of nearby is a bit skewed.Checked out the American Sardine bar in my new hood last night.  Pretty fantastic.  The service was awesome, not too crowded, and the food was delicious and cheap!  I liked the decor of the outside w/ a giant, rusty sardine can hanging in the front.
I heard great things about the onion rings, but they were just okay.  The rings were huge and nicely battered but they tasted like...celery.  I know, it was very weird.  I felt like I was eating fried celery.  The Walt Wit braised pork sandwich w/ boursin was quite tasty.  The falafal sandwich, however, was  a bit dry and was hard to eat.  The spicy sauce made the dry, hard falafal pieces slide out of the pita.  The fries were FANTASTIC.  Skinny and super crunchy!
I will definitely be back for more drinks and food.This is the first place I went when I arrived in Philadelphia and I was not disappointed! The bar has a great feel and there are a ton of beers on tap, and a huge variety of canned beers. The bartender was friendly and made great recommendations. I got grilled sardines and brussels sprouts. People say they don't like brussels sprouts, but when you have them roasted with toasted garlic, honey and spicy oil, they are amazing. The sardine was cooked perfectly and everything was delicious.Great local addition to the neighborhood. Fantastic beer list and good bar food.Absolutely love this place. Rotating food menu, and a draft list that never disappoints.
I always get a sardine sandwich to start (slider sized - just 2 bucks!) while I decide on the rest. Love their creative twists on classic items. Also, their onion rings... WHOA. Had the best service I've had in Philly in a WHILE from Heather last night. We could tell she was busy but she kept our drinks filled and was cheerful the whole time!The ONLY good thing about this gastropub is the food. The service on the otherhand, left much to be desired. I came here on a Firday night with my boyfriend and our friend for a few drinks and grub. From the second we sat at the bar, the bartender was extremely rude to my boyfriend. He has been to this bar before and has always asked for extra mustard for his sardine sliders and the first thing out of this Pseudo-Hipster's mouth was "No. I can't do that for you. You're not getting extra mustard." Throughout the night she grew increasingly more rude, tossing napkins at our friend and tossing a pen at me. All the while serving her friends that came in with a smile and great service. She ignored us for half of the time we were there. If you go to this bar, avoid the slack faced bar wench with the bad attitude. How will you know it's her? From the terribly cut black bangs, the brown crocs and the generally nasty disposition. You've been warned!very slow service.. Didnt put in my takeout order till i arrived there... had to wait a long time for my food.. i wasn't very happy about it.My favorite place to be whenever I'm in South Philly. The menu seasonally rotates and they have an excellent beer selection. Staff is friendly enough and the space is great. Generally a great place to hang with palsThis is my second time here. Great food, great service. Cheeseburger fries, need I say more?Struggling with how to rate ASB.  Even though I am far from a hipster the bartenders and staff have always been cool and accommodating. The restaurant is nice open and clean. Beer list is great and a really good selection of cans. Personally I think the food is a little overrated -tends to be heavy and tries to be overly complex. I will say that my friends and my wife like the food more than I do. Cool place to enjoy a craft beer and the outdoor seating is great. Still a pretty sketchy neighborhood so not sure if I would go there late night.good beer selection and cute warm environment. the outside area is appealing and i am looking forward to warm weather because of it !Recently had my first experience at the Sardine Bar. Super cute decor, we sat outside on the patio. The staff was very friendly, checked in on the table multiple times, and we're knowledgable about the beer. I had the vegan soup and it was delicious. I also ate a bowl of French fries with an excess of ketchup. My friends and I enjoyed ourselves and would go back again. Prices are very reasonable.LOVE THIS PLACE! 
First time there tonight, and it was just a short bike ride from Grays Ferry. We walked in around 7pm and were greeted with a nice atmosphere; a big bar and a few small tables in the back. They told us there was more seating on the second floor, and to our delight, the upstairs was quite roomy. Green walls with striking black and white prints lining the walls, exposed beams with a dark beige/mustard ceiling with string lights. We chose the first round table with the two large green armchairs; there were other similar tables as well as a few long wood tables for bigger parties. The armchairs were comfortable, but less than ideal for eating a big sandwich. Not a problem, just an FYI. The beer menu was extensive, the mixed drinks were incredible, strong, and cheap, and the food was AMAZING. Two of us tried the stout marinated short rib sandwich, one Pittsburgh-style and one without; both amazing, but watch out for that horseradish. Another tried the fried PB&J (pan fried, breaded with crushed frosted flakes, and then baked) and said it was great. I tried the marinated shrimp torta, which was incredible and huge. I would love to come here again, and I'm glad they're in my neighborhood. 
Definitely get here by 8 on a Saturday night and you'll be able to seat a fairly big party upstairs. Great food and drinks, amazing atmosphere, and the staff was very helpful and perfectly on point with service. My husband and I had entrees, two drinks each, and shared an app and we spend less than $50. LOVE IT!American Sardine bar is the quintessential corner bar where the owner has taken things to the next level.  Great craft beer selection (many of them in cans), four different preparations of sardines, and at least 1x a year they have a special of Michigan Coneys. Chili is made with beef heart, the dog is a dearborne sausage imported from Michigan, the roll is toasted, and the dog is topped with onions, mustard and a sprinkle of Tabasco.  One of the best dogs around.Great beer selection and great happy hour.  The food is above average.  However, I highly recommend the seitan cheesesteak.  I hate seitan, but this cheesesteak is pretty awesome!This is a great bar. They have a good selection of beer that changes (weeky?). I've also never disliked any of the food I've ordered. The onion rings are a personal favorite.Watch out for the sticker shock on the sardines!  I asked to split an order 1/2 grilled and 1/2 fried.  The bartender said sure no problem.  Wow was I wrong for assuming there were 4 or five sardines in an order!  We were billed $20.00 for four sardines.  (an order consists of 1 sardine for 5.00) Yup, thats right!  Why did he not tell me that there was only one sardine in an order?  Who would have ever thought since you can buy these things by the pound for under $10.00.  Heck they were not even de-boned!  Why was I not told that if you were splitting an order that you would have to cut the little fish into 4 tiny pieces?  To sum it up I placed one order of sardines and received 4 orders, that is how you split an order between 2 people!Gotta keep the 5 stars rolling on this one. 
Went last night and had the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak ($12). It was pretty massive... stuffed to the gills. The steak itself was decent meat cooked very well... slightly strong on black pepper and smothered in white american. Finely diced (VERY finely... kudos)  thoroughly cooked onions on a pretty soft/doughy roll (usually not my thing, but it works for this behemoth). next comes a layer of thin (not quite shoestring) fries that are laid to rest under a blanket of cole slaw. It's a pretty outstanding sandwich.
Was digging this place so much that I went back today for lunch. I ordered a sardine sandwich ($2) and the pork sandwich ($8). The sardine sandwich was prepared similar to a tuna salad. The ingredients were fresh and the sardine adds a nice but very subtle oily fish funk.
The superstar by far was the pork sandwich. Freaking phenomenal... period. Slow-cooked pork (shoulder?) pulled/shredded and crispy at the corners/ends. It's seasoned well (again slightly strong on black pepper). The meat alone is pretty divine... but then there's the white spread... some kind of mayo meets horseradish meets boursin creation. This combined with the perfectly prepared pork is simply divine. ...And then there's the bread. it's served on a ciabatta... a cibatta that is grilled to the point that it's almost a pretzel... but not quite. It's hard & crunchy on the edges but still soft and firm underneath. It's perfect. Cook it any harder and it's a hockey puck... any less and it's just like anywhere else. They brushed it amply with oil before putting it on the heat and the crispy inside face of the roll holds retains good bit of the oil. Makes for the perfect texture to liven up the tender pork & spread mixture it surrounds.
Almost forgot about the beer... great prices... like really great prices. Kenzinger is $3. All kinds of craft brews for $4.50/$5.
Bottom line... go here. (and there is always parking down around that way)This place is a solid staple for me being that I live in Point Breeze. Their back yard space is great on a summer day. They have a great selection of craft beers and interesting food.One of the few bright spots in Point Breeze.  They have a good among by of outdoor seating (roughly 10 tables).  We wanted to bring out dog for dinner, but the wait time was too long.  We decided to drop her off at home and eat inside.
Two dining sections - downstairs and upstairs.  We sat upstairs and it was significantly cooler than downstairs on a hot summers night.  
The service was slow - there was one guy was got way overwhelmed with the amount of people that showed up.  Took awhile to get our drink and food orders.  
The food was great - got the fried chicken sandwich on a sesame seed bun. I personally think this is a better fried chicken sandwich than the philly mag winner federal donuts.  Juicy chicken and properly breaded chicken  definitely the best I've had.  Salt and pepper are on point as well - had two ordered of these!
5 stars for food and minus 1 for serviceThe reviews speak for themselves.  Friendly knowledgeable wait staff?  Check.  Eclectic seasonal menu?  Check.  Beer garden?  CHECK!  Hipsters?  Duh.  Very popular with the 20-30 something crowd.  I had my first sardine sandwich there and I don't regret it.  I am not the biggest fan of their food honestly but it still gets 5 stars for just pulling off the first nice neighborhood joint in the area.What is up with this place!? Holy crap it's awesome. Honestly, I didn't think anyone would drool over grilled cheese and onion rings but American Sardine Bar made me do just that. We each ordered a main dish and a side and shared bites here and there of each others food. We passed around big bowls of spicy brussel sprouts, onion rings and french fries with pickle dipping sauces. Not a complaint from any of us... we were too busy stuffing our faces. The beers on tap looked good and reasonably priced, and the jukebox played some chill tunes. It's small and dimly lit but the atmosphere is cool and laid back. The bar goes on forever so it can accommodate quite a few folks. And let's not forget about the service! friendly as can be and helpful. When I asked if they had ciders and they didn't, the waitress suggested something else for me that was just lovely. I love this place and now I know why my friends brought me there after having just been there 3 days earlier. It would totally be my neighborhood hangout if I lived there too :)This is my second review because it deserved. The rude man I spoke of in my previous review is no longer there. So I decided to give it another try went during happy hour and loved their 1/2 off beer can selection. Although the menu has changed which I was a little sad to see cause I loved the sandwich I had here before, food was still great! I got a side salad with spicy ranch dressing which was soooo good, they have my favorite pickles I've ever had! And onion rings are huge and delicious! Thank u Scott for informing me that the rude man is no longer, and encouraging me to come back.Okay, can I just say that this is an awesome addition to Point Breeze? The fact that this is just around the block is amazing; it is definitley a great addition to the neighborhood. So pumped.
Aside from location, the food is awesome (fries with pickle dip are sooooo good) and they have a pretty swell beer list. Looks like East Passyunk may be seeing a lot less of me in the future....Onion rings made for the gods! Love this place. Thankfully it's not close to my house or id be clinically obese!!! What they do they do extremely well... Big fan.This place didn't disappoint! I was here for the first time last night. I showed up with 8 of my friends because I heard they have a great beer selection, chill ambiance and is perfect for larger groups. They have a diverse beer selection, knowledgable/friendly bartenders, and the upstairs is intimate--perfect for large groups. Can't wait to go back!I ate here at the end of February for the first time. It was around 5pm on a weeknight and it wasn't too busy when my dinner partner and I showed up. As we wrapped up our meal there were a considerable amount of people there. We got:
1. Onion rings: the best I've ever had... seriously. the special sauce complements the batter and onions very well (slightly creamy and mustardy). you can take a bite of the ring and the the onion doesn't pull out of the batter --- THANK YOU LORD.
2. Falafel sandwich: big portion for the price. it wasn't bad but it didn't wow me. the falafel tasted like the kind you make out of the boxed mix from the grocery store.
3. Brussel sprouts: i am a huge fun of brussel sprouts in general and these didn't disappoint. watch out for taking a bite with too many peppers because your mouth will be on fire like mine was. sprouts were very flavorful, well seasoned, not too soft or tough.. pretty damn delicious!
4.side salad: for a side salad this was a good sized salad, especially when 10$ gets you a few pieces of lettuce elsewherWent here for the first time Saturday afternoon and liked it so much we went again for Sunday brunch. Delicious original food and 16 craft beers on tap, all at a perfect price point. Not to mention great relaxed service and good music. We'll definitely make the trip to South Philly more often for this place.
Recommended:
- Open-faced roasted chicken sandwich (buttered toast, mashed potatoes, sliced mushrooms, amazing gravy)
- Onion rings
- Breakfast cheesesteak (marinated beef, fried onions, french fries, spicy hollandaise, 2 fried eggs)
- Bloody mary
- Any beer on tap; there are 16 and I don't think any were over $6 or maybe $7I love the beer selection here. There is always a good variety of styles. The prices are typical of say a center city bar, but it's located kinda far from the action to be priced in such a way. The food is consistently good and of high quality, and worth the price paid. I love the French fries with the pickle sauce!Went here for the first time for brunch and had the artichoke cake with coffee. The coffee was terrible like something you'd get at Denny's. The food was ok but small and overpriced and didn't come with a side or anything. I had to go home and have a sandwich after. Instead of just refilling water and coffee, you had to ask, and only the person who asked got theirs refilled instead of everyone. The menu was just on chalkboards with no explanation. I would definitely not recommend it.Stopped here with some friends and managed to get an outdoor seat. The food was delicious, the service was good and the atmosphere was perfect. Couldn't have asked for a better night!All of the food I have had here is great. The only reason this is not a five is that I would like for them to have a more consistent menu. You never know what you are going to get with their daily menu so if you really like a menu item you don't know if they will have it again.My boyfriend and I were hungry and decided we wanted to try something new! We sat outside for lunch and ordered two sandwiches. Assuming that an $12 and $13 sandwich would include at least a few pieces of lettuce to call a "side salad", to our dismay we were left side-less. In total, I paid $27 for two sandwiches that were lonely and sad. Not to mention didn't really live up to our tastebuds' expectations. 
So, just a little tip Sardine Bar...if you're gonna make me pay more than $7 for a sandwich, please give me a side that doesn't cost an extra $5. :)We stopped in for brunch after the Broad Street Run and surprisingly the place was either understaffed or have no sense of service. Come on, after the Broad Street Run?? Where thousands of runners are freakin' hangry after the race?
Nonetheless, we sat outdoors on the patio- def a hipster vibe with various seating and huge chalkboards for their menus/ I could dig the vibe but not the lack of service. Felt like we waited around forever to get our orders in and out. 
Their only saving grace is that their brunch items were pretty tasty- we ordered the fried sardines & fries to start and then huevos rancheros, breakfast tacos, smothered biscuit jawn and french toast. 
We were one of they lucky ones who ran fast to brunch and got dibs on the food. By the time we left, half of the menu was erased on the board.Bar tender is completely oblivious. We actually started a timer after we finished our beer and it took almost 10 minutes for him to realize there were multiple empty glasses on the bar. Water glasses are never filled. Eclectic menu and wait staff has no idea what they are. Food is OK but with this kind of service you might as well serve yourself. There are way better places in point breeze and South Philly.Fun urban hipster menu. I liked everything but the sardines. And I really like little fish. I'm more of a weekend lunch guy. It's really good but it could be great.This is a great local spot! I wish the happy hour started at 5 but other than that I have no complaints! The food is always top notch, the brussels sprouts, bologna sandwiches, onion rings and the french fries are some of my staples. They are vegetarian and vegan friendly which is a huge plus! Great atmosphere and during the summer and spring the outside seating is a must!I live in the neighborhood and come here regularly for drinks and dinner.  While the portion sizes have gotten smaller over the past two years, and the sandwich prices have gone up, I still love coming here and find the staff very welcoming and knowledgeable.Something about this place made me incredibly sad.  I work in Point Breeze and stopped in after work since I'd seen an ad in the paper and figured it was one of the closest places to grab a beer (usually I just hop right back on the sub, so I still don't know South Philly really well).  It's like...this weird, clean yupster utopia in the middle of a totally shot out crap neighborhood.  It just reeks of gentrification and redevelopment and it sucks that it's happening to yet another Philly 'hood.  I guess I fit in, but I feel like they would have had one hand on the panic button if my fiance had walked in with a hat pulled low. 
The bartenders seemed kind of standoffish.  The beer selection was ok, but Philly is a pretty good beer city so it didn't stand out as unique or special.  I just had an order of the salt and pepper fries, which were not hot and oddly, needed salt even though I'm not big on salt and rarely add it to anything I order in a restaurant (though the serving was super generous - they gave me a huge bowl full).  The Yelp-loved pickle mayo was good, but not as good as the raves I saw here.  I can make better at home.  I almost ordered a sardine sandwich.  I wasn't super hungry and I'm sorry I missed out - I love me a good sardine sandwich - though I was surprised they only had one sardine related item on the menu.  My last complaint?  They have both the menu and the beer list on chalkboards.  Which is totally fine, but instead of being easily readable from every seat in the bar, from my spot on the end I had to get up and stand in front of both menus to read them.  I dunno, maybe I need new glasses, but it wouldn't kill them to print a menu as well.
I like a good microbrew as much as the next person, but honestly I'd rather get a Bud Ice in a plastic bag from the corner deli and drink it on my way home next time I'm desperate for a drink after work.  I somehow don't mind the yupster vibe quite as much in Center City, but it bugs me here.I came here not too long ago and loved the atmosphere and food.  I ordered a seafood PO boy sandwich that was on special that night.  It was a very generous portion with a great flavor profile.  The menu items were interesting and more elevated then your typical bar food.  The service was friendly and attentive.  It was also a dark cozy atmosphere.  Would definitely come back.Solid beer selection, beer is reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere indoor and outdoor space, good food but slightly overpriced. Happy Hour specials are sort of weak but good place to throw back a few.This spot just came out of nowhere! I really like their outdoor seating. Laid back atmosphere and good service. Their food is on point! Fries omgggggg one of the best spots in the city. I had their fried ribs too... Salty and amazing. 
Beers and alcohol in general are all reasonably priced! $5-7 a piece. They use an iPad when u place ur order and it goes straight back to the bar/kitchen. So up with the times and cool. I think my friend and i sat outside for close to 3 hrs the day we went! 
Its on the border of good/bad neighborhood, but i really hope that they continue to get returning customers b/c they're a fabulous addition to the area.I had been hearing such wonderful things about this place and am always so intrigued by the sardine can signage I was dying to go. I finally went with some friends this past Friday night and was totally worth the sketchy freezing cold trek from the subway at Federal-Ellsworth. The service was great and the beer selection was perfect for the cold winter weather. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is the Walt Wit Pork Sandwich was a little skimpy on the pork. The meat to bread ratio was a little weak but the flavor was perfect. The condiments really complimented the meat well. I wish the sandwich came with fries or chips but we ordered them anyway. The salt and pepper fries with fresh dill pickle dip hit the spot. We also ordered the brussel sprouts, potato tacos and Mom's Macaroni. Everything was so tasty and comforting. The macaroni was delicate, not too thick and cheesy. Definitely will be coming back for more!I can see how this place is probably a real gem for people who live in the neighborhood. The bar is cute, has an extensive well-crafted beer list and reasonable prices.  The bartender was very nice, fast and attentive. I only had drinks here, but the food looked pretty tasty, and the menu looks pretty damn awesome. I will be back for some food. I think seating itself might be a little limited, but I didn't explore the back.
I love the giant front door, but it does cause quite a draft during winter months and it's so close to a large chunk of the bar that it gets pretty cold whenever opened, which I can assume would be quite a bit on weekends.The food is superb, with ample portions, meaning you'll probably be taking some home for lunch the next day. The beer list is great, although I really wish they'd bring in some brews from the west coast. The service is great, which helps to augment the ambiance of this aging edifice. All of this coupled with great prices makes for a restaurant you will return to again and again...I do.The Food is pretty good here, but the atmosphere is what really impressed me. The atmosphere comes off as a hipsterish, nice dive bar which has some pretty good food and beer to boot.
Food: Pretty good and would probably go again.
1st Dish: Cowboy Chili- Skip this one, while it was good, it was expensive and did not seem worth it compared to the other foods I ate.
2nd Dish: Onion Rings- These were some of the better onion rings I've ever had and also had a great dipping sauce as well.
3rd Dish: Fried Sardine with Sliced Apples- Good tasty sardine that had a lot of crunch and saltiness (which is what I look for in a sardine) Apples were a good contrast.
4th Dish: Fried Ribs with Pinto Beans- By far the standout dish, the fried rib was crispy, hot, and tasty... Perfect beer food as the beer cut the intense flavor. I HIGHLY recommend this dish and it was only $4.
Beer: Solid beer selection, but played it pretty safe.
1st Beer: American Sardine Bar Ale- Pretty standard beer, nothing too fancy, easy drinking.
2nd Beer: Cisco Grey Lady- This beer was awesome, had hints of citrus and was like drinking earl grey tea. The aroma was also great as well.
Overall, this place was pretty solid, not too expensive and has some pretty tasty beer food. I would probably recommend someone go here if they were in the area. I probably would not recommend you go out your way to go here.Their pork and beans soup was perfect for warming me up on a chilly fall night. If you like pumpkin beers try the Kenzo'lantern on draft. It's my fave pumpkin beer so far!Awesome awesome bar. Great bear selection, lots of beers that you don't really see in other bars. Tried the fried sardines and they were delicious ($4 each, good size). Service was probably the best service I have ever had here in philly. They gave us great beer recommendations, were happy to talk about the different beers they had and when my friend accidentally spilled his beer they got him another one right way and were super quick to clean our table. One of the best bars I've been to in philly. Just note the place is pretty chilled. Go there to hang with friends or on a date, but don't expect a partying crowd.Downgrading to one star.  If I could give zero I would.  Was in on a recent night and the bartender was visibly intoxicated.  Okay I understand neighborhood bars and work in one myself.  Drinks with regulars frequently happen.  But I can't begin to understand why this person was still allowed to be working.  The rest of the staff seemed annoyed.  I ordered a call shot and the bartender poured from the well and denied it to my face. In addition I was told if I didn't like it I could write a yelp review.  So here it is.  Hate calling people out since we all have our days but how about not taking out your issues with customers and not trying to make money overcharging people for well whiskey.Heckuva happy hour. All cans are half off which means $2-$3 per beer! I won't complain there.
I think the major flaw the bar has its location. I think it's great for the area but it detracts people from going west of Broad with so many great options east of the main corridor. American Sardine has plenty of space and it looks to have a really solid, inexpensive menu.
I ordered the basic, salt and pepper fries with dill sauce. It was delicious. I think this place deserves a lot more attention but its location makes it difficult for people who rather focus their evening on the more bustling eastern portion of South Philly (Italian Market, Bella Vista, East Passyunk, Pennsport, Queens Village,etc.).
I look forward to coming back and trying a sardine sandwich and the Walt Wit Braised Pork!First time here and I was blown away! The beer (can and draft) selection was great! A lot of smaller micro breweries with a great variety of styles, which is so hard to find. The food was excellent! We had the green goddess chicken salad sandwich, the spicy shrimp torta and the salt and pepper fries. The bartenders were the absolute best! Very knowledgeable about all the beer and gave us great recommendations! Added bonus, we were surprised by how inexpensive it all was. We will definitely be back!Nice local spot. Good beers on tap and decent food selection. Sardine sandwich was pretty good, but again the beers are what shine here. Bartenders are friendly and attentive (something hard to find in Philly!!!!) and I can see this being my new local spot. Very happy to be in the neighborhood and have the Sardine Bar near-by!This place always keeps me coming back. I always order food whenever I come here because the changing menu never disappoints. Good beer selection. We rented out the second floor for a private party and were so happy with everything. The upstairs is a great space with string lighting, multiple tables, feels cozy, and can host quite a few people. Service is great.This is a great neighborhood bar...I just wish I actually lived in its neighborhood so I could go more often! They have a fantastic beer list and the food is a little more interesting than typical bar food, but without any pretension. If you're a fan of anything pickled you'll be a happy camper here, and you shouldn't leave without trying at least one preparation of their namesake dish. I've had the fried and grilled sardines and try a new kind every time I go back. The enormous onion rings are also not to be missed. 
The service here is always spot-on, and our waitress on a recent Saturday night was incredibly accommodating to,
and patient with our large group. As far as ambiance goes, daytime drinking here has a beer-gardeny/divey feel, whereas at night they dim the lights for more of a date night vibe. Not to be missed!I just want to give this place a hug somehow. It's so different and charming. It was perfect to be here on a nice summer night in their awesome outside area with lawn chairs and just this old american (with a twist) vibe. They had fresh herbs/produce growing in pots around the tables outside, a great beer list that I found to be a little cheaper than average (Sardine ale for $4 was well worth it), and some unique and affordable menu items. 
I was gonna go for their claim to fame and try some sardines, but I was quickly assured that no one wanted to be around my bad breath if I had it. I'll be back with some drunker, equally as stinky friends next time. We got the tomato zucchini plate which was really well done with some nicely charred heirloom tomatoes and fresh parm and bread with it. Fries were great with the pickle sauce. Wouldn't say it was anything too special but very pleased for the price and everything about the place. 
Our server was great and remembered all our orders even with 6 of us all shouting different things we wanted and brought it out quick/checked on us frequently. The hand written chalkboard menu, the little painted shed out back and the goofy chairs all made my smile. Nice job you salty slimy fish lovers.I have to come here more often, great happy hour specials, the jukebox doesnt change, and I am just fine with that. Its a great neighborhood bar. Did I mention I had a brain sandwich here? Yeah, it was pretty tasty.Get the salt and pepper fries with dill sauce and you won't be disappointed. The food is just tradition bar food (except the sardines, of course) . Outdoor seating in the summer is and fun. Great local bar.I'd give this place less if I could. I live so close it should be my go-to place. I just don't get the hype. The menu is awful - I've been there and have been unable to find something on the menu I remotely want to eat and settle for something lame like soup. The beer list is pretentious and the bar itself is drab. This place is overrated. I just don't get it.No pretense. No cute food. Solid eating. Sledge hammer flavors.  Working man prices. 
Favorite sandwich so far, braised pork. Close second, the sardine sandwich, buy 'em by the bag full.  Batter fried onion rings, a required side.  
Lots of good beer.This place continues to serve excellent and unique food day in and out with an always changing menu.  The tomato macaroni with cheese and bacon is neither tomato soup nor mac and cheese but is absolutely delicious.  I have had the falafel pita wrap multiple times and always enjoy it.  Both the onion rings and salt and pepper fries a great indulgence and good for sharing.  Their short rib entrees are also delicious.  They always had a fresh cooked vegetable side based on what is fresh and it is always cook to perfection.  Half off cans and discounts on certain growlers during happy hour are another reason to go.  They always have a great beer selection and this place is just expanding.  The staff is very friendly and they are very good to their regulars.  I personally love going in at 11 or 12 during the week.  It is a very friendly and layed back atmosphere.  Definitely a place to check out.  Personally prefer this bar to any of the ones in Graduate Hospital.  Just another great reason to come to Point Breeze.So a gay couple and their straight roomie walk into a bar....
That happens to be the best foodie place in the hood.
Just moved into the area and have been cleaning and painting our dwelling. We checked out this quasi foodie haven dive bar at the suggestion of a co-worker.
First off Sarah our Goddess Bartender was epic. Polite, friendly, but no bullshit and is a shining example of what every bartender should be. Quick refills, attentive, comforting, polite, and just naturally cute and inviting. Superb service skills. We've gone the last two nights and some of the food is downright amazing with a decent selection of craft beers. Think southwest Philly's Bishop's Collar with a twist and much better food and that's this jawn right here. Food we tried the cowboy chili, the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak (which isn't genuine but quite Frankly I think tastes better), Pork Meat Loaf Sandwich, Roasted chicken open face sandwich (omg so effin good think sos but with mom's homestylins), onion rings (best we've ever had), Nancy's buttered noodles (classic comfort food, delicious), fried ribs (why haven't I ever tried this before??!! Fantastic) and their Peanut Butter Chocolate Pretzel Sandwich (shut the front door and holy garbanzo beans that sandwich is like eating a "take five candy bar" only in sandwich form omfg that shit is amazeballs). 
Cons: Cowboy chili was good, the taste is there but it's kinda soupy and the texture is off, throw some more fixings in and top it off with some masa and it would be golden. The pork meatloaf sandwich was ok. I feel either the taste of the bbq sauce was off or there was too much of it or maybe both. Again a little tampering and this could be perfection. The menu is on a chalkboard which isn't easily eye accessible from every angle of the bar. I understand saving paper/trees/meaningless minutes wiping them down in the am (as I too have worked in the service industry) but it's super annoying to fight the crowd to take a gaze of tonight's fixings and I wasn't prepared that awesome epic Sarah would be able to repeat them exactly and didn't want to be an ass by assuming she would know them. Maybe put in another chalkboard menu near the door so those sitting there can see easier? And last but not least the crowd. I was actually very surprised that the workers there didn't want to do mortal combat battle against some of the patrons there who walked in the front door and did not so much as even glance to make sure the door closed behind them on a cold fall night. Patrons get your class together just because your in a place to be served doesn't mean you toss out all politeness and respect. 
Pros: Food is really great so far you can tell whoever is in charge is really passionate about what they do and uses quality ingredients that are fresh. Reasonably priced forthe most part. Beer selection is nice. And a very homey/punky feel to it. So far thisis a favorite of mine. Thank you staff at Sardine Bar, your effort and hardwork shows!! ; )New to the neighborhood and totally love this place upon first visit. The outside area is super relaxed with lawn chairs making you feel right at home. The service was very friendly, I could have sat there all night! The beer list is excellent as well with many fine craft brews to choose from. My choice of the night, Elysian Superfuzz, the taste of Summer. The food was tops as well...bologna slider, plancha sardines, fries with crack, I mean dill pickle sauce, and the short rib bahn mi. A great spot just far enough away that I won't be there everyday!i've been in this neighborhood since 1987, so to see a bar that's right up my alley and not on the other side of washington avenue is...interesting. especially since i'm not 100% comfortable with walking the 4 blocks here at night.
anyways, the food is great, the portions are huge. onion rings are mandatory with their wonderful spicy ranch dipping sauce. 
when they were taking a while to serve our food, the bartender gave us a round on the house. loves it. 
of course, i'm coming back.Nothing like a wonderful evening of copious smoke blowing in your eyes and smelling like a campfire when you get home because of crummy old low to the ground outdoor fire pits.  How hard would it be to get a couple of chimineas so smoke is diverted away from your paying customers?  I would suggest coming here in the summer or not coming at all, because the slow service and mediocre taplines aren't worth tolerating sort of a shabby-for-the-sake-of-shabby vibe.This place is boiling with potential.  The neighborhood, the space itself, the patio -- all are elements that could contribute to a great experience.  The beer selection is good. 
Tap lines, however, taste musty and the food is underseasoned, uninspired, and greasy. 
Too many new places are popping up offering affordable and delicous food.  Sardine Bar should take note of spots like Fountain Porter and Berg's Hideaway that serve simple but much tastier food at a good price point.I was finally able to check out ASB after hearing so many things about it before it opened (this review is being written a little belatedly!).  I was expecting great things because of how much I love South Philly Tap Room, and wasn't disappointed.  
Unfortunately I wasn't able to partake in the alcohol at this brunch, so I had to settle for trying sips of what my fiance was drinking.  They have an excellent selection of seasonal beers on tap.  The Bloody Mary was neither excellent nor horrible- nothing unique about it really, but still good.
Food was delish, especially the big white bowl of salty/peppery fries with what I believe was accompanied by some sort of tartar sauce dip.  I had the falafel sandwich which was great, but could easily feed a den of bears.  The Krab Cake sandwich (made with fake crab) was great!!  I would go back just to have that as my own order.
The area is a little sketchy, especially at night, so I don't think we'll be going there for late-night drinks...but who knows, stranger things have happened.  Definitely an awesome new brunch/lunch spot.Wow.... Great onion rings. Great beer list. Hubby had a sandwich , open face roast chicken, very nice. A small but very tasty side order of deep fried ribs and house salad rounded out the meal. Nice place , good crowd . Great thing to see in this neighborhood .This place is great and if you don't like it, it's because you have untreated tertiary syphilis which has eaten away your brain and made you stupid. The salt & pepper fries are really good.Wow wow wow!  It's not that often that I get this excited about a place, but the food here blew me away!  I wasn't expecting much, just coming to meet a friend for a drink.  I saw they had a food menu, so I got the vegan mushroom cheesesteak (because it's a pretty ballsy thing to make vegan) and potato tacos (because the potato thing intrigued me).  Both things were AMAZING!  SERIOUSLY!  If I could give six or seven stars I definitely would!  The cheesesteak came with some kind of little peppers.  I wasn't super excited when I just saw them because I thought, well I didn't ask for peppers, but then I tried the whole thing and they added great flavor!  The potato tacos were great too.  You get two so it was nice to split them.  Although the tacos are listed as an appetizer, I think they're big enough to be a standalone meal.  
Our waitress was great too.  Got us some waters when we hadn't even asked for them yet.  The food came out pretty quickly too.  I just cannot wait to come back here and get the exact same thing again!  
Note: some people may be put off by the neighborhood being a little bit removed from center city, but listen, the upside is there's never an issue with parking!Visited the American Sardine today for lunch....once again the staff very friendly and the food wonderful....we look forward to our next visit !Bonnie is rude and disrespectful. She called my friend an animal and refused service.Disgusting. I'm making this scowling face at my computer screen as I begin to write this review, not really knowing where to start...
....what happened? I went into the American Sardine Bar fully expecting to enjoy it, but my experience was nothing short of mediocre. 
I really liked the decor of this place, the intense, rustic and small atmosphere, but the service and food were...eh.
Got the pulled pork sandwhich....the meat was so tough that I couldn't chew it.
Onion rings were okay. Sauce that came with it was better.
Maybe focusing on the food would do this place a lot of good and make it tempting to go back....but for now, I'll just stick with filling up a growler at happy hour and take it to go.Very happy with this neighborhood spot. Perfect place to chill on a hot summer night.  Super casual tattoo loving hipster joint. I'm a fan!This is one of my favorite places in the city. It's nestled away in a Point Breeze neighborhood, with a wonderful complex & challenging menu and a great drink selection. However, my favorite part of it is the lack of a TV. You are actually forced to be social with friends, enemies or strangers. With delicious treats and social atmosphere to match, this is a must-do in Phila.I like the Sardine Bar.  It has a great bar area, outdoor area, and upstairs.  The prices are great and they always have some ciders.  The bar tenders are friendly and attentive.  This is a hip, fun, but not overly loud or annoying bar.  It draws a laid back hipster crowd.  They don't have a lot of gluten free options, which is pretty normal for a bar, but the bar tenders always answer my questions and I can usually find something to eat!  My husband always gets food and it always looks great!  I would say that you should try the Sardine Bar if you are looking for a fun and laid back South Philly bar.Went for a late dinner and a pint and it was excellent!  A friend suggested it and I've found a star in Point Breeze.  Very eclectic food options...I had the Asian Salmon sandwich which was excellent.  Great flavors and a bite of spice at the end.  We also got a basket of onion rings for the table and they were also fabulous and a very generous portion.  Contrary to other reviews, the waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and the beer selection.  I had a porter which was very good, except perhaps a bit too cold.  My only recommendation is to list the style of the beers with their names and pour sizes so customers can identify those which are in the style they prefer.I. Love. This. Place. Great atmosphere, servers and bartenders are super personable, beer list is fantastic AND they usually have Bulleit Rye. 
Food can be a little spicy for most folks, but they're up front about that.On my quest to hit all the 2012 top 50 bar in 2013 I found myself at American Sardine Bar.  Service was awesome, great staff.  My group slowly took over the bar which make it very fun, but the bar area is kind of narrow so I wouldn't necessarily recommended it for a size group we had.  Nice beer selection.  The grilled cheese with tomato (which had a funny names) was amazing.  A few people got sardine, too fishy smelling for me personally one person complained about the bones but I think that normal.As a guy who purchased a home in Point Breeze I must say I'm excited to have ASB in the hood.  It's a quick walk for me and all my friends that live here too.  The food seems to have gotten better recently.  I had a pulled pork sandwich last night that was pretty stellar.  It's a decent place to go for sure.  
Here's the downsides.  
1. Seriously just fix the front door.  Get out a planer and shave the bottom of the door and put an arm on the top so it closes.  Every time the people come in or leave the door stays open causing the artic air to come in.  People get mad (I've seen customers cursing at each other over this) Inevitably a customer has to get up and close the door. 
2.  Everybody complains about the menu locations.  We get it, you don't want to print out new menus everyday because the menu changes.  You have to get up and walk to menus which are written on the wall.  They won't put menus above the bar because the owner "likes the mirrors to much".  Restaurants are all about convenience.  
3.  You don't get fries with any sandwich you order.  They must be ordered separately.   This may be the only place in Philly where you don't get fries.  For a $10 pulled pork sandwich that feels kind of like a rip.  Take a hint from Side Car and give people the option of fries, salad, or a little of both.Get the salt and pepper fries with dill sauce and you won't be disappointed. Great local bar.Having used to live in the area, I was so excited to hear there was going to be a well-established bar in Point Breeze. And then to hear it was being done by the same folks as SPTR, I was stoked. 
Lets cut to the chase. 
The building is beautiful. Old staircase, awesome tiling, and the wood beams upstairs are a great touch. The tables, all rough wood, are so large and inviting. And though the christmas lights may have been residual from the holidays, they gave a warm glow everywhere. 
Beer list was awesome- 22 on tap. Stuck with the South Hampton Chistmas Ale for the most part. Food was great too: onion rings, sardine sandwich, brussel sprouts, sandwiches (we tried the pittsburgh cheesesteak and krab cake sammys) and fries (Just a spoiler their sandwiches dont come with fries; if you want some, you gotta order them seperately. But its worth it).
And they have Heinz ketchup. Not a homemade concoction. Like SPTR. And it is delicious.
Two thumbs up, ASB.Awesome neighborhood bar. Microbrews and hipster vibe, but not in a pretentious way, totally down to earth type cool. Two floors with a ceiling of string lights and funky art you can buy. Great growler fill specials during happy hour, and always leave room for their dessert snack--it changes every few months (like most of the menu) but is always MEGA YUM.So really delicious onion rings and salt & pepper fries  that come with a great dip. Also, like their spaghetti sandwich was literally a sandwich made out spaghetti. I would get it again. Great bar with good beer and food in my neighborhood.Oh, it was love at first sight...
Having just moved into the neighborhood and in need of a different sort of cold beer, the Guy and I decided to try out what would, by necessity, be our local pub. Who knew necessity could be so generously serendipitous? I was smitten from a block away, starry-eyed at the sight of the bright yellow doorway on the corner, bedecked with the hipsterly-rustified beacon of a sardine can. Once inside its breezy, TV-free embrace, I wept on the inside with grateful joy at the chalkboard menus that promised a decent mix of beers, craft and can, and a veggie cheesesteak brunch-style (ie, hollandaise sauce, "home"-fries and topped with a pair of fried eggs). Since then, ASB and I have developed quite the amorous relationship.
: Killer bloody mary's and a pretty amazing side-salad. (Yeah, I know -- who reviews a salad? But seriously kids, I dig a good salad and this one is delicious simplicity at its best.)
: Could probably use a little menu-update now and again. As much as I love their mushroom omelette and the onion rings, a little variety wouldn't hurt. 
: Pretty great bartenders with nice smiles and witty repartee. They will refill your water glass before you even have to ask, which is also nice considering how great those bloody mary's are.
: Growlers and half-price cans at happy hour. Yes.
Yes, ASB, I think this is love.The openfaced chicken sandwich is unbelievable! I don't know how they make the gravy but it's sooo soo delicious!There aren't a ton of restaurants in Point Breeze, but even if there were I'd still like this place. They have generous outdoor seating (great place to chill if you have a dog with you), and a very laid back vibe. The menu itself as  written down is a little vague, but I asked our server lots of questions about what was in what and what would be safe for my allergies, and he was super cooperative and helpful. The portions for some of the food (basket of pepper fries, fried chicken sandwich, an entire whole pickle) are HUGE, but some things (any of the soups, salad) are actually a little small for what the price is. They have a decent beer list and we go here for happy hours often. 
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely worth dropping by.Came here about a year ago with friends for lunch. Wasn't that hungry so all I got was the onion rings which were really good. They had a decent selection of beer so that was a plus for me. Overall I thought it was good but being that I am a picky eater I thought their menu could have been better.Overwhelming sense of meh.  Beers are plentiful and run the spectrum.  Cocktails are unimaginative.  Food is the definition of inconsistent.  Have had dishes come out cold and inedible.  Other nights it is very delicious and prepared well.  Very Hipster bar which is fine, not a huge turnoff for me.  But the staff seems to cater to regulars and that hipster crowd.Noisy, cheerful little dive bar with plenty of seating, blaring music, and friendly, efficient staff. Came in for some late night drinks and got ourselves sorted in no time. 3 gin and tonics were $16.50. Not too bad at all. 
This is not the place you go on a first date. It's where you go when the two of you want a drink within stumbling distance of home.Now that I live blocks from this bar, I am a frequent customer, which isn't a bad thing, unless you're my wallet.
The food is pretty great, especially the brunch options.  I thought the salt-n-pepper fries with the pickle aioli were the best thing ever invented.  That is, until I had the fries with some hollandaise sauce! Add some hot sauce on top and you won't want fries from anywhere else - ever.
The pork bah-mi was delicious, but I think this is only a brunch special.  I've also had the spicy ham and cheese (not brunch) and although it was a bit spicy for my taste, I was able to enjoy it.  
As for beer, you want it, they probably have it.  Draft, cans, 6-packs to-go, Sardine Bar has it all, including a bangin' outdoor area for the warmer months.  
One of my fav bars, hands down.Great beer selection with inventive sandwhiches. I'm a fan.Went Saturday night before the Flyers game.
Cool hipster bar.  Jukebox was AMAZING.  Nice beer selection.  Menu is a little "short" but decent.  
Started with a Weyerbacher Yankee ale (came in a wine glass which always throws me off).  Light brown and had a caramel taste, decent beer though.  I had open faced chicken sandwich....the gravy was amazing and the chicken was perfectly cooked.  My brother had the pulled pork sandwich which was "lighter" fare.  2nd beer was Pbl ppa which was more my speed.  Split the onion rings which were awesome.
Would try the sardines next time.  Will go back again.Best vegetarian cheesesteak I've had yet, and I've tried a good number of options around the city and the burbs. Vegan meat, grilled mushrooms, non-vegan cheese, on a fresh, crusty roll. Go there. Get one. That is all.Signs of a great bar, you keep bringing up how much you wish it was in your neighborhood. That's how we talk about ASB at our house, thanks to their addition of Detroit Coney's to the menu, awesome onion rings and great beer list. If only it weren't so out of the way and off the public transportation grid..Food is always delicious, creative and the menu is always changing. The staff is super friendly, helpful and accommodating. They act more like your friends than your bartender/waiter/waitress. It's my go-to place. It's casual and moderately priced enough to support frequent visits, while being equally respectable so ones frequent visits don't become embarrassing. :) PERFECT! Oh, and the "beer garden" is super sweet. It's literally beer and sandwiches in their yard behind the bar.I have been to sardine bar several times and have never been disappointed by the service, atmosphere, or beer!  There's no frills up in here.  The tap lists and menu are written on chalk boards that you have to get up and look at.
I went there for the PBC Fishtown Beer Runner's Fried Chicken Run back during Philly Beer Week and really enjoyed the event atmosphere they provided.  I really wish that fried chicken was an all-the-time thing on their menu because it was DELICIOUS.  I also like that their upstairs area has art for sale by local artists.
I went for the release of their American Sardine Ale, a Belgian Blonde that is made by Manayunk Brewery.  It was really delicious!  It came with a complementary sardine sandwich....which was absolutely disgusting.  Do not get that unless you really love the taste of sardine ALL UP IN YOUR MOUTH.  Get the beer though.  Get it with the onion rings because they're my favorite in the city so far.What a great neighborhood bar.  The menus are all on their chalkboards.  We sat at the bar, they have a great beer selection, of course.  My boyfriend had the "best BLT of his life".  So there you go.  I had their big salad which was very good as well. My favorite part, however, was their salt and pepper fries.  OMG, I'm a fry connoisseur and these were A+.  I would go here just to get them.  Happy to see a place like this in Point Breeze.Best onion rings ever. Period. We also got the sweet chili beer battered corn - incredible. The sauce is decadent, rich not syrupy. The same batter is used on both the rings and the corn and it's wonderful.
Their beer selection is great, and their craft cocktails sounds interesting but I stuck to Une Annee No Regrets Sour with was fantastic enough to warrant 4 or 5 glasses. I lost track!
We sat outside in the well appointed courtyard kept casual cool, both temperature wise and stylistically. Can't wait to go back and try their sandwiches!This place is awesome. I love that it is now my neighborhood bar. The beer selection is phenomenal and the price point is great. I have been here quite a few times since moving around the corner, and it has been great every time I have been here. They have a list of about 20 taps and then a huge list of bottled beers as well. It gets pretty packed on a regular basis, but the open up the backyard with barrel fires in the winter and during the warmer months, they add tables and chairs and you can eat out back. I love sitting at the bar here. One of the coolest things that they do here, is allow chefs and food industry people to come in once a month and create a sandwich to be featured on the menu for that month as a guest sandwich. Its really to the point of what I love about the Philly dining scene. The chefs are in competition with each other, but it doesn't come off that way. There is a sense of comradery and brotherhood that I don't think exists in a lot of other cities, and its fun to watch. 
The first time I came, I took the group of guys helping us moved here for lunch after moving all morning. We were all starving and ready for a few beers. We ordered a bunch of sides for the table including the salt and pepper fries, the onion rings, the grilled sardines, and I ordered Jon Carl Lachtman's special sandwich of the month that had kielbasa and zurkool on it. I also ordered a Bruery Sour in the Rye because I couldnt believe they had it on tap for 5 dollars. What a steal! This is one of my favorite beers anywhere, but its usually very pricey. I had three while we were sitting there and it made me quite happy. All of the items we ordered were seriously great eats. The kielbasa and zurkool sandwich was so damn tasty and exactly what I needed to replenish my energy from the tough day of moving. The fries are some of the best I have found in the city to date. There isnt anythng overly complicated about them, and I think thats probably why they are so good. Simply well prepared and well seasoned wins most of the time. I loved the dill pickle dip they were served with as well.  The onions rings were awesome. They had a ton of crunch to them, and when you took a bite, the onion didnt pull out from the breading which was great.
Other visits have included the outstanding brussels sprouts, seasonal item thought so it will disappear after a while, the butternut squash soup, also seasonal, the cubano sandwich, the falafel sandwich, the grilled seitan sandwich, and what might still be my favorite thing on the  menu, the bologna sliders. Hopefully one day Ill be able to snag a patty melt or a pittsburgh cheesesteak as they are special items that show up very infrequently. This place is outstanding. Point Breeze needs more people to take this leap and open up their own places. The neighborhood is transitioning, and now is the time to invest. Sardine Bar has the neighborhood on lock for the time being. Check it out!Servers are super friendly and knowledgeable. Food is delicious, and the portions are definitely not petite. The beer menu has a great spread of craft beers on draft and in cans.
 I'm so excited for the weather to warm up to take advantage of their fabulous outdoor seating. Sad it has taken so long for me to go, but glad I did!I went here due to a suggestion by Anthony Bourdain, and the siren songs of a sardine sandwich filled with boiled egg, onion, and black pepper would make any man jump off the deck. South Philly and in particular the region where American Sardine Bar is located is going through something of a renovation in recent years due to its direct line of sight to center city. If this continues I anticipate places like this, and others around it will have its rent increase and either evolve in to something yuppie or hipster like, or cease to exist. Which is sad, because this place is truly something great in terms of a neighborhood bar, it is the place where you could go and sit around all day long without a care in the world about whats happening outside. Or even whats happening outside of your 2 feet border. 
I also discovered the wonders of the Narrgansett beer, and it is something amazing to be sure.Welcoming bartender. ... great with drink suggestions .... food was wonderful !   This certainly a place we will return to !This place is really good. Mini Sardine sandwiches rock and I'm not a "sardine-eater". It wast first time and I love it, could have eaten 5. Also the American sardine beer is super cheap and good. Warning: no entrance under 21. There's outside seating which is very nice but the booth inside was also cozy. This is not your average dive bar. The bar staff were "grungy" and a bit overbearing for my guests from North Carolina but that's a personal problem. This place was very good and I would recommend. Bahn mi was not authentic but still very good and a large portion. Salt and pepper fries with dill sauce were awesome.Went Saturday night, food was excellent service was horrible, our server was not coherent, had to ask us what we ordered 3x, staff knew there was a problem, but dnk what to do about it. We had sardines, on onion rings, Cubano, short rib sandwich, and portabello melt, all were excellent, will go back but sit @ the bar.a cute place with outdoor seating in a quiet part of Philly. I liked the breakfast sardine sandwich,  brussel sprouts, and collard greens mire than the actual sardines.  I also recommend the boozy cider (bourbon + bitter + simple syrup + cider) - the mixing of alcohol means you only need one drink to feel itVery much enjoyed American Sardine Bar, which seems to be a fun neighborhood bar without many frills, but full of down-to-earth people.
Sunday afternoon (~1PM) found us with the choice of either seating outdoors or in (no second floor) for their (newly established) brunch menu. With an infant in our group, we chose to sit outdoors in case there were cries (which there weren't!), and though we initially wished for umbrellas to ward off the 90*F sunshine, the sun soon moved so that the neighboring house provided some shade to our table.
The onion rings are a-ma-zing. Gigantic and well cooked and piled high. The pickle spears were also terrific. The fries, that came with the sausage, gravy, biscuit I ordered were also really good--see others' reviews--, but the dish as a whole was just too much for me (perhaps it was because it was so darn hot), and by too much, I mean too much of it (gigantic portion) and too heavy. I actually really wanted a salad when we arrived, but the one salad on the menu sounded a little sad: iceberg lettuce and some tomatoes, was I believe, how the waitress described it to me. In any case, the beer on tap was varied and everyone was happy with their selections (they also offer micheladas). Overall a solid neighborhood bar, though after hearing the stories of how the bar came to be, I can imagine some in the neighborhood are still a little peeved.delicious duck reuben sandwich, lots of beer choices, really great large outdoor seating area for dogs, babies, and drunks.Alright, so the new outdoor space is bea-youuuu-tiful. Sweet drankz, good eats, friendly staff and now a painfully pleasant place to sit outside on a summer night....you just can't go wrong here.Really cool little bar.  
The bartender was super cool and chill.  When we asked for some beer selections he was enthusiastic and helpful.  They have an awesome array of beers and won't hesitate to give you a little sample (if you're unsure of what you might like.)  I actually stopped in here because of the good reviews on yelp, and I totally concur with the rest of my fellow yelpers, this place is great.  
Their menu is on the board and is veggie friendly.  I wasn't so hungry, but I did get a side of veggies that were delicious.  Everyone around me seemed to be very pleased with their food as well.  I went here in winter, but I can imagine in nice weather, this place would be the perfect vibe.  
This will be a staple in my bar hopping arsenal.  If you're looking for a breath of fresh hair in S philly, stop here.  Good service, good vibes, and an all around enjoyable time.I wanted to like this less because it's so far from my house, but one bit into my pulled pork sandwich and I knew Sardine Bar was something special.  
No TV, only one sardine on the menu, sandwiches don't come with sides.  No menus, only chalkboards.
Goodish beer list (Amazing elsewhere, average-good for PHL), nice long bar.
Worth a stop if you're in the hood.I have been to Philadelphia two times this past year to visit and I went to American Sardine Bar both times. My parents found this place while walking to there B&B during there visit in July. They fell in love with this place and in turn brought me. It is a wonderful place. The food is bomb and the open faced chicken sandwich is hella good. We actually went for Christmas dinner here and I had the spaghetti sandwich which was wonderful as well! One of the waiters was really kind to my parents and when I went with them he remembered them and really blessed my parents. He stopped to have a conversation with us. Very nice guy. The people are very friendly they have a good beer selection. I only wish we had a place like this in the Bay Area and Los Angeles! They would really take off here. I think this was one of the best eateries during my visit to Philadelphia!Only Bar in the hood! Great food, GREAT beer and great bartenders! Plus I'm 2 blocks away, it's nice to have a good clean bar in the neighborhood!Very good food, great beer selection, good service. A fantastic bar in the neighborhood!This place has a fantastic happy hour!  Their food and drink specials are extremely affordable.  The onion rings are my favorite, however, you can't go wrong with anything you order!  I've never had a bad meal here.  The food is consistent but the service isn't.  Still 5 stars though!Sardine Bar has transformed the old Wander Inn.
I was looking forward to seeing the transformation and I was not disappointed. 
Friendly, knowledgeable staff willing and eager to offer suggestions. Great selection of brews on tap. Try the Rasp Beret Cider.
We sampled the salt and pepper fries, coney dog special, falafel, and onion rings.We started with the sardine sandwich.Thin French baguette slices, sardines, thin slivers of boiled egg topped with spring greens. Best $2 I've spent on my trip. The onion rings were exceptionally crisp and the fries with dill sauce were a great take on a classic. The falafel was fresh and served with spicy pickles a perfect combination.
I've waited for years to see this rebirth. The experience was worth the wait.I've been to South Philly Tap Room... and i love it there.  This lil spot has been on my list... but Point Breeze isn't my typical stomping grounds... so it required a dedicated adventure.  That adventure took place on Friday night.  The boyfriend and i were dressed to go see a friends show at JC Dobbs, but we needed to eat first... yet neither of us were volunteering to cook.  Perfect night out!  
The neighborhood is discribed as 'up and coming' which i will second for sure.  The inside, however, won big points with me right away.  A big and comfy bar with a TV showing the flyers game = happy boyfriend.  Tons and tons of beers on draught = happy me.  A menu with vegetarian options just took it over the top!  On my way to the ladies room i saw the beer garden and the upstairs... all things to take-away for next time.  Especially on one of those first warm days of the spring... 
I began with a Goose Creek Matilda, and a pickled egg ($1!!!!).  I recall eating pickled eggs as a child.  I liked the pink-ish purple color... but it had been quite a while.  Now that I've moved beyond my love of fuschia, i wasn't sure i'd still like them... though they combine my favorite things- pickles and eggs.  This egg wasn't fuschia... but it was ON A STICK!!!  Thats a 3rd favorite that I wasn't even planning for!  The egg was delicious.  The white was firm and a bit pickled, the yolk has hints of pickle but it wasn't overpowering... the whole thing rocked!  It really transported me back to my childhood.
My boyfriend said the same thing about his starter- the sardine sandwich (slider) $2!!!!.  He said that when he was little his dad used to eat sardines in front of him and told him how good they were, but wouldn't give him one when he asked... Basic reverse psychology applied to a food that most 8 year olds wouldn't care for.  The result- he loves sardines, and this little sandwich was no exception.  It transported him back to his childhood too.
Neither of us are overly nostalgic... so this was a lil weird for us... but in a great great way!
Next came our meals- I got the falafel and he got the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak.  Neither of us are particulaly light eaters... nor are we tiny people... and when I tell you this food was INSANELY LARGE, i'm not kidding.  I made it through roughtly 55% of my falafel and i was stuffed.  The falafel balls were a bit dense for my taste, but everything else on that sandwich was pretty much a dream.... especially the vegan tatziki... genius and delicious.  I ate the rest for breakfast the next morning.  My boyfriend said his Cheesesteak was also amazing.  He was skeptical ordering a Pittsburgh Cheesesteak in Philly, but he managed to house the vast majority of that bad boy, taking breaks only to rave about how good it was.  He ended up having to remove the french fries from the sandwich as he was running out of room.
All in all, the layout of this place, the awesomeness of the servers, the level of comfort that their comfort food deployed.... all things that made the American Sardine Bar amazing.  This place has now made our short list... and it looks like we'll be spending more time in Point Breeze... 'up and coming'... right?The food is good, nice outside sitting area ( mean mosquitos though) but always some kind of issues with kitchen.  Especially if you come between brunch and lunch or happy hour and regular dinner. Seams that transition of menu is really difficult and strict...(to the tune of "Fifteen" by Taylor Swift)
You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors
It's been another long, hard day
You say "Hi" to the bartender you haven't seen in a while
Hang your jacket so it's out the way.
Cuz you want a beer, want to sit on your rear
For the next hour or two
Hoping one of those bowls of fries is gonna make it to your plate
You know, the tasty salty fries that you adore...
Order a SARDINE and maybe a grilled cheese, maybe two
You better believe me
Order a sardine
Don't ask questions, just enjoy the taste in your mouth.
Count to ten, take it in,
Maybe you'll realize how tasty it's gonna be....
Sardine.
Sardine, Fifteen, who's counting? But you really could spend many a visit here, never order a single sardine, and enjoy the hell out of yourself. Solid happy hour, incredible outdoor seating for summer nights and spring afternoons. The brussels sprouts are insanely delicious and became a point of contention at dinner (mostly just who was going to eat the last bite!) The menu is full of tasty little surprises. Sweet bologna sliders, the pickle dip that comes with the fries (but that you should put on everything), and the sardine sammy (for those who wanna ease into the sardine experience).... The price is right, the vibe is fantastic, and it's a gem in an area where spots like this are few and far between.I have been to this bar a few times now and liked it for its awesome beer selection and food was good each time.  When I went there late night around 12am on a Thursday night and had a bunch of friends meet me there, the bar manager seemed extremely pissed to have people show up and so annoyed that we stayed till close.  I thought it would be considered a good thing for your dead bar to make money but I guess not as important as going home.  He made me feel extremely uncomfortable and as if we were not welcome there.  That being said I would never return to this bar, there is great beer and food all over the city, would never waste my time at this place ever again.  Hire a new bar manager seriously!Great food, loved the falafel and open faced chicken sandwich.  Diverse beer selection.  Friendly service and good neighborhood bar.  Good happy hour.  Definitely recommend trying at least once.To say American Sardine Bar is merely "haute stoner food" is like saying Catherine Zeta-Jones is merely a beautiful woman.  While it may be true, it's just part of the story.  American Sardine Bar is an awesome pub with excellent food, great decor and a place that I want to spend more time at.
A few Yelpers and I descended upon this new Point Breeze haunt for a sampling of the menu and the bar as a whole.  We can be a loud and talkative bunch but we had many moments of utter silence as we were thoroughly blown away by the food.  It was really that delicious.
Our menu sampling included brussel sprouts (holy hell, get these), onion rings, falafel sandwich (delicious), fried PB&J, grilled cheese (wow) and the pork sandwich (still dreaming about that)
I have to give a moment to the brussels.  Oyster sauce and pickled chilis.  We debated for most of the evening on how they were cooked but suffice to say, they are amazing.
The walls are a deep red, somewhere between blood and maroon.  The chalkboards serve to neatly display the specials and at the same time, let you know that they change stuff up a lot.  This place strives to keep it local and keep it fresh.
If I remember right, about 18 beers on tap.  All of them poignant selections and will go greatly with your food.
The service staff was highly accommodating, super nice and even gave me the wifi password so I could work from the bar.  (I was on call, no way around it)
This place is seriously top notch.Great neighborhood spot in the Breeze that we frequent often. Love the beer selection here, and the eclectic food menu is always changing. Where else can you find a spaghetti sandwich?! The salt and pepper fries are a perfect snack too. The bartenders and servers are always nice and willing to answer questions about the menu or offer a brew suggestion based on what you like.Came here around 6 pm for some drinks with friends and enjoyed the atmosphere they offered! Really nice outside seating (fully stocked with folding lawn chairs, nice touch), and there were plants growing everywhere.
Beer selection was pretty good, nothing that I was absolutely dying to try, but all of them tasty beers I've had before. Pretty sweet "boilermaker" specials where you get a shot and a beer. They had the classic buschmills and narangasset can, but also fancy ones like smutty nose and some better type of liqour. Of course, price was upped (the fanciest one was $9), but still worth it in my opinion!!
I didn't get food, but some of my friends did. I tried some of their french fries with pickle dip (which was basically a watery, very dill-y tzatziki) and they were tasty! I'll definitely have to come here and eat the food cause that lancaster chicken sandwich kept winking at me all night ;)Grabbed the smothered pork torta and the onion rings. First, the torta itself is smothered in its entirety with more sauce on the plate itself. The sandwich wasn't drenched in it and was a unique twist to your typical torta to add flavor to what likely was a so-so bread. The pork was a bit on the dry side but not too bad. Try it while this torta is on the menu. Onion rings were as good as ever. Eat them while they are hot for that satisfying beer battered crunch.The food is good and fries are great. Tilapia po boy was really good but it's a shame their meals don't come with sides! The wait staff usually isn't the best. Feels like they don't really want to be taking care of you and not attentive. The girl the other night forgot our drinks two separate times and seemed moody. It's a nice spot just wish I felt better there!Great beer list and awesome food. I'm generally the last person you will ever see eating spam but the spam Mac n cheese and corn dog are amazing...perfect drinking food. Space is small, but awesome outside space.This place is a great value. The service here is good.  The beer selection is awesome.  The onion rings are amazing, and my sandwich was satisfying (but not amazing).No Substitutions.  Had the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese.  It comes on marble rye bread.  No, you can not have it on white - there are no substitutions.  Yes, they have white bread.checked out the semi-soft opening yesterday.  been waiting for this place to open for a while. 
Same owner and chef as SPTR, so you know it's gonna be good.  
menu was nice american food for decent prices, 4-12$ tops for everything.  al a carte style menu with sandwiches, some sides, and some apps. 
We had the Jewish chicken noodle soup, pbc walt wit braised pork sammie, and the brussels sprouts with oyster sauce and thai bird chiles.  also tried the sardine sandwiches.
the soup was really packed with thick noodles, chicken, and some dill, really good, like your jewish grandma made it good.  didn't even miss the matzo balls, made me want a second bowl.
the pork sandwich was a winner too, great roll, pork was tender and just the way you want it.
brussels sprouts was also a great dish, carmelized in a pan with the oyster sauce bringing the umami and the thai chile giving them some heat.
I am not usually a sardine fan but the sardine sandwiches were tasty, kind of like SPTR's head cheese tacos in terms of size and price--small but only a buck a piece, a nice little snack to wash down with some beers.
Other food we saw that looked decent would be the fries and the onion rings--especially the onion rings--gotta have those next time we go.
We were a bit disappointed that there wasn't a large Turkey leg special, but maybe that is coming...
This bar being related to SPTR and BREW, they had a nice beer list at affordable prices lots of top craft brands (local and not)--my favorite part being the Kenzinger for 3$.  can't beat that.
The bar has a really nice upstairs area with a small stage, looks very cool.  bathrooms were nice, whole interior is classy, they did a great job with the extant elements and the design touches they added complement what was there already rather than looking too fake or thought out.
This was a soft opening, they were up and running, but not quite finished yet, so I am sure most of this stuff will get taken care of before the "real" opening:
bar had no sound system yet, jukebox supposed to get installed.  bar had no bike racks, those are on order, not sure if they putting in TVs or not, place is nice without them, but you need some flyers and phils, since they ain't officially open they still had the paper on the windows, so it was dark in there when it will be nice to see the street.
There were a lot of pioneers in the place when we visited, many of them been waiting a while for the place to open since they will now have a local.  pretty sure this will push the frontier a little further just as SPTR did down in Newbold.This is an awesome bar in Point Breeze! I went here for a Beer Week Event with a few friends, and I really dug this place! Our bartender was a really friendly dude and would give info on the beers there if need be. He also was great to have a conversation with, from relationship advice to Sharknado. The beer list was extensive with a lot of the usual suspects to some uncommon stuff (especially for Beer Week).  We got the BBQ platter, and jeez that was huge! It was worth the 15 bucks for the plethora of food! This is a bar I need to go to more often to get good food and great beer! Thanks for the good time ASB!!This place rocks... 
The crick in my neck from turning around to look at the menu to look at the menu on the wall is worth it. Food is fantastic. The hipster staff is great and way to nice .Glad  sardines is finally  up and rolling. Finally there is a great alternative to that trashy trucker bar sidecar if you want to get something to eat and drink in the neighborhood. 
Keep up the good work!So-so in most respects. Service was friendly and attentive. The ambience is neither here or there and it didn't seem as nice on the inside as I'd pictured it after driving by it hundreds of times. Beer selection appears to be decent but not amazing and when we went they had four different pumpkin beers on tap which I found to be rather redundant. The onion rings are really great, though the "secret sauce" that came with it appears to be a simple sriracha mayo or the like (it was fine anyway). I was not so happy with the Cubano I ordered--the bread was really stale. Since I don't live very close to it I'd say it's a one and done for me. Not a bad place but it doesn't really measure up to the best gastropubs in the city and I'm surprised it's generated such a buzz.Beer list is really good. Food options are limited....and interesting. You should be an adventurous eater! The place was crowded when we went, but the service was still quick. Great hidden away spot in an up and coming neighborhood!If you seek a pretentious gastropub with mediocre service and overpriced food and drinks, this is not your place. The servers are friendly and competent, the food is good, and the beer selection is diverse. I've been itching for a neighborhood bar since moving in just above Washington a year-and-a-half ago, and I think I've found it.This is probably one of my favorite places to eat and grab a drink in South Philly. The food is AMAZING. Their fries are to die for, and the sardine sandwich is always a must. You literally can't go wrong - I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered from their menu!Nice neighborhood place. Stopped in today for late snack. Beer list is great. Onion rings really good. Plentiful portions. Will go again.I don't think I usually give 5 stars to bars, but American Sardine was fantastic.  The dark interior with exposed wood, and chalkboard menus, plus cheap beers, and fantastic food adds up to a terrific experience all around.  
I met up with a few other yelpers to give American Sardine a try.  We shared a ton of food including: brussel sprouts, onion rings, fries, the pork sandwich, the grilled cheese, the falafel, and the fried PB&J.  The whole table enjoyed everything.  The real standouts were the brussel sprouts: very tender, but still had a nice char; the pork sandwich: pork with boursin spread is fabulous; and the fried PB&J was a nice sweet ending, definitely more of a dessert type item or at least something to share.  The dill sauce is a fabulous accompaniment to the fries and onion rings.  
I don't think I've ever been to Point Breeze before tonight, but will definitely be returning as often as possible.  We were pleasantly shocked by the bill considering the amount of food and drinks that were ordered.  American Sardine is absolutely worth the trip!A much welcomed addition to the neighborhood. 
This is a great gastropub with a very tasty menu and great selection of local brews.
First I like the overall feel and vibe of the ASB. The Staff was great from the bartender, servers and staff. Everyone greeted you like you know them for years. The decor was simple but effective to create a atmosphere. Liked the blackboard menus for food and drinks.
The food was really good. I recommend the Onion Rings as an appetizer. I had their pork sandwhich witch was really delicious and the sauce put it over the top. My girlfriend had the Falafel Sandwich and saved half of it so she could get two days out of it.
Will be going back really soon. There are several things on the menu that we need to try because they looked so yummy.Love the place.  Really great craft beer selection, and the food we got was tasty also.  Had the sardines a la plancha, grilled sardines, and some onion rings and chicken wings, and everything was delicious.  Service was great as well.After looking at some other reviews that were posted I'm glad to know I'm not the only one that the chef has hand picked to harass via the internet.  
I can't stand this joint.We hit this spot a couple of months ago for happy hour. Great drafts but here they likes it in the can and so will you.... They have an extensive selection and they are 1/2 price at happy hour. 
A very welcoming place, from the staff to the locals. The food was excellent as well. The $2 signature sardine sandwich was so good I immediately ordered another. Salt & Pepper fries and the Walt Wit Braised Pork Pittsburgh style was great. The day we were there they didn't have the Brussel Sprouts everyone raved about so I guess we have to wait until next season. We will return.When ASB first opened last November I was super excited merely by the fact that it was around the corner in my neighborhood. Over the past few months I've had my fair share of drafts and dinners and have always been satisfied with both the quality of service and the bites coming out of the kitchen. It's a great place to grab a brew with some friends and munch on some salt and pepper fries or cut open a giant pickle with a steak knife. Don't ask for any girly cocktails though- stick to drafts, cans, and whiskey. Give the Newbold newbie a try.We will definitely be back. Our server/bartender was quite excellent to us. Food is delicious. Especially the sardine appetizers.Simply amazing. My very favorite place to take friends in Philadelphia. Their seasonal beer menu is fantastic, and the food is second-to-none. On top of all this (and isn't this reason enough to visit?!!), their staff are the nicest, most knowledgeable servers you could imagine. They know their menu really well and they'll happily make recommendations. Solid gold, five star location.Large, rotating & often rare selections of both draft & can beer draw me here. Creative & diverse food menu with new additions every couple of weeks keeps me coming back.  
Earlier this year, I bought my first house just a couple blocks away from American Sardine.  As anyone else who lives in Point Breeze is aware, there are very very limited selections (and by limited, I mean 0 selections) on a neighborhood pub/restaurant in the immediate area. Sure, north of Washington Ave. is walkable.. but I don't always want to make that trek. This makes me love the Sardine that much more. The menu changes just enough to keep it feeling like new for me; the staff & service remain consistently great. 
Also -- the portions of the fries & onions rings are pretty enormous, best for sharing.
Some nights it can be difficult to find a table, but then they will open up the 2nd floor for more seating options.. although I always prefer sitting at the bar anyway because the bartenders almost always make good company.
When my parents are in town, they don't love having to get up to look at the chalkboard menus... but I can't in good faith deduct points for that as I personally don't mind at all. 
The patty melt is to die for... and almost literally, my poor arterties. Get a sandwich Pittsburgh style if you're up for the physical challenge.
Happy hour 4-6pm offers 1/2 priced cans.I cannot say one bad thing about this establishment. Beer selection is great and the service is excellent. I love the exposed wood and the chalkboard menus add to the fun.  If you are only going for a quick beer and a snack, I highly recommend the onion rings. They are bursting with flavor.Great local bar!! Beers are always awesome. Rotating draft and cans! Food is always rotating as well. You can find fun concoctions like the amazing spaghetti sandwich!! And no one can f#*k with their onion rings. They are huge, lightly battered with a delicious mustard sauce. Perfection. 
Fun place, good music, beer, food and ample sitting indoor and outdoor. Clean bathrooms!I finally made it over to this place yesterday for lunch and goodness gracious it blew my socks off. I ordered the open faced chicken sandwich and shared the cheese fries (which was actually too much food for one sitting). Sandwich is a loose term. More like plate if gravy with chicken and a bit of toasted bread if you can find it. Deliciousness. The fries have four cheeses including gruyere, Gouda, Brie and American. Bartender was very knowledgeable and helpful with beer selections as well. A little pricey, but happy hour isn't bad.This place should be spelled H-I-P-S-T-E-R. and I think I like it!  Their staff is uber cool with an indie style, and they offer $3 Kennsingers which I enjoyed all evening.  Great whiskey selection (I mean, they ARE hipsters so that's expected) and a huge beer list. 
You know something they do pretty well that hasn't been noted? I think it's pretty challenging to keep a sardine bar from smelling fishy, but they do it. Just thought I would tell you. 
We ordered a huge bowl of fries with a delicious dipping sauce for $5 and it was enough for three people to share. Ok, we might have ordered another bowl too. It was enough for three sober people to share. 
They keep the music and lighting just right, and create a perfectly hip atmosphere. Check it out... but remember, I was there before it was cool.Food is great. Also astonishingly fast. Also service is great. Interior is great also. 
Honestly could maybe use a bigger menu but I hear it rotates frequently. 
They gave me free soda. Love it. Although I hate how at like every gastropub type bar the soda gun is so subpar. 
I had a couple delectable sardine sandwiches. Tried the bologna slider. Had the fried ribs (prob my favorite) and split the walt wit braised pork sandwich, which was a tad on the buttery side but still oh so good. 
Yeah go here. Its far as heck from me and went for a bday, but I'll make a point to come back.Enough reviews of this place online so I'll be brief: awesome food, awesome beer, awesome fries (probably my favorite in the city), awesome everything. Go here.Booze and sandwiches
Putting Point Breeze on the map
A neighborhood must
Got the chance to check out The Sardine a little before the opening, and damn am I glad there's an alternate bar in the Point Breeze area. Meaning an alternate to not going to a bar at all.
This place has an awesome atmosphere, very warm and inviting without the glow of a television bathing the whole room. The bar-length mirror reflects the candlelight as well as the street lights and really gives the place a friendly glow.
There are a few little accents in the room that really make the whole place feel accessible. The bar is huge, and there's standing room and small rail seats along the whole length of the windows, so plenty of room for any size group. The upstairs looks promising, and should mean the place won't be jammed to the rafters all the time.
The beer list is really well put together, with a good mix of local brews. I love talking about beer with people, and the fact that the list is numbered actually made it really easy to reference with out table. Something I hadn't considered previously but actually made a difference.
I'm giving the place 5 stars based on the ambiance, setup and beer alone. I can't wait to go back and try all the different sandwiches. It's a staple variety of food in my diet and the whole menu sounds really amazing. I didn't even notice that there's no burger until it was pointed out, because I was so focused on all the other delicious sounding items.
The Sardine really has an inviting neighborhood vibe. Couple that with a great selection on the booze and food, and you have a pretty spot on combination of what I'm looking for in a bar.I came here after a late flight to try their famous sandwiches. I ordered the sardine sandwich which was great but small. I wish they made a bigger more expensive version, but I guess you could order a bunch of small ones. I also had the artichoke cake sandwich. The sauce was great, great sauce and flavor, I wish the artichoke cake was a bit flakier/crispier and a little thicker. I got bites where I couldn't really taste the cake. But it was good nonetheless. Service was great, they kept asking to make sure I was ok. Sound and ambiance was laid back, laughter and chattering in the background with light tunes being played. Cool spot for a late night bite.Had heard of this place several times, but the tipping point where I knew I had to check it out came with an article in PhillyMag. During Restaurant Week, American Sardine Bar offers their "Restaurant Week Alternative," in which they were offering a $10 discount on your meal if you canceled a Restaurant Week reservation in favor of visiting ASB. 
During special occasions, apparently, there is a "Pittsburgh Cheesesteak" that varies depending upon the time of year and the occasion itself. This particular cheesesteak had aged NY strip, brie, roasted mushrooms, carmelized onions, and french fries with gravy on a seeded roll. It was a bit on the pricy side ($35), but it was enormous - my girlfriend and I split it as a meal. It was absolutely as good as it sounds.
The beer list is impressive, largely locally influenced. The peak hour pricing is pretty standard to a bit pricy, but the happy hour specials looked fantastic. Anything that isn't on draft is canned beer, a neat angle. I believe one of the happy hour specials included $8 growler fills. 
The rest of the menu was eclectic but appealing. Pickled eggs for $1 made great quick appetizers for us, but we'll be back to try the salt and pepper fries with dill pickle sauce, and we're still curious to see what exactly the Sloppy Jorjitos are. 
Our waitress was truly a delight. She explained the menu options very well and made the whole experience extremely enjoyable. She was knowledgeable and attentive without breathing down our necks throughout the meal. 
There's also a patio that might be fun in the summertime. Not sure how dining al fresco would be in that part of town, but the beer and the food certainly will satisfy!
We will be back and hopefully have more good things to say about this little hidden gem!Bar area is a little small but the bartenders/severs were friendly.  Plus the drink prices were very reasonable.  It has a neighborhood bar feel that a lot of people enjoy.  I would definitely go back.The first thing you see when you walk up to this corner bar at 18th and Federal in Point Breeze is a giant rusty sardine can dangling above the entrance; a curious sign strung about this tavern with the universal code: Hipster Place Here. But it's a much-welcomed addition to a neighborhood that needs a flow of business action. 
The food menu is skillfully limited as it sounds like they do everything well. The selection of microbrews and locally distilled spirits on the other hand is huge. I came with my brother and his girlfriend, and since he knows what I like (and don't like) in beer preferences, he was in charge of making the booze choices. 
I would call the signature culinary oeuvre here "sloppy indulgence." The onion rings, served with a delicious special sauce, were gigantic with a satisfying beer battered crunch. Eat them while they're hot! The falafel sandwich was yummy and massive; I ate half and a few bites before I was stuffed. The falafel rounds themselves were a little denser than I am normally used to but still exceptionally flavorful and stuffed inside freshly baked flatbread with cucumbers, tomatoes, roasted eggplant, and a spicy vegan tzatziki. Genius and delicious. My brother ended up eating my other half. 
Unlike most other gastro pubs, there are fresh vegetable offerings on the changing blackboard menu, from char-grilled broccoli to braised Brussels sprouts. From some research I discovered the unlikely potpourri of fresh herbs used in a number of the dishes comes from the garden plot in the rear of the bar. A kitchen garden in Point Breeze? Now we're cooking. 
American Sardine Bar is an excellent pub with delicious food, fun dcor, and has that cozy feeling of a place you'd love to spend more time at with close friends. Before this past weekend I had never been to Point Breeze; American Sardine Bar was good introduction and absolutely worth the trip.I've been here once for happy hour and had a great time. The happy hour specials are amazing. I think it was half off on some beers? Definitely not breaking the bank at this place. The beer list was also very extensive. There were a bunch of beers I had never heard of, and the bartender did a goo job of helping me find one I would like. The atmosphere was very relaxed, and I felt very comfortable. I could have stayed forever. Love this place.Man, my first time here was quite the doozy but I'll get to that later.
First off, I'm biased because this bar is a five minute walk for me, but I wouldn't mind walking 25 minutes to be completely honest. Very cozy downstairs and still retains that borderline dive-bar (albeit classy) atmosphere. The beer selection is rotating and always exceptional, and their citywide is my new favorite (Naragansett pounder + shot of Powers = $5 - sure, have some).
The food is terrific, too. Had fries, onion rings and a bangin-ass pulled pork sandwich. I hear from friends that pretty much everything is on-point foodwise.
Now, here's my real reason for loving this place: the jukebox incident. I appreciate any establishment that doesn't settle for those crappy internet jukeboxes where any schmo-hawk can request anything they want. No, no, I demand a bar show me their taste and give me a selection of hand-picked CDs. In this particular go-around, I made my usual selections and, to my delight, saw that they carry Suicide's self-titled '77 debut album ( a true classic!). 
Now, I decided to pick a song called "Frankie Teardrop" thinking it was their more upbeat song "Cheree". In actuality, "Frankie Teardrop" is a 10-minute long song about a father's descent into insanity. Needless to say by the time Alan Vega started his murderous screaming, the entire bar (filled with at least one elderly couple) was confused and probably a little scared. The bar quickly shut it off and the manager was apologizing to various patrons.
I was beyond embarrassed. I later apologized to our waiter and explained I thought I was picking "Cheree." He laughed and reassured me it was no big deal. However, he informed the manager that I was actually the one who picked the song and the manager ended up comping my most expensive drink simply for owning up to it.
This is when I knew that Sardine was safely on my favorite bars list. Just tread softly when you're at the jukebox.As soon as we left this place last night, my boyfriend said "It's like the Johnny Brenda's of South Philly... except with easier parking" and I think that's the perfect description of American Sardine Bar. It's kind of in the middle of nowhere, but that's how I feel about most places in that area. We headed over for a late dinner around 9pm and arrived to find the place packed. After standing for awhile at the bar and being ignored by the bartender for a few minutes, I went and flagged down a server to ask about a table. We had to wait about five minutes for a couple to leave so we could snag their spot, but that was fine. Said server became our waitress and she was fantastic- very friendly and on top of it.
We decided to split both the falafel sandwich and the patty melt "Pittsburgh style" and some fries. The falafel was quite good- better than some bars (Prohibition), but probably not quite as good as some others (Johnny Brenda's). The flatbread that was face-down on the plate got a bit soggy, but all the flavors were good. The patty melt was on rye and it was a-ok. I wished we had gotten the Walt Wit braised pork, but this sandwich was still good. True to its name, it was stuffed with french fries and cole slaw. It was a bit greasy, but I really liked the fries here. Unfortunately, that sandwich sits at $15, which is the most expensive one on the menu. I don't think it tasted like $15, especially since it comes with nothing else, but oh well. I ended up with a canned cider followed by a beer and both were really good. Their beer selection is awesome. Overall, I would definitely come back, but I feel like this is another Philly bar with cool ambiance, good service, and slightly overpriced, but yummy food. Too bad this place isn't a music venue too...Of the Philly bars I've been to since moving, this is solidly #2 behind Sidecar.
It's a cute little bar that my roommates love, so I frequent and every time it grows on me a little more. To be honest, making the Eater 38 for Philly has made me rethink my initial impression. The ever-changing menu and beers can be exciting or annoying, depending on what you're looking for. 
Last time I got the open-faced chicken sandwich, which was very good, but needed to be eaten with a fork and knife, no way around it.
Love the sign out front, nice touch.I like this place mostly because of the interesting food and happy hour prices.  My favorite item is the savory pork French toast, it's worth the $14 price tag.As I commented to my dining companion, its just so difficult to find good grilled cheese in this city . . . . I loved my grilled cheese at American Sardine Bar.  Paired with the SouthHampton Biere de Mars, and topped with an egg, it made for a delicious brunch.  I think this is definitely a spot to add to the brunch rotation.  Our server was also so so friendly.  Overall, a great new opening!I came here twice within a week.  This is unheard of for me.  The second time I was here, I declared "our new go to spot".  I didn't have an old go to spot.  
So far, I've had (or tried someone else's):
-Shrimp torta: good, however drippy messy
-Sardine sliders: good, I wish it was a whole sandwich but perhaps the small size is to leave you wanting more and not being overwhelmed by too much sardines.
-Salt and Pepper fries:  At first you wonder what's special.  By the bottom of the bowl, you wonder how you finished it all so quickly
-Open Face chicken sandwich: nice and hearty
-Fried PB&J: Hell yeah
-Falafel: surprisingly big.  I'd get it again.
-Mom's tomato macaroni side:  I could probably just eat this as a main
-Tomato soup: Not your bisque kind but a nice chunky puree of tomatoes.  I prefer this
Other people had but I didn't try:
- Pork Belly Sandwich
-Short Rib Sandwich
It's one of those places you hope do well but at the same time, you hope not too many people find out about it.  Their prices are great, the portions are huge, the place is cute and cozy, there's plenty of parking, and the beer selection is exceptional.  
After writing this review, I foresee a third visit within the week.It's a chill place to hang out. The staff is friendly and the drink prices aren't bad. I didn't try the food but it looked great. The customers are mostly hipsters and chads but there's a sprinkle of normal folk in there too.Went last night with a large group. Chilled inside with some beers till an outside table was available. The beautiful weather and the atmosphere were great. Service was awesome... but the food... WOW. Fries and pickle sauce, Pittsburgh cheesesteak and a roasted pork sandwich with ricotta and avocado were the things I got to try and they were all amazing. Cheers ASB!Good food. Lots of beer. Yayyy. 
Anchovie sandwiches.  Stout braised short rib sandwiches. Gigantic beer battered onion rings. A multitude of beer options. Though this place doesn't look like much, the food is pretty nice quality and the beer selection is solid. Prices aren't bad but not cheap. 
This one is a gem. Cheers.Hipster bullshit.
Yes, the sardines were pretty good. Duck cubano was *atrocious* - poor balance of flavors, and the oil they used was actually rancid. There's no excuse for that.
The server was utterly unhelpful, they have no menus which forces you to try to squint awkwardly over someone's table at a chalkboard, and the menu fails to describe the food (it's just a list). 
Wish it would have been better because the outside looks so inviting and it's a neighborhood place. But, I'd never go back. It was a joke of a restaurant.We came here for lunch and had the potato and mushroom pamboza and roasted open faced chicken sandwich.  The pamboza was a little too spicy for me (I can tolerate low-medium heat), but the flavor was good.  My husband loved the open faced sandwich.  Great beer selection, nice clean place with friendly service.  It was easy to park.  Next time I'll try the sardine sandwich.Okay, so disregard my initial four star review, because I'm officially obsessed with this place. 
The food here doesn't get any better. The menu is always changing, and you're guaranteed to be over the moon no matter the dish you choose. Hands down - best onion rings I've ever eaten. They're crunchy, golden, melty, and delicious. Probably one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.
The outdoor seating area is perfect for  sunny days and happy hours, and everyone who works and dines here is so genuinely nice. 
South Philly might just be my new hang.American Sardine Bar is a delight. I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal there. Last night I ordered the spaghetti sandwich and the onions rings. The onions rings are a must have but the spaghetti sandwich is everything you get out having spaghetti with garlic bread. Not to mention they now have outdoor seating and the staff is very friendly.Sardine bar is quickly becoming my favorite bar south of Market.  The sardine ale is good and always $4.  The menu is continually evolving, and takes standard pub fare to a new level.  Service is always great, and the beer list offers a number of excellent choices.  To top it off, the outdoor space is the perfect spot to hang out on a nice summer evening.2 beers + 1 sardine* order = $7.66
No my math is not wrong and no I am not crazy.  You are crazy!  Crazy for not going to ASB's happy hour every day (M-F 4-6, Sa & Su 11-1).  Half priced cans.  Half priced selection of food.  Ahhhmazing.
*If you are like me, you think sardines are teeny teeny tiny.  You are wrong.  ASB is the land of huge sardines.  No, not like tuna fish huge, but like sardines on steroids huge.  Who knew???UPDATE:
It's been a while so I figured I would update the review.
ASB has really come into its own over the past year or so.
They opened a very nice outdoor patio/garden dining area so they have radically expanded the size of the space.
Many dishes here have joined my Philly favorites list.
They have a "thing" were they make versions of famous sandwiches but ASB's totally destroy the originals.
So, for example, they do a fish sandwich which features the same elements as a McD's filet o fish, but all the ingredients are fresh and high quality and it's awesome.
They have veggie.vegan stuff which is amazing, example: kale and white bean soup.
The old favorites maintain their appeal and high quality, this place still has the best god damn onion rings on the planet.
stuff is still seasonal, so even though their brussels sprouts are amazing you aren't getting them unless they are growing somewhere close.
ASB is a great bar and restaurant, and only the fact that it is located across the city from my hood keeps me from being more of a regular there.Vegetarian and meat-eater friendly. Everything was super delicious.  Great bloody mary, amazing fresh squeezed screw driver, and a fantastic beer list.  I've only been for brunch and I can't wait to try dinner!Stopped by opening night of beer week for the Cut the Cheese with Ommegang event. Cheese plate paired with an excellent beer...yes please. Nice to run into their representative Megan who we met at the Elite event at Wedge and Fig. Also sampled the requisite Sardine Sandwich and the most bomb of all Shrimp Torte. All so good and we got to keep the glass. Looking forward to our next visit.Best in Philly, period.
Never gets old.  
Changing menu w/ creative dishes.
Great service.Great Beer Selection and intimate upstairs.  When outdoor area is open - take advantage. Service always performs, whether a Group of 5 @ 5 or 12 @ 12. Food is worth the comfort side affects it has on your diet while simultaneously being friendly on the wallet. 
Simply put, this place is the only reason I ever fathom traveling to Point Breeze.Great drink options but the food is rarely on point. Tends to be under seasoned. 
The outside seating is great though and the can selection is one of the better in the city.Perfect for beer aficionados, after work drinks with buddies and date nights! The menu changes often so it keeps you coming back. The food is always great! The Pittsburgh sandwich, Bologna sliders, falafel sandwich, fried chicken,  jack Bosch grilled cheese and fried pb&j are fantastic. Don't leave without ordering the salt & pepper fries and house made onion rings. Cool industrial decor inside with an upstairs to hang out as well as an outdoor space when it gets nice out.American Sardine Bar is like that cool 12th grader you want to be friends with, but you're a junior: you can be accepted but never totally fit in. That is to say that since it's a bit off the beaten path, cheap, and even hotter than before thanks to the Layover, it's full of young, neighborhood hipsters who are nice enough but aren't necessarily letting you into their club just yet. Regardless of the crowd, this spot serves up tasty, well-made food with lots of flavor and love. The sardines were a huge hit at our table--we had them all. Each had it's own flavor, taste, and preparation, which led to four very different and tasty dishes. Then I had the patty melt, which I've been dreaming about ever since. It's only cooked one way (their way) with American and Swiss and perhaps a sprinkle of crack. The onion rings were huge and deep fried and the perfect hangover cure. My friends had the falafel, the filet-o-fish, and the open-faced chicken. We all left full and smiling. And full of good beer.This hipster joint in the heart of point breeze is worth all the hype.  Fred, Bonnie and Ryan are the best servers in the city.  Helpful, friendly, and knowledgable staff.  The beer list is stellar, the food is elevated pub fare that is great for a date night out, or a saturday afternoon.   My all time favorite dish is for brunch on Sundays.  Breakfast fries.  French fries covered in marinated onions and tabasco, sausage gravy, hollandaise, 1fried egg and two strips of bacon.  Love it!I want to so badly make this my local bar.   I live a block away, but every time I come in the bartender is pissy and doesn't make me feel welcomed at all. Service is slow and they just aren't friendly.   It's too badGo for the bar, not the food.  I had been once before for drinks and it is clean and great when their big windows are open.  
However, last night I was looking forward to the gastropub food menu but unfortunately left unsatisfied.  We started with a fried sardine, not the small ones you may be thinking of.  I like fish but wasn't crazy about it, but I think that is more of a personal preference. 
Then I ordered the falafel sandwich and was it was more dry than the Sahara Desert.  I was so disappointed with the tasteless dry falafel that I only had one out of the five that come with it.  The sandwich was huge, the pita and sauce and cucumber salad were good, but the sandwich was named after the worst part.
My boyfriend had the fried chicken sandwich which was good, but was a little too salty to eat the entire thing.
Overall, nice bar to grab drinks but the food is too expensive to not deliver quality taste.I've been here many times. I've never had good service. Not once. Usually I'm just annoyed. Tonight I actually sent food back, because it was awful and tasted like pure grease and nothing else, and ordered something else and was charged for both. They have a semi decent beer selection. Sometimes. That's the best I can say. I feel like anyone in the service industry should respect that sending back a full dish and ordering something else means it wasn't edible. At least ask. Don't make me insult the chef/cook and whine about it. I won't eat here again or recommend it to anyone for food. I don't yelp. The service was bad.Love this place, service really can suffer especially at the bar. Constantly on their phonesSometimes there are moments in your life when everything is just perfect and my afternoon at American Sardine Bar was one of those moments. 
I know it is bad form to be sappy about a bar that is so cool.  There goes my street cred.  I don't care though - this place is the bomb.com (I figured I would further dig myself into this newb hole I started).
As a one-time resident of Michigan, I have a special place in my heart for Bell's brews.  ASB has a bunch on tap and I was a happy camper ordering a Bell's Oarsman Ale draft. 
The back patio is really the perfect place to spend a morning, night, or all day.  I can't stop thinking about going back.stopped in for a late lunch and drinks with friends over the weekend. they were hit hard for brunch so were out of a lot of items. not very vegetarian friendly, i was only able to order sides which makes the cost add up. the drinks and onion rings were the best! grilled cheese was average. if you're into trying new foods, this is a great place to go!