Had been wanting to come here for a while, since I won't pay Vetri prices for food, and loved the pizza at Osteria. We were a bit diappointed, though. This was New Year's Day at 6pm, so the place was pretty empty. Service was fast and courteous and helpful. Somehow though, it was loud. And though the music wasn't loud, it was classic rock. I'm a fan, but it in no way fits here. Perhaps it's the play between the bar and the restaurant atmosphere mixing in a small space?
Anyway, the food:
Swordfish meatballs - excellent
Striped bass crudo - good
Rotini with wild boar ragu and pears - very good
squid ink linguine - good
We expected excellent all aorund, but the prices were in line with the quality. We'll have to try again to give it another chance.We live next door, just moved here and thought we would give Ami's a try for Sunday brunch. I had the hazelnut, maple waffle and my husband had the scrapple with sunny side up eggs. We also had a Bloody Mary and mimosa. Every bite was delicious and the cocktails were superb! We enjoyed the sidewalk table and had excellent service. Looking forward to bringing our friends here!Amis was possibly the best meal ive had in the city in a very long time. It was so good because every aspect of the experience was spectacular. We wanted to try everything because it was so hard to choose just one or two things. So we got about three different appetizers, three anit-pastas, two pasta dishes and two desserts.  That's the way to go!  The veal tongue and octopus were incredible. The papparadell was aldente and melted in your mouth. We got two caraffes of red wine and I topped the night off with a hazelnut chocolate tartufo and a macchiato.  Our bill was so reasonable. I got out of there well under $75 with tip per person.... $75 for all that food!  Our only complaint was our server rushed us a bit. We sat at 8:00 or so and we wanted to sit and relax and enjoy. We let her know we'd be ordering a little at a time because we wanted taste, then decide on our next dish. She was a little put off by that and told us they were busy and we should order all at once. She was very nice about it however, we weren't going to be rushed.  To her dismay we ignored that suggestion and ordered bits at a time anyway.  All in all it was sinfully delicious food and wine, great friends and perfect ambiance to enjoy the perfect company in.I really can't complain about any of the food I had or service I got on the night I came here. When I saw that the average rating was only four stars, I was expecting a good but not great meal. Luckily, I can say I truly did get a great meal. 
To start they have a small but well curated selection of local craft beer, so I indulged in a brew from Free Will brewing, which I rarely see on tap. The restaurant was also taking part in Negroni Week when I went, so I snagged some sips of my fiance's drink. It was stiff and very well made made. Honestly based on the ambiance I would say you could come here just for a drink, but you should definitely stay for the food. 
For a starter I had one of their meatballs (Sal's old school meatballs that is), and it was quite tasty. The texture was interesting and the flavors cohesive. When it came to picking a main course I was a bit stumped, since everything sounded good, but their special sounded like a good choice. It was a beef cheek ragu, and let me tell you, it was amazing. The beef cheek was cooked to perfection and nearly melted in my mouth. There were cherries in the ragu which added a lovely tart note to the whole dish, and gave it a somewhat less heavy flavor. I wish it were not a special because I might order it every time! In addition I also got to sample some cacio e pepe, which was equally flavorful despite it's simple ingredients. All the pasta was nicely cooked, a true treat and something you can't always take for granted at Italian restaurants. 
This is the point where I talk about what was possibly the best part of the meal; desserts. I ordered the tartufo al bacio and was not disappointed. It was extremely rich but very enjoyable. While the overwhelming flavor of the dish was chocolate the cherries and hazelnuts were what turned this into a phenomenal dish. The taste was perfect, the texture was perfect and the fact that I wanted more was a good sign. Another one of my dining partners raved about his dish, the olive oil cake, and I snagged a taste of it. Let me tell you, this olive oil cake is unique and delicious. The cake itself has a nice chew to it, and the sauces and cream combine nicely to make one perfect bite. It's not too sweet, so those who don't like desserts might actually really like this dish.
Overall I was impressed with my trip to Amis. There was nothing to be left desired and I enjoyed every bit of food placed in front of me. With my closing thoughts I will say that the uniforms the servers wear are a bit odd; their car mechanic shirts are more reminiscent of a gas station than an upscale restaurant. I would implore management to reconsider this choice. Then again, it is just a uniform, and neither the service nor food suffered because of it. I hope to be back.Food: 3.5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Recommendations:  I would recommend starting off with a combination of the bruschetta and salumi for appetizer. The 'imported bufala ricotta and black pepper' is a must have.  The whipped ricotta is so smooth and creamy; it literally melts in your mouth.   The 'mixed salumi' plate is a great addition to the ricotta.  The variety and quality of the salumi is excellent.
The main courses unfortunately did not match the quality of the appetizers.  The initial pasta we ordered was the 'spinach pasta with sausage'.  It definitely was the better of the 3 main courses.  The pasta was very fresh but the sauce was a little flat. The 'gnocchi alla romana with oxtail ragu' was far too salty as was the "mixed seafood grill' secondi.  My girlfriend who enjoys food on the saltier side was overwhelmed by the amount of salt used in the dishes.
Overall, we had a great time at the restaurant.  The ambiance is great and the service is wonderful too.  The general consensus was that the food did not meet all the initial hype and expectations.  I'm not sure if we will return for another dining experience.
Overall: 3.5 starsAmis is quickly becoming my favorite Italian in the city.  I need to keep coming back to try new things, as well as revisit my old favorites.  The cacio e pepe is outstanding. Swordfish meatballs are as good as everyone says.  Squid ink pasta? Yes!  
Service is always spot on.I have been to Amis twice now and was disappointed both times. While the atmosphere and service are great, they can't make up for the obscenely small portions and obscenely high prices. The menu is deceiving because everything is priced $10-25; but it takes about 2 of their "entree-sized" dishes or 4 of their "lighter bite" dishes per person to give you the sense of having actually eaten dinner. Add on a few drinks, and there is no way you're having dinner for two for under $130 there (and you'll still probably go home and break out the cereal). I hate leaving a restaurant feeling ripped off, but that's exactly how I felt both times I left Amis.Very unhealthy menu and very unaccommodating
in response to a request for healthier versions of
their entrees or vegetarian selections generally.Outstanding food and service. Depending on where you sit you could be very cramped.  Very loud the evening we were there.I was really looking forward to our meal here, especially after they were rated so highly in Philadelphia magazine.  Unfortunately, it was a complete disappointment.  The only positive thing I can say is that the restaurant has a good vibe.  But I've had much better italian food at our local bar.  For our entrees, we had the gnocchi with ox tail and the papardelle with veal ragu.  Both were fairly bland stew over a bland starch.  Honestly, nothing stood out here.  And they rushed us through the entire meal.  Apps through dessert in 75 minutes.  When I tried to slow down, they just brought another course.  One last bit of annoyance - the waitstaff had obviously all been instructed to recite the same cheesey lines such as "the artichoke sells out by 8:30" and "the tiramisu has been haunting my dreams" which we heard repeatedly from several servers.  This isn't Fridays people.I've been here a few times and always had a wonderful meal.  The things they do with cauliflower and brussels sprouts!  Fantastic atmosphere.  Good beer selection.  The staff are friendly and informed on all the menu items.My girlfriend and I returned to Amis for a second time after a late summer dinner that we enjoyed heartily. Our server, knowing that I was vegetarian, and my girlfriend was vegetarian-leaning, suggested we return for a Meatless Monday tasting menu. 
After securing a reservation on OpenTable (100 points, y'all!) we returned this past Monday evening. Soon after being seated, we found out that they have stopped their Meatless Monday promotion. We were saddened to hear this, but our waiter kindly offered to check with the Chef to see if he could accommodate; luckily, Chef was more than happy to help. 
We received imaginative, off-menu items that were delicious. We received 3 courses -- an appetizer, a pasta dish and a dessert. This was the best meal we have eaten in a while and would return again. Amis took care of us (Chef/Server[s]/etc.). We'll be more than happy when it is time to return for another wonderful meal.I've been coming to Amis for 7yrs. It's been one of my all time favorite philly restaurants. I moved two years ago but when even I travel back I come straight here for a granita and their delicious small plates. I've never had anything less than excellent. Everything has always been executed perfectly...until today. Sadly I was so disappointed. First they no longer had my beloved granita, the icy mulled wine in prosecco that I crave, then the pecorino with honey wasn't nearly the quality, nor was it gooey and melted the same with the crispy edges it had always had previously. Even their signature pasta didn't taste the same.  I had a great time and the service was suburb....But in a city where food is excellent you can't have less than  average nights especially at these prices.SO Good! Julianna and I had one of the better meals of our lives tonight! The rabbit antipasti was absolutely amazing! We also had the fresh mozza, sweet bread, mortadella moose, strip steak, lamb ragu, and jalapeño pasta. We finished it off with the Belgium waffle, Nutella, and ice cream. Everything was absolutely perfect! The service was especially great too. We really enjoyed donating $ towards helping kids eat healthy, and Amis matched which is really cool!The food, atmosphere and service were all great at Amis but even at a late dinner (9:30 on a Friday) the restaurant was just too loud. I could barely hear the person I was with or the waiter. If they figured out a way to better the acoustics, this place would definitely get a 5 as the swordfish meatballs, duck and peach special, flank steak and tiramisu were all delicious.This is my favorite Vetri experience to date.
Prices aren't bad, food tastes great, mostly smaller sized plates for sharing and trying multiple dishes.
Amis is on my list for a return trip.When the waiter was cleaning the crumbs from our table I asked him to put them in a to go box. Another fabulous restaurant by Mark Vetri. Great service and fantastic food. Olive oil bread basket was incredible. Tuna croquettes were these wonderful little balls of savory delicious tuna. The pecorino and pepper pasta....NEEDED MORE! Savored EVERY bite! Bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto is as good as it gets!  No dessert since we were stuffed by all the food we ate!Meh is what it says when you give a restaurant a two star rating here, and meh is exactly how I felt upon walking out after my meal.  Don't get me wrong, the food was wonderful, a real treat and a luscious throw back to the best trattorias of southern Italy. And I'm really not a complainer when it comes to restaurants, but my experience made me want to take the time and sit to write a review. 
The overall experience fell well short of the expectations we have of the the top restauranteurs in this city.  The service was mediocre at best.  Most of the staff left me with the feeling they were "overtrained" to be nice.  I like a more relaxed natural discourse with the staff than that especially in this type setting.  The waiter was confusing in explaining the menu, eventually admitting there were no special.  It was just that the menu had recently and completely changed.  The bus boy whisked a dish away without first asking.  I really wanted some more of that sauce on my arancina oopss...too late.  He never bothered asking if I was done before grabbing the dish.  
Also Marc, and I know you and your staff read these reviews, would it kill you to put more than one amarena cherry in the tartufo?  I know they're a little pricey, but often people want to share desserts.  It would be nice for each person to get a full effect of the flavors the  chef intended.  Especially since the menu says cherries (plural). After touting the flavorgasm of amarena cherries to my significant other, upon finally finding one and digging through the rest of my tartufo  it was "Oh sorry honey, I had the only one they put in the dessert.  And jury's still out on that bread.  I'm pretty sure I can bake the same thing in my bread baker and the recipe that came with it now that I know to just add sea salt on top.  And salt does seem to be a common flavor which stands out in most of the dishes.  Particularly the pasta.
The ambiance was very nice, but rather loud if you like conversation that's especially personal in nature given the next tables are five inches away from your elbow.  I did enjoy hearing about the sex life of the two energetic young ladies at the table next to ours though.  The four of us decided we're going out together next week to try a Garcas restaurant.  Thanks Marc!
Seriously, it's quite a shame when the food is this good that so many other things seemingly have fallen through the cracks.Very good food and reasonably priced for quality of food. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Pasta dishes were impressive and swordfish meatballs were nice treat. Not sure food lives up to acclaim of restaurant, but still a good dining experience. Only real complaint was the LOUD rock music playing in background. No idea why it's necessary.Giving 3 stars to a Vetri restaurant seems like sacrilege, but I had an equal amount of hits and amísses.  
The olive oil bread basket is absolutely ridiculous (if you typically skip the bread, try this and try to each just one - good luck).  After analyzing the menu and pointing out all of the recommendations, we went with the following:
- chicken liver toscani: ever since I had and loved the chicken liver at The Spotted Pig (NYC), I haven't been able to find it as good anywhere else.  The streak continues....
- baked pecorino with almond honey: absolutely amazing.  I took more than more portion, ordered it again, and took more than my portion again (it was so good, I didn't care about the social repercussions). 
- Sal's old school meatballs with tomato potato: all parts of this appetizer were delicious - the meatballs, the sauce, and the 'tomato potato'. 
- grilled veal tongue with pepper mostarda: I had high hopes and it was just ok (nothing memorable). 
- tonnarelli "cacio e pepe" with pecorino and black pepper: I was distracted by the overcooked pasta (I didn't finish my plate which is rare)
- polenta with brown butter: it was bland. I was expecting sweetness from the brown butter, but all it seemed to do was make a brown ring around the polenta.  
- spagetti squash with pork jowl and pecorino: I was strategically taking spoonfuls of the pork jowl (and you'll do the same) - wow.We've had dinner and brunch here. Very creative menu with offerings made from fresh ingredients that taste great. Highly recommend this place!Went here for valentine's day.  Had a lot of small dishes, including:
Baked pecorino cheese with almond honey (appetizer) - really really good, lots of melted cheese
Root vegetable salad - so so, probably should have skipped it
Mussels - in Romanesco sauce, with awesome bread for soaking up the sauce
Rotini with black trumpet mushrooms - Amazing.
Salted butter gelato waffle pizzele - enormous and worth going back just for that.  Best thing we had.
Bottle of Cava - always good
Service was pretty attentive and professional.  They also have chef's table style seats facing the kitchen, which  might be cool to check out next time.We went here last Wednesday evening when we couldn't get a reservation anywhere else close to our hotel. We sat at the "chef's table," which was similar to a table you would find at a sushi bar, where we watched the incredible kitchen crew rapidly prepare and plate complex dishes for the entire restaurant. The restaurant was incredibly loud, and entertainment from the kitchen staff was key to allowing us to enjoy dinner without feeling the need to scream at each other to be heard. Do -not- go here if you're looking for a nice place to eat and have a quiet conversation! The music in the restaurant is booming, and so all the diners have to take it up a notch to talk.
Our food was good, but not outstanding, but what really made our evening was the amazing waiter who was, by far, the best waiter I've ever encountered. I wish I could remember his name, but what made him so great is that he was extremely attentive, very friendly, casual when the situation warranted, and knew the menu inside and out. I noted that he should quit his job and develop a school for waiters because this guy was top notch.
Summary: Good food, LOUD atmosphere, outstanding service.My expectations were high and they were not  met. I ordered the polenta and it was BLAND. I also had  2 pasta dishes the gnocchi and cannelloni, both were very average. For dessert the waffle w ice cream was good, that was probably the best dish. The service was great  but the food was very average and overpriced. I dont think I would go back to eat .Had the bucatini pasta with jalapeno and almond pesto. fantastic! Well worth the price. 
I have now been here three times and the restaurant has never disappointed.  My wife said the pork chop parmesan was 'to die for'.
Tonight we actually had some space for dessert and the chocolate tartufo. amazing! even if you come just for this dessert, it is well worth it.Awesome food. Well prepared with fresh ingredients. 
Mortadella with Hazelnut and Honey was awesome, a great combination of flavors.
Bucatini with cheese was very good, pasta is fresh and cooked perfectly. 
My only regret is I wasn't hungrier so I could have eaten moreHad a great meal with the family at Amis. If you're looking for a more quiet & relaxing experience, definitely choose a table outside! It was nice to be able to hear each other talk. All of the food we had was delicious -- the eggplant caponata, pecorino with almond honey, duck pasta special, and Mom Mom's rice pudding being a few standouts. Beer is reasonably priced and they have a good variety on draft. My mom and brother really loved the peach cocktail. Service is friendly and Mr. Marc Vetri himself even stopped by to refill our waters and make sure we were having a nice time.On a quiet part of 13th Street, Amis is bustling once you arrive inside. I came as a part of Philly Wine Week. Even with a reservation, our table wasn't ready right away. (I saw a couple people being seated with drinks already, and I'm pretty sure that's just what they say to get you to wait at the bar first.)
After looking at the wine flight on special: four 3oz pours of limited/bottle-only wines for $55, we decided to split a tasting to see if any of them stood out enough to order a full glass. That was definitely the way to go because we ended up liking two, indifferent on one, and really disliked one; so we were glad to not be stuck with expensive wines we didn't love. We ended up just ordering a carafe of the house wine instead of something fancy after that.
For dinner, we started with swordfish meatballs and calamari. Both appetizers were delicious. The meatballs were so tender and flavorful, served atop creamy polenta. The calamari was also tender, not chewy, fried with jalapenos. For the main dishes, I got the chicken alla diablo with a chili oil and spicy cherry peppers. The chicken was cooked very nicely and was juicy. I usually don't get chicken at restaurants but it's just what I was in the mood for, and I wasn't disappointed. My date got the lamb shoulder, which was served an odd fashion. It was pressed flat and thing with a crisp crust on it. While my bite was fine, I felt like it tasted drier than it needed to. Served with cubes of potatoes, it was just a slightly underwhelming dish. 
On that note, we decided to skip dessert. Plus, nothing really stood out. There were a lot of other appetizers and the pastas that definitely seemed worth coming back to try. Someone also mentioned a good brunch menu.So I had quite the unique experience here. I'm contemplating on changing this review to a 3 star (I decided 4 star because I'm feeling generous right now)
My friend and I went on a walk on Sunday morning and passed this place and decided to have brunch - it had only opened a couple of minutes before we decided so we were literally the first customers of the day. They were setting up inside so we decided to eat outside (they have about 4-5 tables outside) to stay out of their way - we thought we were being nice and doing them a favor. I ordered orange juice to drink and it came out right away (as expected).Since we were on a walk, I had to use the restroom before ordering my meal so I went inside. I was in the stall doing my business (sorry, too much information maybe) when two frustrated waitresses came into the bathroom talking about how annoying my friend and I were because we showed up to eat right when they opened. One of the girls literally verbalized, "What bitches! How rude to just show up like 5 minutes after this place opens! No one does that! I'm so annoyed and I want them to leave!" 
I had never felt so awkward in my life!! I literally sat in the stall until they left - it was terrible!  Now that I think about it, I should have walked out and been like I heard that!! 
I ran outside and told my friend what had happened to contemplate if we should leave or not and she said she had just ordered for us. We decided to stay and eat - we didn't want to be even more of a burden than we were (apparently). 
So back to my rating of this place - the ONLY reason I rated this place a 4 star is because of the food. The hazelnut waffle was AMAZING. I would eat it for breakfast every single day if I could. My friend didn't enjoy her breakfast chorizo though. 
Overall, I didn't enjoy my experience here because of the awkward and unwanted feelings my friend and I had. If a restaurant says its open, they should be happily serving... even if it is 5- 10 minutes right after. I don't know if I would come back here again - depends on how much I am craving that waffle and on how confident I am to go back hahahI loved the beautiful, charming and romantic space at Amis, as well as the innovative small plates here that were completely new to me and a delight to my tastebuds. We were warmly greeted and immediately seated, and our waiter was helpful without being a constant interruption. I enjoyed an Old Fashioned type cocktail that was wonderful and reasonably priced at $10. My friend and I then ordered a number of small plate combinations to experience the diverse menu. We began with the swordfish meatballs and the toast with almond honey butter (which also includes cheese I think), then ventured on to the Arancini and fried cauliflower with pecorino and salsa rossa. By far, our favorite was he cauliflower with the meatballs a close second. I'm disappointed that I didn't get to try the bufalo ricotta bruschetta, as it is a favorite of my friend and raved about a lot here on Yelp. We avoided dessert, but the tiramisu looked extraordinary. This is a great Vetri choice in downtown. At the same time, and I look forward to more experiments with Amis in the future.LOVED it.  The buccatini all' amtriciana is quite possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The arancini made me swoon and the grilled smoked mozz with pickled veggies was heavenly.  The wine, ambiance and service rounded out the evening.  
Amis has a cozy setting that's quieter than Osteria yet more attainable than Vetri.  You can dress up or dress down, spend a lot or a little, but either way you go.. you'll have a fantastic time.Absolutely love Amis. It's the only restaurant that has my favorite dish cacio e pepe & it's delish! They have a menu that changes seasonally. Tonight we had the bucatini and the fettucini with corn. So sweet and a perfect summer dish. Great atmosphere and vibe.I would definitely expect more from a Vetri establishment.  Alas, Amis just did not meet my expectations at all.  First, it took about 15 minutes just to get a drink and bread on our table.  Then we ordered appetizers and found everything to be greasy/oily and simply not that good.  The best thing we tried was the swordfish meatballs.  We had one pasta--the chestnut duck; you know that it's bad when you think that you would have been better off having frozen store bought pasta vs fresh VETRI pasta.  Yeah, it was that bad.  It was goopy and the noodles had an odd consistency.  One dessert we had was the saving grace of the meal: the nutella waffle was very well done except that only half the waffle was covered in nutella.  Otherwise, it was a tasty dessert.  
Moreover, the service was pretty atrocious.  We were ignored for very long stretches of time.  We had about 3 different waiters so none of them could remember what we had already ordered.  It was very haphazard.  
I definitely would not return to Amis.  I would much rather go to Osteria or Vetri.Oh my god!!!!!! Food is excellent (highly recommend bucatini) but the service out shine above it all. The best restraint service experience I've ever had in the past decades of many restaurant service. 
Thanks to the amazing shied Drew and great server Diana. We will be back with more friends and family. 
Just go there and it would be the best time you would ever have.Came here for dinner with my friend this past weekend and we both absolutely loved it! 
To begin with my friend and I both wanted to order a bottle of wine. She wanted a white and I wanted a rose. The waitress helped us pick one that was a happy medium for both of us. It was absolutely delicious! It was sweet without being overly sweet and had a nice pineapple note to it. 
For the appetizer round we ordered the buffalo mozzarella with marinated eggplant and chili's. It was absolutely delicious. The marinated eggplant was just the right amount of tangy and the chilis gave it a slight kick without being too spicy.  The cheese was perfect as well. Honestly, we could have had an entire dinner of just this. 
The entree round was a little more difficult to decide because everything looked so good. Our waitress helped us out here again by suggesting two incredible dishes based on our preferences. I ended up getting the fettuccine with charred corn and scallions and my friend went for the classic cacio e pepe. The fettuccine was wonderfully cooked and corn sauce with charred corn was sweet without being overbearing. It all harmonized well. The cacio e pepe was good and what you would normally expect. 
For desert I wanted something chocolate and my friend wanted tiramisu. When we couldn't decide our waitress brought out tiramisu for my friend and chocolate gelato for me with a candle on it because she saw on my ID that my birthday had passed recently. The tiramisu has wonderful flavors but at that point my friend and I were so full we couldn't finish it. 
All in all my friend and I were more then happy with the service and loved all the dishes we ordered. I will definitely be coming back here again. And shout out to our amazing waitress who made the experience so pleasant.I really didn't get the hype of this place and was essentially disappointed after having read the rave reviews.  Makes me think trendy metro Philadelphian diners live on boxed mac and cheese except when they eat here.  The menu is eclectic to say the least. So over-the-top eclectic that deciding on something was just to pick a few things and hope for the best.  Low lighting is usually a good sign that the dishes are not eye appealing and of course  they were all mega-petite as well. The salumni, -- the terrine was the better part of it but if not for the sauces, nothing amazing. The baked pecorino with honey was a cup with a half-inch of melted cheese at the bottom. The squid salad had no flavor. The swordfish meatballs were good (not for everyone's palate) but the polenta did not match and was bland as hell. Fried cauliflower, again nothing to write home about. From the entrees, our server, who was very gracious but lacked table-side personality, recommended the chicken sausage.  Really, this reminded me of the turkey sausage patties at the breakfast buffet, gnarly and salty, and served over the once-again bland brown polenta. Four over-salted scallops for $24; not fried, but seriously charred salty brussels sprouts; my friend who loves whole fish was not impressed with the bone-laden, flesh-lacking Dorado and the thin pork chop was similar to what one gets from using Shake n' Bake.  Perhaps a home-made pasta dish would have brought redemption but we didn't try any. Semi-fredo with chopped fruit and chocolate sauce is a mix of odd texture and taste that obliterates the smoothness.  By 7pm, the noise level was so aggravating.  If this was Italian fusion, it doesn't work and we wondered why an Italian restaurant has a French name, but moreso, when I drop over $300 on dinner (only because few of us had cocktails), I expect to be wowed. Not the case here. Apparently the celebrity Vetri name no longer needs to prove quality.  Eating a name?  Maybe for some, not for me.We indulged for an evening of deserts and drinks at Amis. This was another favorite of our hosts, so we were excited. I don't remember what everyone ordered, but the twin and I shared the Belgian style waffle with Nutella. The The waffle was topped with vanilla semifreddo and toasted hazelnuts. Semifreddo is a frozen cream or custard, almost like ice cream. My  first bite into the fluffy warm waffle, laced with melting sweet cream and Nutella was simply heavenly. I have no other words to describe it. It was fantastic and our entire group loved it! I ate it so slow to savor every moment with each bite.
Aside from the heavenly waffle, I really enjoyed being there. Very casual and definitely a great atmosphere. Drinks were reasonably priced as well.
I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.I've been meaning to review this place for a long time.  This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The atmosphere is great: laid back and casual, but rustic and trendy.  
The food never disappoints.  I highly recommend the baked pecorino - it's the perfect mix of sweet, salty, and nutty.  The bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto is also a "go to" dish for us.  Otherwise, I recommend trying whatever is on special, because it's always awesome.  They also have a nice selection of wine and a few craft Italian beers (bonus points).
Where this place really shines, though, is in the service.  Servers are knowledgeable, friendly, and honest.  If you ask how much food to order, they will tell you the right amount without trying to "oversell" you.
Overall, I highly recommend Amis for simple, rustic Italian cooking and the feeling that you're having dinner with your "friends."Great food, reasonable prices, and great service. I started with the homemade strawberry rhubarb soda. It was so refreshing. The swordfish meatballs with creamy polenta and pine nuts were absolutely delicious. The Sal's old school meatballs with tomato potato (more traditional) were also delicious, but not as good as the swordfish meatballs. The fettuccine with corn and scallions and the spaghetti with chilies and parmesan were both delicious. The pastas were perfectly sized portions for one person if you also get an appetizer. I ordered one appetizer and one pasta, and I was full when I left. Definitely not the best Vetri restaurant, but I would return.Love at first bite. Really. It is THAT good. I have to admit, I found the menu to be a bit intimidating, but luckily for me I wasn't doing the ordering. Everything that was ordered for me and suggested by the bartender was incredible. We had an assortment of "meatballs" ( swordfish, traditional, and tuna croquettes) and each was better than the last! The only thing that I would consinder to be average were the mussels, but the blush sauce that they were in was perfect for dipping the fresh bread in! Can't wait to return.very good italian, definitely good for a weekend night out, good for small groups. Enjoyed it very much.Seriously disappointed. The noise level was so high it was hard to hold a conversation. I was prepared to put up with this if the food had been better. Everything was seriously under seasoned. We ordered the shaved pork belly with watermelon and the meat had no flavour. As the table had no salt and pepper I am assuming the chefs would have fine tuned the seasoning. The steak was so under seasoned we had to request salt.It is close quarters with nearby diners, but we've had tighter accommodations so it is not worrisome. The noise, however, is near-deafening. I struggle to hear myself, let alone the poor quiet-voiced server who tries to relay the evening's specials. Juliet has to help translate. As the night wears on, the chaotic garble does ease slightly.
I begin with a generous pour of Prosecco, with a sidecar of red wine granita. A spoonful of the frozen red wine goes into the sparkling wine. Mix. Drink. Repeat. Enjoy. It is sweet and lively on my tongue, preparing me for the roller coaster of flavors to come.
Ever since dining at Joe Allen, I have been craving escargot again. As luck would have it, Amis offers braised snails in a scallion crema. They are bright green chunks coated in a thick cream sauce. Take a scoop and dump them on a toasted, burnt-edged piece of bread. Yum! These are not quite the full-bodied, wine-soaked snails I had in New York; they are more subdued and earthy, with a delicate onion taste. The combination of burned toast and creamy snails is decadent. Juliet also orders pan-fried artichokes (they are crunchy, oily, and tasty) and pork liver terrine topped with tomato marmalade (sweet, slightly greasy, and tastes much like any other pork terrine I've had).
There are so many captivating entries on the menu, I'm not quite sure what to order. I really don't want to "meat it up" with a hunk of veal so I settle on seafood. Since Juliet doesn't like peas, I seldom get to eat them at home...and I love peas! My eye gravitates toward the braised squid with artichokes and spring peas. Thick-cut circles of firm squid flesh bobble in a shallow, spicy tomato broth sprinkled with green peas. Islands of quartered artichoke hearts peek out from beneath titanic wedges of more crisp-black toast...which I use to sop up the soup when I've polished off most of the calamari. The dish is demonstrative, bold, and very addictive. My only criticism is the squid seems just a smidge too firm, as if it had been slightly overcooked or left under a heat lamp. I highly doubt the latter, though. Suffice to say, it is a good dish and one which I'd happily order again.
From good to great, now. While Juliet opts for crispy veal breast with marinated mushrooms, she had also been circling another plate: the fettuccine with lamb ragu and mint. Did someone say mint? As some of you might know, I'm a mint fanatic. Love it. Put it in everything, please. I, too, considered ordering the fettuccine but ultimately went the seaward route. A quick pow-wow, though, and we decide to order it for sharing. Because sharing is caring. Or something like that.
Man, am I glad we ordered that pasta. The noodles are perfectly prepared, not too squishy, but slippery and glistening with olive oil. Hearty bits of shredded lamb ragu mingle under a mound of shredded Pecorino cheese. Little green specks of mint add just a hint of color. It is imperative to gather all components on your fork, so you get the full effect--salty, meaty, with a surprising lightness from the mint. It is pasta like a sexy poem in your mouth.
I am full now. Dessert is totally out of the question...until I read the very bottom item on the menu: prosecco rhubarb granita with pistachio biscotti. Saving the best for last, eh, Chef? Surely there must be cracks in my stomach that need filling. The granita is sweet and very tart, actually quite refreshing. I get uncomfortably close to brain freeze as I use the biscotti as a spoon for the shaved ice. Time to stop. Time to go. Time for bed. From our little tour of Chef Michaud's cuisine, it's pretty easy to see how he earned his award. Kudos!
But don't take my word for it. See what my better half has to say on our website (linked in my profile).First time visiting Amis for brunch. We started with the Bufala Ricotta with hazelnut honey ($8) was to die for. Come for this alone. We also tried the Baked Pecorino with almond honey which was good but too salty...and I LOVE salt. Next came the Belgian Waffle with salted butter semifreddo, hazelnuts & maple syrup ($12) - two small square waffles with maple syrup already poured over it which surprised me because with the sweet semifreddo the whole thing was too sweet. We also tried the Rigatoni with Sausage & egg yolk was good but the portion was small for the price ($16). Friends had the Gnocchi alla Romana with chorizo sausage ragu and scallions which they thought was okay...not made with potato as warned by the server. We also had a side of the polenta scrapple which was just okay. Coffee was delicious and perfect strength. Brunch cocktails - mimosas and bloodies were good but pricey at $10. Service was excellent. Overall, an interesting brunch menu with some real standouts. But If money is an issue it's on the pricey side.My favorite Italian in Philadelphia! I love the jalepeno almond bucatini.I dined at Amis this past April and enjoyed a fabulous meal.  I met my mom at this restaurant mid week to catch up and spend a night out on the town.  We were able to get a last minute reservation at Amis and were not disappointed.  
A few things you need to know about this restaurant.  First, it pulls in quite a happy hour bar crowd.  There were a lot of suits lined up at the bar chatting away.  Second, the tables are quite close together.  When you combine those two elements with the fact that the restaurant has a warehouse type feel to it, the place can get obnoxiously loud.  If that is a turnoff for you, then look for a different place to dine.  Also, Amis is not a BYOB.  This was a plus for us, since we were specifically looking for a restaurant that wasn't BYOB.
Onto the food!  My mom and I started off with a couple of small plates to share.  We split the Eggplant Caponata which was delicious.  The saltiness of the eggplant balanced out the olive oil that it was cooked in.  The bread that went with the dish was delicious.  We also shared swordfish meatballs.  These 3 meatballs were laying on a bed of polenta with toasted pine nuts.  The meatballs had so much flavor and were incredibly moist.  The polenta complimented this dish wonderfully and the pine nuts added some texture to really round out the dish.  For entrees, I had the lamb and my mom had a fried flounder special.  The chef prepared the lamb very different from anything I have had before.  The lamb seemed to be slow roasted and then shredded off the bone and crisped up on a griddle..... think almost like a jerky style texture, but not quite as dried out.  The end result was shredded lamb that was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  The roasted potatoes that it was served with made for a memorable dish.  Another highlight of the meal (besides the swordfish meatballs) was the pappardelle with oxtail ragu.  I had heard so much about this dish and it did not disappoint.  My mom and I split this as a side dish and it was wonderful.  The rich oxtail ragu was just enough to balance out the wide pasta sheets that were cooked just a tad past el dente.  Extremely tender and fresh.  
If you haven't made a trip to Amis, I would recommend you try it.  The place isn't for everyone, but if you are a foodie that likes to get creative when dining, then this could be your next gem.  The plates aren't huge, so you have to order multiple things on the menu to create a complete meal.  
PROS: Hip Atmosphere, Innovative Menu, Divine Food (especially the swordfish meatballs and pappardelle pasta)
CONS: Small vineyard winelist, noise levels can be extremely loud, and this is not your traditional menuDont book if you expect to actually do something afterwards. 
We booked our table for 4 people 1 month in advance at 8:30. We arrive there exactly on time and the hostess informed us it would be a 15 minute wait. Still 1 hour later after watching SEVERAL tables that had finished dining since before we had arrived still sitting there and chatting without even ordering any more drinks we still weren't seated. 
When we finally did get a seat they served us with an order of complimentary appetizers. Hardly any compensation for the lost time spent waiting for their folly.Back for dinner and sat at the chefs table. We had dessert tangling in front of our eyes the entire time! Everything was splendid! The buccatini is a must and a classic. The eggplant caponata and butternut squash with feta were both simple but divine. Not overwhelming but oh so good. The quail was so great too. We didn't get the veal tongue but will definitely come back for it. The pork cheek and lamb were a bit salty for my taste by the time I had gone through so many dishes. The meat dishes were well done but I'd say what makes amis shine was their pasta, apps and desserts. The rice pudding and tiramisu were to die for.My family and I were just walking around looking for a place to have lunch before leaving for the airport, and we are glad we walked into this place. Starting off with the waitress coming over to introduce the menu, everything sounded very interesting. We ordered A few different appetizers and all were very good, and the bread basket was amazing with scones, raisin bread, and chocolate muffins. 
My mom and sister ordered the gnocchi and they were very good. I ordered the fettuccine with duck that was also amazing.Absolutely loved this place!
Service was wonderful, everyone was friendly, attentive and fun! 
Appetizers and entrees were the best. Especially enjoyed the Turkey Milanese - was awesome! Desserts were scrumptious also.
Definitely going back again, when we can get in :)Phenomenally noisy. We will never return. The food was mediocre, too. My pasta was gummy. The roasted brussel spouts were extremely salty.   The caponata has no flavor at all. But make no mistake about it, the noise level was so painful had the food been good we would still never return.I would say this place is very average. We ordered the ricotta bruschetta which was just okay. The bread they serve you is both cold and also burnt which was unpleasant. I ordered the cacio e Pepe for myself, which was pretty good but not spectacular. My boyfriend had the pork chop parm which was probably the best thing of the dinner, but we both agreed it was still pretty average. We also ordered the polenta as a side and it was sooo buttery it made my stomach hurt. I really wanted to like it here, but my boyfriend and I agreed it's not worth coming back to.If I could give 6 stars I would. The food was insanely delicious. Every part of the meal was satisfying and exciting. The service was great as was the ambience. Can't wait to go back!!!!Made my first visit to Amis on 1/2/11. Totally enjoyed my meal and atmosphere. For starters my companion and I shared the shaved vegetable salad. It was very tasty. Had the persimmon and fennel lasagna with a side of roasted squash for my entree. Both were excellent. Finished it off with the apple cake which also was great. Can't wait to go back.I was thrilled when a date made a reservation at Amis. I had wanted to go for awhile, but it's not cheap, or easy to get into. After dining there, I realize why--excellent service, large menu, transporting food, and a great atmosphere (though strangely, they were playing 80s music. But I digress...) We had read on chef's feed that the swordfish meatballs were exceptional, and while I was was less than excited for them, they were amazing. We were sad there were just 3. The braised calamari was tender, and swimming in a brown/red sauce that was a bit fishy, but in a good way. And it was served with toasty bread. Sweatbreads were a little too fried for my taste but dusted in a tasty almond coating so the tempura was nicely complimented. And you should not miss the veal rago pasta, which was perfectly seasoned. The cacio e pepe was the only disappointment, in a thick creamy sauce which was slightly tasteless. But if you do dessert--if you have room after the rich food--the rice pudding, which I'm typically not a fan of, was smooth, creamy, and covered with a cheery sauce which was equally sour and sweet. Our server was friendly as was host staff leading to a warm atmosphere. I ca't wait to go back and try more of the amazing-looking menu items.My husband and I had our first wedding anniversary date here, on a friend's recommendation.  We enjoyed every single moment. 
It was snowy outside and cold. we found close by parking spot that wasn't filled with piles of snow.  we walked in - reservations of course, and were promptly seated. The waiter was kind and always around when you needed him, and not too obtrusive.  
We ordered many things to share, and i believe we had Sal's meatballs (delicious) and some fried Brussels Sprouts (life-changing, seriously), among other things. Our overall experience was a pleasant one and we would both love to go back and try more things on the menu.  Nothing we ordered was bad, i am pretty sure you cannot go wrong here. They were out of the appetizer i wanted (pecorino with almond honey), so i guess i just have to come back to try it!
one gripe- i always drink water.  why please tell me, is water $5?? since when did restaurants start charging for tap water? This left  a bad taste in my mouth - but thankfully i polished off my meal with a yummy latte to clear that bad taste.  I am normally an outspoken patron, and would have mentioned it to the waiter, but my husband rushed out the door before i had the chance.What a fantastic meal! I went to Amis for dinner on a Friday night. We started with wine glasses at the bar and were quickly informed that our table was ready. We started with the Buffalo mozzarella with carrots and sunflower seeds - beautifully seasoned, very refreshing and the crunch of the sunflower seeds is a very welcome addition - and the scallop crudo. The scallop crudo was, simply put, one of the best things that I've ever tasted. So fresh, lemony in a perfect way, it's hard to explain, you just have to try it. Our server told us they serve a small quantity of scallops because of how selective they are about the scallops they use. It definitely translates in amazing flavor. We followed the amazing starters with one more glass of wine, the grilled redfish with fava beans - delicious - and one of the specials, the rabbit ragu. The ragu was phenomenal, super flavorful and the pasta was one of the lightest I've ever tried. All of the specials had rabbit in it. According to our server what they do is they select a protein and make many different preparations of it, so they can use most of the animal, which I thought was a great idea. Service was also really good: attentive, friendly and informative. I'm definitely coming back!Good food and nice ambience for a date or just having dinner with a few friends.first vetri experience, so I was really excited... I only do a handful of fancy/expensive dinners per year and because there is so much good inexpensive food in this city, I need a pricey dinner to be extra-delicious... Amis was so disappointing.  the brussel sprouts, cauliflower and rigatoni with salmon (a special) were almost too salty to eat.  the jalapeno pasta was decent.  the bufala bruschetta was also mediocre.  highlight of the meal was dessert - rice pudding and the waffles were both good...
 nice place - not too loud.  but the food wasnt even mediocre.  service was so-so.  nice bartender, friendly knowledgeable server.  but i had another server bring me a beer that wasnt what i ordered; when i said "I ordered the pilsner on draft," she said "no, it comes in a bottle."... so i pointed to the menu - "heres what i ordered."... "well you have the wrong menu," she said.  kinda strange - as if i brought my own menu to the restaurant... finally got her to bring me a different beer.
... went with two friends and we all agreed it was a pretty big disappointment.  sorry to be a negative nancy.Amazing! Every single time. I was scared that the new "corporate" takeover was going to affect this wonderful restaurant but it hasn't. The menu is still as good as ever, the wines to choose from are not your normal pa liquor store wines, the service was still on point, but the specials which used to be somewhat extravagant weren't what I was used to. I can't say enough about Amis, I love this place. Brought 3 newcomers with me and one of which is not a foodie. All three were blown away with the rich flavors and savory dishes. I strongly suggest not going into Amis with the appetizer, entree, and desert attitude. Go with friends or coworkers and order as much on the menu as you can and share everything family style. There are way too many good dishes on this menu to not try and by sharing everything that comes to the table it gives the opportunity to get a taste of everything. Make a reservation and try Amis, they will not let you down.Amis is delicious.
No really, the whole restaurant is delicious.
Get the squid ink pasta with chorizo- it's creamy and perfect. It's black and will probably make your smile a little silly looking, but as long as you share it, that's fine. Both you and your dining mate can have black smiles for a little bit. The bits of chorizo add just enough meat flavor to offset the otherwise too luscious nature of squid ink. 
The bruschetta bread is great: it's thick and grilled with just enough olive oil to add a nice juicy crunch. The imported buffalo ricotta is creamy, but that's about it. It's fluffy, but there's not much flavor.The salami, similarly, is fine. It's cured meat, and the beet jam is pretty good. If you put the salami on the buffalo ricotta, then you've created a great appetizer. The mild saltiness of the meat combines nicely with the otherwise undetected sweetness of the black pepper ricotta. 
As for dessert, you'd be a complete idiot not to indulge in the tartufo al bacio" chocolate and hazelnut semifreddo - even if you're allergic to nuts. Basically, you've got some sort of semifreddo mousse/ice cream blend speckled with hazelnut halves covered in a dark chocolate fondant ganache. It's a hill of succulent indulgence with the perfect sweetness offset by the perfect bitterness of the dark chocolate.Wow! Love this place. It really takes a lot to wow me. We shared Escarole
Salad, mussel appetizer, monk fish cacti ore, and pasta with jalapeño pesto. Enjoyed my wine by the glass so much I'm looking to find it to buy. 
Loved it all. Neighborhood really nice. Service was great - we were a little early for reservation and table was ready. The only thing I would say is wish swordfish meatballs didn't have pork (we didn't try) and the tartufo might have been a bit too chocolate heavy. Will definitely be back on our next trip to Philly.I recently went to Amis for a friend's birthday dinner and I really liked it. 
We got a selection of bruschettas, octopus, and meatballs for appetizers. Everyone loved them all. For the main course, I got a homemade pasta dish and it was to die for! I will get pasta every time I go back (which will be often). The friends I was with really enjoyed their seafood dishes. For dessert we received complimentary ice cream, for the birthday girl of course. The ice cream was soooooo good I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full. 
I thought the menu was reasonably priced. It was a little bit loud and crowded inside and I wasn't a big fan of our waitress, but the food was delicious and overall I really liked this place.Had an excellent meal...the main was lamb...so we tried the lamb croquettes...they were good didn't expect them to be so creamy, also had the portobello pasta which was great...the pasta there is just so good! I had the main lamb dish with grits...it was good but I enjoyed our pasta dishes way more oh and the ricotta with pistachio pesto and pumpkin was excellent!Bucatini with jalapeño and almond pesto.  
Bucatini with Jalapeño and almond pesto. 
BUCATINI WITH JALAPENO AND ALMOND PESTO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You go now!  Put into face!  Repeat!  YOU'RE WELCOME!
Also deliciously notable: 
Baked pecorino and honey- very good
Swordfish meatballs: THE BEST MEATBALLS I'VE EVER HAD.  INCLUDING ACTUAL MEAT BALLS.  
Tonnarelli cacio e pepe: fresh pasta, cheese and black pepper.  Incredibly delicious. 
Rice pudding: as good as it gets.  Rice to Riches in NYC needs to take a lesson from the folks at Amis.Four of us celebrated my husband's birthday at Amis last weekend.  We had high hopes for Amis, as it's part of the Vetri family of restaurants.  Our hopes were met with the food and dashed with the service.  
The food really was amazing.  The baked pecorino with almond honey was beautiful.  The tonnarelli with pecorino and pepper sounds simple, but was some of the most delicious stuff I've ever eaten.  Mom-mom's rice pudding was a perfect ending.
My only complaint about the food is that I wish the portions were a bit larger- five appetizers, two pastas, four entrees, a side and a dessert (plus a reasonable amount of wine, of course) didn't really give me the full belly I'd expected for close to $400.
Our server, while knowledgeable and pleasant didn't really get the timing right.  We finished our pasta course and ordered glasses of wine all around.  Roughly ten minutes later, our entrees arrived, but our wine had not.  We waited, and waited for someone to check on us, but no one did.  After another ten or so minutes and no server in sight, I had to get up and go find a manager to get us the wine we'd ordered.  By the time it arrived, our entrees were warm, at best.  
Amis has big shoes to fill and right now, they seem to be nearly stumbling around in dad's loafers.Mixed Seafood Grill: Scallops, tender skate, calamari,swordfish. Grilled to perfection, simple salt and pepper. 
Palenta with brown butter: also simple and very good
Escarole and radish salad: very light and refreshing.
Drinks
Campari and grapefruit with basil....one of the better combinations with Campari I have tasted.
Limonchella and iced tea vodka
total bill just about 65, including drinks. 
Overall very pleased with the meal. Best seat in the house is overlooking the open kitchen.Yum!  Have been to Vetri and Osteria and loved both so I figured I'd enjoy Amis - I was right.  The atmosphere was lively and energetic.  Amis appeals an energetic crowd.  I had the lamb ragu and it was delicious.  The restaurant is more affordable than Vetri's others and offers a diverse menu.  Highly recommended!I'm a little lost on what to rate this place, so I'll explain my experience first. My husband and I live on 13th and Pine, so we were excited that we were so close to a "good" restaurant (they are always packed), so we made a reservation for a Friday night. We were promptly seated and explained the specials, drinks, yadda yadda yadda. I ordered a sparkling red wine to begin with which was one of their specials and we got a bottle of rose to split during our meal. (We found both of these were good and I was pleased that they offered a sparkling red, although at $12 a glass I stuck to one)
We began with the fried artichokes which were very good and then I ordered the tuna fillet with fennel and my husband the roasted lamb with potatoes. We kept our menus just in case we wanted more as I know they are a tapas style place, but since we ordered off the "main course" area we assumed that the price (Around $20 for each) would probably mean that they were larger than the standard tapas. 
Alright, this is where the evening takes a turn, I was presented with my dish, a very nice fillet of tuna with sauteed fennel and lemon. Flash seared on one side and raw on the other it was just to my liking. However I can't say the same for my husband's dish. The lamb was a small (about the size of a cordless telephone) and was accompanied by 4 roasted potatoes. 
That's. It. No sauce. No garnish. Nothing.
The lamb itself was lackluster-dry and chewy-and the potatoes were..well...boring. The table next to us had the same dish and the same reaction. The service was good and I enjoyed my half, so maybe we just got them on a off night or ordered the wrong thing. I'd like to try them again, but my husband refuses to return. 
Total of check was around $115 (the wine totaled to about $50),and I certainly wouldn't say that it was worth that amount of money. I rate it 2.5 stars as it wasn't the worst, but I am still not convinced enough to give it 3.Cucina Romana is a unique cuisine that focuses on preparing fresh ingredients in a simple manner.  The flavor should be intense and clean.  They are at Amis.  Our dinner left me feeing like I was back in my favorite trattoria in Rome.  
Nice bar, good wines that can be bought by the glass or bottle at reasonable prices.  Be sure to start your evening with an cocktail apertivo and save room for the dolci.In the past few years I have dined often enough at Amis. I almost always sit at the bar and I honestly have never had anything less than an amazing experience. Most recently, I took myself on a date: dinner at Amis and a great football game with other rowdy fans. It was a Monday. I wouldn't say I dine solo often but I have done it enough times to have felt uncomfortable in a space and to also feel totally at home. The staff at Amis made me feel quite special this night and so I just had to write this review.
The food at Amis to me is always delicious. A few times dishes have been slightly salty but I can deal with that. This particular night I ordered just two plates and a cocktail. The staff brought me an extra plate for no particular reason (except maybe because I was solo) and all three were extraordinary. I gobbled up every last bite. 
But the service in particular this night was perfect. The bartender was ever attentive but not overwhelmingly so. When you dine alone, this is crucial. You want slightly more attention than if you are in a group but not so much so that it draws attention to the fact that you are alone. This bartender really just nailed it and I'm so appreciative that there are others in this world that are aware of and possess the capability to provide a level of service that is intuitive. Thank you for what you do!AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!! I came here about four months ago, and I honestly don't remember what I ate or drank. It's a blur. I ONLY remember that I had a DELICIOUS DINNER and LOVELY night at the Amis. Amis has a very similar ambiance as Vernick and Rough. All are very romantic and dimly lit, which is perfect for dates!! Also, they are more on the upscale side, but I find Amis more young and lively (or maybe that's because we were sitting by the bar area). 
Again, we ordered two appetizers. One of them was the fried potatoes. It was okay in compared to Vernick's potatoes. These potatoes were cut too largely, so it wasn't as crunchy and was more starchy (potato-y). Also, with the great amount of starch, it fills you up quickly even though it's only an appetizer. For the main course, I got an order of pasta with little chunks of meat. I CANNOT RECALL the name of the pasta, but it was SO PERFECT! I usually never finish my pastas, but I FINISHED it! I almost wanted to eat the plate too....but my date stopped me. The pasta was cooked to the right hardness, about a minute passed al dente. Soft enough but not too soft giving a bouncy feel. The sauce - tomato, meat, and cheese - was in great proportions creating a satisfying and comforting meal! 
The BEST was the alcoholic drink. Again, I don't remember the name of the cocktail because the waitress recommended it, and with all those Italian names that I cannot even pronounce, it's hard to remember the names. The drinks was PINKish-RED. First I was given a glass of (I forgot what color) wine or champagne. Then, I got a side of sugary, shaved ice looking like type of thing that I added to the glass. That unknown substance was delicious! It made the drink sweet but alcohol, which is EXACTLY what I wanted.
Besides the food, the ambiance is awesome! Upscale, romantic, yet relaxing. Also, the server knew the menu very well and gave very good recommendations! I would totally come here again to try something knew plus find out those names of the dishes!We went for dinner with high expectations but were disappointed with the food. Ordered the combination salumi platter, quail antipasti and cacio e Pepe pasta.
Quality of salumi was good but the plate was unimaginative. Left us wanting for some cheese or pickled veggies. And overall too sweet. 
Quail again was cooked well but came with cornmeal and cherry(?) sauce.. Nothing that wowed the palette. 
Cacio e Pepe was dense and Parmesan that became a cheese sauce making the pasta too heavy. 
Was expecting clean, fresh flavors overall from a restaurant this caliber, unfortunately it falls short.
Liked the ambience (loud but it was appropriate) and service.Even on a Tuesday evening, Amis is completely booked and running smoothly thanks to the watchful eyes of the general managers and professionalized staff.  Our table of three indulged in smaller anti-pasti and the so-called "quinto quarto" dishes (Italians give this name - the fifth quarter - to parts of the animal that are euphemistically called "variety meats" in the US).  At Amis, these include sweet breads, veal tongue and Roman tripe stew.
All appetizers - the escarole salad with apple, the fried cauliflower (generously offered by the suave assistant general manager), the veal tongue and veal terrine, the scallop crudo and tripa, and the eggplant caponata -  were very good, full flavored and well prepared - the sweet scallop crudo being a stand out.  I have two minor quibbles: the mostarda, served as a rhubarb/strawberry version with the terrine, and a red pepper version with the tongue,  did not have the mustardy snap I love so much and was too sweet for my taste (I have noticed this at other Philly restaurants).  The amount of cheese on the Roman tripe was excessive, similar to a French onion cover rather than the light dusting this dish should have.
We tried two pastas - the bucatini with almond pesto and the special, fettucini with ramps and guanciale - both very good with a nod to the bucatini for lightness.  The bone in lamb shoulder chop was sizable, nicely seared but as one would expect from such a cut, tough in places. 
I also liked the freshly baked, soft bread save for the burned areas that gave it a bit of an acrid taste.
A friendly and effective wait staff, a good beer selection and small but adequate wine list (steeply priced as almost all Philadelphia wine lists) round out an all-around pleasurable dining experience.  No wonder Amis is so popular.  With its assertively flavored plates, bustling atmosphere, and fine service, it ranks among the elite of Philly's restaurants.Amis was my pick for my birthday dinner back in November. I'd been wanting to give it a try for a while now and it did not disappoint! We started off with the bufala ricotta bruschetta and baked pecorino w/almond honey. While both were good, the baked pecorino definitely won that round. Next up were Sal's old school meatballs.. they were simple but in a good way. For our main dishes, I had the fettuccine w/duck Bolognese and he had the bucatini w/jalapeno and pesto. I'm a sucker for anything with duck in it- so getting the fettuccine was an obvious choice. It had lots of flavor and the portion size was perfect. The duck complimented it well. The bucatini was also very good, but after trying both dishes, we each liked our own pick better (as per usual). If you have room for dessert, get the Belgian waffle! 
Ohh and can't forget about the drinks.. I was a huge fan of the Alto and plan on attempting to make it at home!Amazing Italian food. The pasta is some of the best I have had in Philadelphia. A must try if you've never beenCame here for Mother's Day brunch after hearing rave reviews and we were very happy with our experience. The staff was very attentive and truly cared about our experience. The server setting the table next to us even overheard us asking questions to each other about the menu and enthusiastically jumped in to explain. 
I tried the Jersey Cannonball sandwich, which I would highly recommend to anyone who loves a good pork roll, egg, and cheese. It was on a garlic and herb crusted bun that was thin and crispy, with some kind of tomato based spread that was very subtle but made the sandwich special. I'd love to come back and try some of the other items, I had a hard time choosing just one! Also -all of the side items came in pretty large portions. We got a couple for the 4 of us and it was plenty!Reliably excellent! We have been going for years and have never once been disappointed.Really really delicious!  Some of the best food that we've had in Philly.  Our menu:   
Salumi Plate, Olives 
Oxtail Ragu Gnocchi
Mixed Seafood Grill, Fried Artichoke
Polenta and pear dessert 
Go, if only for just the fried artichokes!  I loved pretty much everything we ordered.  Only the dessert was o.k. - Good but not wow.FULL DISCLOSURE- We ordered two bucatini pasta, pork chop and charred octopus and ended up paying only 20 bucks plus tip but here is my honest review. Salty! Salty! Salty! It's very rare to come across bad food. It's easier to come across bad service but this place was just the opposite. They offer "complimentary" water and now I know why, it's cause their food is extremely salty. The charred octopus was more of a burnt and salty octopus. I should have known it was a bad sign when the complimentary foccacia was super salty, still wanted to give it a chance. But then came the bucatini pasta and pork chop, it was just unbearable to eat that we needed to provide feedback to our very nice and attentive server that the food was way too salty. He let his manager know and they ended up charging only for one pasta. We all have different palates but I will use Chipotle salty as a standard to set an example to,this was WAY saltier than Chipotle. I hate to say this but it was unbearable saltiness but this review comes from someone who would prefer bland food to add salt to than salty food that cannot be helped. Two stars is for the service, ambiance is dark and moody which is great for date night.Well this was disappointing.  Cute place with a nice bar. The menu was pretty limited and they were really pushing the "turbofish" specials. I passed and inquired about the eggplant lasagne; was the skin removed?  No was was the answer and I passed.  Why do Italian restaurants think you want to bite into an eggplant and  get some rubbery skin? So I went with the only other pasta type dish on the menus. Rigatoni Amertriciana.  Well this was the worst thing to happen to Amertrice since the earthquake.Great meal.  The food was authentic and enjoyable.  The arancini, stuffed clams and pastas were delicious.  I was irritated by the bill because the drinks were $14 a piece which is way overpriced.  The desserts were also disappointing.  Will return but I will not drink alcohol here or order dessert.
Also, it is way too loud in this restaurant, and the tables are too close together.  Definitely some kinks to be worked out.LOVED it!  Came twice--once with the girls and once with a large family party.  
Amis was super nice and patient with both groups.  The friends and fam both are full of special requests and dietary restrictions.  The fam was particularly challenging--one shellfish allergy, one vegetarian, one no tomatoes/acid, and one no fat eater (at an italian restaurant)!  
We started with some amazing onion focaccia that comes to the table.  Everyone gobbled it down and looked for seconds.  
For drinks we tried the punch and the house wine (red and white).  The punch was excellent, lemony and fresh tasting.  Everyone of the picky people also liked the red wine.  A nice carafe for sharing.
We licked the ricotta bowl clean, ordered a second round of eggplant, and each had our own personal artichoke.  Because sharing fried artichokes doesn't work.  Also on the plus side: the coppa salami with hazelnut honey and the cheese selection.  We tried the brown butter polenta which was good but not amazing (very polenta-y).  For dinner, the lamb was amazing, also the vegetable plate and the tonnarelli pepper and cheese pasta.
Desserts were less impressive to me overall, but still good.
Really enjoyed it!I'm starting to think that I am inspired to write only by poor experiences. Take this review for what it's worth to you.  Had a meal at the bar last night. A pre-theater quickie. The bar was full and the atmosphere lovely but everything else was poor. After my last two visits to the restaurant (it's on my way home) my expectations were low. But all of the food was disappointed. Even my pineapple soda was terrible; pure sugar no flavor. We had octopus, escarole salad, tongue, Brussel sprouts and cauliflower. The last two dishes were scorched in the fryer. (I missed zahav's delicious lightly fried veggies). The salad drowned in dressing and cheese. The octopus was tough to chew. The tongue unbearably sweet and swimming in oil. Everything was over-salted. And I love my salt. Service was slow (the bartender was overwhelmed by a full bar) and surly. And there was some guy hanging out behind the bar under foot. Not going back.Went here for my birthday dinner over the weekend and it was an overall good experience! Started off the meal with the swordfish meatballs and the bufala mozzarella with cherries and mint. The meatballs were delicious, there was four of them and they came over polenta. The size was good since there was two of us. The mozzarella was delicious when combined with the cherries and mint. For my main course, I got their special gnocchi with turkey and my boyfriend got the rotini with veal sausage and stone fruit. The gnocchi was delicious since it was made with flour instead of potato so it was very light, almost mashed potato like. The rotini was good size, it was a full plate, and was delicious. We got the nutella belgian waffle for dessert to split and it was delicious! They also surprised me with a free scoop of their semifreddo and it was great. I will definitely be back!My boyfriend, his sister and I went to Amis last night (4/19) to celebrate his sister's birthday. We didn't make a reservation and upon arriving we were told it would be 30-45 minutes. We figured this was reasonable and decided to have a drink at the bar while we waited. However, after waiting for 45 minutes, the hostess came over to us and told us that because there were no reservation cancellations they couldn't seat us. That was super annoying but luckily the bar is full service so we ordered from the awesome bartenders (didn't get their names unfortunately). This is where the night really turned around. We ordered about 6-7 tapas and the bartender very generously brought us at least 4 more tapas free of charge. Needless to say, he got an awesome tip. Our favorites were: the jalepeño pasta, the porchetta with onion marmalade, and the arancini. We enjoyed everything else we got also (ricotta and eggplant bruschetta, rabbit terrine, brussel sprouts, mussels, baked pecorino) but those were the best. Would definitely come back again next time we are in philly.It's a good spot, a little small but good food in a nice atmosphere.  We had some meatball dish that was very unique and i would go back.  We sat at the bar and had a nice time with wines and appetizers.  The wine selection was fairly good, however teh white wines were served warm.  I would definely to back for another visit.Came here for dinner before a concert at the Kimmel center with a friend. The place was buzzing on the Thursday evening,so I took it as a sign that food must be good. Well, things started off on a great note: enthusiastic waitress, lovely decor, yummy bread. We started with the baked pecorino with almond honey, which came with crispy toast and was TO-DIE-FOR. Then the pasta came: friend had the tonarelli cacio e pepe, I had the bucatini with cauliflower. The pasta was al dente, but I'm not of a fan of the rich and rather congealed cream sauce. For $14, the portion size was quite good, but I couldn't finish it because of the rich sauce. The chocolate hazelnut dessert we shared was waaaayyy too rich, needless to say we weren't able to finish it, although both of us were rabid chocolate addicts. I'd stick with the appetizers.
Also, while I appreciate the open kitchen, rustic table settings, I wish the tables weren't placed so close. We were lucky the two old ladies next to us were pleasant companions. People on dates may want to go somewhere more private.Fantastic! Had an amazing birthday dinner here with my mom last night.
The prosecco was crisp, the appetizers were portioned perfectly and the tonnarelli "cacio e pepe" with pecorino and black pepper was delicious! We split everything and it was the perfect amount of food. 
Our waiter was beyond accommodating (I forget his name, ugh I suck) and even provided us with a complimentary dessert for my birthday. I was totally surprised and very gracious. We didn't feel rushed at all and could take our time just chatting and drinking before even ordering our appetizers. Each plate that arrived at our table was timed perfectly.
Would absolutely come back again. Thanks, Amis!Amis is slowly emerging as one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  Really really great food.  Excellent service.  An intimate atmosphere but not too cramped.  Reasonable prices for the quality of the food too.
I would highly suggest reservations as the place is moderately sized and tends to be packed on any night of the week.
On our most recent visit with two friends, we went with the following dishes...
Appetizers - 
imported bufala ricotta and black pepper - (creamy and delicious)
mortadella with hazelnut honey - (I personally don't love mortadella, but this was really tasty.  The honey put it over the top for me.)
Sal's old school meatballs with tomato potato - (excellent dense meatballs made of beef, pork, and veal.  they have a very interesting but good taste)
Entrees - 
tonnarelli "cacio e pepe" with pecorino and black pepper (this was a little creamier than the cacio e pepe that I'm used to, but regardless it was excellent)
pasta w/ duck ragu (I don't remember the actual name of this as it was one of the specials, but this was also nice.  Shredded lumps of duck in the pasta.  Very flavorful dish.)
Dessert - 
belgian style waffle with nutella, vanilla semifreddo, and toasted hazelnuts  ( a big dessert, plenty to share)
With a revolving selection of specials, you won't be disappointed or at a loss for options at Amis.
They even have valet parking if that's your thing, but parking shouldn't be too difficult if you look south of South.  Just be careful down there if you plan on walking back to your car very late.Absolutely Wonderful! We will definitely go back when we're in Philly again. Our waiter Dan was very attentive and gave us great recommendations for apps, entrees and dessert. Their special was red snapper - superb !! It came with a side of grilled corn and cherry tomatoes.  Go with friends and sample their creative menu - don't forget to order a great glass of wine, too !!This is probably the only "restaurant week" restaurant that we liked enough to make a follow up visit.  I feel like a lot of restaurants compromise during restaurant week but we thoroughly enjoyed our experience both times equally.  Reservations are highly recommended.  Both times we had one and we still had to wait a little bit for our table to set up.  I'm not a fan of eggplant, but actually liked the eggplant bruschetta.  If you ever order the pork chop parmigiana, be warned, it is MASSIVE.  So crispy and tasty, but you might want to order a side to go with it to balance out the flavor and meal b/c it's a heavy dish.I was skeptical after reading the mediocre reviews of Amis before dining there for my birthday but thankfully, my caution was not warranted. It was a fine meal. Through and through a very satisfying dinner.
Service was outstanding. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu items. Support staff was always on task as well.
My boyfriend and I sipped on Saison while we munched on delicious Salumi, eggplant capponata and seafood frito. 
Our second course consisted of a veal canneloni, roasted lamb and tuna steak. All delicious and well-portioned. 
The rhubarb tart for dessert was the perfect nightcap as well as their freshly brewed coffee. The best cup of coffee I've had in a very long time.
Despite people's gripes on Amis' portion sizes, I left the restaurant feeling so very full and happy.We came here for dinner on a Saturday. The place was packed for the night. Opted to sit at the bar. Hostess also said that tables outside are on a first come first serve basis. 
Bartender Michelle was great throughout the night. Super attentive even though it was a very busy night. She gave good recommendations on both drinks and food. The only issue with our meal was the long wait time between our antipasto and our entrees. All dishes were good except for the eggplant lasagna. It was tasteless and would not recommend. 
We ended our meal with tiramisu and was given a salted butter semifreddo on the house.I have been wanting to try Amis for about a year and I must say, I was disappointed.  
Don't get me wrong, the food was good----especially the linguine with corn and scallions and the entrees.
But, the hostess was downright rude (and yes, we had reservations) and our waiter was slow and not at all into his job.  It took us 15 minutes to get a drink (just a glass of wine) after it was ordered and while the entire staff was preoccupied with refilling water glasses, the offer the clear plates or get another drink for us was slow. And then after my partner said no to another glass of wine, he received in anyway because the waiter couldn't hear us.  
And that's my biggest complaint; it is really NOISY for a fine dining restaurant.  Part of that is due to the building which is a lovely use of the space, but do you really need to play the music that loud?   And.....dining to the Stones and to the Ramones "Blitzkrieg Bop"?  Especially when we were some of the younger folks in the restaurant?Nice neighborhood place that was convenient to our AirB&B room a few blocks away.  We met family here for dinner and we weren't disappointed.  The place is excessively noisy, so we had trouble hearing each other and there were only 6 of us at a round table.  Lots of concrete, glass and steel to bounce the sound around.  But I digress . . .
The food and wine were very good.  The service was efficient and accommodating. There is a nice bar area where we waited until everyone arrived.  You can sit at the bar and watch people go by on the street.  The bartender was knowledgeable about the wines and offered good suggestions.
Parking is a bear. No surprise for Philly.Came here last week with a friend and it was great as always. Not as good as I remembered it but we over ordered so maybe I didn't enjoy it as much. The ricotta as always was perfect. The charcuterie plate was interesting but I don't love mortadella. The salami was very flavorful. The swordfish meatballs were really fishy, my husband said that's to be expected, but he wasn't there to know just how fishy they were. The cauliflower was just perfect. My biggest issue was the cacio y pepe, when I was in Italy I fell in love with this dish. However at Amis it tasted a little pasty and not very peppery which is kinda imperative to the dish. The pasta with the jalapeños made up for it, had a great kick. 
The staff as always was great. We were so full at this point that we knew we wouldn't be able to eat the scallops we ordered so the waiter canceled it for us no problem. 
Overall very good.Marc Vetri's third restaurant, serving up updated "Roman comfort food" in a warm, more casual atmosphere. The chef won the James Beard award last year for the best chef in the Mid-Atlantic, and it's clear that Amis is not just resting on its laurels. 
I find that you can generally judge the quality of a restaurant by how delicious and plentiful the bread is, even before any of the menu items arrive at the table. So naturally I got really excited when our server brought us a cornucopia of freshly baked, warm and chewy foccacia and sesame-studded bread. So good. 
And, indeed, every single dish we ordered was phenomenal. We had a bit from several different sections of the menu: 
Bruschetta - Stracciatella: not to be confused with the gelato, the stracciatella here was a stretchy mozzarella-like cheese, complemented with marinated fava beans and basil, which you spread yourself on thick crostin for a beautiful DIY bruschetta 
Seafood Antipasti - Black Bass Crudo: on the smaller side in terms of quantity, but every bite packed a punch, especially because the fish was topped with radishes and almonds that added a nice crunch
Pasta - Tonnarelli "Cacio e Pepe":  almost like a square-ish spaghetti, served with with pecorino sauce and black pepper; super simple but exceptionally done
Secondi - Roasted Duck Breast: slices of tender duck, with preserved scallions and this pickled mustard seed sauce that was tangy and sticky and textural all at once
Dessert - Tartufo: an ultra-rich chocolate hazelnut semifreddo bombe containing a few candied amarena cherries, covered in a fresh chocolate coating --  you definitely need to be able to handle your chocolate to try this, but if you appreciate desserts, you will not be disappointed 
Seriously, everything was so wonderful-tasting. Our server was really friendly and attentive, and with no noticeable wait for the food to come out. I don't know if there's such a thing as a 'perfect' experience in a restaurant, but Amis came pretty close.Really disappointed after all I'd been told about Amis. Restaurant was pretty empty when we got there but were seated directly next to the only other couple in the section. 
Waiter didn't mention any specials. Had to overhear them later when he finally told a different table. 
Some dishes were better than others including the cucumber melon salad. However the ravioli was so bland I wondered if there was even salt in the water when they cooked it. 
Roast pork pasta was good but nothing exciting. 
It's loud, overrated and little soulless.  Would not go back.this is a review for their sunday brunch:
as a waffle-lover, i was excited to try their "philly's best" waffles - unfortunately, i was left disappointed.  it was dripping in syrup.  i love sweets, but too sweet for my taste buds.  my s.o. ordered sausage and it was tasty, though too salty.  the polenta was okay.
service was good, but considering the price, i'd have to say i was underwhelmed.  they also charged us for water!  i requested still (as opposed to sparkling), thinking that would be tap, but they charged us $5!!
i was happy to find that on a sunday (late) morning, the restaurant wasn't too crowded.  now, i know why.  too expensive, quality not up to par.  don't think i will be going back.I was so excited to try out Vetri's Roman trattoria-style eatery having been to Rome twice in the past year and eating the best pastas of my life. And Vetri is a rock star in Philly, and Amis got good reviews and I basically thought I could trust all that...Wrong.
The pasta sauces weren't even close to being Roman let alone tasty Italian-American! The cacio e pepe was more alfredo and the pecorino lacked the tangy bite and saltiness that I love in that dish. It was just so creamy and mild with not nearly enough black pepper, not authentic at all. The amatriciana was even worse. There was a scarce amount of giant cubes of pancetta that were basically just fat. The tomato sauce was pretty much just tomato - no spice, no flavor, just warm tomato... I had the best amatriciana in Rome for half the price, and an arguably equally good bowl at our standby Melograno.
We got the secondi special that evening, pork loin wrapped in pork belly and they had just got the pig in the day before. The pork belly was very fatty (to be expected), but the loin was tough. When you pay for a special at a Marc Vetri restaurant, badly cooked pork is unacceptable.
The salad was so salty that they might have made a mistake (either way, a bad move), the grilled focaccia that came with some of the apps was soaked in stale oil that oozed and coated my mouth when I bit into it (gross!), but the meatballs were good (not spectacular though).
The napkins look like dish towels, which is kinda neat, but they shed like crazy all over your clothes. Whatever you do, don't wear black.
What we liked: the service was fine, but it was very in-and-out and our dinner was over in less than an hour. Vetri's famous fresh pasta was solid. They were a bit overdone for my taste,  but I like my pasta very al dente so I'll give them the pasta. 
Overall, we were so disappointed by the meal that we didn't even stay for dessert.
I would not recommend this restaurant at all. I feel like we ordered a balanced spread of dishes, and we weren't impressed by any of them.cool atmosphere, great drinks however mediocre salty foodFood was ok. I got the tomato and egg dish. I wasn't that impressed. We got also a pastry appetizer, which was also just ok.Absolutely amazing. Both the cacio e pepe and the ox tail were delicious. Cannot wait to return!I didn't have the greatest experience here. 
I started with a cocktail which was okay. No complaints.
The bread we were brought was BURNT!  Who serves burnt bread? It's not like 1 one was burnt was all was burnt...we had to dig/peel the inner core and eat that. Was it suppose to be served with olive oil? Because we didn't get any of that. Just BURNT BREAD!
The small plates we ordered was the fish meatball which frankly is more filler than fish. Weak!
I wanted to try the Pecorino but my friend was on a "diet" so we didn't get.
Based on yelp reviews- we both ordered the Skate with the lemon sauce. BIGGEST DINING MISTAKE OF THE YEAR THUS FAR!
It was ridiculously salty. We didn't know it was fried fish also. But it was RIDICULOUSLY salty. 
For $18? I sent that trash back! 
I think the waiter knew I didn't like it because he took his sweet time coming back to inquire how the meal was. I mean he took like 20mins! FINALLY, night was getting late and I figure he had to closeout so he came to ask how things were. I voiced my  opinion, and he offered me another choice on the menu.
I went with the pasta with oxtail Ragu. ..which  was better but not $16 better.
Either way, a disappointing night at a place that I was eager to experience. Maybe I'll try it again...or maybe I'll just head to Olive Garden where at least I'm getting what I'm paying for.It's a miracle we were able to get a reservation for the same day but Amis came through for us. Originally the reservation was for 4, but with an extra addition to our group, they were able to easily change that without any problems. That's a plus because I've been to places that are not flexible with any changes, so it started our night on a positive note. 
This was our first time dining at Amis, so our server was very friendly and he explained that you could dine family style or get the main entrees. After looking at the menu, it was clear that a combination was the way to go. For the appetizers, we had the baked pecorino / three springs apples, stracciatella, hazelnuts / bufala mozzarella, pumpkin, pistachio. The baked pecorino was my favorite but it was an extremely difficult decision because they were all incredble. The baked pecorino came on toast with the melted cheese, drizzled with honey. Originally the dish comes with 2 toasts, but since we were a party of 5, they brought out an extra plate with 3 extra slices. The three springs apples, stracciatella, hazelnuts has green apple slices, on the cheese with hazelnuts sprinkled throughout. This one was probably my least favorite and if I went back, I would order something else instead of this. It's hard to eat because there is so much cheese and almost nothing to eat the cheese with. The bufala mozzarella, pumpkin, pistachio was truly a pleasure. Eating a bite of everything is how you get the full flavor.
For the main meal, I chose the cacio e pepe because my theory is Italian food should be simple yet elegant. I once read that Russel Norman calls it part of the restaurant zeitgeist, which really resonated with me so here I am. It had perfect spaghetti with a light cheese sauce that was proportional to the amount of black pepper. My only concern was that there were several kernels of black peppercorn and that really leaves an aftertaste. I would prefer ground up pepper instead of the kernels. 
To round out the night, we ended with the belgian waffles, nutella, vanilla semifreddo, toasted hazelnuts and it was perfect. The waffles were coated with sugar, which added texture to the meal. I just loved this. There was nothing wrong with it. I'll be back to try all the vegetarian options.While we LOVE this restaurant, and have been here often, we were very disappointed the other night when we stopped in for wine and dessert at the bar after seeing a play at the Wilma. 
The female bartender was rude and dismissive. We wanted a glass of water, but every time we tried to get her attention she just walked by us. Then, when she was talking to the party next to us, my husband attempted to get her attention. She glared at him and said, "I see you. I'll be with you in a minute." Hubs was not pleased and I suspect she picked up on that when he asked for the check. He's usually very friendly to restaurant staff, but he was livid that she had been so rude. When she put the check on the counter she paused for a moment and smiled brightly and said thank you. Too late! We usually give very generous tips, but not this time. This time it was only 10%. And my husband felt that was more than she deserved.
I must say that when we mentioned it to the host on the way out, he was apologetic and very nice.
But I can't end this review without saying that Amis makes the most amazing rice pudding in Philadelphia. And the Mocato wine that the other bartender suggested was an excellent accompaniment.
We will return - we love Amis and the food is always exceptional. But this time the visit was not pleasant.3.75ish. Spent a Wednesday evening here for a full dinner with a couple friends. Very busy and I must say, great tunes. I rarely notice music at a restaurant, but it was a welcomed surprise. Recommended for a relaxed, casual meal. Arrive early and start at the bar for a pint. Beer selection was notable for an Italian joint. The food was well-prepared and tasty. Go for one of the bruschetta plates to start. Finish with tiramisu if they have it. My entree was average. Italian is tough for a wow. Being an out-of-towner and unsure of Philly pricing, it seemed a little on the high side for the nabe. I could be way off there though.If you are going to Amis, be sure to leave your home well before your reservation time and familiarize yourself with the area. Find the parking garage before you get there or you will be late. Traffic and Parking for us was a nightmare. There was no street parking but we eventually found a small lot a few blocks away. This caused us to be late for our reservation. Luckily they didn't cancel on us. 
The food at Amis was really good. Unfortunately they are very small portioned tapas with a big price. Be prepared to spend over $100 for two people. The food was good but we didn't feel it was worth the price. We weren't stuffed when we left the restaurant. 
The tables are too close together, making it uncomfortable. There are always people moving around you. 
I'd like to try Amis again. I had high expectations and it could be that our ordeal with traffic and parking ruined our day for us.After reading all the lovely reviews, i booked a reservation here while i was visiting philly for the wknd. i was not impressed. 
food was standard unimaginative italian fare. 
service was judgmental and far too snooty for the kind of place this is billed for.Amazing experience at Amis. We arrived late (11PM) after a show and they took us in with excellent service and no complaints. Definitely one of the top 5 Tapas places in the city. Make sure you try the Pork belly appetizer and the salami sampler. Pasta was exceptional and the skirt steak entrée was to die for. Very good wine selection as well. Don't skip dessert either because the salted butter ice cream was awesome. Don't miss out on this gem !I absolutely adore this place. Favorites are the grilled artichokes, the pasta with fresh corn, and the most tender rosemary chicken you can imagine. For desert, try the rice pudding. It might be the best I've ever had. The staff is warm and welcoming--Amanda is our favorite, so nice--and the atmosphere is lively without being too loud. We enjoy sitting at the bar overlooking the kitchen so we can watch the chefs do their thing. A lovely restaurant all around.We were lucky enough to have the amazing food experience at Amis that others have written about and couldn't have been happier. 
The atmosphere is modern but cozy with a great, buzzing energy that doesn't make you feel rushed through your meal, but leaves you feeling doted on by the staff.
After sampling two (strong, delicious!) cocktails at the bar, we were shown our table for 4, which was far enough away from the tables around us without making the dining room feel too vast. The wine list was very nice and not at all overwhelming, which made choosing our wines to go with our meal easy. In fact, the cocktail menu and food menus are in a similar style; plenty of options for diners with different tastes, yet simple enough for you to know great care is put into all of the dishes. 
The food was, in a word, FANTASTIC. Dinner really blew some other fine dining experiences we've had recently right out of the water. 
Highlights: Bufala Ricotta Bruschetta (great to share, light and creamy)...tuna croquettes (delicately fried, super fresh)...pork belly with fried peppers (come on!). We had the black spaghetti with braised squid and the grilled steak with marinated mushrooms for 'dinner' entrees. Both were cooked and prepared so excellently that I almost forgot how creepy black spaghetti can look. While I found the pasta salty for my taste (and thick with squid flavor- so only for those who love it) my boyfriend thought it was perfect and blinked at me with confusion when I mentioned the sodium content. So while everything we had on the table was an absolute winner...we all agreed that one dish was one we'd eat every day of our lives, were we so lucky: the fried Brussels sprouts side dish. Honestly, if you come for one thing, this may be it. But don't just come for one thing...just make sure you order this. 
Our meal was made even more amazing by our server, Lindsay, who was not only sweet, knowledgeable and attentive but a true professional who is polished without being uppity. When you dine here, ask for Lindsay. She is a doll.
Of course, this amazing dinner did not come cheap, but we were prepared to splurge this time. In fact, this is one of the only restaurants in Philly I would recommend 100% confidently to anyone who asks for an excellent night out...who can pay for it. And if you can't pay for it, just come and ask for Lindsay...then order a side of Brussels sprouts.We were originally suppose to go to a Russet BYOB; however, we forget the beverage laws on Sunday so we had to cancel our reservation at Russet 
Called up and got a table ASAP. 
Price: not expensive  
Decor: Okay...  We were both bored when we were there.....  
Food: Good  ...  It isn't anything to go nuts about...
I am annoyed I didn't come prepared and bring wine to Russet.  We walked in the night before at that place and the vibe is great.....So I finally made it to one of Vetri's restaurants, and it was a great choice.  When we first sat down, the waiter was a little aggressive.  We were chatting and hadn't looked at the menus, but he came by a few times to see if we were ready.  We finally ordered a carafe of the red wine.  It was decent, nothing special.  The waiter immediately returned to get our food order and of course we weren't ready.  We were probably there 10 minutes and he had already come by at least 5 times so we figured we better figure out the food.  I don't think I've ever felt so rushed and the restaurant wasn't crowded, but after the food order was placed the waiter pretty much left us alone.
Onto the food, started with the baked pecorino and honey, and prosciutto wrapped figs.  The pecorino was definitely the star of the show.  I would absolutely order that again.  The figs were good, but I've had better.  Next we shared the lamb and the rigatoni with wild boar ragu.  The lamb was awesome.  The waiter gave us this explanation when we ordered that its prepared differently and is brined, and a couple other things that almost scared me away, but I figured Vetri isn't going to serve something that isn't good.  I didn't find it salty at all.  It had a very interesting texture, kind of like short ribs without all the fat.  Some of it was a little dry or just overcooked though and took a lot of effort to cut.  The rosemary potatoes that came with were super tasty.
I wasn't so sure about the pasta at first, but it grew on me, and then I wanted to keep eating it.  It has a very unique flavor, I can't really describe it, except to say that it tastes great.  I would probably try another pasta next time.
Ended with the tartufo, but I only had a bite.  It was very rich, and I'm not a huge dessert person, just wanted to taste it.  All in all a really great, but pretty expensive dinner.  Definitely recommend it.Full Review in Blog:
Having already scheduled the Degustazione at Vetri and a lunch at Osteria for later in the week it seemed only logical that I sample the whole lineup during my visit and as such my first lunch of the trip would occur at the newest of the spaces - Amis, on South 13th Street.
Collecting on my 1:15 reservation I was offered outdoors or indoors and wanting to watch the action I selected a seat at the bar so that I could watch the kitchen at work.  Greeted by my pleasant (and exceedingly helpful) server as well as General Manager Ben Fileccia I inquired about portion sizes and how best to experience as many tastes as possible without filling up too quick.
Differing from the contemporary feeling of Osteria and the rustic formality of Vetri there were a few commonalities between the three - specifically the flowered and the service which was all at once pleasant, whimsical, professional, and knowledgeable.
Starting things off, my first selection would be the daily House Cured Salumi Platter.  Beginning first with the hard salami I found the flavor to be appropriately porky but nicely balanced by the aromatics while the onions added a pungency that helped to meld the flavors together.  Moving next to the coppa and honey - a delectable balance of sweet and savory with the crunchy walnuts adding texture.  Finally, and most anticipated, was the terrine - not fully whipped I have to admit I truly loved the chunky texture and the overall flavor was more foie gras than chicken.  Paired with sour black cherries the pate spread nicely on the bread and most definitely served as the highlight of the platter.
Dish 2, Almond dusted sweetbreads with fennel marmalade didn't wow.  While the thymus itself was appropriately crunchy on the outside and creamy within, I personally did not taste much almond or sweetbread as the marmalade overwhelmed some of the subtleties of the dish.  Having had a number of sweetbread preparations over the years I will note the quality of the product was excellent, but the flavor pairing just was not to my liking.
Dish 3 - Fried lamb's tongue with salsa rossa was minimally gamey but intensely textural and compelling as the lightly fried tongue was exquisitely tender and balanced nicely with the sweetened red pepper reduction.  Adding lightly cooked red onions served to add a vegetal texture and the entirety of the course was truly enjoyable - a definite must order.
My final small plate would be the charred prosciutto wrapped figs with ricotta.  Another exploration of sweet and savory these small bundles featured creamy figs wrapped with razor thin prosciutto slices that were seared black before my eyes before being plated atop a bed of whipped ricotta.  Drizzling the entirety of the dish with a thick acidic balsamic reduction and served piping hot I will admit that the $12 price tag seemed a bit steep for only four servings, but the complexity and intensity of the flavors more than justified the expense.
Asking the chef closest to me what pasta he'd recommend I was guided to the fettuccine with pork ragu and stone fruit.  With pecorinio shaved over the dish before me I plunged a fork into the thick ragu and was met with a subtle mélange of salty shredded pork and the sweet fructose of the fruits.  Melding perfectly with the al dente pasta I will say that this dish was the second best pasta I had during my trip to Philadelphia, falling just short of Vetri's signature spinach gnocchi in "wow" factor.
Sated but not stuffed my next order was coffee - my first of 5 experiences with the La Colombe lineup during my trip to Philadelphia.  Cocoa accented with high notes of caramel the coffee was stunning and a perfect pairing for chocolate based desserts (future tastes at Osteria and Vetri only served to confirm this) - I bought three pounds before returning to Ohio.  Accompanying the coffee, this time ignoring my server's suggested dessert, was the daily dessert special of Tiramisu.  With lady fingers made in house and the evening's batch being prepared before me a large slice was presented on a plate and although not avant-garde in any way, the classical preparation was flawless in execution with cocoa, mascarpone, coffee, and rum each presenting prominently.
Looking back in retrospect at the Vetri family of restaurants I can now say that Amis is certainly the least refined and yet not the least pricey.  Tapas in its presentation I feel the ideal way to experience it would be with a group, as is their intent, in order to taste as many different presentations as possible - and if I lived locally I'd be looking for a group right now in order to head back for more.I had a reservations for 9:15. We waited for over 25 minutes. To add to our frustrations, Yelp represents this restaurant as a BYOB. My friends and I showed up with bottles in hand. After requesting that the corkage fee be waived, we were greeted by the manager who was less than accommodating. Needless to say, we left. Would not recommend.Probably the best Italian I have EVER had. And not only is the food delicious, but the ambience is classy, understated, warm, and welcoming. Our server, Amanda, was very sweet and helpful in recommending items on the menu as well as explaining their "family table" concept.
My boyfriend and I chose to sit by the open kitchen, which was fun to see the kitchen staff of chefs at work preparing all the tasty dishes. The chef even sent over a dish of amazing steamed mussels for us "first-timers". We were almost completely full off the baked pecorino, heirloom tomato bruschetta, and the loaves of delicious rosemary-olive oil bread. However, when our main dishes arrived, we couldn't resist the housemade pasta and seared chicken. We ate almost half and Amanda boxed up the rest of it for us to take home. The carafe of house wine was also a perfect accompaniment to a delectable meal.
All in all, decently priced, high-quality, complex ingredients, and a fabulous place to sit, sip, munch, and enjoy the ambience. Can't wait to come back!
Oh and did I mention it's only a block or so away from our apartment??I loved the homey vibe of the place.  We sat at a communal table with a family of 5 and a couple.  We all compared notes, which was fun.  Sadly, this place has a long way to go to be considered a great restaurant.  Nothing we ate stood out as delicious.  Everything was simply competent, and let's be frank...  if you're spending $50 each pp before alcohol, tax and tip, you should be full.  The portions are tiny for the prices, but most importantly, every dish we tasted (EACH AND EVERY) had a flaw.  Some were undersalted, others just lacked a flavor punch of any kind.  These are simple dishes, folks.  They should be executed flawlessly.  I'll try once more before throwing in the towel.Went here for my birthday last year (it was in June!).  I know, I know--why take so long to write a review?  Well, to be honest, I feel compelled to not allow my fellow philadelphians to waste their precious earned money and time on this restaurant when there are obviously so many other better places to eat in this city (like Lorenzo's Pizza)
To start:
I asked the waiter for lightly toasted bread and he gave me attitude.  I ordered the escargot appetizer and it was GRITTY!  Insulting, really.  The chef obviously does not taste the food.
My quail was soggy. And my husbands dish really was unappetizing (forgot what it was sorry!)  The only thing that I really liked was the melted cheese appetizer and the wine was decent.
Thankfully, I had a $100 gift certificate.  But upon leaving I begged my husband to take me to Lorenzos for a slice of pie (which he didn't do b/c apparently when I speak it's like the charlie brown teacher speaking to him) because we left disappointed and hungry and $50 less in our pockets than when we came in (and that after the GC!)
In conclusion--DON'T buy the hype.  Mark Vetri's place is overrated.  I personally would not put my name on a place this poorly run and with horrible food AND high prices.
Oh...and to the person who personally sent me an email message calling me a moron?  You are blocked AND to let you know I have graduated with two advanced degrees at the top of my class each time.  If you work at amis, you should take this as constructive criticism and try to make yourself better.  Unfortunately, your ignorance will indeed cost you and I've reported you to the yelp cs.Awesome dining experience in Philly!  Be sure to make a reservation at Amis - the restaurant was still packed during our 9:15pm reservation on a Saturday night and remained full throughout dinner.  I was slightly confused when I heard the name because "amis" is "friends" in French and originally assumed it was a French restaurant, but Amis actually serves unique, upscale Italian dishes - and they do it damn well.
Starters: eggplant caponata bruschetta (fantastic flavor, I could have eaten it by the bowlful) and arancini with braised meat (I still prefer a classic marinara sauce, but the ragu paired with the rice fritters is a nice twist).
Pastas: spinach lasagna with veal Bolognese looks small at first, but it's the perfect portion of homemade spinach pasta with rich meat sauce.  I had my first experience with squid ink pasta (pasta special that night).  The pasta tasted slightly briny from the squid ink and there were tons of jumbo lump crab meat throughout the gorgeous, inky, black strands of pasta = the absolute perfect seafood dish, I adored every bite.
The "tartufo al bacio" chocolate and hazelnut dessert looked like a giant chocolate Baci bomb - as a major lover of all things chocolate, I approve!
Service at Amis is on point, prices are reasonable, nice options for alcohol, ambiance is lively, modern, hip, and I'm a big fan of the open kitchen.  I would totally return here during my next trip to Philly.Upon walking in, we both instantly feel in love with warm, romantic lighting and perfect volume of the music. The tables were rather close to one another like all small space restaurants but we didn't mind so much. (On a side note, the guy sitting next to us turned out to be Jamie Moyer from the Phillies...too bad neither of us recognized him until the waiter said how cool that was). 
My carne-loving foodie friend decided to be vegetarian with me for the night and even though our choices were limited, I think we made some awesome selections. The roasted squash was decent and the baked pecorino with almond honey was AMAZZZZZZZING. Honey does wonders. That dish makes me want to put honey on everything.
My friend wanted some variety and ordered the arancini di riso with meat ragu but turned out to be way too dry for her. Though I didn't try it, the presentation was nice. For our pasta, we chose the persimmon and fennel lasagna and mmm mmm mmm it was soo super duper yummy. 
Our favorite part - desert! The belgium waffle with nutella was SO good and i wish we had ordered two. We also had the apple walnut cake with some semifriddo but it was nothing compared to the waffle.
We will def be back!Too hit and miss for the price.
Misses:
- Old school meatballs were dry and the tomato "sauce" has the consistency of a crushed tomato paste
- Fried Brussels sprouts were completely overdone and should not have left the kitchen.
Hits:
- Veal steak was pretty good but just barely medium (some parts were well done). Server did not ask us for our preference on done-ness, so I would expect something closer to medium-rare. The accompanying peaches were tasty, but a steak and six slices of peaches for $32 lacks value.
- Bucatini with jalapeño and pesto was probably the best dish. A little heat combined with melted cheese and pesto was delicious.
Service was good if a little over attentive.Amis is type of restaurant that makes me totally nostalgic for Philly and that I can't seem to find in Manhattan.
Over two years I went to this place a bunch of times.  The food was always delicious and deceptively simple.  The cooking had a warmth and hominess that always managed to give me a sense of general well being.  You could go back and forth between go-to classics and stuff that was a little more organ-meat adventurous.  You could get white truffles shaved on your ____ or just have a simple plate of pasta.  Vetri gets flack for some reason, but this place is truly a gift.  Awesome, accessible cooking that you could afford to eat at weekly if you wanted to (and stayed away from the white truffles.)This is a fine place to get upscale renditions of Italian comfort food.
We started with the arancini di riso with meat ragu, two very tasty rice balls which were very enjoyable but a third would've made the dish more substantial.
After that we had our entrees.  I went with the paccheri with swordfish and eggplant fries - very hearty and tasty and a good dish for the price.  My wife had a pasta special that I can't quite remember but I know that she was offering lots of it to me while snagging bites of my paccheri. :)
Service was fast and attentive and we were out in no-time.  I think for the amount of food you actually eat it's a little overpriced but I'd recommend this place for a couple or group looking for a nice night out in Philly.Finally made it over to Amis on a beautiful May night in the city. This is the 3rd Vetri restaurant we have visited, Alla Spina and Pizzeria Vetri being the other two. Amis is very pleasant inside and has an open and comfortable feel. The restaurant was doing a brisk business on this Thursday night. The recession sure looked over at Amis.
The dishes we had were as follows, some selected from other Yelp reviews, thanks.
Mortadella with hazelnut honey salumi - We really like this dish, it was sweet and salty.
Swordfish meatballs with creamy polenta and pine nuts - My wife loved this but it did have some flavoring with anchovies. If you don't like anchovies beware. Ironic because I am not a fan of anchovies but I liked this dish. I didn't love it but the pine nuts made it interesting and the anchovy taste was just below my breaking point.
Spring pea tortelli with lamb ragu and mint - This was a fantastic dish, it is worth coming back for.
Bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto - This was also excellent with just the right amount of heat.
Paccheri with swordfish and eggplant fries - The eggplant fries were fantastic, very good dish.
Olive oil cake with blood orange marmalade and whipped cream - This was OK, didn't really wow us.
Amis serves this bread cooked in olive oil. Beware; it is awesome and easy to fill up on. Our service was excellent even though the restaurant was busy.
With the 2 appetizers, 4 pasta dishes, 1 dessert a couple of coffees and 2 beers and a soda we were in the $130.00 range or about $32.00 per head before tip. Amis is not cheap but we were all stuffed.  I liked Amis and glad we were able to get there.We had a Valentine's weekend dinner and it was a great experience. What truly sold me, they service. (The food is excellent) they had run out of braised lamb shank, so the send over the chef's favorite pasta dish (complimentary) & they also gave us the salty semifreddo for free. On many reviews, people complained about ambience, specifically how loud it. It didn't bother me at all.  We will definitely go again!Rude, inattentive service. Unprofessional, disconcerting behavior by our server that made me consider leaving before I even ordered. It's unfortunate because the food was good and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. Won't return until they retrain their staff.I got the cacio e pepe pasta dish, the scallops crudo and the pitzel and semifreddo sandwhich all of which were amazing.  My date's dish was the pork chop, good but not as great.  Also, great service!Very friendly and efficient staff.  Excellent wine selection.   We went after going to Les Mis at the Academy (easy walk).  We asked, at the last minute, if we could add another guest and they graciously made accommodations for us with only a slight time change.  The appetizer (small plate) selections were impossible to choose from because they all sounded yummy.  The pasta selections and chicken saltambucca (sp?) was outstanding.  Can't say enough good things - even desserts were all above average.  Would definitely go back.Went here last week! Baked pecorino with almond honey is to die for ! Should have gotten 2 orders! Did not want to share! The bucatini with almond pesto and jalapeños is great also another winner from Marc VetriI came here for a work event. First the team was very accommodating with me when I called to make and change our reservation. So our night started off on a good note. 
I had been here before but this time got to try much more since there were so many people to share with. Some of my favorites were the arancini balls, baked pecorino with honey, the cauliflower, and I think the primativa wine. I could have just had the arancini balls as my meal, they were that good. They were stuffed with corn and cheese so a little sweet but balanced with the fresh tomato based sauce. This should go on the menu permanently! I believe it was part of the special. 
I had the bucatini pasta which was good. Honestly the last time I was there it was much better but the appetizers were so good I'll let it go. 
If you haven't tried this place, check it out!We had a great meal at Amis.  Our waiter knew the menu inside and out so that was helpful.  The baked pecorino with almond honey was fantastic.  I had the guinea hen for dinner which was very flavorful but not as tender as I expected.  I ordered a bottle of wine but they were out of stock so I settled for something different.  It was a good experience and I would definitely go back again.Amazing! Went here for dinner tonight and the menu had so many delicious sounding options.  I tried two appetizers and a pasta and loved it all.  The staff was friendly and prompt, the atmosphere warm (which was great on such a cold night).My husband and I tried Amis last night as it's close to our house and we loved Osteria, which is not as close and hard to get reservations! Our server, Graham, was phenomenal. The appetizers were delicious, albeit a little salty, and I find that 20 dollars for a carafe of table wine is affordable and fair. The entrees were a fine size -- husband had the ravioli with spring asparagus (so good - I wish I had ordered them!!) and I had the mixed seafood grill. I wish the seafood grill had come with veggies as opposed to polenta. I would go back in a heartbeat and sit at the bar and order apps. The entire place has a cozy, warm feel. Loved it!Appetizers were great!  The pasta was really salty to the point we sent it back.  The replacement was somewhat better.Amazing food, great service, fun atmosphere..... Vetri does it again!Appetizers were delicious especially the honey baked pecorino and the ricotta bruschetta. Bronzino was wonderful. Swordfish meatballs were also tasty but the polenta it was served on was not good.
Giving it 3 stars because of the service. Took a long time to get our drinks and bread for the table. Also the staff gave our dishes and drinks to the wrong people and for such a pricey dinner I think they should have known who was getting what.I am so glad I made the decision to go and check out this restaurant before leaving the city. 
My friend, and fellow Yelper, Sarah P. was kind enough to indulge me for an evening dinner at a place I had only heard great things about. We were quickly accommodated with seating once we arrived, and our waiter was extremely attentive and fun as well.
The pasta and other items were clearly fresh and I suggest you check out the pictures I've posted to get a better idea of what the final product looked like. But the meatballs paired with my pasta extremely well, and were large and filling but still light at the same time. Not to mention the adult beverages we checked out were pretty tasty as well. 
Our waiter surprised us with tiramisu presumably because I told him it was very likely my first and last trip to the restaurant, and believe me when I say it didn't disappoint either. 
This place is definitely solid and it's rating speaks for itself. I look forward to possibly coming back whenever I revisit Philly, and recommend it to anyone considering.Amis is sexy and hip and in a cool neighborhood, and I like the idea of it, but I was ultimately disappointed in our experience.
The food was okay but I just don't understand their concept of small bites. These were miniscule bites, and kind of bland.  The server raved about the meatballs, we ordered, (there were three to an order, like three teensey weensey meatballs) and we were like, "meh".
* The arancini (two to an order, they are also super-tiny) are just boring.  The shaved parmesan on top offered the only flavor.
* The veal canneloni needed something, maybe salt.  I'm not sure.
* I liked the buffala ricotta bruschetta but $8 for two small pieces of bread is a bit redonk, Mr. Vetri.
I'm not cheap in the least but I left starving after a $90 tab for two glasses of wine and what amounted to just a few bites of food.
Heavy sigh.Went here on a Weds night a few weeks ago. Great, lively, bustleing and noisy space; lots of fun. delicious food. very stylish and chic clientel. go with friends and get to know your neighbors. Upon arrival, there were no tables immediately available so the maitre'd offered us seats at "The Chefs Table." He made this sound exclusive but it's just seating at the counter looking over the open kitchen. We actually liked this since it's fun to watch the line cooks do their thing and you get to see all the food going out. We ordered our selections based more from seeing the dishes than by reading the menu.
The wine list was way too expensive for my BYO-preferred palate so we just ordered a carafe of the house white which was, I believe, Trebbiano (a simple Italian/Tuscan varietal). The wine stems/glasses were of excellent quality which made it a pleasure to sip this simple but fresh and tasty house wine.  It was a good match with the swordfish meatballs which were tasty and interesting. We also ordered the mussels which were very good with awesome sauce to mop up with the bread. Also had an incredilbly good cucumber salad with hot pepper, mint and super creamy, delicious ricotta cheese. really really good;  sort of like an Italian-style Isreali salad.
With a carafe of house red this time (blend of Sangiovese and Merlot) we ordered the eggplant lasagna. just a fabulous mess of homemade pasta, eggplant, tomato and cheese, all broiled to perfect bubbly deliciousness. I also ordered the duck with grilled peaches which was great too. We were also comped an order of Sals "old school" meatballs; again they made it sound like "the chef" sent them over out of the goodness of his heart but we saw a waiter bring them back from the dining room a minute before, but we didn't mind because these meatballs were OUT OF THIS WORLD - very rich tasting from (what tasted like to me) parmegiano reggiano (the real deal) added to the forcemeat before cooking. These were, bar none, the best meatballs I've ever had!  I felt sorry for whoever sent them back. We liked them so much we got anoher order!
The service was friendly and attentive and, even though a little disengenuous, the free meatballs that were sent back was a nice touch.  Overall, i thought the food at Amis was outstanding. I'd give it 5 stars except I thought it was just a little too pricey for what the place is trying to be. But if you've got some cash to spend and dont mind a little noise (and lots of fun) I'd definitely recommend it.I'm very disappointed with Amis; they have so much potential to be great, but they just missed the mark almost entirely. Their house wine tasted like Barefoot-- very sugary and not much quality. All of our dishes were overpriced for the taste. We got the cauliflower, bucatini, and chicken. Of the three, the cauliflower was the only thing remotely interesting. Sorry to say, I wouldn't go back. Nothing was impressive.I will become a regular to make up for lost time.  I had a hunch that I would be returning as soon as I walked in to this casual, dimly lit and rustic looking place. 
The small dishes aren't quite as tiny as I had expected them to be so that was a pleasant surprise. The monkfish skewers in some type of nut based sauce were very good.  The PASTA is what this place is all about.  My hen and apple ragu was perfect. My friend's black spaghetti was perfect. The pork tagliatelle was perfect. Next time I will have to have only pasta and an entree so that I don't fill up too quickly.
Another plus, they had a great beer list.  
Service: I have to note that that the food really had to be satisfying to make up for the offensive start to the night. The manager apologized for the 30 minute wait for our reservation because the hostess forgot about us...it was obnoxious and the resolution was unprofessional.  I usually don't comment on service but this really rubbed me the wrong way.I'm surprised by the mediocre reviews for this place. We went for lunch here, with a party of 6, including one child. The food was incredibly good. We ordered a variety of things, sweet and savory, and enjoyed  all of it. The bucatini was recommended to me, and it was perfect. 
I have to take a moment to appreciate our waiter. Javas was incredible. Attentive and friendly, he immediately came across as an unbelievably nice guy. He was kind to my son, respectful, and knowledgeable. He went above and beyond, actually chasing us down the street several blocks to give us leftovers we had forgotten!Amis is a hit or miss kind of restaurant, that is why the mix reviews.
We all started with some bruschetta, except for me. I had the trippa alla romana (tripe stew), for which our friendly waitress encourage my menu selection. Well, the bruschettas were all very appetizing, but my stew was pretty average. It tasted kind of cheesy, and I don't even think cheese is supposed to be an ingredient. I have had the original dish in Florence, and also the Spaniard version of this dish. Both very different than Amis version.
As a main course my wife had one of the pasta specials and I had the roasted lamb with potatoes. The pasta was just average, my lamb was very dry. Overall, the worst lamb dish I have had in Philadelphia so far.
We were disappointed about coming here for dinner. I mean, Amis chef is a James Beard award winning chef, and the food we had was just average at best. At least it was not extremely expensive for what we ate.
Also the restaurant is so loud that you can barely hear the waitresses or the people sitting in front/next to you.
Service was good. Their prosecco is not bad.Took my sister and nephew after the play at the  Academy of Music. I've never eaten here but found the place very charming and most importantly the food was fantastic! We decided to order a few appetizers and a couple of entrees as family style and shared amongst the three of us. Everything was fantastically made and tasted unbelievably good!  I would definitely come back again and it's not too far of a distance from the Theater District. If I had one request that would be for them to open a little earlier on Sundays. The play was over at 3:45 and they did not open till 5 o'clock. No worries, we walked around town and they let us inside to keep warm until they were officially open at 5!It's good but overpriced. I think the pasta dishes were smaller than usual and didn't have enough sauce. The lamb was memorable, along with the olive oil cake. The root vegetable pasta didn't seem to have more than specks of root vegetables and the hen ragu pasta was almost dry. The meatballs were good. The contorni were not worth it. The bacio semifreddo was too rich. The house red wine was good.First time coming here and enjoyed our meal and service.  We ordered
-Salami Del Giorno with Onion Marlamade - home made salami, but it was okay. 
-Sal's Meatballs - very tender and delicious - beef, veal, and pork - cooked to medium. 
-Cacio E Pepe - we just came from Italy and not a bad rendition of the classic pasta dish.  It's a little blander than what we got in Italy, but you can really taste the pepper and wasn't as salty (which we preferred)
-Rigatoni - good dish as well - cooked al dente.  
-Dessert - Belgium waffle - very tasty and extraordinarily light/fluffy waffle.  Great with the nutella and hazelnuts.  
Awesome place - not as good as Italy, but close enough!The verdict is in: converted warehouse spaces are perfect settings for restaurants.  Here, the wide open and light-filled dining room with simple but sublime decor and a convivial ambiance translates into a gorgeous overall aesthetic that challenges the chef to create innovative, delicious, and beautiful food.  Thankfully the chef is more than fit for the challenge.
The good vibes started early on, as we walked up the leafy block of South 13th Street and into this handsome, post-industrial brick building.   The first thing that hit the table were four freshly-baked, glistening slices of olive oil focaccia.  As our uber-chill server presented the bread, I thought to myself...doesn't all focaccia have olive oil?  How is this so different, special?  The answer came back instantly:  this is focaccia 2.0, maybe even 3.0.  The olive oil permeates every micro-nook in the bread, crust to center, and the server explained that they continuously bathe with the oil as it bakes.  With nothing else, one would have a satisfying feast, but there was so much more.
The buffalo mozzarella with charred asparagus, mint, and pickled red onions was an obvious starter choice, despite the presence of other very tempting options.  Everything came together nicely in a rich and diverse palette of flavors, and the buffalo mozzarella, often hard to find, was a rare treat.  I would have appreciated a bit more asparagus, but alas, perfection is elusive.  
The pasta menu stumped us profoundly, as every dish, plus the two specials of the evening, were order-worthy.  We relinquished control to our server, a decision that proved genius.  
The bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto was a harmonious convergence of nutty and spicy, the latter taste somewhat muted as the peppers were cooked down to a modest mellowness.  The fettuccine with guinea hen ragu and snap peas featured delicately braised meat and very thin, homemade noodles, delivering a light and deeply satisfying dish.  We made the brilliant decision to pair the pasta with fried Brussels sprouts with lemon.  The result was a huge bowl of impeccably cooked, not too greasy, subtly tart sprouts:  yet another example of how 21st century chefs have fully resuscitated the reputation of this previously ostracized vegetable.
The grand finale of the evening was an extraordinarily rich salted butter semifreddo with  rhubarb marmalade and sbrisailona, a crumbly almond cake that likely makes few if any appearances on contemporary American menus (a shame).   Our sense of the semifreddo's richness was undoubtedly increased by our realization that it tasted almost exactly like straight softened butter.  Along with the semifreddo, our new amis at Amis brought us Mom-Mom's rice pudding, a splendid and creamy rendition of an old favorite, topped with figs, pistachios, and other delights.My wife and I just went to Amis over the weekend.  I knew the food was going to be delicious, just because it is a Vetri restaurant.  I had been to Vetri and Osteria and loved them.  Amis had a different feel to it.  I felt Amis was as close to a Roman meal as you can get in Philly.  We order the tripe, veal tongue, sweetbreads, pork belly, and obviously the cacia e pepe.  We ordered one other pasta that had swordfish and eggplant in it.  It was very good, but the other dishes were amazing.  
The cacia e pepe was the star.  It is such a basic meal, with only about three or four ingredients, but it was done to perfection.  I would say the tripe and the pork belly were our next favorite dishes of the night.  The broccoli and shaved sharp prov that came with the pork belly complimented the dish perfectly.  
We will def go back asap.  Top three restaurant I have been to in a long time.I'd say it's three stars for dinner, but five stars for brunch (so four is an average).  So go on Saturday or Sunday morning, and start with a Granita, which is an amazing cocktail of prosecco and accompanying red wine granita.  You could stop there and the trip would have been worth your while -- but don't.   Go for the raviolo al uovo, and pair it with roasted potatoes.  There's no better way to start the day.i happen to love all of the Vetri restaurants b/c i believe their attention to detail is second to none. this place is no different. we were in center city yesterday for my younger son and we decided last minute to stop in for brunch. this is absolutely the best kept secret in Philly. no waiting (first time ever and you know how good the food is), and a very relaxing atmosphere to just hang out and sample the whole menu. my wife and i started with great campari cocktails. we then had the olive oil torta w/ apple butter and fresh whipped cream, what a moist delicious cake. being a cheese guy i wanted to try the baked pecorino with almond honey, it was a fondue w/crushed almonds in honey, how simply basic italian and a real treat. next  Tonnarelli carbonara, raviolo all'uovo (which my son devoured), & squash lasagna (sooo goood). then house made polenta scrapple with farm eggs and tomatoes & sunny side up duck egg with grilled guanciale over soft creamy polenta, WOW! and if that weren't enough, my son needed dessert. we had a tiramisu and the choc pear torta for good measure. needless to say this held us over thru dinner as well. what a great way to experience the restaurant and how fantastic all of their ingredients are.Stopped in last minute on a Friday.  We sat at the bar.  The menu was interesting.   The service was great.  Apparently the second course took longer that it should have even though we didn't even notice so they brought s a complimentary bruschetta.  It was a very nice gesture.  They also had a great selection of interesting cocktails.  This place was packed by 6 pm.I love what Amis is doing.  We were there for Philly beer week.  The menu is pushing the envelope.  
Fish meatballs, mint lamb ragu, cucumber salad with mint and ricotta... On the more normal end we also had the grilled seafood, bruschetta, and a cheese platter, all of which were delicious.  
Our service was great, the food was exceptional, and I really liked the atmosphere.  The place isnt cheap, but it is certainly not overpriced.  
Amis is INCREDIBLE for Philadelphia.  I hope Vetri keeps the menu adventuresome.  Likewise, I hope he keeps changing the menu so diners can experience new combinations and flavors each time they go.  I am a foody, but I would never have put mint in a ragu in a million years.  While there is a BYOB difference for some of the restaurants im about to mention, why go to Audrey Claire, Twenty Manning, MeMe, Friday Saturday Sunday, or Valanni, when you can experience something totally different at Amis.Came here on a Saturday night for a nice dinner. The place is nice but not super fancy, which is great. Awesome date spot. Servers were wonderful! The food was so damn good. We at too much, as usual. The bread soaked in olive oil made me want to cry tears of joy.Swordfish meatballs were clutch. Brussel sprouts were made perfectly. They even gave us some sweetbreads on the house to try (google it, it's not actually sweet bread, it was veal thymus gland). Our entrees were the polenta ravioli with beef ragu, which was good, and the lamb shoulder with roasted potatoes, which was slap-your-mama good. Best dinner I've had in a while. We'll definitely be back.I couldn't wait to try the Marc Vetri restaurants when i moved here and this is one of my firsts. The ambiance is casual yet nice enough for a fancy date. I called ahead to make reservations for a weekend night and there was no wait.
The bread was freshly cut and service was great!
The swordfish meatballs are a must try (as everyone else below me said) and I normally dont touch meat but decided to go for a bite. Didint disappoint.
The pasta dishes were nothing special but still very well made with delightful little additions.
Overall, pretty awesome place but I dont know if its one I'd frequent.We found ourselves at Amis for our Wednesday date night because of all of the great reviews on Yelp. We were seated immediately by the very friendly host and hostess and ordered up a couple of Martinis to go with the olive oil infused bread.
We started off with a couple small plates...roasted cauliflower, baked pecorino with honey, and swordfish meatballs. The cauliflower and the cheese were good but the meatballs were mealy and very fishy tasting. I had the Jalapeno and almond pesto pasta for my main...overcooked and uninspired. For desert we shared a sundae with a blood orange sauce. The overly bitter sauce didn't pair that well with the very sweet ice cream. To be honest I didn't even like the bread. I'm actually still looking forward to trying Osteria and haven't given up totally on Mr. Vetri.Had another great meal here last night. The menu remains very inventive, but this time we got to experience the chef's ability to innovate too. The specials were a trio of pork preparations, two of which we tried. A wonderful fettuccini entree featuring the pork shoulder and a pork belly and polenta preparation that was unreal. The starters, including the amazing swordfish meatballs, continue to make a trip here worth it all by themselves.Wow!! What an amazing meal. We dined at Amis for Brunch on a recent Sunday afternoon. We sat outside and not only enjoyed the great weather but had one of the best meals in recent memory. The brunch menu has plenty of options - we started with a decadent house made cinnamon bun covered with fresh whipped cream with maple syrup, could easily be a dessert but hey, sometimes you need to have dessert first! For our mains we had the Burger, Rigatoni and shared a kale caesar salad. My wife said her burger was the best she's had in quite some time and I agreed. The rigatoni was excellent as well, fresh, and we could tell it was made with love. The croutons in the kale caesar were sooo good. We loved Amis so much that we made a reservation for an upcoming dinner. Also, our server Ross was professional, courteous, helpful, friendly and non-intrusive. He provided superior service and attention to detail. Our compliments to the chef, Ross, the hosts, manager and any other staff who stopped by our table. All were gracious and hospitable and it was obvious they take food/service very seriously. Go to Amis for brunch (or any other meal) I guarantee you will not be disappointed. We look forward to returning! Thank you Amis!I have eaten here a few times and love it more each time.  Great, friendly and helpful service!  The food is amazing.  The baked pecorino with almond honey is a must have to start the evening off.  Some items on the menu can be a bit confusing so I always ask the server for recommendations and usually try a few things they list.  I have never been disappointed in what I get.  Some of the things I have loved are the sweetbreads, the papardelle with veal breat ragu and the octopus.Have been to this restaurant several times during recent project work in Philadelphia, and I can say that I'm consistently impressed with the food and service, particularly given the relatively modest price point.  
Atmosphere is terrific, very relaxed and comfortable.  Service is consistent with the best service at much more expensive restaurants, but with a friendliness that you won't find elsewhere.  The food is dependably terrific.  I've tried 10-12 things off the menu now after several visits, and I have been happy with everything.  The swordfish meatballs were standouts - buttery and delicious.  Also, the roasted lamb - really amazing.Maybe it's me. I'm not much of a tapas guy but I really expected more. We got there early so they seated us right next to the front door with bar stools for seats, we said we'd wait for another table and after 15 minutes they seated us right next to the back door. The wine they served me was fine but they only gave me a quarter of the glass worth. Food was OK. If you go you'll be shelling out a lot of cash for nothing much.Came back for brunch and it was yummy. Definitely more on the pricy side because we only got entrees and wasn't entirely full after. The portions are Definitely not large but probably healthier. Get more app and things to share!Went to Amis last night with two friends before seeing a show, and we were definitely impressed.  As we always do at a new restaurant, we went with all of our server's recommendations.  We ordered the buffalo ricotta bruschetta (very simple but incredible - best ricotta I have ever tasted), the meatballs (you only get three but they are so tender and delicious in a really authentic Italian sauce with an unique thick texture), the octopus salad (best octopus I've ever tasted, combined with olives and a simple, clean dressing), and the risotto (fried balls of risotto - an interesting texture but not with the powerful flavor I had hoped for).  For dessert we got the waffles with nutella, and weren't particularly wowed.  
Yes, the portions are small but we knew what we were getting so we ordered several of them and weren't left unsatisfied.  The wine list  was surprisingly great - really well rounded with options at both ends of the price spectrum and a pretty impressive and reasonable carafe of house red at $20.  I have to agree with the other reviewers, the classic rock music selection felt a little weird.  I like to enjoy the background music in a restaurant without really noticing it specifically, and I certainly don't think I've ever remembered individual songs before (the beatles, the doors, tom petty).  Overall, the food was great, the service wonderful and even overly-attentive (understandable for a restaurant in its first week, however), and we had a really great experience.  Marc hit another one out of the park!Would not go back because for those prices, the food would need to blow me away and it was just okay at best. Swordfish meatballs were gross, very fishy and a weird texture. Bread was good. Jalapeño Bucatini was fine, nothing special. Bufalo mozzarella was a little weird. Fennel salad was okay. Veal was good, not great. Polenta side was weird. Monk fish was fine. Drinks were very good - great selection. Overall way over priced for just okay tasting food. Service was good!The food was reminiscent of our time in Italy.  The baked pecorino with honey was delectable. Also enjoyed the meatballs and the crispy pork shank.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  I recommend sitting at the bar seats by the kitchen, so you can smell and see all the fabulous foods as they are made.One of the best meals I've had in Philly! Everything was delicious and the service was amazing. We had the fried cauliflower, calamari, rotini with lamb and the cacio e pepe and it was all soo good. I'm not usually a dessert person but I was so tempted by the sticky buns I saw I had to try one. It did not disappoint!! Neither did the tartufo that my boyfriend had. Two desserts were very unnecessary since the portions for dessert are large but we still ate almost all of it.Terrific! Best meal I have had in years on Saturday night.
Had a little of everything, the monkfish melted in your mouth.First time dining at Amis, which is nuts since its in our backyard. We had a  fabulous meal and overall experience. Although Vetri itself was a great dining experience, Amis atmosphere is way more relaxed . The food and staff were tremendous . The meatballs and  grilled squid with spicy cucumbers were great dishes to start with. We had two pastas as well- all delicious!  The grand finale was a Cinnabon with ice cream , as well as mom moms rice pudding ! Lastly, the staff was so accommodating as my fiancé wanted a high top table instead of a small table between others and they made the adjustment us right away.  Will definitely be back!!!So as a precursor to this review I will say I really really  want to give Amis 4 stars.  I'm almost positive i'll be updating this review with an additional star after my next meal, but this is solely based on this past weeks visit.
We came for the "Eating Istanbul" Pop-up with Katie Parla on 01/22 totally not realizing it was restaurant week. They ended up only having one of the Istanbul menus left so we ordered a restaurant week menu along with the Istanbul menu and a few additional starters (because I feel the need to eat enough for five people when I dine even though i'm small). We had some really fantastic bites, the bean salad and olive oil poached vegetables from the Istanbul menu, the baked pecorino with almond and honey, the mozzarella bruschetta, the sweet breads, and the cacio e pepe to name a few. Though nothing was bad, a few of the other plates were surprisingly disappointing, the fried cauliflower and calamari for example were both soggy, greasy and a little flavorless. 
Overall my dining partner and I had a wonderful meal, both the service and the drinks were absolutely STELLAR. They comped the restaurant week menu on our bill since they only had one of the Eating Istanbul menus which was totally unnecessary but with that kind of service definitely ensured I will return.  I think the problem with some of the food was due to the fact that they were serving their restaurant week menu where everything is a little more mass produced and a places attention to detail slips away a bit (hence the reason I almost never go out during restaurant week). I'm really looking forward to a return visit to experience the full usual menu.First time at Amis but big Vetri fan. We hosted a birthday party with 12 guests. Event staff and managers were very helpful and professional with all communication and details.  Arranged a 3 course prix fix menu.  
Day of event. Great service even with the large group. Very attentive wait staff. No shortage of food at all for the table. Staff was more than willing to bring out more of any dish that we liked.  Quality of food and presentation not at all hindered by the size of the group.  Everything was perfectly done. Courses well timed. Not rushed at all. Very nice touch printing custom menus for the meal.  Only two minor comments was that the pork chop with quince and polenta was not cut up for the group (it was exceptional tho). And they cleared a couple almost untouched dessert plates without asking if we would like to take home (we didn't say anything about it at the time).  
Overall the dinner was what I would expect from a Vetri establishment and more. Would recommend for groups and can't wait to go back!Was here with a friend chef and able to sample quite a few things. The eggplant was.great and the bread really a treat. I surprisingly tried the tongue and it was also wonderful. A little gemThe staff was very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend the bucatini with jalapeño with  almond pesto. The ricotta with hazelnuts was also delicious. The food came out quickly and he staff was very attentive. We will definitely be back.I really wanted to like AMIS. I've heard amazing things about Vetri's places and have eaten at Osteria and loved it. Since my normal dinner budget isn't large enough to afford Vetri, my friends and I decided to check out AMIS on a random Friday night. We had reservations for 4 at 9:30PM.
The meal started out well enough. I met up with two of my friends at the bar as we waited for our table. The space is modern and the energy from the open kitchen invades the dining area in a good way. Once seated after about a 5 minute wait..the appetizers came quickly and our server was friendly and competent. We ordered the sweetbreads, arancini, meat balls and the salami. All tasted great initially but everything other than the arancini was over seasoned. My first taste of the sweet breads were delicious but my second piece was way over salted.
We tried our best to power through the appetizers and we moved on to the pasta. We only ordered two pastas to save room for dessert. I chose the fettucine with lamb ragu and the other pasta was the tonnerelli. The fettucine was completely oversalted. I had 3 bites and had to stop eating. I wanted to eat more because the texture of the pasta was spot-on but it was just completely overseasoned. The tonnerelli was better and not quite as salty as the fettucini ...but it was still salty. I had to keep gulping my water to conteract all the sodium.
If it weren't for the great company, the tiramisu and waffle dessert that we ordered, I think this dinner would have been a complete fail. I walked out of AMIS with 80% of the fettucine left untouched. Maybe it was an off night for the chef...or maybe they just like really really seasoned food at AMIS but it was not for me. If looking for good italian food in the city I would hesitate to recommend AMIS. Sorry Marc...I loved Osteria 2 years ago.Went back for the 2nd time last night, still a big fan.  Went with a big (6) group, so was able to get a bunch of the little appetizer plates to start:
Swordfish Meatballs - very good
Arancini - very good, but nothing surprising, just a good take on a classic; while the arancini itself is very good the short rib ragu it comes with is heavenly
Squid salsa with citrus - eh, okay but the least appealing of all
Veal tongue - second best, such a surprising taste and really well prepared
Fried cauliflower with pecorino and salsa rossa  - wow, did not anticipate too much but this was the unequivocal star of the round, perfectly prepared and amazing taste (salsa rossa is fantastic)
For entrees some people got a salmon/pasta special which was great, lamb shank was on the table and was a great portion and was well received, I got the bucatini with jalapeno and almond pesto, incredible.  Glad I've been on a pasta fast and broke it on this because jeesh was this phenomenal.
Desert was just an unreal 'cherry on top', got a bunch and every single one was fantastic; salted butter semifreddo sundae with chocolate sauce, blood orange marmalade, and almond, the belgian style waffle with nutella, and the "tartufo al bacio".  Waffle one was the best but order any of those and you will be very happy as your sugar high kicks in....Hmmm...  so many good reviews.   
I was being treated for my birthday (and she would not be this kind)...  so we had a reservation and were seated immediately, was going to be seated at one of the two tops along the back and they were packed pretty close, so they moved us to one of the high tops near the bar...  service was great, drinks were good...  
The appetizer was the assorted, I think it was three of their selections and it was okay but nothing special...  one was good, the others were so so...  my dinner was not bad, Prime Rib...  but again nothing special and not much of it...  thin piece of meat with a lot of fat...  she on the other hand had lamb and it was the driest overdone flavorless piece of meat ever...  I tasted it because she couldn't eat it and it was pretty bad...  
Was too bad the food was so disappointing because the ambiance was nice...  price was a little up there for 4 drinks, an appetizer and dinner put us close to $200 (with tip)...  that wouldn't be bad for an outstanding meal...  in this case it wasn't.Great happy hour spot. Large space that gets very crowded. They have small plates which are great for hh. Drinks are great and my wife loves their wine selection. Bartenders are friendly attentive and knowledgable. Definitely one of my regular go to spots for hh.Loved Amis.  My wife and I went there for the first time and I could not have been happier with the food and the service, absolutely first rate.  We had the veal tongue, for the first time ever, and it was fantastic.  We wish we had more room to sample deeper into the menu, but it will have to wait for future visits which are already getting booked.Let me preface this review by saying I used to live across the street from this place..dangerous for my wallet and waistline. My standbys are the Amis punch, bufala ricotta and pecorino pasta. Nice people, good food!I visited this quaint little restaurant with a close friend for the first time and found it to be a place that I will return on my trips into the city. While located in the Center City area of Philly, it has a nice neighborhood feel. The food creations were wonderful and their handcrafted cocktails unique. While parking can be a challenge, it is worth the extra efforts to make it to Amis.
It was a very light crowd on the evening I was there so my friend and I were able to have a conversation in normal tones. The staff was attentive, but not overbearing and make great suggestions on the specials and main courses. If you love brussel sprouts as much as I do, they make a killer fried brussel sprouts side dish that I has as an appetizer.Having high expectations, I'll start by saying the food was simply amazing. We got the buffalo ricotta with olive oil-clean and wonderful. Cured meat with a honey-hazelnut? condiment, it was excellent and a terrific compliment to each other-superior to others in this city. Gnocchi, was again simple but it tasted so good, another few of those and I am all set. We got the Tuna-wonderful sauce, I have never had something served only grilled on one side. The texture, flavor and contrast/connection with the raw and seared side were perfect, what a great concept. The seafood mixed grill had scallops, shrimp, swordfish and calamari, possibly another choice but my recollection is fuzzy. Each item was cooked perfectly and you can tell the freshness of each as well. The sauce melded perfectly with each item. We finished the meal with a great coffee, La Colombe. The space is beautiful, obviously new and clean but homey and rustic feeling as well, great energy. We were sat for our reservation in 10 minutes after arriving 15 early to checkout the bar. So, when the host came over to seat us at our table from the bar. I was especially shocked, he did not even offer to carry our drinks from the bar to our table. As I remain the poster-boy for clumsiness, I could not see how this was right, a start  overlooked shortly after the foccacia arrived. This took me back, remembering that even at TGI Friday's the host would do this piece of basic hospitality. I got over this in a quick second because our server was very hospitable and our food was timed perfectly as well. As dinner was winding down, I went to the restroom. I was again shocked to see how littered it was with paper towels, tp and the toilet was nasty. Not what I expect from any where I am dropping more than a few bucks. I will definitely return because I live close, cannot wait to try the rest of the menu and love Primitivo on the wine list, dangerous.This has been one of my go-to places for years, but I am just now getting to my review.  
I have to say that although our meal and experience was perfectly good this past weekend, my past experiences, when it was still Vetri-owned, were much much better.  In the past, this would have had 6 stars.  
We ordered several dishes and the only things that stood out was the eggplant lasange, which was spectacular and delicate and savory, the cauliflower with romanesco sauce, and the Brussels sprouts.  Those were all solid dishes and tasty.  
The cacio e pepe, which had been my favorite pasta dish in the city, lost its magic and the portion size was really small compared to the past.  Basically, when what I get in a restaurant is less good than what I make at home (using cheap Trader Joe's cheese and pasta), I am pretty disappointed.  The sauce this time was a bit gummy and the pasta cooked past al dente.  It was lackluster.  
We also had the pork chop, which was spectacularly over cooked and not very thoughtful.  
The mozzarella and cherry appetizer was... OK.  The cheese was not of as high of quality as I remembered.  
The waffle for dessert also changed.  The consistency was just crispy, not the previous version that was chewey and crispy and almost custard-like in the middle.  
I don't know that I will be back again.Amis has become a true favorite of mine since discovering the restaurant a little more than a year ago.  My girl and I dined there on Friday evening and it easily lived up to our expectations.  The place has a nice, cozy feel to it and the service by our waiter, Graham, was right on the money.
We started with a cocktail each.  Dirty martini for me and a signature cocktail from the menu for girlfriend.  Smiling faces and warm fuzzy feeling.  Thank you bartender.  For appetizers we shared the swordfish meatballs, tasty and highly recommended, and an appetizer special of lamb sausage, excellent.
After the appetizers, we shared a second course of pasta.  I can't see going to Amis and not getting one of their delicious pastas.  We went with the tonnarelli with pecorino and black pepper and it was excellent.
For entres, my girl went with the scallop dish and absolutely raved about it.  I love Amis' meat dishes and couldn't resist the grilled rib eye over arugula salad.  Here is where I could make one minor complaint.  I ordered the steak medium, figuring it's the safest bet for rib eye.  The steak was actually served rare but I couldn't help but laugh when I realized it was such a fine cut of meat that the rare serving actually turned out to be quite appropriate.
I think my girl and I actually wanted to skip dessert but they're so delicious at Amis that our will power was quickly reduced to nothing.  Girlfriend absolutely love the olive oil torta and was in dessert heaven.  I went with the Graham recommended tiramisu.  Graham promised perfection and Amis delivered.  Excellent dessert.
I can't get enough of this place.  Walking distance from home and It never disappoints.  Very highly recommended.  Enjoy.One word (said with pauses for emphasis): Un-in-spired. 
Marc Vetri - and I say this with deep sadness because I've wasted so much time reading articles about him - should return at least a couple of his awards. 
Last night, we decided to give Amis a second chance. And, like most second chances that are given reluctantly, it was met with profound disappointment and kicking of myself. 
5 o'clock dinner reservations on a Saturday night. We arrive at 4:55 p.m. to an empty restaurant, chilly in all the wrong ways (i.e. not Vodka chilly). The place was dead, yet the host had to "see if our table was ready" so we went to the bar. The bar was dead, yet the bartender couldn't take the time to put cherries in the Manhattans. 
Once seated, the waitress politely insisted that we put our entree orders in, "for the sake of a Saturday night" whatever that means. Yes, I believe it's Restaurant 101 to make your customers feel rushed to order. Talk about a turn-off. 
But, honestly, all of this could have been wiped from my mind ala Eternal Sunshine if the food had been as delightful as the reviews promised.
Meatballs were weak. (Barbuzzo's meatballs are 1,000 times better.)
Pasta dishes were a snooze. Gummy squid linguine in oil. Rigatoni in what looked like the pasta water with cherry tomatoes. 
Meat dishes were bleak. Ribeye steak and fried veal: both served with a pile of arugula on the side. A kid at The Art Institute could have done this. A kid who isn't even in the Culinary Arts program. (No offense to that kid.)
My yelp review is more inspired than Amis. Take your $300 (for four people) somewhere else where the chefs/servers/staff actually care.Tried Amis for the first time during restaurant week. We felt pretty cramped at our small table in close quarters with other diners, but the meal made up for it. 
To start, they served homemade focaccia bread and bruschetta for the table (Stracciatella and Eggplant). 
For an appetizer, my friend and I shared the meatballs and the fried cauliflower. Both were large portions.
For my entree I had the fettuccini with pancetta ragu which was average and kind of lacked flavor. My friend got a huge portion of pork chop parm which was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. In my opinion a much better entree selection. 
For dessert I had the waffles with Nutella, hazelnuts, and salted butter ice cream. Salted. Butter. Ice cream. I meannnnn can anything served with this be bad? 
We also had a carafe of wine that was reasonably priced and got us each just shy of 3 glasses. 
I left feeling well fed and had leftovers to spare. I will definitely be back to try some of the regular menu items that caught my eye!I came to Philadelphia with my girlfriend for the weekend and we wanted to try Amis. It did not disappoint. We tried two appetizers, the swordfish meatballs and the fried cauliflower which we both really liked. We also decided to get the special for the night which was a fish pasta. Overall we loved the food. 
For drinks we tried Amis Punch and the Negroni Agrodolce, which we were both liked a lot. This was a great place to go on a date. Make sure you make a reservation.Sunday Night - July 3rd
Delicious!  This was our third time eating at the restaurant.
Pros: Decor very New York - Tribeca-like but without the attitude; open kitchen; warm atmosphere; Ordered arancini di riso - 4 rice balls - delicious!  Family Italian-style spaghetti was next - really good and cheesy - The 3 meatballs and one sausage were on top of the dish. Meatballs were excellent. Sausage too bland.  Desert was Italian cheesecake which was perfect - not too sweet. Coffee good and strong.  
Service was excellent! Waitress very nice and knowledgable about the menu.so I tell my story of our two years through the food of Amis - a Vetri family establishment in the heart of Philadelphia. The red table wine of Amis, the pork cheek, the strange duck sauce of Mr. V's pasta dish - and what was great about this place was that every choice I made, aside from the desert, I got...slightly wrong, and Mr. V got them right. 
Flowing red wine and iced tea is essentially what we are - what we drink when we are given a choice, though he'll tell you gin and tonic when operating machinery is not in his near future. I loved the atmosphere of Amis - it's exactly the sort of place I've been looking for for over a year - a hipster ish sort of feeling, sunken and hidden from unknowing eyes, wood everywhere and darkened by lamps and candlelight. somber and definite, it's the place you go to talk about the opera or a dark show, something that just doesn't feel right and you need inspiration for the words to come out right. 
Starters were bread and olive oil. His picks came first - salami with pickled onions and pecorino with almond honey. Both were good - the salami was especially soft and most and i liked it best. the honey on the pecorino was too sweet for my buds, but Mr. V loved both. My goal is to taste everything once or twice and move on, his goal is to devour life itself and leave nothing on the plate. Which he did. 
Next were my starters - pork's head croquettes and  sweetbreads. The sweetbreads, while perfectly cooked, were fried a little on the heavy side, though good nonetheless. The croquettes were too big - they should've been smaller, bite sized, because the inside was so rich that two or three bites per croquette was just too much and overwhelming. I would've paid the same price for a smaller bite in order to enjoy it more.
Entrees were a duck sausage pasta for Mr. V and wild boar sausage for myself. Mr. V loved his pasta dish, which is surprising, considering he doesn't like pasta much. He felt my wild boar was gamey and too salty, but liked the side of potatoes. I agreed, but didn't dislike it - it was hearty and gamey and seasoned a bit overmuch, but enjoyable and delish with the red table wine. I really liked his duck sausage pasta - al dente and warm, not smothered in sauce, hints of spice and flavor, light like a cloud. 
He got all of his right, I got only some, even with the dessert - I had the waffle with nutella and vanilla semi freddo, he had the carrot cake. He liked his, I loved mine, but mine had nutella - it's hard not to like it. 
the parking was odd - Mr. V didn't like paying $18 for valet, but I didn't want to walk in the cold for too many blocks. The wait staff was pleasant and not obtrusive, much more polite than I expected. Mr. V isn't used to sitting so close to people, so that was a small adjustment for him. 
I'd go back for an after show outing for a drink and some salami and cheese.All four of us had a great experience at this restaurant.  Though we had to wait about 15 minutes for our table to be ready, the staff was quite accommodating.  Our waitress, especially, was very helpful in suggesting her favorite dishes all of which were spot on.  The wine menu was quite good as well, but a bit pricey.  
Here's what we had:
eggplant caponata 
imported bufala ricotta and black pepper 
black pepper salumi
baked pecorino with almond honey
Sal's old school meatballs with tomato potato
vegetable fritto misto 
tonnarelli "cacio e pepe" with pecorino and black pepper
pappardelle with veal breast ragu
abbacchio con patate (roasted lamb with potatoes)
"tartufo al bacio" chocolate and hazelnut semifreddo with amarena cherries
tiramisu
Happy Eating!We went here straight from our flight to Philly last week, and it was a wonderful experience.  The food was delicious - especially the cacio e pepe pasta, the veggie fritto misto, and the trippa.  The Roman comfort food menu was authentic and reminded my husband and me of our food explorations in Rome.  I was concerned about taking my toddler since I'm not from the area, but they were very accomodating, and he enjoyed the food as well.Yes to both meatball appetizers: the light and juicy swordfish meatballs with pine nuts and golden raisins over creamy polenta, and Sal's with tomato potato. Yes. 
The variety of bruschetta are very good too. See we're not tryin to go all gavone here, but that mortadella mousse? It's so good. So are the house-made salumi. Right, so I find myself most taken with the small plates and salumi, as usual. And the pasta is pretty perfect.
I'm thinking that the ideal deally here is to split some small plates,and maybe a veg contorni, and then have you some cacio e pepe. Or ANY of the pasta. It's excellent, from all'amatriciana to black squid ink, or whatever special. I had one with snails. It ruled. The pasta here rules. The plan is: wine, small plates, pasta... and dessert. I love it when a plan comes together. 
I'm not saying to skip the secondi, but really, my personal move would include saving crucial stomach space for the "tartufo al bacio;" chocolate and hazelnut semifreddo with amarena cherries. Or, maybe you'll want to share Belgian waffles with nutella, toasted hazelnuts, and vanilla semifreddo. If we're goin comfort food baby, why not go all the way? Spaghetti and waffles in one meal. You did it. You finally did it!Great place!  Ate the octopus, bufala ricotta and black pepper bruschetta, Sal's meatball and lamb for the main course.
Friends had the seafood grill and the hen leg; all very good.
Def. recommend but I still enjoy Osteria a tad bit more.Amis is nicely tucked away between Pine and Lombard St.  It had a trendy atmosphere and was clean, a little fancy.   Menu is Italian but not traditional Italian, there was a lot of things I wasn't familiar with and googled to have a better idea of what exactly I was considering to order.  Overall the food was good.Having eaten at all of Marc Vetri's establishment apart from Amis, I was due to stop by there. So we did, to get some dinner and drinks with my out of town friend, who loves Italian. Having experienced epic service at Vetri and good food all around, our expectation were high. Food did not disappoint but the service left me questioning my experience. We sat at the bar. There were two servers (1 male, 1 female) they worked in tandem and do not have their individual customers. The male server kept ignoring us, when we asked question gave minimal answer and did not bother to listen to the follow-up questions. The female server was great. What was odd, the male server was very warm to all the other customers around us who also sat at the bar. We started noticing the different treatment to us v.s. everybody else more and more. I couldn't figure out why was that, because we were only two women (rest all were couples or groups that involved males) which is ridiculous to even think of in Philadelphia or because we are from another country.  I don't know what is worse being discriminated by a sexist or a racist or both. I am hoping that it was unintentional and just a bad day. Regardless it made us uncomfortable. 
We did mention our displeasure to the manager Nancy on our way out. I hope that nobody ever has to experience this again. I don't know if I am going back. Not to mention, I was embarrassed for having taken my friend who was insulted as well. I am not very sensitive to people's behavior in general and have a high threshold to get offended, but such behavior is not acceptable no matter how tolerant I am otherwise. 
We did tip the minimum 15% because of the female server who was nice to us.For the sake of humanity, please put the salt down.I could not finish my meal because of it. Sent the pasta back, came back just as salty. I finally just gave up. The mussels were delicious but not special at all. Service is decent but I felt like I was eating at the Cheesecake Factory. Totally not what I expected at a place like this.This restaurant is a living, breathing, delectable food-producing organism.   The open kitchen, boisterous Saturday night crowd, and incredible soundtrack (stones, janis joplin) gave true meaning to the term "dining out." 
If I could eat Amis' twice-fried artichokes and butternut squash every day for the rest of my life, I'd probably never complain again.  ORDER THE SQUASH.  It is incredible and served in an adorable silver serving dish.  We also oo'd and ahh'd over the guinea hen leg (deboned, pounded thin, and fatty but not overly so) and the mortadella mousse (or "crack", as we kept calling it).  Throw in $20 for a carafe of some delicious house red and I was in heaven.
I'll take Amis over the stuffier, (WAY) pricier Vetri any day (excluding Vetri's spinach gnocci, of course, which you must try before exiting this planet).  It's the perfect restaurant for a loud family birthday or a splurgy dinner with friends.Pretty spectacular.  I have only had the pleasure of eating here twice.  And that sounds even more ridiculous for the fact that I live above the damn place.  I have to say that it's a distant love affair.  I walk past Amis on my way home or on my way out and wish that I could eat there daily or even weekly.  Sadly, I am a man on a budget.   Amis menu is small but powerful.  Ordering multiple small plates to share is a must.  In my best Italian Mama voice, "Have a meatball.  You aren't hungry?  Eat a meatball.  Mark, eat a meatball."  It's a must order.
I don't know if I have been lucky in my two visits to Amis, but the waitstaff is stellar.  The perfect amount of playful flirting, gastric knowledge, and efficiency.  The one bone of contention I would have is about seating.  For my second visit, I made reservations well in advance and upon arrival it seemed as though the hostess had the reservation, but did not have a table.  My party was sat directly by the front door.  A very akward table that I would imagine would only be used for walk-ins.  Definitely felt like a fish in a fishbowl.  Other than that, big Amis fan.This was my first Mark Vetri experience and I hope to have more in the future. I made a reservation for 4 at 5:45 on a Sunday night to have dinner with my boyfriend and his parents after exploring the city a bit. However, my pre-dinner plans weren't as time consuming as I thought they would be so I called Amis to see if I would be able to move my reservation up to 5. The host told me it was no problem. When we arrived at 5 of 5 the restaurant had just opened for dinner and the waitstaff were actually having their nightly meeting with the managers. The same host I spoke to on the phone happily sat us at the bar and grabbed a bartender to serve us while we waited for our table, which was really nice. Especially since the restaurant wasn't ready for us. Also, even though we were the first table to arrive, I could see how people say the restaurant can get really loud as the ceilings are really high and everything reverberated off of them.
We ordered the house red wine in a carafe, which wasn't too full bodied and nice. 500 ML for $20 isn't too bad either. I think the bartender said it was a mix of Cabernet and Grenache. Very soon after we had a few sips of our first round of drinks, we were seated at a table near the kitchen. Our waiter was very helpful in answering any questions we had about the menu and quickly got our orders out to us.  Since it was Sunday we had the opportunity to do the Sal's Sunday family-style dinner, but we all opted to go with the regular menu since this was our first time at Amis.
l I ordered the seafood grill which came with 2 butterflied shrimp, two small squid tentacles, 1 calamari ring, 1 small fillet of swordfish, 1 buttery scallop, and a side of polenta. Be warned the portions are tiny. I'm a small person and I was still hungry after scarfing my meal in about 5 mins. My boyfriend ordered the guinea hen special, which was topped with mushrooms. Because of the mushrooms I didn't partake in that meal, but it looked good. My boyfriend's parents both had the pork ribs. His dad was clearly disappointed with the a la carte set up of the meal at first glance. However, after he finished his meal, he said he got over the fact that it didn't come with mashed potatoes haha. I tried one of the ribs and it was very good. I had heard the pasta was the best, but I was pretty hungry by the time we got to Amis that I chickened out on being a little more adventurous and stuck with my usual seafood meal. 
After dinner (since I was still pretty hungry) we ordered cappuccinos and desert. I had the cafe affogato which is italian vanilla ice cream with a shot of espresso poured over top. The combination of the sweet vanilla ice cream and bitter espresso was perfect. My boyfriend and his dad ordered mom-mom's rice pudding. They're both suckers for puddings I'm learning. I'm not a big fan of the texture of rice pudding, but I gave it a whirl and it was REALLY good. If you like rice pudding, this is definitely a good one to try.
Overall, the service at Amis was really great. They made you feel very welcome and at home. The portions were pretty tiny and although everything I tasted had a good flavor, I thought it was a little too simplistic. Nothing I tried really wowed me. However, the deserts were really delicious and I would probably come back just for desert.Amis has gotten off to an amazingly good start. The vibe is great--unlike other reviewers I like th music, although the overall noise level is a bit high and will limit who I can bring there.  The service has been great, our waitress last night was really engaged and engaging.  We've had:  the tonnarelli, the rib eye over arrugula, the gnocchi, the artichokes, the egg tripe, the polenta, and two of the salads, as well as the mango chantilly and the budino for dessert.  All really good, no misteps at all (well the artichokes might be a little oily but I'll order them again)  The wine list is nicely rounded and priced,   We love it.I spent my birthday dinner here on a Tuesday night. My dinner date and I had been to Alla Spina for late night drinks and a quick bite to eat a short time ago and had a great time, so we agreed to try Amis.
It was a great place for a nice, relaxing, delicious dinner during the week. It was a fairly busy night for a Tuesday, especially at the bar, but our two-person table was in a quiet enough area for us to have a conversation. It was a little too dark in there, after a pretty rich meal and about three glasses of red wine and a few cocktails, my date and I were both feeling quite sleepy. However, it was a pleasant crowd and some bonus points for having some awesome music playing the whole time we were there.
Simply put: I'd come back here for the swordfish meatballs, and the swordfish meatballs alone. They're incredible. If they sold those swordfish meatballs in a take-out bucket a la KFC, I'd buy a bucket every week. All of the other food was quite delicious as well, but the meatballs won me over. Head over heels in love.
The other food we ordered: 
Ricotta bruscetta, which was fabulously creamy and salty and peppery. The grilled bread that was served along with the little bowl of ricotta added a nice smokiness to a simple dish.
Arancini with ragu and peas. I was very excited when I saw these on the menu. They were okay, nothing to really brag about, the meat was decent, the peas were a little overcooked, and the arancini balls were nicely fried, not greasy at all.
Two pasta dishes, one was rotini with mushrooms and peas. the other, spaghetti with pork jowls and spring onions.
I got very excited about the freshly made pasta and pork jowls. A little too excited and after about two bites, I felt incredibly full. The pasta was a nice al dente, not too heavy, nicely seasoned. The pork jowls were a great snap of salty, porky goodness but the real winner was the rotini with mushrooms and peas. It was the right pasta dish for the weather, nice and light, with a slight sweetness from the perfectly cooked peas. I could go on and on about peas, they were so fresh and buttery. A very nice compliment to the salty, meaty mushrooms. The mushrooms could have been a little less salty but overall it didn't distract from the dish.
The drinks:
A carafe of the house red: great deal! It was a great choice for us to start off the meal and sip between courses. It was a good wine, nothing too distracting from the overall meal but pleasant to drink throughout.
We both had a cocktail with campari in it. His had rye whiskey and I believe blood orange. It was smaller but certainly more potent than my drink. I think my drink had bourbon and grapefruit in it. I'm not totally clear on what exactly it had but it was a great way to end a good birthday meal.
I'd come back, not just for the swordfish meatballs, but for a nice dinner for a cute date or drinks with a small group of friends. I'd definitely recommend this place. The price is worth the amount and quality of food and drinks. The ambiance is pleasant and fun, not overly upscale where you feel uncomfortable.