Finally a South Indian spot in Philly! Totally satisfied my dosa craving ! I had the idli and split the Mysore masala dosa. I loved the sambhar and the stuffing inside the dosa. The raw red onions inside also gave it a little kick. I loved the spice level but may be too much for some. The dosa was spongier than I'm used to, I am used to crispier ones. You could see others had crispier dosas that were not stuffed so that may be the difference. Either way it was good! I am not a big coffee drinker but couldn't resist ordering the filter coffee. Delicious ! Can't wait to go back and try some more things!
Also, we were seated right away, but waited a really long time for our food. I think it's growing pains of a new restaurant but make sure you save some extra time to go here until they get into their groove !Amma's has the best dosa's ever. I have had about half a dozen masala dosa's since they have opened and everyone of them has been fantastic. I hope this place does not go away. I just love southern Indian food.My wife's family is Southern Indian, so eating here was like being back in mom's kitchen. The smells brought us right home and the food was just as good! Every part of the meal was authentic and nothing was Americanized which made it that much better. The spice was great and the attention to detail made the meal, in my opinion, the best Indian I have eaten in Philly. We have tried tons of different Indian restaurants since we moved back to Philly, and nothing quite hit the spot, but I am so glad Amma's is here because now I know I can get the flavors I have been craving!4 stars because the food is amazing! I think Amma's is the first and the only authentic South-Indian restaurant in Philly. The food is great and worth the money. The only issue I have with this place is that the couple of times I've waited they have messed up my order - forgot to place the order or the wait for the food has been painstakingly long! We were given discounts every time i've been in to compensate for the delay! This place always has a wait and if after getting seated they are still messing up orders it's a huge deal breaker. It's been a couple of months since this place opened and their kitchen management is still an issue. I hope the management figures this out. Def will go again for the food!!So initially when they first opened  I gave this restaurant a 4-5 star rating. The food was and still is phenomenal however, the service is a very different story. I was going to Ammas restaurant at least twice a week if not 3 times a week. Just hoping and giving them more time to get it together and have better and faster service. But they completely failed and I just refuse to go there again or even recommend anyone. Don't get me wrong, the food is still great. But that's only if you feel like waiting at least 1 hour for the simplest dish! It's hard to find parking in the city as is so look forward to receiving a parking ticket. Every time I go there I have to keep bugging the waiters for my food. One time I could tell they totally forgot about my order because the food came out cold. I understand the weekends can get very busy and crowded but I've gone there during the weekdays and pretty much tried my luck on every day of the week. No luck at all. So if you wanna have great food but are willing to wait at least and I improvise on AT LEAST ONE HOUR then this is your place. I'm talking at least 1 hour for a simple dosa. Imagine how long the other more complex dishes can take.  They lost a great customer here. Needless to mention I'm always a group of 3.This is the best place in Philly to go for authentic South Indian food! Their Sambhar is perfectly balanced with the spices and the idli is super soft and tasty. I had badam milk as the beverage and was extremely pleased with the flavor of saffron, cardamom and almonds in the milk! I would be returning to Amma's again, for sure!Great dosa, great appetizers though everything was very spicy for us. The dosas are quite sizable and delicious- finally a true great spot in philly. My only complaints- the service was very slow and the size of the restaurant makes it very difficult to move around.By far the BEST South Indian food in the tristate area, if not, the entire east-coast. All of the food is very authentic and is extremely tasty.The best south Indian food we tasted in the US! We had chilly chicken, chicken kothu porotta and masala dosa and all of those were really delicious.. Masala dosa is as good as it gets! Perfectly crispy dosa with a very tasty masala filling. We went there on a saturday during lunch hour and even though the restaurant was crowded, we got our food quite fast.. Pleasant staff and great service.. Will definitely visit again.. :)Best Indian in the region, hands down. Intense and yet subtle flavors. Wonderful variety. Great takeout!Great tasting food with a variety of menu choices to pick from. Staff is friendly and quick with service.One of the worst dining experiences I've had in a very, very long time. I came for lunch and was seated in the back hallway, adjacent to the bathrooms, where they apparently had no server assigned.  I had to flag down people from the dining room to put in our order, and then waited.  And waited.  After 45 minutes, knowing I was pushing against a meeting, I asked to have the food to go and to have the check.  After an hour, still nothing, not even the mango lassi that my companion ordered.  I asked a couple more times about whether the food was coming, "two more minutes" was the reply each time.  After an hour, I went to the front to again ask for the check; the manager(?) came back, checked in with the kitchen, and said the food was coming out in two minutes and whether or not we wanted it to go (as, apparently, the kitchen was unaware of the request).  I said yes, but that we needed the check now.  And then we waited.  After an hour and 15, I needed to run and left my companion to deal with the check (and he was going to bring me the food at my office).  The check apparently came soon thereafter (with nothing comped or even an apology for our trouble), but it was another half hour before the food came, by which point he was also running late for a meeting across town.  So, in the end, the two of us spent almost $40 for the privilege of sitting next to a bathroom and one of us got to eat cold food after his meeting; according to him, there was not even an apology.  Food smelled great!  But, that only really counts when you get to actually eat it.The best South Indian food I ever had! It's a little spicy for me but totally yummy. I have become a regular patron of this place since I moved to Philadelphia. Highly recommended!So excited that Philly finally has a full-on South Indian restaurant! I'd been wanting to visit Amma's in Voorhees for awhile. Now I don't have to! My friends and I split Mysore bonda and gobi Manchurian for appetizers. Both were excellent - the gobi especially was light and not overly sweet, as it sometimes can be. We then ordered idli with rasam, and two curries - the Chettinad with "country chicken" and the Gongura. Both excellent. I will be returning soon. The atmosphere and the service was excellent.I ordered the South Indian Non-Veg Special... and it was more disappointing than I had expected... which is kinda sad... I heard from one of my co-workers that Amma was really good...  Maybe it's the dish that I ordered or the fact that I wasn't sure how I was supposed to eat everything that made my experience worse.  I did takeout as I had to get back to work...
Another thing is, I paid $15 for my meal and it was a to-go container full of rice, a small container of some lamb stew thing and the rest were all in 8 tiny condiment containers. I got two fried wrap things and 1 wrap.  This really was not worth the price that I paid.  And the food was a bit too spicy for my liking as all I could taste was the spiciness and not the flavors anymore.  The spiciness was overpowering.  
I'm still hungry... I'm not sure if I would try Amma again, but if I do, I would probably try something different...My rating is more of a 3.5, but I'll round up since Amma is fairly new and still working out some kinks. My girlfriends and I came here for dinner a few weeks back and had a generally enjoyable experience. If I were only rating them on food, I would totally give 5 stars. However, the service was pretty disappointing. Despite having a reservation, we still waited quite a long time for a table. When we got seated, no one came to take our order for another long while. After we ordered, waited, and the food finally came, the server did something strange--he used a spoon to dig through our curries because he wasn't sure which curry was which. Halfway through our meal, we discovered that they had mixed up what I ordered with what my friend had ordered, so we ended up unknowingly eating each other's food (partly our fault for not realizing, I suppose). I will say that the food itself was pretty amazing. The manager did try to compensate for the mix-up at the end by not charging us for the rose lassi I had ordered, which we appreciated. Overall, I would definitely go back to Amma for another round of deliciousness, though I would probably wait until they've worked out some of the issues when it comes to their service.One of the best Indian spots in Philly. Amazing variety of South Indian food, as well as North Indian options. I would highly recommend this place if ever in Philly. Prices are higher than a standard Indian restaurant, but you can taste the difference in the quality. Fantastic service as well.Was suggested this place by a colleague of mine. I was here few weeks ago and cannot stop raving how good the food was. One of the best south indian food in Philadelphia.Glad that a South Indian speciality restaurant i now is philadelphia in such an accessible location. The food is great, but service is a bit slow. I guess they are still figuring it out. Overall a nice place.Really incredible. If you're a South Indian novice like me get the lunch combo special. There were a bunch of different things that I never had and never heard of that were outstanding. Best way to try a new cuisine.. just get the special. May not go back to North Indian cuisine!Me and my wife have been here couple of times. It serves very authentic South Indian food . There are not much south India  restaurant here in philly . What we like about this place is food . If you love Dosa this is the place to come . 
What I don't like about this place is service which is below restaurant standard it seems like the kitchen is chaos and they don't have a proper food line in the kitchen  . For example we order 1 masala dosa and 1 rave Dosa .After half hour of wait the masala dosa came to the table and we both shared it but then we have to wait for another 20 mins for the next dosa which I think is little too much . They were nice and gave us discount but it was not the first time for us we have experienced the same kinda service previously but we will still come there just for the food . So if u are foodie and like to eat and yeah get a drink it's a byob because u have to wait long for food . Why not get a drink. 
So overall food is 5 stars , Service is 2 star . They need professional people in the floor who have worked in a fast paced city environment everyone seems to be lost busboy , sever . But I am still giving 4 star because of the food . I hope they will improve their service and get used to the fast pace city.Delicious. Glad to see a south Indian place. The food is so much better than north Indian.The South Indian at Amma's is super authentic. And the dishes are consistently good. We tried Mysore Masala Dosa, Chettinad Masala Dosa, Mutton Kuttu parotta, medu wada and non veg thali. Each of the items was consistently authentic, fresh and of very good quality. The Mysore Masala Dosa though was a bit too spicy for us. Would definitely love to go back. Parking is an issue as the place is in Philly downtown and is a medium sized establishment that tends to get packed super quick.Its the best south indian food place in Philadelphia i love the food over here 
I have even suggested all my friends to visit this place .
The price is perfect and the food over here is even good.We were looking for dosa in Philadelphia and stumbled upon Amma's. The dosa was everything dosa should be: crunchy, lightly sour, accompanied by delicious sambar and other sauces. It came with potato masala which was also excellent. Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu! So glad this place is open in Philly nowI took my husband here on a random weeknight. Staff was courteous and seated us right away. They even offered to move us to a table that was away from a busy walkway within the restaurant, which was also very sweet. 
I'm South Indian and I have really high expectations for Indian food. I'm not really a fan of non-authentic Indian food, or anything laden with cream...South Indian food can also be hard to get right in my experience because there is a tendency to load our cuisine with oil. I'm also kind of a wimp with spice and I can't really handle it if a dish is absolutely nuked with chili. 
However, I have to say this restaurant is the only one I've been to that has matched (dare I say even surpassed?) my parents' home cooking. We both had the rasam to start and it was perfect, sour and spicy. I ordered a rava dosa which was absolutely wonderful, cooked to perfection, very crispy and had terrific flavor. The coconut and tomato chutney served with it was also fantastic.
My husband had one of the chicken curry dishes that I can't remember the name of...his dish tasted exactly like my parents' chicken curry and he looooved it.  The spiciness was on POINT--it wasn't so much that it gave me heartburn, but I still felt the satisfying burn that reminds me of home.
The ambience is simple, the service is prompt, the fare is very authentic, the price is right, and we'll definitely be back!Amazing! I really like this place and it's extensive menu. If you can't decide you can't go wrong w any type of dosa.Me and my husband dined in today at Amma's restaurant. We were actually on a vacation at philly. I just checked their reviews before dined in. We ordered appetizer mendu vada, idli vada, entrees mysoor madala dosa, sambhar rice bowl with papad and pickle, desert Amma's special vanilla ice cream and madras coffee. We were so amazed by the taste of South Indian food. The food is very authentic served in a banana leaf. I must say There's none restaurant like Amma's restaurant in entire New Jersey. I highly recommend this restaurant guys. Thank you for the food you guys prepare please keep this taste and quality up you will never loose any customer.The chettinad here is one of the best things I've ever eaten. It's spicy as all hell, but I've never had anything quite like it anywhere else. Sometimes I just kind of think about it. I wouldn't even be hungry or anything. I just like to think about the chettinad and life and stuff. The podi dosa is also something I recommend trying. Again, spicy as hell, but tasty.Best Indian food in Philly. This place serves great dosas.Simply excellent. Prompt seating and service (5:30 PM on Saturday), perfect spice, rich flavors.Excellent South Indian food! We ordered the nattukozhi soup, chicken kottu paratha and spinach masala dosa. We loved all three! Thank you for bringing my Amma's kitchen to Philly!Delicious food, excellent service, amazing location. I am a butter chicken and saag paneer snob, and both were done to near-perfection. The staff were polite and extremely accommodating. Definitely a great addition to Center City; I'll be coming back.I was going to leave a decent review, but OMG! can the staff be anymore scattered/incompetent?! First they added stuff to our bill we hadn't ordered. Then they forgot to put in our to go order and made us wait over a half hour after we had paid our bill and vacated our table. We asked over and over and were told 'just a minute'. I am so mad now that any good impressions are just gone.Great food. Got the veggie lunch special. Lot of food and priced well. Everything was perfectly spiced.As a girl straight from Hyderabad ( As South Indian as it gets ), I had high hopes for the restaurant. I genuinely think the place has such high reviews because there's rarely any South Indian restaurants in center city but a plethora of North Indian cuisines at every corner.
To start positive, the chai here is amazing! It feels like you're back in India when they give you the copper cup and saucer. The dosa, however, isn't your standard crispy masala dosa. Although it was pretty good, I've had much much better dosas at places like Sarvana Bhavan. The vadas also weren't fluffy ( the dough was still pretty sticky inside )and had way too many black peppercorns in them. The utthapam was your standard onion- chili utthapam so I would definitely give that a go!
I didn't order any curries so maybe the place is great for that (: overall, a pretty decent place to satisfy a South Indian dish craving. If you want classics though, Edison is your best bet ( north Jersey).Food's decent but min wait time before bringing anything from the order on all 3 visits has been 40 mins. Max was 1 hr and 5 minI live in West Philly and haven't had Indian food outside of West Philly because I feel like nothing outside West Philly will be better (unless I go to NJ). How wrong I was. This place is incredible. The dosa was incredible. My friend who has been to South India says it's legit. I don't have a point of reference as to its authenticity but I loved everything we ate. We got the potato dosa, the saag paneer, and then a special eggplant dish. There was so much food that we ended taking half of it home. The staff were incredibly friendly and it was BYOB! Go here and you won't regret it.I was so optimistic about giving this place a 5, but read on and you will see why!
My SO has been saying this for years that there is no good South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and we always took a road trip to Edison, NJ to get his fix. So I was more than excited to share with him the news of this gem opening up in center city. Unfortunately we picked the wrong day to visit- Sunday afternoon for lunch! It was packed and the average wait was 30 minutes, since we spent 10 minutes trying to get our name on the list, I noticed that the staff was clearly overwhelmed by the response and they were simply not trained to manage such a huge crowd. 
Any way we got our table around 45 minutes later and were given the menus, luckily we were able to place our order immediately, some of the other patrons had to wait a while, or get the attention of one of the servers. 
We ordered the chicken Chukka for appetizers and idli Wada with sambar and for the entrees we got the chicken khotu paratha and chicken biryani. 
Our appetizers came out within minutes, however we had to hail down a server for silverware, taste wise it was a 5/5, perfectly spiced and deliciously fresh. This set the bar quite high for the main course, while waiting for the entrees we looked at the menu more and wanted to get a dessert, after about 30 minutes we asked one of the servers to add the dessert to our order, 10 minutes later they brought the dessert but no entrees, after pointing out the obvious the manager rushed over and apologized profusely, we get it. The place is barely a month old. 
Entrees arrived and they were so so so so good! However we couldn't finish it all and took most of it home. Caution - food is authentically spicy so if you are not used to spicy food, ask the servers for other options( they have plenty) 
My second visit was today and it was during lunch hour. I got the non veg thali which has 15 different things on the plate! Each one as delicious as the other! 
I can't wait to go back and give them a 5 star review!I'm happy Philly is finally hopping onto the South Indian train. India is such a diverse country, it can't be that the representative Indian food outside of India is only limited to Punjabi or north Indian cuisine!? We ordered the Kerala Fish Curry and Gunpowder Dosa. Amma's has a very diverse menu with representative dishes from all regions of south India. However, from the two dishes that we ordered, we felt the taste was slightly off. Both the dosa and Kerala Fish Curry were tasty but lacks that Indian masala kick to it. I felt like the chefs may have toned down the flavors to cater towards the non-Indian patrons, which is a shame for this restaurant. It's packed with people and has so much potential. The Gunpowder dosa was supposed to be spicy but was instead mild. Kerala Fish Curry was pretty bland as well. I admire what this restaurant is trying to do but I feel like it has a long way to go. Work on the spices and seasoning and maybe this could go from a good south Indian restaurant to a GREAT south Indian restaurant.Vannakam, in other words Welcome! Welcome to this amazing South Indian restaurant in the heart of downtown Philadelphia. Amma means Mother and I was dying to salivate over her recipes. The aroma of the Masalas is the first thing that drew me in and then the modern design of the restaurant. It had a simplistic view, I loved the bricks. To my amazement, it was quite busy on a Thursday evening. 
My friend and I ordered few of his favorite dishes and shared everything. We started the meal with mutton chukka, goat nestled in spicy masala and caramelized onions, soo good. The spice level was quite high, even for my taste buds. Next, we tried Podi Idli and Masala Dosa. Idli is a saucer-like steamed bun, very vegan btw. Anyways, they cut the Idli and stir fry with masala. Again, it was very spicy and soo good! Masala dosa was good but it was little cold when I started eating it. 
We ended the meal with Madras Filter coffee. I love love love Bru coffee, reminds me of the days i vacationed in India. Such great memories. Isn't it great when a certain food/drink brings you back to the happier days. That's what I felt when I dined at Amma's. 
I will surely be back for more.Great place ....
The Place opened Two weeks ago and the food is very tasty & authentic.....
I had a spicy Royalaseema Kara dosa - reminded me of the time I had it in south India....
The flavours were so fresh.
Very reasonably priced for the location and the quality of food.....
Customer service definitely above par...
My server Nisha helped me choose the right kind of dosa per my choice..
And asked me multiple times if I was enjoying my food and whether it was as per my taste.
Overall a very good experience....Food was good. I've eaten Indian a few times but this menu is different than what I'm used to. I ordered malabar porotta, aloo bonda, chilli chicken and a side of rice. I liked the aloo bonda which was a little appetizer stuffed with potato. The chilli chicken was nice and spicy and went well with the basmati rice. I've had better roti than the malabar porotta so I wouldn't order that again. Overall very great and yummy.Dropped in on a Thursday at 8 pm. This very simply decorated easy to find restaurant was packed with happy young adults. I told the friendly waiter that I was not hungry and he recommended their Onion Rava Masala Dosa ($13.95). It was plentiful and delicious, and came with three wonderful dipping dishes, all so tasty, one clearly spicy. Was stuffed with potato veggie combo also yummy. There is no beer here, but their Mango Lassi was superb. Room for sweet and hot Gulab Jamun, also perfect. Very efficiently run by large attentive staff.  Wish I lived nearby!The customer service was top notch. I think I have had better S. Indian cuisine but our party of 3 ordered chicken biryani, paneer tikka masala and the vegetable lunch (the one that comes with various mini small plates). For drinks the mango lassi was awesome. The chapathi was good but the other buttery bread they had way better with the sauces. Their paneer tikka masala was probably the best meal since it was very rich and the food was quite a lot. The biryani was good too and also spicy and did I mention top notch customer service? Will come again but I will try a different meal.Ordered take out, they told me 20-25 min. I came back in 30 min and they told me 5-10 more min and I saw people come in order and get their food and leave before me. Took 50 minutes to get my food. Food is alright, not worth the wait. They weren't even that apologetic.I'm just floored by the extremely fair and even generous pricing of such a diverse and opportunistic menu. A MUST try for anybody that enjoys or would like to expand their horizons on Indian cuisine in PhillyThis is one of the few amazing South Indian places around Philadelphia. While the food is amazing, the service was slow, inattentive, and honestly overwhelmed. This could be very well due to the new opening and just unexpected volume. But the food was amazing. We've been doing takeout since and it is absolutely worth the wait. It's also great to sit down and eat if you have some time. Maybe Philadelphians are used to a quick turnaround and service and this place asks you to sit down and take time to enjoy the experience. Either way, we will be continuing our weekly takeout from there!We genuinely enjoyed the food! Tasted very authentic! 
Service could definitely have been better. It's a new restaurant so maybe they are just getting a handle on the place. However, the place was PACKED around 1pm on a Saturday and the service was terrible. I think there were two waiters total for the entire restaurant. An improvement in service is definitely needed to compete with other Indian restaurants in the area. 
If you're not too picky with service, this place is excellent for quality South Indian food!Terrible over priced food. What a waste of my $16. I ordered Tikka Masala and it came in a small bowl instead of a normal big platter size container. The basmati rice was awful. Didn't look authentic. I only got 4 pieces of chicken in my Tikka Masala and the rest was nothing but gravy with no spice and no flavor.  Absolutely disappointing.i visited this place for weekend lunch recently. Service was efficient and staff were very responsive and attentive. I tried a lunch menu for non-vegetarian.  I liked cabbage stir-fry and curries a lot and i enjoyed a desert like purple color sweet soup much more than i expected after spicy foods. The flat bread like pancake was tasty, too.King our waiter was excellent. The restaurant service was amazing. Looking forward to coming back.Delicious food with some pretty authentic South Indian recipes. Their dosas are generously sized but slightly on the pricier side. The chutneys were on point.My go to. I just love this place so much. They are the GOAT. I've gone back I don't know how many times but I've tried 4 types of curry. All of the soups. The roti was so good. Their mango drink was amazing. And it's for such a great price for excellent food. If you haven't gone there do yourself a favor and go."Amma" means mom in Telugu ( one of the main South Indian languages)
Growing up eating my own amma's food everyday, I was very skeptical about this place. But seeing how popular it had become in just a few weeks after opening, I had to go see for myself. 
The menu has a wide variety from the classic chicken tikka that most people have heard of to more traditional South Indian dishes - like dosas, idlis, and vadas. The menu is extensive so I recommend googling pics of things before ordering or going with someone who knows the cuisine - at least the first time there!
My thoughts: 
- Chicken 65 was dry - I think it could be made better with gravy. 
- The masala vada was average - a little more dense than I would have liked. My friend described it as similar to seasoned/spiced corn bread, which is a pretty spot description. 
- Chicken curry with rice was good - can't remember which type of curry I ordered but it was towards the bottom of the list. 
- The onion masala rava dosa was very similar to the dosas made at home so enjoyed this very much! It comes with potato curry as a side. 
- based on other reviews, I will try the chai and the uttapam next time!
I may have higher standards because I was spoiled with these foods growing up, but when my amma's cooking is not close by - this is a great option to satisfy that Indian food craving. This is a great and very unique addition to the Philly food scene!I have impatiently waited many years for an Indian restaurant this good in Center City. My personal favorites include the cauliflower appetizer, the paneer appetizer, and the saag paneer entry. They also make a terrific spiced coffee.Our food didn't get to our table for over an hour. The dishes were mediocre. The portions were very small. Don't waste your time.Amma means mother in South Indian languages and the food served at Amma`s takes you down memory lane and reminds you of your mothers food- simple yet delicious, fresh and finger-licking good. The warm smell of dosas and the filter coffee is inviting and makes me nostalgic of India. It has a very southern Indian ambience. Though it is always crowded, the service is quick and the staff is friendly and attentive. The menu provides a mix of popular dishes like dosas, idli and regional specialties made with fresh ingredients that are truly authentic and shine with flavor. This is the best South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia and they serve the best sambhar in town. 
What we like? All dosas. (my personal favorites- Mysore Masala Dosa and Podi Dosa), Idli , Rasam, South Indian Thali and Eggplant curry. 
Dress: Casual
Spend 15-20$ per person.Excellent south indian food, warm and friendly service.
The dosa was not oily. Highly recommended this page of you are craving for home made dosa!Food: 4.25 Out of 5
My goodness almost everything I had on my non-veg lunch platter was incredible! Authentic flavors and they weren't shy with the spices! The owner checked in with me a couple times and I let him know yes I am slightly glistening from the spices but I love it. The non-veg platter is a set menu of a 7 small different dishes including basmati rice, plain naan, and a crispy dosa for $13.95.
Service: 4 Out of 5
I don't expect to have a conversation with my waiters when I'm starving for late lunch at 3pm. Also no news was good news to these folks.
Environment: 4 Out of 5
Only a couple blocks from city hall. Casual to business casual ambiance.
Overall: 4 Out of 5
A little pricer at $15.07 out the door. Not what I'm used to, but my opinion it was worth it! In addition it was all that you can eat lunch when you order their one of their lunch specials, just let them know! More please!We foolishly decided to come here on New Years Day and had to sit in traffic.  It was absolutely worth it. We tried the Rasam Idli, Malabar Parotta, Chicken 65, and Ennai Kathrikai Kuznambu.  Everything was spiced perfectly and tasty.We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday 30 minutes after they opened and it had already started filling up. By the time it was 1 hr after opening there was a line of people who had to wait. My advice is to get there at the lates 30min after they open unless you have reservations. 
We had this curry soup that has rice and other veggies and boy was it good! 
Then we both got the South Indian Non-Veg Lunch Special.... $14! What a freaking deal. There is so much food. Don't let the small portions fool you. It all adds up. Every dish was excellent. I haven't tried all of the food there but I can tell that the food is just excellent. You can taste all of the spices and it's just a beautiful blend! You will love it trust me. 
The service however... not so great. They aren't trained very well. It's very slow and you have to constantly ask for your water to be filled or for them to take away your empty plates. These really are the minimum requirements I think. But either way the food is 10/10. You should still go there and I cannot wait to go back.This place packs flavor and authenticity like no other Indian restaurant in Philly. I came here for lunch with my colleague who grew up eating South Indian cuisine, and this place brought him right back to his childhood. The place has a very casual sort of rustic yet plain decor. It is essentially one big room with about 20 tables. The servers are very attentive and the orders are served quickly. I noticed that the lunch menu was very reasonably priced. We both ordered the non-veg lunch special which came with an assortment of stews, soup, rice, bread and dessert. We also ordered the idli for an appetizer. 
I never had idli before. It tasted like a grit patty. It was very tasty. I liked the gritty texture. The sauces that it was served with were delicious, especially the orange pepper sauce. 
The lunch special was delicious and very filling. The bread was thinner than naan, but pretty good. The goat stew was really tasty. There was a chicken stew that was pretty good. The rice was very long grain basmati and cooked very well. The desert was like a pasty banana cake. For less than $20 (including appetizer), I was incredibly full. I am very glad this place opened just blocks from my job. I will be back. Their dinner menu looks good too. And it's BYO.Fantastic food.
Pleasant ambience. 
Very courteous people serve food. 
Feel as close to home as we can from this side of the world 
Thali is a must have!I'm in shock. Not sure what just happened to my taste buds. The food here is outstanding. Ordered a tea and the vegetarian meal and went on a journey. I'll be sure to come back.
My only criticism is the music playing. It was this repetitive ambient music that was better suited for a funeral home. Change that up and you'll be perfect.It has been a few weeks since I did not go into the restaurant and today I will not set foot into the place again.  My first experience was nothing but warm and welcome.  Not only was the food superb but the wait staff was so awesome they even gave me unlimited cups of hot masala tea.  Since that time, I tried to get into the restaurant many time.  It has been so busy, due to its outstanding performance that I just could't get in.  But today, I would never want to go in again.
I went up to the person at the hosting platform.  I asked her if I could speak with the manager.  I was going to surprise him because all I wanted to do was give a good review and apologise for not coming in but that everytime I came in, they were simply busy.  The hostess asked me, "What is this regarding?"  I stated a customer relations experience.  She stated that she couldn't let me talk to a manager.  I asked why.  She stated that there were no managers present.  I said that that would not be so because I recognized a few on the floor.  She asked me to leave.  I asked her if she was a manager.  I asked what was her name.  She did not speak at that point and became silent, as I was filing an online complaint with the BBB. 
Since she was no help, I signaled the manager, not one that I recognized, and said I needed to speak with him.  He stated to me that I needed to wait outside and he would speak with me.
After him not coming out I turned on my webcam and went back into the restaurant.  Yes, I was filming.  The manager and the waitress charged me, grabbed me and try to retrieve my phone.  They got it for a second, I managed to grab it back.  I have marks on my eyes from being beaten by the hostess and the manager who did so while they locked the door and I could not get out.  I managed to escape their stronghold, quickly unlock the lock, and left in fear.  This is all recorded but to show you just a clip of who was involved, here are some snap shots from the video.
I have never had this happen ever.  I was never so fearful in my life and attacking a United States Disabled Veteran is not, who happens to be gay, and a caregiver for someone with a traumatic brain injury, is not how we should treat each other.  All I wanted to do is surprise the manager with a great review, they will be getting a letter in the mail.  I am still shaking from the incident.  Sad I live right nextdoor.  They called the cops on me.
If this is hard for you to believe, I look forward to seeing the video once it is released.  Until then enjoy the screenshots I took during the confrontation with staff.  My warning...  Walk in with Battle Armor!Food was as expected. Bit on pricer side of South Indian food given its known for simplicity, price paid for big city dining. Steel leaf plates were huge, tables not so big enough. Extra charge for chutney side was not a norm. It's like McDonalds charging for Ketchup.Amma's is the restaurant Philly needed.  I tried there dosa and it was just delicious. The owner and the staff are really friendly. We went on a Saturday night and it was super busy. So somehow they served 4 of us and forgot to bring out food for the other 2 people. So when we asked the manager, he made sure we got the food in the next 5 mins. And then he was kind enough to send us a Sizzling brownie at the end. There Ras malai is the best I have had in the country. I recommend this place strongly but would suggest a little more attention to the orders.Have been so excited to go since I heard this place opened. I ordered the rasam, mulligatawny, chettinad mixed vegetable curry, and onion rava masala dosa. The rasam soup was by far my favorite. Dosa was good but it wasn't hot so just a minor let down but am excited to try it another time anyways. I'd pass on the chetinnad mixed vegetable curry though...not that it was bad just nothing special for me. I also got the filter coffee after reading reviews here and I didn't love it like everyone else.
I had wanted to get the vegetable biryani but the staff member thankfully mentioned they mix it with yogurt which sucks a little bit for my non dairy eating friend so we passed on that. I am actually not even a fan of raita and usually don't add it to biryani anyways so it would be great if they didn't premix it in before serving it.
edit: 2nd trip. Got the 15 item thali and I wish i took a picture but for some reason it only had 11 items...idk why. I read another review where they had the same thing happen. We also had a solicitor come in and ask for money/our food. I get that this is philly and it happens but the staff completely ignored it and allowed this which i find somewhat unacceptable.This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly. Incredible and authentic South Indian food (get the Lunch Special!) and not as stuffy/expensive as indeblu.This is an amazing South Indian restaurant in a weird spot next to Popeyes on Chestnut. 
Once you get past that, the interior is really nice. I thought the tables looked way too small for all the food, but once we were sitting and the food came, I realized that it did indeed, fit.
We started with the spicy dosa which was definitely spicy as well as the lentil soup and dip it was served with! We then got and shared the Saag Paneer and Tikka Masala Paneer, served with rice. Both dishes were fantastic but I'm still dreaming about that Saag Paneer.
I look forward to many more trips here.This place definitely needs more credit. I've eaten here a few times. Each visit my friends and I never had to wait for seating, the service was amazing and fast. I enjoyed the various presentations when the food arrived. Above all, the food was outstanding!I came here February 11, 2020 for a group dinner. Pre dinner it was authentic, very hot, and quite good. But little did I know. The next day I couldn't stop using the bathroom. At first I thought ok, maybe this is normal, but then the day after that the same. Now I know it's something wrong, first I thought it might be the spices, I don't really eat Indian food much, but after 4 days of diarrhea I had to see a doctor. I also talked to my others coworkers, they also got sick 5 of us in total. I looked the restaurant up after on phila.gov this restaurant had gotten shut down, multiple citations for food violations. Thawing shrimp in hand washing sink, water not at correct temperature, contaminated meat. I had to sent stool samples to the lab, she told me salmonella poisoning is a possibility, I'm currently being test for all stool bacteria. I'm still having diarrhea issues and I'm posting this on February 18, 2020. DO NOT COME HERE. Unfortunately I can't post with zero stars, so I have to give it a 1.You passport is just around the corner in a new eatery!. A spice of life to delight all, plus to refresh the mind and body?. Way to sooth the spirit!.I went here for my 30th birthday. When I tell you guys they have the best butter chicken in the city!? They have the best butter chicken in the city! What stands out the most is their turmeric flavor sauce compared to the traditional tomato sauce at other establishments. I'm sure there is still a certain level of tomato paste and there but I love how it doesn't over power the chick or rice.This is the best hospitality I have ever had from any restaurant!!! When I ordered my dish and it wasn't up to my spice level and tasted sweet, the staff was extremely apologetic and understanding and was so quick to making sure we got the correct dish that was ordered. Within minutes, they were at my door to give us a new dish, and called to follow up multiple times to make sure we were enjoying our meal and offered to bring more dishes. You will never find a place that is this hospitable and caring towards their customers. Thanks Amma's Kitchen!! We really appreciate it and recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for some traditional South Indian food in Philadelphia.The one and only South Indian restaurant in the city of Philadelphia. Great staff, the food is of amazing quality too !
Recommendation: Dosas/ Madras Filter Coffee
Pros:
* Authentic South Indian: Being of South Indian heritage myself, I can pretty openly say that the food served here comes super super close to what one can get in a South Indian household.
* They've an extremely diverse selection of choices, ranging from breakfast food to big dinners.
Cons:
* The spice levels might not be for everyone's palate.
* A little on the more pricier end.Nice ambiance, noisy, not so good food. 
- a dish that was a signature dish was not available. 
- gobi manchurian was very spicy
- the rice was watery and mushy (they replaced after asking)
- the chettinad mixed vegetables was meh without much flavor. 
- Dosa and pavaakkai pakora were ok. 
I am an Indian who has lived here for many yearsBest dosas in Philly! Service was just as great as the food. We were welcomed by a friendly employee, who told us to sit anywhere we'd like. To start we got the Gobi 65 which are crispy cauliflower bites that were served with coconut chutney. They were so fresh tasting and they had this tangy seasoning on them. I then got the onion rava masala dosa. I love my dosas extra crispy and this place made them perfectly crispy! The dosa was over a foot long and was filled with enough potato masala for each bite! They were also served with sambar, coconut chutney and a red chutney. My fiancé got chicken lollipops and the chicken dosa and he was also very satisfied with it all. The location is also so convenient for us. We will definitely be coming back!Service was excellent and also the food quality! I have taken away one star because the rava dosa was awful!
Thali and other items were really goodVisited in the lunch time ,ambience was good, but very congested seating's. After our order taken by a staff, it took almost 45 minutes to get all our food, that was little frustrating because  customers came after us was served more faster than our order even though our order was just a Thali and some masala dosas. all the dishes were good ,some of them lacking the true flavors.
Most of the down side  of the visit was inattentive staff , we have to  waved our hands in the air several times to refill the water or  some second servings even for the check :(
If the management can rectify some of these then its a good restaurant to dine especially if you are from any of these  kollu/mallu/ tamil regionThe most amazing food with the most horrendous customer service. This restaurant has become one of my new local favorites and I've had two great experiences but the experience I just had while ordering delivery after a long day was horrible. 2 hours after my order was placed the food still wasn't here. I called multiple times after the 1 hr mark (delivery was to be fulfilled within 40 - 60 minutes) and was told the delivery man was on his way and had left minutes ago and then had to call back over and over to get them to pick up and was then told that everyone had left for the night and that I should call tomorrow. I'm incredulous because I'm actually giving them 3 stars on a rant that started off as a 1 star review the food is so good. Super upset about not eating dinner tonight also. All other places that deliver are closed now that it's after 11pm...It's terrible!! We had the worst experience ever. Bad service. Long waiting times. After waiting for one hour, we finally got the plate thali which tasted horrible and the quantity was so less. Food was so dry including Rice and Rotis and did not taste good. Never going back there!Food was really good! Really authentic and delicious, as looking around at the clientele can tell you. I order the chicken dosa and it was huge! Although the meat was concentrated in the center, the accompanying sauces were great with the dosa. I would come again for the food but I was disappointed with the service. 
I had read the reviews before going and they highlighted how the food took forever, how the kitchen was disorganized and the time between dishes was really spaced out among parties, and how difficult it was to get wait service. Unfortunately I had the same experience. Luckily we weren't on a time crunch but I can't imagine going on a one hour lunch break because it would definitely have gone over. The waiters were friendly, but everything was just so disorganized, which was surprising because there were definitely enough waiters to serve all the tables in the restaurant.The most authentic South Indian restaurant. Really enjoyed the Appam with stew. Excellent service too !One of only two South Indian restaurants (that I know of) in Philadelphia. The food is terrific, well spiced and very tasty. A large variety of Dosas are served, although all seem to be made with potato filling. (Hey, I'm not an Indian food expert, and maybe that is how all Dosas are made.) Large choice of vegetarian and meat dishes. Service is quick and friendly. Highly recommended.If I can only make one complaint, it would be the waiting time for both the food and to be seated. This place literally just opened up not too long ago and I've tried this place twice within a month of trying it initially.
The first time was for dinner. I got the saag paneer, the Tika masala, the lentil curry, and the onion dosa. All of these dishes were tastier than what I have had in the past from any Indian restaurant. The roti kind of bread was so delicious and I could tell this place has a special kind of taste, almost like a round house kick or a pow of mmm. 
The waiters are Indian, the majority of patrons are Indian, I've asked my Indian friends if they enjoyed this place and they all have. 
This place gets a major thumbs up for bringing authentic taste with great delivery.
Today I had the thali for lunch, it was worth every bite. The textures the spices etc were great again. In addition, the paper was so yummy esp with the potato dip that was incorporated.
Love the culture just by the initial taste. I highly recommend this placeyou literally cant go wrong. The name of this place is so fitting because amma's means mom's. Im usually very picky with my south indian restaurants because I always find myself comparing it to my mom and grandmas cooking. This place comes very close for a restaurant! 
All the dosas were yummy and nice and crisp. A variety one that i recommend IF you like spicy food is the gongura dosa. It is a very south indian chutney spread inside the dosa- spicy and tarty. 
The other dish i really enjoyed was the idli fry- also another very spicy dish. 
To balance out the spice order everyones comfort food- yogurt rice- you know I definitely ordered this!Came here last Friday night with a group of 7. We made reservations for 7pm, which I would recommend doing for a large group because by 7:30pm the place was packed.
We ordered 2 dosas (masala & chicken) and a chili chicken for the table to share. All of these items weren't anything to rave about. We were, however, very pleased with our entrees. We ordered the Thalessery w/ lamb and the Chicken Chukka. Both had good flavor and were not overpowering in spice level for me. We also ordered the mango lassi, which was effective in combating the spice. I just wish it were a bit colder.
All in all, we would definitely come back. The staff was friendly and very helpful with the menu, given that we aren't too familiar with South Indian cuisine aside from your typical chicken tikki masala and butter chickens.I want to give four stars -- delicious food; appealing, atypical menu and authentic items, compared to other local Indian restaurants; pleasant and efficient service -- but the main dish prices hold me back.   The apps stood out for value and taste -- outstanding, big, fresh dosas; delicious gobi manchurian cauliflower; medhu vada, etc.  But at $16, $17, $18, the main chicken and mutton dishes were tiny, barely enough for two to share.  Also, there's nothing "resplendent" about the Chestnut Street location.  For sure, it's clean, spare, plain, but very noisy because high ceiling and bare floors and tables.  BYOB.Hands down the best Indian food I ever had in Philadelphia downtown! Authentic thalassery curry cooked in just the right amount of spice and flavor! 
Mutton biryani was delicious and was cooked to perfection! I also had masala dosa, the sambar and chutneys were really tasty and dosa had a soft and crispy combination! I would go here every week to try something new!  However being a student I found the prices a little on the higher side!Absolutely amazing. I've never had South Indian food before so I got a couple things that looked interesting. Both were SO good. I will definitely be coming back again.Terrific South Indian Food!!!! 
If you don't know where to start, consider the following dishes:
1. Kothu Parotta ( minced bread) comes as veg, meat, egg
2. Dosa ( savory crepe) ( Rava dosa, Masala dosa) 
3. Idli and sambar ( savory cake with dal) 
4. Appam and stew 
5. Malabar parotta
And the meat stuff is amazing too! (South Indian is more own for its meat, since the spices add unique flavor..A much needed Indian food spot in central Philly. Philly's food landscape feels complete now. The food was authentic but patience is key because everything is made from scratch. The Spinach Onion pakodas were crispy, warm and fresh. I would highly recommend trying the Chukka mutton with Malabar Parotta.At the recommendation of a friend I gave Amma's a try for takeout. Even on a Wednesday night they were extremely busy for both dine in and take out. I ended up waiting about an hour for my takeout (was quoted 40 minutes), so that was a bit frustrating but they were clearly trying. The takeout did not have any labels which was challenging given we had vegetarians and meat eaters but we got it sorted. The food was all tasty and very fresh. We particularly liked the pod idly and the vegetarian rice biryani. Wide menu with lots of things to explore.We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday 30 minutes after they opened and it had already started filling up. By the time it was 1 hr after opening there was a line of people who had to wait. My advice is to get there at the lates 30min after they open unless you have reservations. 
We had this curry soup that has rice and other veggies and boy was it good! 
Then we both got the South Indian Non-Veg Lunch Special.... $14! What a freaking deal. There is so much food. Don't let the small portions fool you. It all adds up. Every dish was excellent. I haven't tried all of the food there but I can tell that the food is just excellent. You can taste all of the spices and it's just a beautiful blend! You will love it trust me. 
The service however... not so great. They aren't trained very well. It's very slow and you have to constantly ask for your water to be filled or for them to take away your empty plates. These really are the minimum requirements I think. But either way the food is 10/10. You should still go there and I cannot wait to go back. 
So I went back and had the chicken dosa and it wang banging. The meat is at the center of the crispy (not sure what that's called).Be warned. I ate there on the 11th. It is now the 17th. I have had loose stool and an upset stomach for the entire week. To the point that I am running to the bathroom in the middle of exercising, almost not making it. I am going to the doctors tomorrow, and will update this review after some tests are run. Multiple of my friends had the same issue. My one friend who ate with me when I came here, also had issues this entire time. He went to a doctor today and was told its probably bacterial, and are running tests on his stool. I'm not sure if it is the spices they use or the handling of the food, but I won't be going here again.Some of the best Indian food in Philadelphia. It's a great plus that this establishment has halal meat in addition to some really great traditional South Indian dishes! Their food is always fresh and incredibly flavorful. My favorite dosa is the ghee roast dosa - so delicious and crispy! Make sure you leave room for the sizzling brownie.This place rocks. It seems like Center City has been upping its Indian restaurant game recently, and this is hopefully one of more to come. Amma's is more authentic-tasting than many of the Indian restaurants I've sampled around Philly or suburbs in my attempt to replicate my experience years ago in India. This represents more Southern Indian cuisine, and the spices and ingredients are on point. 
Every dish was bursting with flavor, and some bringing back familiar memories of the country and others a novel sensation (and tons of heat) of ingredients I've never tasted together or with intensity.
I'll admit we weren't very adventurous this time around, and the menu is definitely worth previewing as there were so many unfamiliar dishes and ingredients. Our favorite dish of the night was the onion masala dosa, which came with an incredible array of dips that really stood out in our meal: vibrant spices with unfamiliar spices, liberal use of minced coconut, and a form of sambar that reminded me a lot of my host mother's cooking.
Our server was also very patient and gave helpful recommendations. I can't wait to return to try out more dishes from the large menu. It's too bad it's slightly out of the way for me. Every time I pass by, the place is packed for good reason.Had the best meal here- amazing masala dosa and mutton biriyani. We are from India and this place lace is the real deal. The service here is excellent as well and the owner came by to see how we liked everything! Atmosphere is chill- and BYOB is the best part!!! I would highly recommend!Food was fresh and delicious. Portion sizes were very large and delivery was fast! Lots of great options, a must try!The food here is just mind-blowingly good, without fail, every time. It's like your taste receptors having a non-stop dance party. Every single one of them. Yep, it's that's good.Pros:
Excellent food. Super flavorful and spicy. Our table ordered two skillets to start off and they were on point.  The chicken dosa was the star for me. I ordered it extra spicy and the kitchen delivered.
Cons:
A bit pricey for the portions. We came during lunch and it took awhile to get our food.Delicious, ready for pickup on time. Would highly recommend if you're craving Indian food in Center CityModern set up, busy vibe. I usually love the idea of sampling/tasting menu with small portions and variety of dishes, but their lunch special is to the extreme and sacrificing quality as well... :( Both quail and chicken (app and main dish) were over cooked and very bony, barely got a bite from any dish. The cabbage side was good as well as seasoned rice and paratha, didn't care for the soup or the gravyish dish. There were too many dishes similar flavor and not well accompanied each other.
The quail was dry as cardboard, very nicely seasoned, but the seasoning rub was so thick it was more than the amount of meat it has... I know quail can be bony but this was to the extreme, as it only included the small wings and neck portion so it is difficult to eat and swallow. In the soupy chicken curry I got 3 pieces of "chicken": a piece of neck - full of bones, little meat; a piece of meat on the wings with bone in; and a piece of breast bone. 
Overall, each dish's seasoning was nice, but the execution was awful and they need to focus on quality over variety.The most amazing food! This restaurant has become one of my new local favorites. I've been hooked for the past couple of months. This menu has opened my eyes to to broader Indian food experience and I'm better off for it. My favorites are the Mutton Chukka, the Fish Fry, and the Chicken Pepper Varuval. Everything's good though so just wing. Just know it's going to be spicy goodness.This place just makes me so HAPPY. Dinner is great, but for the best time, get a thali platter for lunch. A little bit of everything, all of it delightfully spiced, makes for a fantastic eating experience. 
Also, major bonus points for fast and frequent water refills - a small but significant factor in my book.One of my go-to places for Indian food. Everything tastes fresh and homemade, I haven't ever been disappointed here!
My persona favorites are their ghee dosa, kothu parotta, saag paneer. The dipping sauces for the dosa are delicious along with the potato side they serve. The dosa is nice and crunchy and a hefty portion. The paneer tastes super fresh and should be ordered even for non-veg eaters!
I still need to try more of their entrees but I will definitely be back and would recommend Amma's to anyone looking for a great meal!Amma's has delicious food and a really fun atmosphere. The inside is loud and cozy, so it was a good place to go with my family. I went with my husband and our 6 month old daughter and they seated us at a two person table (which we expected-we didn't need a high chair) and it was fine! But then the owner/manager came over to double check that we were comfortable there and offered to put us at a 4 person table even though it was a busy afternoon! We were fine at the two person table, but it was just so thoughtful and considerate. 
The food was so tasty!Superb food. There are now two outstanding Indian restaurants within shouting distance of each other (the other is Thanal) and if there is one caveat it's is the appropriate use of the word "shouting". Amma is very noisy and youthful (the patrons are mostly young) but the wonderful food on the very large menu more than makes up for it. Do try a Dosa from the 18 varieties offered. An eggplant was superb as were two different Gobi cauliflower appetizers. "Even" the biryani with boneless chicken was outstanding and spicy. They are a BYOB, too!  A wonderful restaurant.Very average food. In fact do not have high expectations based on the price.
I would say very expensive based on quality of food. On pics they show they serve on banana lied, but they don't.
Vegetarians: worst thing they don't use separate utensils, they cook on the same vessels and they right that on their menu this thing..being Indian restaurant they should know how important it is the separate and give this comfort to vegetarian customers.
Service was very slow, they just try to avoid giving extra Sambhar 
Not recommended, try another cousion or place.Really good food. Loved the chicken and mutton soups. The dosa was really crispy. The lassi and tea were fabulous. Also tried the fried fish which was great. Great food. Loved the experience.Amma's is a nice place for lunch and a place to catch up at. The food has rich flavors and tons of spices. I was here with my coworkers and all of them enjoyed the food and atmosphere of the restaurant. I ordered the non vegetarian lunch special with has a variety of dishes from rice, spiced veggies, etc.
The meal is fairly reasonable. I would say the portions were a bit small for my appetite but it would enough for a normal appetite.This was my first time trying Indian food and I fell in love with Amma.  Everything we ordered was delicious & fresh.  The only bad thing I i could say was that the line was out the door with people please trying to get into this place, call ahead!Aweful service.. food is good but whats the point when you dont get the food you ordered (which i think should take less than 5 minutes to put together because its the running thing).. ordered the food at 12:28 pm and i am writing this review at 1:17  pm feeling hungry and frustrated.. order came in 1.20 finally and they took ot back coz that not we ordered for.Seriously cannot wait for my next visit. Authentic South Indian food is hard to find so checking out Amma's was a great experience. 
This is the perfect restaurant for family style dining to share different appetizers, curries, breads and rices with your family and friends. There is a variety of selections to choose from that would not disappoint. 
Kothu parotta is one of my favorite south indian dishes and I was pretty excited to see it on the menu. The mixes of spices, flavors, meat, and vegetables were the perfect blend and consistency.  All of the dishes were presented wonderfully.
It will definitely get crowded on the weekends, lunch and dinner but the servers will be accommodating to your needs whether it be one person or a big group of family and friends.Was craving South Indian food last night and saw that a new lil Indian restaurant had popped up in Rittenhouse Square. From yelp reviews it looked pretty legit so we stopped by to grab some take out. We ordered the mutton dosa and the lamb korma. The korma was medium spicy which was perfect for me. It also came with a ton of rice. The restaurant had packed the mutton and the potato separately to prevent the dosa from getting soggy during transport, which was pretty thoughtful. Both dishes tasted delicious and prices were actually reasonable too!One of the best South Indian restaurant in US. What makes them stand out is their usage of authentic spices and dishes that stay true to their regional roots. We had podi idli and idli sambar bowl which were as good as what you get in Hyderabad.Really good dosas. And byob so we had dosas and mimosas- if you go here would recommend getting a dosa, everything else is kind of pricy and not worth in comparisonOrder was all mistake, I ordered for non veg Thali, they ended up giving me a bowl full of potatoes curry and one peice of chicken instead of meat thali. I paid for meat thali price but ended up getting veg thali.The mutton biriyani was terrible and looks like they use old meat that they deliberately wanted to push out from their old inventory/stock. The mutton never tasted good and looks like this restaurant has totally lost its credibility and we are never coming back again. Very unpleasant!!Indian food so good, I could cry!! I came to Philly from Seattle, where there was ample delicious Indian food. In my four years here I have not found a single decent authentic Indian restaurant in Philly, until now!! Amma's is exceptional in every way. The food is amazing (I had the butter paneer, my boyfriend had the butter chicken, and we shared the gobi Manchurian appetizer, and all was amazing). Service was great. It's a BYO which is very convenient. I am so happy this places opened in Philly and it is already in my top 5 favorite Philly restaurants. I am so happy to have found it!Dosas are great! I really miss south Indian food and Amma is pretty authentic.Very tasty food. Tried idli sambar and meduvada sambar. Everything was packed perfectly with chutnies for my Togo orderI love Ammas kitchen! Their food is amazing! As Authentic As you can get when it comes to South Indian cuisine in USA. Great spot, fair prices, good portion! They do take longer than usual to bring your food but worth the wait. I have been here many times both with small and big parties. Never disappointed!My wife and I are dosa aficionados. We have had dosa in India, New York, San Francisco and Edison NJ and we were very excited when we saw Philadelphia was getting a legit Dosa / South Indian restaurant. Our expectations were very high and I must admit that Amma's exceeded our expectations. Their food was fresh, flavorful, spicy and enjoyable. Everything we tried was excellent and on par with the best we have had anywhere. We will be back often. Welcome Amma's and well done!The food is delicious. I got the couples platter which was a lot of food for a VERY good price! Must try!We ordered a pick-up for 3 Dosa and 1 Kothu Parotta. We asked for extra Sambhar, and we paid for it(which they never do if you are dining-in). When we checked our package later, we were missing sambhar. There was only 1 bowl of it. Not to mention, the quantity was so less for sambhar and potato filing that it wasn't enough for 3 people. I've never had a good experience at this place. I try this place once in a while but never had a good experience.This place came through for my wife and I on our anniversary dinner. 
Everything we ate from the Masala Dosa to the Gobi Manchurian to the Chicken Lollipops had a good amount of flavor and spice to it. 
But my wife is the real expert. If you can please the woman born in Mumbai, you've done your job. And she was quite happy.Being a south indian, I can gladly say this is an amazing south indian restaurant! Food and quality is at par with what you get in quality restaurants in India!Went there last night with my wife for dosa and Sambar. We had a 25 min wait for a table and then a 30 min wait for the food (dosas) after ordering. The food was ridiculously spicy... we couldn't eat the Sambar and even the coconut chutney was ridiculously spicy and inedible!I love the popular Indian restaurant items like butter chicken and samosas, which are more typically North Indian dishes to my knowledge, but I was so excited to try something a little different here! My friend and I ordered a lunch special and a masala dosa to share. We kept a menu in case we needed more food, but boy was that not the case. 
The lunch special was like a sampler platter of numerous curries, rices, soups, and breads, which were a little hotter and less creamy than typical Indian restaurant fare but all very tasty. As someone who needs variety with Indian food (love the buffets!), I really enjoyed getting to try lots of new things at once. The dosa was a HUGE crispy pancake the length of my arm, served with an inexplicably incredible potato filling and several dipping sauces. I was wondering how a pancake could be worth $12, but it was delicious and filling enough to be a whole meal in itself. These two dishes were more than plenty, and I'm still thinking about that dosa hours after the meal. 
Service was quick with waitresses readily answering questions and filling our water, and all the tables were appropriately socially distanced. If you like Indian food but want to try something new, come here and get their South Indian specialties that aren't served anywhere else!My husband and I are there tonight and we're both in love!  It's actually well-spiced flavorful Indian food...finally!   It's exactly what this city has been missing.  We had the sambar idli, fried cauliflower, and both a chicken and a lamb curry.   Everything was wonderful and the service was warm and Friendly.  I will be craving this place until I go back!I keep trying to give this place a fair shake and have been here multiple times both pre and during pandemic both dine in and take out. Because I keep seeing all the great reviews and people who say this is their favorite Indian food in all of Philly and I unfortunately, just don't get it? Am I ordering the wrong stuff? 
Dining in and the staff are always pleasant. My go to when trying any Indian place I haven't before is to order chicken tikka masala. I always think that's a good standard common denominator dish. And it was pretty good. Not the best I had but it's decent and a good portion but still not 18 dollars good. However I've also ordered the butter chicken and another dish I can't remember and they all seemed really similar with no discernible difference (at least to my eyes or taste buds). 
Another staple I like to use to base how much I like an Indian restaurant is vegetable korma. It was a total bummer. Usually you order veggie korma and you expect to get a healthy portion of veggies and a rich and creamy flavorful sauce and what I got (pictured) was some weird unappetizing looking paste with some peas in it. It had the weirdest texture. Gritty, but also really wet and when mixed with the rice felt like I was eating some kind of sponge. It also just tasted like straight cardamom pods with no really great depth of flavor I'm used to getting from veggie korma elsewhere.  I hate to be negative but it was so bad and so disappointing especially considering I paid 15 dollars for paste. 
It's hard to really justify paying the prices for the quality of the food and takeout is also inconsistent with how efficiently you wait and get your food. Sometimes it's quick other times it's a small eternity and it's hard to predict what you're gonna get. And every time my takeaway after eating the food is "this is fine I guess" (or in the case of the veggie korma "I have regrets"). 
At the end of the day, I think this place is worth at least trying once, rolling the dice and maybe trying some of the stuff some of the five star ratings have mentioned. Maybe you will fare better than me. Maybe it just requires trying something off the beaten path and not the typical Indian food staples. I will probably give them one more shot to try the dosa because it seems everyone is pretty hype about them. But it will take a good while for me to shake off that korma. Good luck!Amma's South Indian Cuisine from Vorhees, New Jersey now has a sister establishment in Phillytown.  Wow it's great that Center City Philly finally has an excellent South Indian restaurant.  When one thinks of South Indian cuisine, one automatically thinks of Dosas ... but this place has so many more offerings than Dosas.  Especially featured are many of the dishes from Tamil Nadu.  It's a far cry from the Tandoori cooking of North India.
For an appetizer I ordered the well-known veggie fritters called Medhu Vada.  They came with two chutneys and a sambar.  They were good but probably something I won't order again - a little too heavy for me.  The main course on the other hand, I really enjoyed. This was the popular Tamil Nadu delicacy of  Kothu Parotta. Made with veggies and broken up parotta bread,it was indeed tasty.  The yogurt and salna sauces added to the flavors present.  
Service was very friendly and efficient.  Prices are a level above your standard curry house or Indian buffet joint ... but to try a whole new slew of Indian foods, it is well worth it!I'm SO GLAD Philly has finally found South Indian cuisine. Love love love this place. It's the most authentic South Indian food experience in the Philadelphia area, hands down. I went with my parents who were visiting from South India (I myself grew up there) and my very American white husband, and we were ALL satisfied. They have traditional South Indian, right down to the kapi (coffee) served in stainless steel tumblers, which my mom loved, and they also have a few more popular dishes to cater to the American palate like my husband's. Most of what we ate from the bhajis to dosas to traditional curries famous in the south of India were delicious. The place was still new when we went & the line was out the door. Despite the number of patrons, the service was wonderful. The location right in center city is super convenient. I've been to the sister restaurant in Voorhees & that's just as good.I did not expect such a great South Indian restaurant to be at 16th and Chestnut (well, it's actually between 15th and 16th). Outside of India and the UK I rarely come across really good Indian food, and there definitely isn't much in and around the Philly area. They are either catered to the western palate and/or too greasy. Amma's truly shines in their authentic flavour. It is not a big place, and they always seem busy. I passed during the weekday lunch hours and it is pretty much filled with office workers. I went here on a Saturday at 3pm and it was still crowded, but the wait was only about 10 min. 90% of the customers were South Asians so that was pretty promising. The service overall was pretty good; depending on the workers some were extra attentive and others didn't seem too happy to be working. The food was really delicious; I had to stop the urge to order multiple items, but more reason to come back and try out other menu offerings! I had veg thali which was on par with the ones I had in India many years ago. It was so satisfying. My husband had Kothu Parotta with goat - once again flavoured very well and not greasy at all. I really hope they will keep up with their food quality and stay for a very long time!Excellent Indian cuisine. No artificial flavor. Tasty but maybe you would need to wait for more than usual, because they are busy cooking for so many deliveries.Great food, great customer service. Will definitely be back to Amma's. Server & chef went out  of their way to accommodate dietary needs. Good portion sizes.I was intrigued by this brand new South Indian restaurant open on Chestnut, right next to Popeyes, and decided to give it a try. The restaurant felt spacious, with its large front window setting a casual vibe. Perhaps because of its recent opening, they seemed understaffed for weekend dinner with only 2-3 main front workers taking calls/orders, seating people, and refilling cups. Despite that, we had a good experience overall -- the servers were attentive throughout and we had a relaxed and comfortable meal.
We ordered chicken korma and grilled chicken butter masala curry (came with a bowl of rice). Both were well portioned and delicious. The butter masala curry was nothing like I've ever had before -- the sauce was yellow and VERY buttery, a little sweet, and thick. It was super filling! The chicken korma was soupier/lighter, zesty, and a little spicy. The chicken in both curries were nice and tender. The dinner price point is average in the area for the portion/quality (~$12-17/main dish).
I would like to come back for lunch and try more on their menu. Apparently they have a 15 item lunch special everyday until 3 pm for $12-14 per person... sounds like a great deal!I came back again for lunch over the weekend after seeing that the owner(?) kindly replied to my review. 
I feel perhaps 2 stars is too harsh because I still think the food is pretty good. However, the wait is unbearable. This time my partner ordered the chicken biryani and coffee, and I had the dosa again. We waited 40 minutes before the biryani was placed in front of us. It was another 10 minutes before my dosa came out. By the time I got my food, my partner was nearly done with his meal and I had reached peak hunger. 
Maybe the move is to order just the thali or something small first....Though I did notice others waiting quite a while before their starters appeared.
I also noticed that the thali description was updated to "and more" which I guess is a step up from feeling cheated. The dosa seemed less filled than the first time I was hereIt was a great South Indian food! The service was warm, just the regular South Indian cuisines are better than new things on the menu. My wife tried pizza dosa and wasn't impressed. On the other hand, I have tried rava dosa and thali and those are legit! Reminded me of good south Indian restaurants in India.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Period. For someone who's coming out of college I have brought dates, my family, my friends and everyone loves it. Everyone. Order the thalassery curry and get the coffee after your meal!This is a great place for south Indian food! I have been trying to find a place in Philadelphia and I finally did! I went with my co-workers and they loved the place!  We got the chicken 65 and it was delicious. However, I wish it came with a dipping sauce as it can get dry. 
We also got the paneer masala dosa, maysore masala dosa, and chicken biryani! They all came very close to took me back to memories of having South Indian food in India. The service was okay a little slow but I had also gone during rush hour at lunch. Overall, would 100% come back to try other items on their menu!Have been here twice. First time, we were in a hurry and got all appetizers. Very good, especially the chicken lollipops. 
Second time we got real meals. Everyone was very nice. Guy explained to us what to get instead of naan, and although I suddenly daydreamed that he has to hear requests for "naaaaan" all day in American accents, he was very enthusiastic about describing the  alternative options. 
Dal curry - great
Kothu parotta (chicken) - Fantastic. This is like an egg/bread/meat combo. You'll just have to order it, but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Very nice.
Malabar parotta -  Fantastic. I guess parotta means bread. This was our non-naan. Had some of the qualities of Italian olive oil cake. Loved it.
Rasam - This soup was a bit too spicy and tangy for us.
Woman came by more than once to check on us, and we chatted a bit aobut the kothu parotta. 
Everything came out fast. We love this place.GREAT FOOD, however this place would greatly benefit from a POS system to help them organize their wait list. It is quite chaotic with everyone gathered around the front waiting to hear their name and you are stuck standing in the chaos since they do not have a texting system in place to let you know when your table is ready. 
The food also took ridiculously long to come out. We ordered one appetizer, a dosa, and two entrees at the same time. The appetizer took about 30 minutes to come out, followed by the dosa another 20 minutes later and then finally the entrees another 20 minutes later. Like I said the food was really good, just the service that really needs to be improved. Glad it's a BYOBUsually when people think to eat indian food it's mostly north indian food (such as naan and dishes like chicken tikka masala), but this place is super unique because is specializes in a southern indian cuisine which is hard to find around the city! (They also have the typical north indian food, but i've never had it so I can't speak to it, although a place that specializes in south Indian i'd definitely suggest to step outside your comfort zone and get that instead). I would suggest getting dosa (basically an Indian crepe) and there's various fillings you can get to dip in the chutney's and sambar, ask the waiters if you're unsure what to get they're very nice (but they can be a little slow to come around so ask all your questions at once). The food is amazing and very authentic and they give huge portionsI never got here in person so this is my takeout review. 
First of all all the food looked delicious but there is one thing that really turned me off when I found a piece of plastic in the chicken curry. If it weren't for that I would give it four stars.
Curry was pretty watery and portion size was ok. I am used to getting more rice in other Indian places. All the sauces were kind of bland.As a South Indian, I am really disappointed in this restaurant!!! Ordered Mysore Bonda and got a vada shaped round, which is not okay!!!! Mysore bonda is made of a totally different batter!!! And the worst thing is that Gobi 65 is nothing like gobi 65 and came with a side of coconut chutney!! This is an insult to indian food. You might be fooling Americans but you seriously have to stop this!!! Moreover, for the price the quantity is very low. Dosa was good but a bit pricey. What got me super mad was when I ordered rose lassi, they literally brought La Yogurt Probiotic strawberry flavored (which we basically ate frequently at home). Never coming back and americans please don't get fooled! This is not authentic South Indian food!!This place is a great find when it comes to authentic Indian food in Philly. I tried coming here on a Sunday and it was packed with people waiting in line on the inside, so I decided to come back on a weekday evening with a friend when we didn't have to wait to be seated. The place was still relatively busy with only 1 or 2 vacant tables. The first thing I noticed is that service time is rather slow. It takes a while for the server to take our orders, and definitely over 30 minutes between placing the order and food to arrived. I had the chicken biryani which seemed small in the pot it came in, but boy was the actual portion huge. I loved the flavors in the biryani and the well cooked basmati rice. My only regret was not being able to finish everything on my plate. I also had the mango lassi to start, which was well done.I wasn't happy that I was seated in a hallway and I did A LOT of moaning and groaning to my husband about it but.....the food was incredible. It is real South Indian malayalee home cooked food! I had to take all my complaints back and eat it!!! I will be back... next time not in the hallway!I had read some amazing reviews about this place so I figured I should come and check it out!! I'm not sure if I had high expectations or if the food was bad!
We ordered masala vada and dosas and everything was super bland! I felt like there was no flavor to the food! Not only was the food bland but the food took so long to come out! I waited about an hour for our dosas to come out and when we asked for more chutney, the waiter said they were making it....why do they not have chutney already made when it's served with almost every dish? I was so confused!! The chutney took another 30 mins to come out!! The service was terrible and I don't think I will be back!!
I think I'll stick to my moms dosas!!A part of me wants to yell to the heavens my love for Amma's, yet another more selfish part of me doesn't want them to get so popular that I can't get a seat. 
I dream of the spinach onion pagodas, wish I could wrap myself in an onion rava masala blanket, and plan on baptizing my first child in that green sauce that comes with the dosas (no idea the name).
I'm so sorry Ekta, I never meant to cheat on you. It just happened and was love at first bite.I order Rava Dosa plain as I am allergic to potatoes. My order served with potatoes and without a regret, it was reserved with taken potatoes out. I do not trust this restaurant specially if you are Jain or Swaminarayan.Born and raised in Kerala (state in S India) and raised up in the states eating mom's Indian food. Guys, I'm so excited to tell you how authentic and delicious the food is here! I have only tried the ghee roast dosa and chettinad so far and it was sooo good! Will have to try the rest of the menu to see if it holds up! I have a feeling it will!!For the last 3+ years that I have been in Philly, I have been waiting for good Indian/South Indian restaurants to open in the city. Every time I crave for good Indian food, I have to drag one of my friends to drive 30-40 mins to King of Prussia or New Jersey. I was beyond ecstatic when I heard Amma's had opened on 15th and Chestnut. First Thanal (check it out if you haven't already) and then this? This year is turning out to be swell! 
Went there last night with a friend and we literally couldn't decide what to get! I am salivating right now even thinking about last night's dinner. Anywho back to reality - we ordered the spicy Idly Podi, Mutton Kheema dosa and Chicken Lollipop. Everything was so delicious and flavorful - not sure how to even describe it better than that. 
I am NOT a coffee person, I can only drink coffee made by my mom and here in the US (no offense) even the smell of coffee makes me nauseous sometimes. But I had to try the Madras filter coffee because why not?! It was probably the best coffee I have had after coming here to the states. It is bitter enough and has like a hint of chocolate somehow - like how I had always imagined in my head a Mocha should be. I can totally get addicted to this coffee. Try it! 
If you trust my reviews - you have to head over to this place now. I can't imagine what'll happen once everyone gets to know about this gem - will I ever get to sit peacefully and devour all the South Indian goodness this place has to offer just like last night?One of the best places in Philly for Indian food. As a South Indian, I can say that the food is pretty authentic. Highly recommend the onion rava masala dosa, the chilli chicken appetizer, and the uthappamWhen you walk into an Indian restaurant and half of the diners are Indian, it's a good sign that the food is going to be authentic and delicious. I was recommended this restaurant by two South Indian coworkers who told me it's where they go when they want a meal to remind them of home. I was not disappointed. 
The food is delicious and spicy, the service is great, and everything is reasonably priced! Not to mention, as a bonus, it's BYOB. I've also ordered Amma's for delivery and the food holds up in transit very well. 
I highly recommend trying the gulab jamun. For the uninitiated, gulab jamun is a dessert of fried dough balls saturated with sweet syrup. I make a point of ordering it whenever I have Indian food. Amma's makes the best I've had. There was some enticing and comforting flavor in the syrup that I couldn't quite identify. Was it anise? Orange water? Whatever it was, it was delicious.This place may not be cheap but I have never had such good Indian food before, nor have I seen such an exciting menu (I hadn't even heard of over half the items!) Well worth the cost.Quite delicious south Indian food.  Most Indian restaurants in Philadelphia are north Indian so this offers different types of flavors (in addition to some very familiar dishes).  I had only had south Indian food a few times before, and was very glad to see Amma's.  If you like Indian flood and want to try some less-common things, with a somewhat different flavor profile, I definitely recommend it.  
Its also not far from where Minar Palace used to be, and I was very sad when that place closed.  More familar north Indian flavors, but it was good and I miss it.  So this is my new go-to for Indian take-out for occasional dinner out.Ordered take out after having eaten in the restaurant.
The restaurant experience was great. Loved every single bite, super flavorful!
Unfortunately the take out was not at the level I remembered.
The Lamb vindaloo was good, definitely a small portion but good.
The saag paneer was very soupy, lacking the creaminess and the flavor that you would expect.
The "baby eggplant cooked in hot tamarind sauce" was soupy and full of garlic cloves
Finally the paneer dosa was super greasy....
I love this place and I really hope this was a one off experience!Great South Indian restaurant with a lot of options, but the food takes a while to come out, and is a bit pricey. I had the ghee dosa and would definitely recommend it.Food was amazing! Def recommend the Egg dosa, can't find this in NY. Good place for all day any day meal. Service was great. This was our first restaurant after coming to Philly for our vacation; dont regret it at all! Loved everything!My favourite dish is Bisi Bele Bath. This restaurant has it, and most (close to all in Philly) other Indian restaurants do not. They do a good job of it. Therefore, I love Amma's. Sometimes things really are that simple.
I honestly cannot tell you what the other dishes are like because I've never had them.Terrible service, I placed an order. When I got there to pick up the food, they left an item out until i checked. I drove home 30 miles away  and when I open the food the one of the item is wrong. Manager kept arguing instead of understanding and refunding the money and then hung up on me. No respect. Will never go back.I heard about Amma after having my Italian friend rave about this place in voorhees. When she found out that they just opened up a new location in philly, she went crazy and had to bring me out for dinner there. When I got there on a weekend, the place was JAM PACKED! I was shocked. 
Food is definitely amazing!!!! We tried different types of curries and it did not let us know. Although I found some apps to be slightly on the less flavorful side. We also had the dosas, and again, I thought they were ok. But their curries were definitely top notch!!! I'll definitely try their uttapams next time. 
Also- you definitely need a strong stomach to handle all the flavors in their curries. As an Indian, my stomach could not handle it. 
P.S - it's byob!I would give this restaurant 5 stars.  I order take out it was ready in 25 minutes the staff was pretty friendly for how busy they were.  The food was excellent! I got vegetable biryani and vindaloo curry   It was really good and spicy I really enjoyed the food!We lovvveeee this restaurant (I once went twice in 24 hours) and have ordered delivery throughout the pandemic. Can't wait to go in person again soon!I love Dosa and South Indian food so I was so happy to find this place. There are lots of options and everything was tasty.  My only issue is that this type of food is best hot and if you get it delivered, then it's lukewarm by the time you eat it. Food is spicy so ask for mild if that's what you want.Ordered delivery from Amma's on a whim the other night and WOW it was amazing! Everything was perfectly spicy too. Can't wait to try more of their menuDelicious food, we order the dinner special
every week! And the onion dosa is amazing too!!I would rate this place even higher if the service was not so abysmal- which really speaks to how good the food is. The food is really delicious, legit, and the menu is extensive. Plenty of ways to experience the cuisine. The acoustics are loud and our food, as in first dish, took well over 45 min from when we ordered. While our particular server was nice and tried to be attentive, also recognizing that our food was taking a while, this place really needs to fix their speed to keep up with the crowds as well as their inconsistencies with service. We were brought incorrect drinks at one point and they just seem disorganized overall, though nice. Better to go on a slow weekday on an off time otherwise just manage your expectations.I admit, I cannot handle spicy that well but I was so good that I kept eating and downing 4 glasses of water. Went with a group of friends, one of them Indian and confirmed that it was pretty authentic south Indian cuisine.Let me preface this by saying that I'm south Indian, so I'm a little biased, but I came here expecting a little more than I probably should have.
The ambiance is nice and service was pretty quick. It's also byo like a lot of other restaurants in philly! 
For the appetizer, we got the gobi manchurian, which was actually quite good! Gobi manchurian for me is a hit or miss because sometimes it can end up tasting like fried cauliflower with ketchup on it, but the spices in this really added a lot and the glaze was very flavorful! 
For the entree I ordered a regular Masaladosa, which comes with a cup of sambar and three types of chutney. Did those itself was really good, I had no complaints there, and the filing good as well, but the sambar was a little lacking. It was pretty watered down and not super flavorful, so I'd say stick with the chutney! 
I may come back to try their other dosas though!Really bad! Not sure where the people writing good reviews of this place have eaten before. 
1. Definitely dont order meat dishes here. The quality of the meat they use is seriously questionable. We took two bites and pushed the dishes aside. It was the poorest quality meat Ive ever had. 
2. The quality of the staple south indian dishes is sub-par at best. Arent they a south indian restaurant? if they cant do south indian food right, then...
3. They charged auto gratuity of 20% for a party of 6! Two of the people in the party were babies! So 4 people + 2 babies = an auto gratuity of 20%? Even Davios the 5+ super expensive steak house down the street doesnt charge an autograt for such small parties. If the service was really good, okay fine, it wouldnt be that big of a deal since I usually tip 18% automatically. BUT, their service was soooo poor. I had to ask them for water, I had to ask them for plates, I had to ask them for cutlery. So why am I giving you a tip? What exactly did you do?!! 
Will never return, food sucked and service was bad. Oh, I just heard that they got shut down for health code violations. Not surprised.This is a very average Indian place. As a South Indian who eats and cooks well, I can critique what we ate today. First, We ordered a Nattu Kozhi Soup. It literally was too hot, it looked like they added pepper twice. We usually eat spicy food so we know what a spicy nattu kozhi tastes like, but this was unbearable bad and we couldn't even continue with this. Then we ordered paneer chili, this was actually good but not great, which is why I am giving a two star rating. Then we ordered a royalaseema dosa Erich was supposed to be spicy. But this was basically a podi masala dosa and was not spicy at all by any measure. But the worst part was that the sambar and chutneys were horrible. Sambar was tasteless, chutney had no salt and the other chutney lacked spice. It is important to get sambar and chutney right in a dosa. Finally we ordered lemon soda which was actually great and the best order, but a bit too late.   !!This place is amazing! We ordered a whole bunch of items and they were all excellent! Make sure to order the dosa-classic South Indian bread like item! It is huge--and very fun to look at when it comes out! We can't wait to come back!i wanted to try this place because i heard such good things but when i finally got here... i had no idea what to order! i'm not very familiar with south indian cuisine. i'm used to the typical basic, tikka masala, butter chicken, etc. 
bc nothing looked familiar to me on the menu, i ordered the lunch sampler platter non vegeterian
i honestly dont know what i was eating, but it was so good! it was great to get a sampling of everything. i'm hoping next time i go i can have a better idea of what i should order here, i'm open to recommendations!!Just read the food safety inspection report for Amma's. Would never go there again. 
https://www.phila.gov/services/permits-violations-licenses/business-licenses-permits-and-approvals/food-businesses/look-up-a-food-safety-inspection-report/I fell in love with this place. Went twice already in one week! Food is fresh and amazing. I tried several kinds of their dosas and they all won my heart. I will say their "non spicy" food  can be on the spicier side. So that's something to keep in mind if you have a low tolerance for Spicy food. My favorite is their madrasi filtered coffee. (Strong coffee drinkers only) Oh! My! God! It is to die for!!! It felt like a sip of heaven. It's very strong and on the bitter side but absolutely delightful and well balanced. It comes in a small metal cup for $3 but SO worth it! 
On the weekends definitely should make reservations as the place fills up quickly and not much space to wait around in. Make sure they take your name and number because sometimes they tend to forget to note your reservation lol hoping this will be solved as they progress. On regular weekdays I did notice they still took a while to bring out the food (about 40 mins) not sure why it took so long but again it's worth it and I just hope they work on these little issues. Overall place is cleanReally great food. We went on a Friday night and it was busy. You don't get a waiter and you have to order online. I thought that was weird. You have to put your credit card info in...I guess cash is not accepted. Nonetheless great food. Really flavorful and fresh. It took time and love to make this food!!! Loved every bite.Really delicious flavors. More spicy than most other places I've tried, but not so much that you don't enjoy the dishesIf you wanna try some authentic dosa this is the place you should go to. Do not forget to get filter coffee. Make a reservation before you go they're pretty busy mostly but even if you have to wait the food will be worth it.Food can be good depending how crowded they are.... 
the service and food is better when it's not all that crowdedThis is by far the coolest Interior of an Indian restaurant that I have ever seen.  I'm not posting any pictures of the inside because you have to come see for yourself it's that awesome. Perfect for Philly 
Now down to the food... the most important part judging by the aromas that hit me when i first l walked in I already knew I was in for a treat.
The goat curry was the best I've ever tasted I stole a piece from my BF's plate 
My Dosa OmGoodness the tastiest crispiest Dosa I've ever had and I've tried many believe me... 
I picked the masala dosa as that's my favorite and it had the perfect amount of filling.
The sambar had a nice kick to it; but not too spicy. 
 And as an added bonus I had three super delicious Vada on my tray 
That did it for me I was a happy girl...
So please take some time to come visit this place it's really unique and I'm sure you will love the food...
Make sure to let me know what you had and I will be sure to try it next time I come...Absolutely love the food! Everything comes perfectly cooked, neatly packaged for take out and tastes delicious every time. You will not be disappointed!Amma's was a restaurant that I had bookmarked before the pandemic but had never gotten around to. When my fifteen-year-old asked if we could order Indian food take out, I remembered I'd never gotten to visit this place (I was always on the look-out for sweet BYOB's). I pulled up caviar and we made our order. My daughter always wants the standard chicken tikka masala so that was her order. I ordered the Chettinad, based on the description on the menu that it is "the spiciest and most aromatic cuisine in south India". We also ordered 2 malabar porotta. Upon the first bite of this by my fifteen-year-old daughter she quickly commented,"Wow. That bread SLAPS". It did. Slap. It was so delicious and as I do love naan (which is all I know to compare it to).. it was softer, richer and tasted like they had just baked it fresh from the oven (baked? Fried? Grilled? Whatever. DELICIOUS) My dish was filled with aromatic spices and I ordered it with chicken that was juicy and delicious. My kid loved her tikka masala also with chicken and we both enjoyed the Gobi (cauliflower and other vegetables marinated with ginger, garlic, turmeric, coriander spices and herbs and dusted with flour, then deep fried). SO good. We gobbled our food down that was served with two generous portions of rice. Caviar delivered within 30 minutes and the delicious food was delivered hot and fresh. Can't wait til the world returns to semi normal because I will love sitting at one of their tables and enjoying this tasty food again.Wonderful food, fresh and tastes like homemade. They also prepare Jain food without onion and garlic if requested. Their dosas are out of the world and all my friends whom I have taken have said the same. In fact they have become regular customers here and order regularly. The place in very clean and the service is wonderful. Can't say really anything bad about the place!I've been through this street so many times but have never noticed Amma's here literally next to Popeyes. It was only when I was invited to a lunch here with some friends that I noticed that Amma's existed. I've heard so many good things about this place so I was excited to try it out.
We ordered the Chicken Dosa and Shrimp Saag for our entrees. The chicken dosa was humongous literally taking up an entire quarter of the table - I was shook. The shrimp saag was much smaller haha thank goodness. The dosa is like a crispy crepe with chicken filled on the inside. While I would have appreciated the chicken to be more flavorful, it was still delightful to eat. The shrimp saag was yummy and I loved how fresh the shrimp tasted! It literally tasted like it was straight out of the ocean and I had only tasted shrimp like that when I was in Hong Kong tbt.
Our meal was rounded off with a delicious mango lassi and South Indian filter coffee -- although the coffee could NOT hold me off the incredible food coma I had. Nonetheless we persisted.
If you're in the area give Amma's a try!This is great lunch place- I imagine it's just as good for dinner. You can get a sampler plate that has a cornucopia of flavors and delicious treats. Run, don't walk to get here, but be aware, their may be a line- start a conversation, make some friends and enjoy the wonderful cuisine.If you really want to know what yummy homemade South Indian food is, you MUST go here! Everything I have tried is good. We also frequent their restaurant in Voorhees. Dosas, idlis, curries, and vadas are consistently good. Get the hot South Indian coffee with it!WoW....this restaurant tapped into an undercurrent for authentic south indian/chettinad food in Philly city. Most major east and west coast cities have something like this. I personally was very tired of eating the same old chicken tikka/butter chicken/naan crappy north indian/punjabi food that goes for Indian food here. 
This restaurant is toooooo popular now. Don't go during peak hours and then complain it took long!
As far as the food goes, though I am very grateful for this food, it is not  authentic mom's cooking. It is more like.... mom's son moves to US, loses his IT job and sets up a successful restaurant where food is cooked by 'god knows who' to make food with south indian flavors.Came to this place because of all the hype surrounding it! As someone who is South Indian, the food was pretty good here. We split a bunch of things - the vegetarian thali, Mysore masala dosa, and the chicken tikka. The Mysore masala dosa was definitely the best - very spicy, crisp edges, and delicious potato filling inside. The chicken tikka was very average.
The worst part about this place is the service. We waited almost 30 minutes for a waiter to even come to our table to give us water. We had also ordered chai drinks, which they ended up forgetting about and brought when we were almost finished our meals. Everything is very slow paced at this restaurant - if you're coming, be prepared to spend at least 1.5-2 hours.Easily the best Indian food I've ever had. We went for my birthday a few weeks ago because of all the rave reviews they've gotten by various food websites and it was even better than expected! My favorite was the paneer tikka masala, but everything we had was fantastic.Finally...South Indian food, spicy, flavorful, and pretty much like what my mom cooks/we get in India. 
Pros:
You walk in and it smells like it is supposed to! 
Great food options - wide variety for both veg and non veg. The rasam was spot on. The Kotthu parotha wasn't explained well so I was surprised when it came out (Its Parotha cut up and cooked with vegetables and eggs in our case) but again excellent. Had a ghee dosai which was cooked very well, presented well, and came with again perfect potato palya and sambar. So many things I want to check out on the menu. 
The biggest thing I liked about this place was that it was not trying to be fancy like so many other center city indian restaurants try. 
Cons (But honestly I don't care):
Tables were super small for the size of the dishes that come out
Food took a while to come out.
They were very slow at filling water and clearing dirty dishes
Most of this felt like new-business-will-slowly-learn problems and again, I didn't care because the food was fantastic. 
Forget all the other random Indian places in town, go here!I really wanted to like this place due to all the great reviews I heard from colleagues and friends. The Madras filter coffee was good but three dollars for a small cup of office is lil overpriced. I ordered the chicken korma which tasted nothing like korma. They gave us watered down chicken curry instead of chicken korma. The masala dosa was okay but lacked flavor. I won't be returning!Legit. There's your one word summary!
Amma's is Mama's cooking with mmmmm in the middle. All cheesiness aside, this hot little South Indian spot popped up smack dab on Chestnut and caught us all by surprise! 
I was wandering home from doing some errands in a slightly delirious stupor after a 24 hr shift...when I doubled back to this bustling restaurant stuffed full of little tables dotted with gigantic banana leaves and towering scrolls of dosa. On a whim I decided to treat myself to a little lunch feast...and I will be coming back! 
After overcoming a typical bout of menu paralysis, I settled upon the "South Indian Non-Veg Meal" (under "Amma's House Specials" available everyday before 3pm) which, if you haven't already guessed, suffers perhaps the most disastrous case of Unfortunate Name Syndrome - because it tasted a million times better than it sounded! 
I am admittedly woefully illiterate in the nuances of South Indian cuisine, so I cannot tell you which of the cute little dishes was the rasam, sambar, mor-kuzhambu, kootu, poriyal, appalam, podi, chapathi...however I think I identified the pickle, ghee, rice, variety rice, non-veg appetizer, main non-veg curry, and dessert!! The lamb curry (not sure if this rotates, it appeared to be chef's choice) and the chicken appetizer were both phenomenal. 
I was also very self conscious of my clumsy spoon usage - I believe the professionals use their hands to artistically create a balanced conglomeration of the side dishes in the center banana leaf canvas, much like an edible impressionist painting Barnes himself would have collected.
Amma's has some expected inconsistencies and kinks inherent to being a brand new eatery (table next to me requested spiciness 6/10 but took one bite and appeared to have singed their taste buds...when they requested a new dish, the staff politely fulfilled their request!) but the staff is clearly passionate about what they are bringing to the table and are striving to impress us! 
I was impressed, and will be returning to try the rest of the menu.Finally there is a decent south Indian place in center city. The variety of food offered is good and the quality of food is good too. Hope they keep it up!Philly center city was totally missing on the taste of South Indian food until this little restaurant opened up recently! Delicious food, tastes very authentic!
Three of us went on a Friday night and the place was packed. One of my friends had made a reservation, but they couldn't find her name, so they said to wait for five minutes. There were around ten people in the line ahead of us, so we were surprised how we can be seated in just five minutes. We waited, and it actually took 40 minutes to get us seated and 20 more minutes to get our food. Finally, the food arrived!! Our waitress was nice and checked on us a few times to make sure if everything is ok.
We ordered a kottu paratha, onion rava masala dosa, malabar paratha with kurma, and a aloo bonda for the table. Kottu paratha, dosa, and malabar paratha were very yummy and super flavorful. I was not a big fan of aloo bonda, it was a little dry.
Will definitely visit here again to try more items on the menu! The only thing the management is to figure out is the reservations and people waiting in line part. Add people to the waitlist and then give a realistic estimation of waiting time. If you visit on a weekday, you are probably going to be fine, but looks like there is always a long line on weekends.Their parottas are the best! Didn't expect good authentic South Indian food in the heart of Philly. Surprised and happy !