Just getting though at this overrated restaurant that's horrible service by the sever Cindy! We had the seafood platter that's 24.00 and it's so bland with no sauces served with it. We had some of the smallest oysters on the half shell that I've ever seen. We have asked for another drink twice. We waited on the check for awhile and now waiting with our credit card on the table while I write this review. We drove from Lancaster and we live in Texas and will never be tempted to ever eat here again. So Cindy if you don't know why I didn't leave a tip, you need to learn how to wait on your tables and that's your tip.Although the Mediterranean salad was good, it wasn't worth over $18. Advertised as a seafood (shrimp and crab) salad, I thought I was paying for more than 3 small pieces.I must say being from out of town I expected more! I had read the reviews, and it seemed like a great place to eat. Unfortunately it was quite the opposite! The food was mediocre, and that would have been fine except the service from Cindy was horrible! Every time I needed another drink I had to wait, to try to catch her attention for five minutes or more! At one point I even had to flag another waiter to get my drink! The place is extremely small, and waiting on no more tables than what she had should have been a breeze! She's not a personable waitress either. I tip well, but unfortunately Cindy must have thought my tip wouldn't be worth her trouble, so I made it match her service!!The phrase "looks can be deceiving" have never been truer for this place. I have to admit, looking at it from the outside I was VERY skeptical about buying my seafood from them.
My first and initial response was that they were expensive. I guess compared to a normal grocery store they were. I went ahead and got some shrimp, sea scallops and squid anyway and I have to say, it was probably the freshest seafood I had ever bought at a store. This is now on my go to store for all my seafood. 
Bottom line; Costs a little more than the grocery store, but the quality is FAR worth it! Do NOT go to the store one block over.I love this place! If you can handle the smell of eating at an actual fish market, you'll love the food!! I always get the clams in garlic (which are incredibly fresh and delicious-- loaded with garlic). I love the crab legs in the works-- the perfect mixture of spice and garlic. Also... the garlic bread is to die for!!
I honestly can't review the other goods!! I always get the same things because they are soooooo good! Never had a bad meal here!!  I can't wait to be back in Philly to eat here!!This review is for the restaurant portion of Anastasi.
I've driven by this place dozens of times but was always immediately turned off by the overabundant fishy smell from the market.  However, a friend told me that this is the best place to buy seafood because it's fresh and reasonably priced, so I decided to go in and check it out for dinner.
Once you walk into the small restaurant, the fishy smell disappears, so that's a definite plus.  There aren't many tables here, so if you're going on a weekend I would definitely recommend calling ahead to see if they take reservations (I'm honestly not sure if they do or not).  They also have outdoor seating.
FYI:  Happy Hour Monday through Friday from 3pm to 6pm with drink specials and buck-a-shuck for clams and oysters.   
We sat down immediately and the waitress was right over to get drink orders and give us the specials.  Based on some Yelp reviews I read earlier in the day, I already knew that the bacon and crab mac & cheese was a definite appetizer.  I also wanted to check out the oysters, so we got some of those, too.  Mac & cheese was amazing!!! Just the right amount of bacon and cheese with a heaping pile of crab meat on top.  Let me tell you, I will definitely be back sooner rather than later to experience that again (though I'm pretty bummed about the lack of sriracha here).   The oysters were also delicious and tasted EXTREMELY fresh!  I was more than impressed and we didn't even get to our entrees yet. 
For the entrees, my friend ordered the broiled trio (flounder with crab meat, shrimp and scallops) while I ordered the scallop and shrimp marsala.  Both were amazing!  We licked our plates clean!
Bottom line - this place is awesome!  Definitely check it out!  I know I'll be back!Best seafood in  Philadelphia. This place is so unique...a seafood market and restaurant combined with the most amazing waitstaff you'll ever find in Philly. Try the seafood bruschetta if they have it on special...it's divine. The Parmesan crusted halibut is also amazing. I haven't tried any of their fried platters yet but plan on it. Also this is a great place to go for lobster mmmm.Came here last week after a big oyster craving hit me. We biked down here as fast as possible to make it before the buck a shuck  happy hour ended at 6. These oysters were beautiful and so fresh.
My only complaint: the oysters were gritty. :( I soo wish this didn't happen because I wanted my oyster indulgence to be just perfect. I can look past it, but it left a bad taste in my mouth (and some sand).This the best place, great people,  good service,  the best dinners N luclnh n fresh fish products. here, Trybthe mussels In white wine so so good.dunk your fresh hot brebread in the sauce.  Cannoli  heavp en,  I love the owner, she a beautiful person. I do all my seafood here. And take outI had 3 bluecrabs only for 15 dollars which was a pretty good deal compared to other restaurants. Also, the shrimp and crab chowder is super delicious! Can't wait to come back and try other food!This is a interesting place. It is also a seafood market store but with dining. It is somewhat casual and fine dining but located in the "ghetto". It is part of the Italian market street or district. We sat outside at night with a perfect breeze. Our appetizer were mussels cooked in a red wine sauce. We then had a whole lobster and snow crab legs so I couldn't give you a review on the entree's. The lobster was fantastic and snow crab was okay but the "works" sauce made up for it. By date also had a cocktail but for $10 it could use more alcohol in it. 
I could understand some of the lower ratings and see how it could happen. We had a good night with what we ordered.Great seafood in a funky setting that reflects the urban charms of the Italian Market. we'll be back againThis place has become my favorite place for seafood. The exterior and the interior are not fancy but the seafood is so fresh. I ordered the lobster twice and the Chilean sea bass, which did not disappoint. The prices are very reasonable as well. Just don't come with a large party as there is limited seating inside and it is a small place.
This restaurant also has a seafood market which has deals and variety.  I only rated it four stars because of the limited seating and because it's a small place.AMAZING. 
Great, fresh food, better service. Things cost what they should.
Could not be happier with my experience here. 
Crab mac and cheese may be the best thing I've ever eaten. No joke. 
GO HERE NOW.Great service and food.....had raw oysters and sautéed soft shells - both were great.This was an experience where everything was right. I didn't leave work until 8:15 so I called to ensure that they would still be serving when we arrived 10 minutes later. Having gone to restaurants that close their kitchens 1/2 hour early(in Manayunk) this was a concern. Upon arrival we were greeted very pleasantly by Ryan with no hint of our somewhat late arrival. We had excellent calamari, lightly battered very delicate and crisp with an wonderful chunky roma tomato dipping sauce. Upon his recommendation I ordered a chilean sea bass which was really excellent and very flavorful. My husband ordered the broiled seafood platter which  made him very happy. Even near to closing time the chef was en point.  I also had a very perfect martini. About midway through our meal Ryan locked the front doors but made a point of coming over to our table to reassure us to take our time eating, and not to rush. This was said sincerely, it was not a ruse to hurry us. I am in the service industry as well, and for me a new bar was set. This level of customer service combined with great reasonably priced food is rare. I was always a fan of this restaurant but I will now come more often and recommend it to all of my clients as well.Very nice oysters were excellent, mussels were large and clean, wife had the broiled seafood platter which she loved. Bullit old fashioned was very good.  We will be back!My boyfriend and I went to Anastasi for dinner last night. We first started our evening with the Blue Crab Mac. It was delicious! I ordered 2 broiled jumbo lump crab cakes and my boyfriend had the mussels in red sauce. For dessert we had some kind of chocolate mousse cake. The ENTIRE meal from start to finish was phenomenal. The staff was super nice and helpful. We will definitely go back.Loved the place! Super friendly and great service. Been there for lunch two days ago. My boyfriend had the pescatore pasta, was delicious. The pasta was cooked properly (I like the pasta a bit more al dente but he loved it) and the white wine sauce was light and tasty. I had the whole red snapper, grilled. AMAZING! Tasty, cooked on point. Considering the quality of the food and the portion size the price was totally acceptableI love everything about this seafood spot. They have affordable live seafood from halibut to crabs and lobster. Not only do they cater to your needs, the happy hour specials are to die for. You can get  oysters and clams for $1 each. Order off the menu and get your seafood with the works sauce. Great service and Paula is an awesome bartender, checking on you constantly. Recommend for huge seafood lovers.Don't come here expecting super fancy, but come here wanting really good food and personable staff especially the owner's mom. They were almost completely full when we arrived very hungry for seafood. They got us the last table. It's a small seating area inside and a few outside tables with a fish market on one side. The whole establishment is family ran. I ordered the oysters Rockefeller with crab and cheese on top and they were divine! My two daughters ordered crab legs. They were cooked perfectly. And my husband ordered bacon wrapped scallops. His meal was delicious as well. We ordered a pitcher of sangria. Wasn't the best I've had, but wasn't terrible either. I would recommend this restaurant for yummy seafood at a good price.The search for lobster led us to Anastasi as the pics of whole lobster with the crab cake were very, very appealing. It was our first visit and we were very, very satisfied. The service was prompt, nice and very helpful. The lobster with crab cake was awesome. I rated this visit 5 stars. We were very happy!
The food was delicious! It was a nice day so we sat outside. Being familiar with Italian Market, you have to expect all the hustle and bustle of the weekend crowds and traffic. If you are visiting on the weekend, it is a lot harder to find parking. I have never sat inside, but there is a bar and the market inside. It isn't a fancy looking place.
Second visit, the wait for service was a little long at happy hour. Ordered the crab cake sliders ($4 each) and some cocktails. The Limoncello martini is very, very lemony. The mac and cheese was also very good. You get oyster crackers with horseradish and warm bread with butter until your order arrives. This visit was good, 3.5 stars. 
Anastasi still holds my vote for best seafood until I find another seafood restaurant that beats it.Service was attentive, fast, and extremely friendly. I don't remember the young lady's name but she was awesome and checked in with us everytime she passed us to attend to other customers. The older woman who checked us out was just as sweet. The oysters & clams on the halfshell were fresh and the sangria here is delicious! Clean, nice outdoor seating, and can't wait to be back!I came in for Happy Hour, here's what happen, they switch the bartender I had last time to another day I was a bit disappointed but moving on we got drinks, oysters (4stars) better than the last time size where more consistent and great HH deal. Then I order the crab cake sliders (which I have raved and recommended to friends) I was shock to see the crab cakes came on the most unappetizing buns (should have taken a pic) I have ever seen. But the couple next to me received theirs on perfect looking buns! What??!!! They had the audacity to served that to their customer, I had this several times before and it was served on a nice toasted bun! What happened?!! So I left the buns and told the bartender they were not edible, she was confused, really??!!! went and told the owner they acted like nothing happened and were confused why I was not happy with the buns??? Really??? Wow!!! Then I order scallops with fries, the bartender put in a different order of scallops which ended up being twice the price?!! It was good, but I felt ripped off, she apologized and admit that it was her mistake, but did not try to give us anything for it, she also mention it to the owner once again she couldn't care less. Big mistake on their part!!! It ashamed because we spend a good amount of money at this restaurant, and after the experience we had recently I'm sad to say that I won't be rushing back anytime soon especially on Thursday!!!Great fresh fish market. Friendly service, great selection, excellent quality and always fresh. 
I have not tried the restaurant.Anastasi Seafood is a South Philly icon. Be ready to  be charmed by a gracious welcome from Mrs. Anastasi, after parking easily in their lot. Yes, parking. Whether you are taking out fresh seafood, dining in, or sipping cocktails at the intimate bar, Frank Sinatra crooning , this is one of my favorite places.
The crab cakes are to die for, seafood chowder a must .The first time ,I ordered two whole steamed lobsters , seafood chowder and their pasta special for takeout. It was cracked , packed, fresh and succulent. 
The second time , we dined in.  Owner, Sal Anastasi, and our server Linda ,could not have been more accommodating.  We had lobster again, chowder , crab cakes and finished with canoli 's , that can only be found at Anastasi Seafood. 
This family owned , nostalgic fish market ,in the heart of South Philly, can not get any fresher,  or be more reasonably priced ! From the service to the food ,they earned my five stars. They now offer a delivery service , but going there is part of the Anastasi experience. Intimate, warm, cozy and great for any occasion . I can't wait to go there again !Went to buy some fresh whole fish and calamari on a Sunday a couple weeks back.  Was looking at the fish, which, as a whole, clearly weren't that fresh, but found a couple that were acceptable.  Lady washing the front door asks if I need help.  I said yes, and she comes around to the back of the counter, and with the same filthy gloves she is using to wash the door, picks up and bags the fish I selected.  Ok.  Gross.  I should have left then.  Again, same deal with the filthy gloves and calamari, and then she disappears.  She comes back and starts loading up the bag again with more calamari (I had asked for 2 pounds, I stopped her at 3 1/2), still with the filthy gloves on, and gives me attitude about how much I ordered.  I left without the fish, with her mouthing off behind me.  Fresh seafood?  Nope.  Safe food serving practices?  Nope.  Friendly, attentive staff?  Nope.  Overpriced old fish.  Yup.  Reason to come here?  Nope.What an epic disappointment this place has become. We went this evening to give them one more try as our last three visits have not been great. For example our waitress actually left to go get herself a slurpee while we were still waiting for our drinks and to place our food order. Tonight was no different. I know there has been a change in staff, which happens at many places. The new staff is inattentive at best.  (I'm being generous here.) Once we got home and reviewed our receipt, we also found we were overcharged. We live only a few blocks away and frequented the place pretty regularly to dine in and purchase seafood to cook at home. Never again. Sad to see it get this bad, but truly NEVER AGAIN.I moved out of the area more than 2 years ago - but recently stopped by again for their happy hour, "I was in the area", is that a good enough excuse...? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ but they were still as great as ever. My sister and I jumped right into three dozen cherrystone clams on the half shell. YUM YUM YUM. Beers on draught at decent prices, and apparently there's parking around the back. I looked for a dish I had before of mussels over a bed of linguine over a spicy sauce but didn't see it. It was a great visit and glad to see Anastasi hasn't let their quality slipped. Will definitely stop by whenever I'm back in the area.Awesome experience. Thank you for helping me with my first crab boil for Father's day! Bushel and a half of # 1's were kicking and screaming to the very last crab made it into the boil @ 10pm. Next time I'll grab seasonings the store offers! I WILL BE A REPEAT CUSTOMER!Most amazing and fresh seafood I have ever had. Juiciest soft shell crab and excellent oysters. First time trying a grilled romain salad- so good.I love this place!  Since moving into the neighborhood I've been buying fish here and never a bad experience.  Call in your order and they will have it ready for when you arrive.  They'll even clean the shrimp as to save you time before that big party!  Awesome!Though I use Yelp a lot, I have never wrote a review myself, but I was so impressed, I felt obligated to write this. My girlfriend and I went out for dinner to Anastasi (still not sure exactly how to pronounce it lol) before seeing a show at the TLA.  We both have years of experience working in fine dining restaurants. Every part of our dining experience was enjoyable. What looked like a normal fish market from the outside transforms into a white-linen restaurant with great ambiance, including a digital fireplace. The hostess was friendly and helpful. Our server, I think his name was Steve, was helpful and attentive the whole meal. My girlfriend said the guacamole with crabmeat was the best appitizer she has perhaps ever had. Our cocktails were refreshing and delicious. Our entrees (branzino and stuffed salmon) were amazing, and filling. We finished off the meal with some espresso and smiles on our faces. A woman, who I believe to be the owner, stopped by the table to check on us and crack some jokes. We will most certainly be back soon!Amazingly fresh seafood with a large variety. To chose from. They have raw filets and shellfish along with breaded items to be baked or fried. You can have meals prepared there as well. I have had the crab cake sandwich and it was delicious. Staff is knowledgeable about their product and different methods of preparation. Great establishment in the Italian market.They have liquor! Drink and food specials for Happy Hour. You can sit, take out, or buy stuff to cook at home. What more can you ask for? Everything I've eaten here has always been good. I especially love the soups.We ate here so hubby could have oysters. It is  a seafood market by day , restaurant by night. Such fresh seafood. We enjoyed the mussels, oysters c, soup , special shrimp and crab  bruschetta and cheese ravioli and crab. All were outstanding. Drinks were also superb.  Great attentive service. We will definitely come again.It doesn't need to be fine dining to rock. This place rocks. We get takeout here at least once a week. It's inexpensive and tasty. The people there are super nice too. What more can you ask for? 
Oh, you want to dine in? They can do that too!
Awesome fish market too..Soft Shell Crabs were some of the best I've had. Perfectly deep fried with only a minimum of coating. Crisp & succulent with a Lemon butter caper sauce! Live in the neighborhood, and never knew there was a restaurant hidden in the seafood shop!  
I'll be back.Okay so here we go. We went here for a drink to kill time until we went to the movies. My girlfreind shops here for seafood alot and also her mother did too. Well it all started when we walked into the place to wait to be seated or greeted. Hmmmm about 3 to 5 mins had passed and we are still waiting. The staff had been gathered at the hostess station during this time. Then they all just walked away with out even asking if we would like service. Okay am from Philly and there has always been issues with people of color in South Philly getting service. So needless to say we are people of color. And will never set foot nor buy anything from this place. I would have been a bit more pleasant if it had not been for the fact that a staff member came back to the station and then just walk by. You will not have to worryabout this couple ever coming back to your place.Ive been two this place twice now and each time I go it gets better and better. Everything on there menu is really good. The price is alittle high but its worth it.  I love seafood and this place does it right.  The people their are always nice and accommodating, I have no problem giving them my money for a good meal.  MUST try it out once if you love seafood.We went to Anastasi's after learning that it is run by the same family as Pescastore, one of our favorite restaurants in Bala Cynwyd. It is certainly a hidden treasure within the wonderful Italian markets. This is a no frills, just great food, sort of place. You can sit either outside or surrounded by the fish counters and a bar, and are served only the best quality fish. My favorite dish was by far the grilled oysters, which were so tasty and unlike anything I've ever had! Despite all of the good, I was still disappointed by the prices, which were quite extravagant for a place to grab a bite within a fish market. In fact, the prices were comparable to Pescatore. Nevertheless, if you're looking for some incredibly good food and are in the area, I say to give it a shot. Just know that you'll be getting top-notch restaurant quality food for restaurant prices in a very casual atmosphere.I came here during happy hour. 
I ordered a few sets of the clams and oysters which were all excellent. The sauce they bring with it was tasty. The crab cake sliders were good too.The beer tasted warm and not the proper temp. 
I sat for close to a half hour waiting for the other sets of sliders, which never arrived, so I went inside and closed out and left.
The warm beer aside, If I did not have to wait for so long for the sliders that never arrived this place would be 5 stars.i haven't eaten at the restaurant, but the seafood market is reasonably priced and the crab legs we got there were fresh and tasty.  unfortunately the italian market is no longer the place to find quality all around, but this place is a good one...stop by!Had the amazing jumbo crab cake with delicious seasoned fries. 
yelp.com happened to be there filming and they shot us slurping delicious raw oysters. Oh lord...
Limited seating, so don't come with more than 4-5 people.I never leave yelp reviews, but the scallop and shrimp creamy marsala was one of the best dishes I've ever eaten. You won't regret eating here.I have shopped here a few times for the non-vegetarian at my house and have been pleased with the selection and service. Everything tastes fresh (or so I am told) and the prices are right. The counter folks are helpful with answering my probably unusual questions which I appreciate.Excellent food, friendly waitstaff, great prices, an absolute must go while in Philly. Nothing fancy but i'll take substance over decoration any time.Resturant/Bar/FishMarket. Offers both inside and outside seating, which is nice, not much of a view but if you like to people watch you'll like it here, located on a busy block  but far enough away from the street.  I definitely recommend you bring someone else so you can share a lot of the food because the menu offers a lot of different choices and you will want to try more than one thing.
I really enjoy outside seating this time of year, accompanied by Oysters (they only offer one kind, Blue Points). The oysters were very good fresh and salty, which I paired with a Bloody Mary later we shared an Octopus Salad, cooked perfectly. I also recommend the Lobster over Linguine. My girlfriend had the Broiled Seafood Combination, both were great portions  and cooked well. 
*My favorite was the Muscles in White Wine Sauce!Interesting place for lunch... After about 10 minutes, you don't even realize the fishy smell of the market on the other side of the glassed in restaurant. The service is amazing and quick. I was disappointed that my crab cake sandwich did not come with fries, but I stole some from my partner's plate - I love old bay fries! He had the soft shell crab sandwich and said it was the best soft shell crab he ever had! It was a good place to eat, but it was a bit uncomfortable with the orange roughy, red snapper, and haddock starring at me from their ice packed display counters... Note to self - sit with your back to the fish, that way no guilty conscious!I love that this place is a couple blocks from my house. They have a wide variety of amazingly fresh fish and shellfish and at super reasonable prices. I've had dinner/happy hour a few times and the food and service is great! (Can't beat the buck a shuck deal at happy hour!) One time, they were super sweet and offered a treat to my dog as we were just waiting at the corner to cross Washington Ave. Great people and awesome seafood, definitely check  them out!Been here twice in the past month and it's one of the best seafood places you can find in Philly. The venue looks like nothing special, but the food, service and price are all awesome. You can get a whole fish served or they will filet it in the back. Pasta, fried platters and all appetizers we've had are great. I've had both the red snapper and bronzino and are some of the best dishes I've ever had at half the price of some other restaurants. Finally, the family that runs the place, makes sure to make it a great meal when you dine with them.We came here on a Friday night.  If you want to go, I highly suggest you make a reservation.  We waited approximately 45 minutes for a table.  However, if the weather is warm they do outside seating so there is more space.  Even though the wait was 45 minutes, the time went by incredibly fast as the other customers (many of whom are regulars from the neighborhood) are very friendly and good conversation flows as easily as the drinks and food. Once we were seated the tables are so close it is almost family style. You will have many good conversations and make friends with the people at the other tables. Now, for the best part.  The food is AMAZING. We started with the oysters (which come with homemade oyster crackers and horseradish), shrimp and blue crab chowder, crabcakes and salad.  The boys really enjoyed the oysters. They were fresh and very large. The shrimp and crab chowder is the stuff that dreams are made of.  Just creamy enough with large chunks of shrimp, crab and potato. Very well seasoned.  Not too heavy.  The crabcakes contain no filler.  It is all luscious, yummy crab meat with just the right amount of seasoning.  
The main course:
Snow crab leg clusters (steamed)
Salmon stuffed with crabmeat
Lobster pasta
Fried mini combo (Shrimp, scallops and crabcake)
We were all sharing food so everyone got try try a little bit of everything. The lobster pasta was a daily special so not sure if they have it everyday.  If you go and it is on the specials, do yourself a favor and have it.  It comes in a blush sauce and it is absolutely a party with your taste buds. Salmon stuffed with crabmeat was perfectly cooked and seasoned.   Snow crab was not only good at the restaurant, it was good later back at the hotel.  
Amazing family environment combined with amazing, mouthwatering food made this a memorable dinner.  
Also, our co-workers took half a dozen cannolis to go.  The cannolis did not get eaten until the next morning and were still phenomenal.  
Definitely make the stop here if you are in the area.  It is worth the trip.Anastasi was the first place I checked out in the Italian Market when I moved to Philly. About a year ago, I was walking down Washington and felt a magnetic pull to their little patio seating area and promise of fresh seafood (and Happy Hour drink specials). 
I remember the server laughing at me because I ordered a cup of clam chowder and one single oyster (I was on a budget). All of those things helped make for a wonderful, unexpected afternoon, as small in portion as they were. The oyster was fresh and the clam chowder had a wonderful consistency. If anyone is looking for a decent cow-dah experience, this is a pretty solid bet.
Even though I had a great meal there a year ago, I hadn't been back to Anastasi's until my boyfriend wanted to head over there for lunch yesterday afternoon. My oh my, THAT WAS GOOD. We started with 6 blue point oysters, which were a fresh as ever (and dare I say, larger than some other blue points I've encountered recently?). We each ordered sandwiches, his a shrimp po' boy, and mine, a lobster roll. 
With a trip up to Boston this past spring, I feel like I can speak about some lobster rolls, and my personal belief is that they can be done and number of ways and still be good. I don't become upset if it's hot, cold, dressed with butter, mayo, etc.: lobster is delicious, so, surprise me! And that Anastasi's did! For $12, and what has to be the most affordable lobster roll in the city, Anastasi's did it up right with a very fresh and crusty bread roll, nice choices of lobster meat, and tarter sauce. The tarter sauce was a first for me with a lobster roll, but it worked well with all the mentioned components in place, and was yummy in a homemade kind of a way all on it's own. As far as size is concerned, it wasn't a $25 submarine-sized roll from up north, but it was perfect for lunch!
Boyfriend loved his po'boy: we didn't speak much while these sandwiches were in front of us. We also ordered broccoli rabe and marinated peppers, which went wonderfully with out sandwiches. The service was attentive.
This is a wonderful place for lunch.  I'm fairly certain that we'll be back soon!Great Italian market institution that's been around for 80 years. Fresh, fat mussels. Sweet, rich seafood Marsala pasta is the best I've had. Tiramisu was light, fluffy, and cool on a summer night. Great happy hour specials. Dungeness crab in white wine garlic was slightly saltier than necessary, and the wait can be long on weekend evenings, even with a reservation. (I was seated at 8:45 for an 8:15 booking.) Definitely worth the wait, though! And you can pick up some fresh seafood to cook after dinner!  (The porgies are delicious and underrated).Oysters and clams are to die for. 
The oysters as well as the clams are large and fresh. I had the seafood chowder and raw shellfish. My bf had the king crab. Everything was very appetizing . Mrs. Anastasi came over to ask how our dinner was and to speak to us which I appreciated very much. The area is a bit intimate but that's okay as long as the food is goodSad to have to write this about Anastasi Seafood, a venerable institution that I've patronized for years but no more. I used to regularly get takeout from this establishment for the family, usually the same things, fried scallops, shrimp, and flounder filet. A while back they started salting and outting large amounts of black pepper on the fried flounder filets which I did not like, as it "drowned out" the delicious, subtle flavor of the fish. I complained about it and asked that it not be put on my fish. The last four times they put it on three times. When I called to complain (not to take it back but just to again register my displeasure, I was told I could go somewhere else and they didn't care about my opinion. They don't, maybe you do. But if you're going to add something after everything is done that the customer does not want, don't make your attitude the cherry on top of the fish.The mussels in the white wine and garlic sauce were of the white variety and were the most tender and flavorful I have ever ate. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys musselsBest place for seafood anywhere!  I would drive up from DC for dinner again just to hang out at Anastasi!  The seafood doesn't get any fresher, and best place to get crabs...Maryland who??  Lobster bisque should not be missed! Owner is the nicest lady you will ever meet.  Just a great place.the blue crab dishes are great.. whatever sauces they add to them should come in a bottle for selling.  outdoor seating was cool and shaded minus the peole so close walking by on the streetMy favorite seafood place in Philadelphia. Sad I don't get there nearly enough. Make sure to check for specials as they are amazing and grab a canoli to go.We ate here earlier today. Our server was nice but did not go out of her way. I don't know her name because she never introduced herself. I did like the atmosphere of the 9th st Italian market. We sat outside.
Ok, now on to the food. There was nothing I hated but there also wasn't anything that I particularly enjoyed. We ordered raw oysters and clams. I thought the clams were good but I thought the oysters were just ok (a little large and bland for my taste). I also wish they would offer red vinegar and couple other compliments with their raw items. My daughter ordered the shrimp and crab chowder. We all tried it and we all thought it could use some seasoning. The last item we ordered was the crab Mac-n-cheese. Again I thought it was bland and could have used more crab meat. My daughter didn't even ask for seconds and she loves Mac-n-cheese. She didn't even want to take any home. My daughter is young but has a refined palate (I think she gets it from her father lol).  Nothing to write home about and probably will not visit again.The crab and shrimp chowder is one of the best soups I've ever had. For $10 dollars it could be the best value for a meal I've ever had. I'll be eating this often.Called early in the morning for them to reserve a half bushel of crabs...showed up at the quoted time and they had plenty of nice sized crabs waiting for me! I also picked up some shrimp and Crawfish for a seafood boil I was having and everything was fresh. Great seafood and great customer serviceFun place, off the beaten path, not touristy. Wear or bring a jacket. It's a fish market and it's cold inside. 
Made a reservation 'cause reviews say it's always so busy but we were lucky. Not too busy. Table available really right away.  
Octopus was very good.  But it's mostly salad. 
Scallops over spinach with brown butter were HEAVENLY. 
House wine is fine. 
Cute, unpretentious place.First time eating at Anastasia's.  Will not be my last.  Excellent mussels in red sauce.  Mussels were ginormous; red sauce to die for.  Followed by Grilled calamari atop well-dressed salad.  My dining companion had tuna tartare special and Parmesan-crusted halibut.  A wonderful dinner in a cool Italian market restaurant.   Atmosphere + great food!  Could not ask for more.Only recently since my love affair with small markets began, have I even began to think about coming here.
It's not exactly on a posh street and the dingy-ness of it is a little off-putting, but we wandered in here anyway after a day of visiting butchers and buying different things.  Not a whole lot of seafood places in the area.. at least, the ones I saw had their goods outdoors and that's even more off-putting.  The mussels looked dead in everywhere else we went to.
Anyway, we came in here and picked up 3 lbs of P.E.I mussels.. the nice man sorted each one individually and threw away the ones that were obviously dead.  That's about 110 mussels, give or take, for roughly $7.   After we prepared them we found only 2 to have been dead and uneatable... awesome!!This review is for one drink only. Will update when I get food.
Came here last night to check out the menu and grab a drink before heading home. I live relatively close by and have passed it a few times, but never really went in. Now that summer is here (although I can eat seafood any time of year), I'll definitely be coming for dinner. I was trying to find their regular and happy hour menus online, but they didn't seem updated, so I took and posted a picture as of Summer 2017. 
Overall, the aperol spritz I got was very good. I ensured it was made with sparkling wine as well, because I know some places only use aperol and club soda, but was happy they use sparkling wine as well. My server, her name was Carol I believe, was very polite and understanding that I simply wanted a drink but didn't want to sit at the bar, but outside to get some fresh air and people watch. Some places get annoyed with that, but they didn't seem terribly busy. 
The prices seem reasonable and the happy hour specials, including buck shucks and crab cake sliders, will ensure my return. The dining area is a bit small, but there is outdoor seating. They have a fantastic beer selection and even sell wines by the bottles at very reasonable prices. Good to know if I'm ever stuck.
As far as the market goes, I had a chance to take a peek at the fish and they seemed fresh and delicious. I don't know much about fish pricing, so I can't speak to that, but the crabs (already cooked and seasoned with old bay) seemed a bit pricey for my liking. I'm a fan of buying live crabs and cooking them at home to save only money. The crabs they had (there were 2 options) were $2.50 and $3.00 each depending on the size and the soft shells were $6 each. I'll stick with cooking my own. 
Anyways, I'll definitely be back to try some food and keep you posed!Dining in- personally, I think it's overpriced and theres no need to pay that much for that food... the place itself is kind of mediocre and its not fancy at all so I dont understand why they are so expensive.
Fish market itself is pretty damn good. The guys behind the counter know their stuff... If i ever have a question about what kind of fish i need for a recipe they always have recommendations. its always fresh and reasonably priced. the fried food is good too, they can either deep fry it for you OR (amazing) you can take it home and prepare it yourself.
overall this place is pretty good if u want to make your own meal at home.I usually hate raviolis but their crab raviolis were to die for! 
Not much else to say this time around since I ordered out. Maybe ummmm.... nice containers, nice employees, decently priced?Stopped here on the way back from Ocean City, just a short detour from the Walt Whitman Bridge in the Italian Market area. Had a quick but fantastic lunch of soft shell crabs and fish and chips. The fresh seafood selection was better than anything in Ocean City with great prices. Live crabs, striped bass, red snapper, rainbow trout, sold whole or filleted.Well Anastasi's, you've lost us for good. Had reservations on Friday for 7:15, arrived at that time and was told it would be a few minutes. Once we were seated, we got the waitress who I was hoping we wouldn't get... according to the receipt her name is Cindy. Don't know for sure because she never introduced herself. We've been coming here for years, and all the wait staff has been so welcoming and attentive, except her. She seems to have an attitude, but I realized it's not with everyone. Saw her at other tables being polite, talking about specials, etc... Once she took our orders, and gave us our food, she didn't bother to ask how things were, which I saw her doing at other tables.
As for the food, the combo dinner, which used to be good was lukewarm, overcooked, and unseasoned. The seafood chowder was like milk. She bought us cold bread, an ice cold bottle of hot sauce with no lable, and gave other tables Tabasco.
I don't know what to think about this, and the only thing that comes to mind, I shudder to think....This is hands down my favorite place to eat in the entire city of Philadelphia.
A fantastic mix of Italian and seafood. Unreal blush sauce. The seafood is the most fresh seafood you could ever ask for. 
The servers are great. 
But most importantly, the owner is one of the nicest ladies to grace the earth. She is so sweet and accommodating. Stops by and does the professional table service to make sure you feel just at home.
Right in the center of the Italian market. Indoor and outdoor seating! A MUST!This place is a rare gem!!!!!! Quaint, charming and the food of course is beyond phenomenal!! The owner is super sweet as is the staff!! My new favorite seafood restaurantWhenever I'm in the mood for a great seafood meal, Anastasi is always my first choice. I love the mom and pop feel and the outside seating. I have yet to order anything from the fish market, but I plan to soon. 
We usually always get an order of oysters, which never disappoint. For my entree I've gotten the broiled seafood platter, which was okay or the mediterranean seafood salad which I think could come with a more generous helping of crab meat and shrimp or could be a bit better with an addition of some broiled scallops. 
The waitresses lack a little personality, but the owner is always so friendly and warm. I wish it was a BYOB and there wasn't a corking fee because we always bring wine.I heard about Anastasi's from my co-worker. He thought I should try it out. SO me and the family went out on a Friday night for some good ole seafood. I really enjoyed my meal.This place is awesome! I am an avid seafood lover and a foodie who has lived in Philly for over 20 years and I can assure you, this will be the best "play with your food" and "authentic seashore" experience in the heart of Italian Market in Philly. Thank you Anastasi!I love the concept of a nice seafood restaurant inside a fish market.  There are obvious synergies to the combination, and Anastasi leverages them pretty well.  It's a great neighborhood place, though I trekked quite a bit to get here (without regret).
What surprised me was how good the appetizers were.  I went with 2 other people, so we got 3 appetizers to share.  The crab and bacon mac and cheese?  Great.  The fried calamari?  Quite well executed with great ingredients.  The fried smelts?  I hated them, but I don't really like small salty fish to begin with, so take my opinion on those with a grain of salt...which it turns out is a heck of a lot less salt than you get in a fried smelt.  It's possible the fried smelts were excellent and I just don't like them.
Onto the entrees...pretty clearly the whole grilled fish is the specialty, as the mixed seafood entree contained various broiled items which were all just OK (according to anyone who tried any of them).  My whole grilled snapper on the other hand was pretty good.  And the whole grilled branzino was awesome (they were cooked similarly, so I'm guessing the branzino was just a better and/or fresher fish--I usually prefer snapper, but not this time).  The sides of broccoli, carrots, and potatoes were all good too, though I'm guessing I'd be scared if I knew how much butter went in and on those items.
The prices were reasonable, especially considering what you get, as we were way too full for dessert.
One final thing worth noting: they have a small parking lot, which for some people may be a huge bonus.the fish is the freshest you can buy on land.  i have bought red snapper here. i boiled some and broiled them and i was in culinary heaven.  the durados, from the meditteranean were fresh and meaty.  the fish case is fresh.  the fish come scaled and gutted, to reduce the smell.  please cook the fish whole and enjoy the tasty cheek morsels and other bits of the fish.  As a Greek person who loves seafood, I cannot say enough great things about this place.  The diver scallops were so plump and the taste after i fried them was amazing.  a little old bay and terragon and that is it.
cannot speak for dining in, but i enjoy cooking the food myself.
At $6 or $7 a pound for fish, a much better option than a big mac and fries or pizza and cokeNon only was the food delicious but the service was top notch making our overall experience truly enjoyable! It is at times hard to come by establishments that care about your dining experience. At Anastasi Seafood we were treated like family and well taken care of! Will definitely be back when we are back in town! 
Don't hesitate call and make a reservation!Went here for dinner tonight - started with  6 oysters and an order of the white mussels. Both were very good, although a few of the mussels were a little gritty. I ordered the broiled seafood combo for my entree, it was served with mashed sweet potatoes and string beans. The seafood was very fresh, and the mashed sweet potatoes were also very delicious; I would order this entree again on our next visit. We arrived around 7:30, and it was very busy, I think all but one table was occupied and the seating area is a little tight. Our server was nice, and the hostess who seated us also checked in on us multiple times too - she was very nice as well. Reasonable prices, delicious food in a convenient location. Definitely will return again soon.The Hard spiced cider cocktail is great. This is one of the places we always visit when we hit the 9th street markets.   Quite small but comfortable.  Bar, restaurant and fish market all in one.  Food is very good as is the service.  Prices are average and in line with this area of Philly.  Nice selection of draft beers too.  Great specials such as Crab Cake Ruben.  Worth a look.So cute! Decorated for Valentine's Day. Buck a shuck oysters and clams @ happy hour most days - super fresh & good! Love the Crabcakes  and the soups & will return for more. Like that it's not stuffy. Great Saturday or Sunday afternoon stop. Hope they start brunch menu!I got some live crabs today and a few of them were dead, also when i opened them up the inside was black and it smells really badThe raw oysters and clams were lovely. The draft beers good. The martini special (key lime pie) was for a teenage girl on crack. And i was smitten by the woman who was afraid of me for having blue hair. Order the top neck clams.Made a reservation for 5 and we were greeted well upon arrival. I had only bought crabs from the market before, and this was my first dine-in experience. We ordered the crab Mac and cheese and clams casino to start. The Mac and cheese was AWESOME. The clams casino, not so much. Too much casino and not enough clam. Fresh bread and butter was also brought, and served as a perfect segue to our entrees. I ordered the 3 blue crabs prepared Baltimore and "dirty", and it was amazing. For 15 bucks and I don't have to cook or clean up afterward? Sold. Hubby ordered the crab ravioli, and it was enjoyable. Friends ordered the crab cluster, lobster bisque, and lobster roll, and were all satisfied. I also ordered the garlic bread, which was delicious, but I only had a bite because I was so full. I will def be back! Service was friendly and attentive.I loved everything about this restaurant. The wait staff were fantastic. I had the seared scallops with sautéed spinach. The scallops are #2 on my list of best eaten. I tried the house wine and it was good, but it is definitely potent. After a few sips I was feeling it. Good thing I wasn't driving. The people I dined with had oysters, swordfish and crab mac n' cheese. They were impressed. The table was pretty quiet after the food was brought out. Guess our mouths had better things to do.Let's start by saying that this could have been our fault. But, then again, it didn't have to be this way. 
We had reservations for 7pm, but some friends ran late so we called and got there closer to 8. Now, upon looking at this site it says they close at 8pm tonight. We had no idea, and they didn't mention it either. When we arrived there were still a couple of tables both inside and out. We sat outside, and apparently the bartender was waiting on us. 
I could go through all of the details. The bringing wrong drinks, or making us wait 20 minutes to order, or any number of things. I've worked in restaurants, and I can tell you that if a table arrives 10 minutes, or even an hour and 10 minutes before close, they always got rocking fast service. Get 'em in and get 'em out. Let them know the kitchen is closing. 
They even brought tables and chairs in around us after they turned the music up to blasting. But, the real punch line is that while that music was cranked we never were offered our check. We actually had to wait for that too. 
The food was fine - quite good even. But unless you are serving ambrosia on Mount Olympus you can't pull off service that bad and have the food compensate. The food is the only reason it gets a second star.Yummy! This place was perfect. Totally me. Fireplace, seafood, couple old guys in the corner talking about the olden days(with FBombs!) great seafood, staff talking about football, and Frankie singing in the background!  So glad we found a parking spot! Highly recommend!I wanted to take my boyfriend out for a nice seafood dinner for passing the third part of his CPA exam. I made reservations at FISH (never been but reviews seemed promising & they had skate on the menu!). I went to his house and his roommate suggested Anastasi's. I used to live right by Anastasi's but I thought it was just a fish market, not a restaurant. I was going to pass, but then his roommates decided they were going to go to Anastasi's after talking about it. I couldn't be left out, so i said we are coming with! Best decision I ever made. The place was small, and smelled like seafood, and there was outside seating. We sat down and the waitresses were very nice and considerate. They offered 1.5lb Lobster on special for $25 add a crabcake stuffed inside for $30. I couldn't pass that up...we ordered calamari, oysters and garlic bread for apps-ALL EXCELLENT! My lobster wasn't the maine lobster i craved, but it was better than the 5-star restaurant lobster tail i had a week later. And heck, we aren't in maine so i can't have maine lobstah! The waitress also offered us a special deal on the blue crabs, essentially, it was 5 crabs for $20. They ordered 15 crabs. They were amazing. 
 The owner came out later and spoke with us. She was so nice! 
They also have a bar there. I got two mojitos. They were not noticeably strong by taste, but definitely strong by effect! I had two mojito's, ate all that food, and still had a good buzzzzz.
Can't wait to go back! I also want to check out Crafts & Claws, since the chef there is/was also the Anastasi chef!I have been coming here for years and the food has been great! The last time though I was disappointed...the seafood chowder was not good. It was easy too thin and milky. The crab mac and cheese was lukewarm. Have not eaten there in a few months as a result. They have great crabs outside though!The weirdest thing about Anastasi Seafood is its dual identity as a fish market and restaurant.  This tends to take away from the whole fish market aspect (you can be waiting there forever to buy some clams before anybody notices you) and makes the restaurant feel like it's on the boardwalk.  It is on Italian Market, which has some boardwalk-like characteristics so I guess that's fair enough.  The food was good, a little expensive for the lack of ambiance but very tasty and well-prepared.  The fish is always pretty fresh and reasonably priced.  I don't think I would ever go back to the restaurant (maybe for takeout) but I would definitely go there for tilapia or sushi grade tuna.nothing and no one to see here, try take out for the mixed seafood soup in cream of coconut I think, It costs around 27 dollars but is so worth it, get some jasmin rice for it when you get home and it tastes just like the sea, very fresh ingredients simple home cooked feel to it. Not so good nitty gritties but the food is great.I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Born and raised on their seafood.((best in the city)) I go there aleast twice a month.  I am a big "Blue Crab" fan.The staff here is very friendly and family oriented. I believe their prices reasonable to me.I had dinner here last week and let me just say the food was phenomenal. 
This wasn't my first time eating here but, it was the first time I had Chilean sea bass. 
I enjoyed every bit of it. 
Also, if you like clams and oysters, this is the place to go.This is probably my new go-to for seafood.  Service was excellent, prices were reasonable, and the fish tasted very fresh.  I had the scallops, which were cooked perfectly, and my date had the grilled red snapper, which tasted amazing.  Both came with delicious sides that complemented the fish well.  We had some oysters and clams from the raw bar that were also fantastic.  Unfortunately the fried calamari was quite dry, and the tiramisu we had for dessert was pretty flavorless and still very cold from the fridge.  To be fair, I find that good tiramisu is hard to find, but since we were in the Italian market I had high hopes.  At the end of our meal, one of the owners came up to our table to ask how our meal was.  She told us to come back and bring friends, which I found endearing but also a bit pushy.  I will try to come back for their happy hour, which includes buck-a-shuck.Anastasi Seafood is my favorite fish restaurant near the Italian Village in South Philadelphia.  From the second you walk in you know that the fish is fresh becuase it's all right there in front of you.  It smells like a fish market more than a restaurant.
The seating is pretty limited and it has a small bar but the ambiance is just what I like.  No frills just great service and food.  The bread is fantastic and I am sure it comes from one of the local Italian bakers in the area.  I had a nice fresch piece of tuna and my wife had the lobster roll.  Service was fast and good.Anastasi is 5 stars for a few reasons.
There are not that many restaurants in Philadelphia that are geared towards just seafood. I know there are a handful, but there's something about this place that keeps us coming back.
The casual atmosphere is inviting at any time of day, the outside seating in the warmer months is a tremendous bonus, the freshness of the food, the friendliness of the staff and the prices are all what keep us loyal patrons.
We've had everything from oysters, fish specials, crab legs, soup, salads and their cannolis. We do eat there often, but we've also done take out dinner AND purchased their semi-prepared items to take home and cook ourselves.
It's just a gem of a find for so many reasons. They have a great beer list and cocktails which was surprising the first time we went there.
We recently went and sat outside on the warmest Saturday so far this April and had the most enjoyable dinner ever! Calamari, shrimp cocktail, crab legs and cocktails! We've been talking about it for a week now! We're going back tomorrow because we just can't wait.
I love establishments that are family owned and run, where you see the same familiar faces of the servers and they just seem happy to have you back.
I heart Anastasi Seafood.It was good, but didn't blow my mind. 
The crab was great and the Marsala was rich. 
The food was good but the atmosphere was mehhhh. It smells like fish - just be warned! As dumb as that soundsUghhhh. I love this place. LOVE it, usually! I was so disappointed by the crabs tonight, though. I don't know if these crabs (3 for $15) we're ready to come out of the bay, so small and a waste of time and money. 
When I called today to make sure they had crabs this evening the woman told me they would be jumbo crabs. I've eaten crabs a million times in my life and I have never had such small crabs in my life.
On the bright side, the service was awesome and everyone was very attentive. It's only because of the crabs I gave two stars.
I'll still be back. I'll just never order the crabs.I buy all of my seafood here and eat here almost as often.  It's the quintessential Italian Market restaurant, analogous to Villa di Roma but smaller and . . . in a fish market, which I think is just, cool.  Few people realize there's a restaurant here.  The soups are as amazing as the food, if simple.  I highly recommend the soft shell crab platter when available.  My fiancé usually gets the scallops which are great.  
Owner is great.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  And the price is right.A superb selection of fresh, succulent seafood EXPERTLY prepared. Crab shrimp chowder, mussels in red sauce, steamed clams, fresh oysters, blue crabs, couldn't get past the appetizers and starters. Saved barely enough room for the Tiramisu - North End quality.The best seafood spot in all of Philly! And it is so affordable. They have any kind of seafood you could ever think of at the market and the restaurant creates delicious meals using only the freshest seafood. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes! 
The restaurant is so cozy I could sit inside for hours sipping on $5 house wines, snacking on the fried fish and garlic bread. Make sure you say hi to MJ, she's the mom of the owner and so sweet!I've only been here twice, but the food is yummy, delicious, goodness. Glad it's in my hood, so I can make happy hour on my way from work!
I'm still really pissed at myself for not going with my first instinct and stopping in sooner. I completely forgot they also sell fresh fish AND the take out like "your" favorite place to get your seafood fried/grilled to-go. Mine was in Harlem before moving to Philly.
I've really been playing myself by traveling to the end of the damn earth for fresh fish. And, happy hour.
Nap time! Hmph.This place is a rare gem. They have the cutest bar with an amazing selection. The seafood is fresh and tasty. The staff is excellent and so friendly. The owner Janet is extremely welcoming. She will make you feel as if you are a friend coming to eat at her home. Janet and her staff will make sure all your needs are taken care of. I promise you will feel like a VIP. And on a side note the photography is incredible, showing a history of the restaurant and of South Philly. A staple of the city, you have to visit when in Philadelphia. And they have parking!The food was very good, but the service left some to be desired here. I had crab mac and cheese, and it was good, but too much basil in it. I don't believe that basil has much place in this dish. Also, the menu stated there was bacon in it, but there was no bacon in my dish. Despite that, it was still a good dish. My husband had mussels in red sauce, and it also was very good. But he had to ask for bread, which I found to be odd since bread is usually automatically served with mussels in any place I have been. Another person in our party had salmon, and that was very good as well. 
The service was where it went all wrong. My husband and I ordered apps for our entrees, and the server forgot to put our meals in. So the other 4 people in our party were eating away while we sat with no food in front of us. Once we finally got the server's attention, she was apologetic, but I was still unhappy. She offered us free desserts, but I didn't want any dessert. Finally the manager (owner?) came by to talk to our table, and since a member of our party was a regular there, she gave us free drinks. We might stop back although I would make sure we had a different server.Took Uber from Rittenhouse Square ($3)
Ordered the grilled Squid on greens salad and the Pescatore seafood pasta. My girlfriend Margie and I split both dishes. 
The salad was the perfect amount to split and was delicious. 
The Pescatore pasta dish (we requested spicy marinara sauce) was fabulous! 
Highly recommend that dish. 
Loaded with seafood with a generous amount, but not too much pasta. 
We returned a few weeks later craving the seafood pasta dish! This time ordered the crab cakes as a starter (choice of fried or broiled). We ordered broiled. 
Portion looks small (three pieces) but was actually the perfect starter dish amount. So fresh! Dipping sauce was delicious. We also ordered a bottle of red wine ($28)
We prefer the high top, outside dining but you can sit 
inside or outside (high or low top tables)
The area is old school Italian and a bit run down, but hey, that adds to the charm.By far one of the best seafood restaurantsin the city . The food is always fresh , and the service is definitely A1. You come to this place they make you feel like family , definitely recommend you making a trip down to the Italian marketGreat seafood and fantastic service. Visiting from Portland. Paula was so great! We had HH oysters, clams, crab cake sliders, a fantastic seafood bruschetta special, delicious beers, and sangria. Wish I had time to try the rest of the menu.When family was in town visiting us we drove by Anastasia on the way to dinner and were like note that.
We went back the next night and it was totally worth it .
If you like seafood this is the places. From the crab legs to the whole fish to the other items at the table not one person was disappointed with their selection.
The restaurant is small so I would suggest getting reservations on the weekend. We only got s table by the grace of a very kind hostest.The fresh shucked clams and oysters were perfect. At the buck a shuck price very competitive. The fried oysters were disappointing. Obviously frozen and over breaded/ overcooked. Have had better from Hills at home. French fries pretty good. Would do the raw bar again- but not the fried oysters. Live and learn.Should have been better- oysters were bland, fish and chips were generic (a lot of breading), the "lump crab" fries also lacked flavor AND CRAB (seriously there was almost no crab in it), the grouper was ok. Would not go back... Not sure why the ratings are so high for this place- we were mislead! Decent beer selection....Went in for the shrimp and crab chowder off of the recommendation of a friend from work. I was not disappointed and I'm glad I bought the bigger size so I had more to enjoy. I'll definitely be back to try out some of their other items.The second we walked in we were instantly greeted by the sweetest server. We came specifically for happy hour which is $1 oysters/clams, $3 wells/coronas, and $13 buckets. The oysters were way bigger than I would have expected for a dollar. I wasn't sure what I was in the mood for so the waitstaff was incredible helpful and knowledgeable and soon I had picked the grilled octopus salad which was delicious. It was super fresh and delicious. Also there mojitos were awesome. Can't say enough nice things about the service. Super friendly.Located in Little Italy, this seafood gem is not only delicious but the food was heavenly.  We were seeking out pasta but the seafood restaurant caught our eye with the corky outdoor lights (and our ear with the Frank Sinatra music and bohemian music).  There are no booster chairs but our two year but that was fine.  The chefs made the perfect meal to appease our two year old and the Marsala pasta was a hit was hit with my husband (and me).  The prices are reasonable.  The weather was beautiful to take advantage of the outdoor seating.  We felt like locals but at the same time this was our mothers' cooking.  An amazing place!So cute! Makes me think I am @ the shore & freshest seafood! Buck a shuck oysters and clams @ happy hour most days - 3-6p.m.
super fresh & has a bar! Love the Crabcakes  and the soups  - will return for more. Like that it's not stuffy. Great Saturday or Sunday afternoon stop. Hope they start brunch menu!  Maine lobster stuffed with crabmeat was phenomenal!I was asked to pick a restaurant for our monthly lunch by my close friends from the suburbs (10 of us this time) and they said please find a place with easy parking.  I chose Anastasi's Seafood on the recommendation from a dear friend and my son.  I knew they were a South Philly tradition. I had bought fish from the counter but hadn't eaten there.  My friends and I were so impressed with the food and the service. There were ten of us and our amazing waitress was right on the money. She didn't miss a beat. The staff were friendly and took great care of us. The grilled octopus was delicious and my crab cakes were the best!! The oysters were like they just caught them. Everyone had such a great time and told me what a great choice I had made. Oh, and they have a parking lot right next door and the price was just right!! After the meal I checked out the yummy selection of "fresh fish and extras" to take home.  Anastasi's is now on my A-list for casual dress any-time-of-the-day (and in between all our talking, Sinatra's velvet voice was the icing on the cake). BRAVO!!!This place was amazing!  Small little restaurant set up IN a fish market.  So cute!  The grilled octopus salad was delicious, the oysters were huge and great.  The Chilean sea bass was perfectly cooked and came with fresh vegetables and tasty mashed potatoes.  The service was friendly and the atmosphere comfortable and casual.  The food is five star restaurant quality!I only recently added seafood back into my diet, and just in time to find this place. Thank god! Both times I have been here it's been delicious. The chowder is super thick and indulgent, this might be my new favorite version of comfort food. Sitting outside along the patio is nice, despite it being a bit noisy, I appreciate the breeze. The staff is friendly and attentive and provided me with good descriptions/recommendations when I inquired. The prices seem reasonable for such decadent seafood dishes, and the portions are quite hefty. If I'm down that side of town I try to stay hungry enough to eat here!Yelp for the win, AGAIN! I brought a friend here last week for a bday dinner (he requested seafood) & we were both very pleased with the food & service. I had some of the best crab cakes since I've been living in Philly!!! My only complaint is that because this is also a seafood market, the raw fish smell is pretty strong, after you sit there for awhile you don't notice it as much. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food, the crab cake dinner was $16 and it was all crab meat! The fries were good and seasoned well, and we were pleasantly surprised at how yummy the condiments were, I believe all the sauces are house made. I asked for honey mustard and instead I go some sort of lemon flavored mustard that was divine, I think I dipped everything in it. My date had the seafood platter with EVERYTHING, his flounder was HUGE, Neither of us finished our food. I will most definitely be back, next up is the soft shell crab!Great service amazing fresh seafood.  I had the scallops and shrimp marsala and the wife had seafood mini combo. Both were delicious.  The marsala sauce on the seafood was divine! Definitely a must have. The service was great and the staff very accommodating.  Seating is limited but it's a seafood market that also serves food so that should  say it all come expecting super fresh and great service and you wont be disappointedWe bought live blue crabs last weekend, jumbo and large. Both very good size and quality. Price was very reasonable and selection was good. Very pleased.It's been a while but I'm back at my local seafood spot in the Italian market area!!! Good fresh seafood raw or severed cook in the dining area.As long as you can handle the "fishy" smell in the front,  Anastasi is worth a try. You become accustomed to the smell rather quickly, IMO.
Anastasi is a fish market / seafood restaurant / bar located in the heart of the Italian market. It's pretty small with only a few tables, but on this particular Friday night we got in without any problem.
Upon entering, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us quickly. A busboy brought over a bowl of chowder crackers, which made me happy. I hate when restaurants leave the crackers in a bowl on the table. Ugh. I think of all the dirty fingers in there....very unpleasant. 
Their menu is not terribly creative but their fish is very fresh. We shared a caesar salad before our dinner which was a little heavy on the dressing, IMO. Croutons were more chewy than crunchy, but, I tend to like a crunchy crouton. The kalamata olives were a nice touch. 
For dinner, I had the 3 cheese ravioli with blue crab served in a creamy vodka red sauce (gravy). The raviolis were huge and the blue crab meat that topped the entree was quite delicious. My dad settled on the shrimp scampi since they don't offer grilled calamari anymore. It was tasty, but unimpressive. 
Their bar had a nice selection of beer, wine, and cocktails. I really enjoyed the white cranberry cosmo- YUM!!!My boyfriend and I have been here twice in 3 weeks...that's how much we loved it the first time. 
The food is amazing and very reasonably priced. The staff are very attentive and polite. This place doesn't look like something that you would want to do for a nice dinner, but looks are deceiving! Give it a try and be blown away!5 Stars!!! I ordered from Anastasi last night and believe me when I tell you, they absolutely satisfied my seafood craving.
We ordered lobster, shrimp and crab bisque and the broiled seafood platter. Everything was absolutely delicious! I was expecting something else for the broiled seafood but the way they plated that dish was well beyond my expectations. The Works sauce for the lobster was greatly appreciated. The bisque was wayyyy better than what one would find in any center city restaurant that I've tried...Which is quite a few since it's one of my favs.
I'll definitely be ordering again... and again!What a woundeful place! Had the the Mussels as a Starter and they were tender and full of Flavor! For Dinner had the Crab Cakes! Wow says it all. I would highly recomend if you are looking for Sea Food this is the place! Plus the atmosphere was perfect to sit outside and enjoy my meal. I will be going here again soon!  The staff is warm and very friendly! Our waiter was spot on when we asked him for a recomendation!Head over there and experience some old school hospitality, smacking delicious fresh seafood cooked to perfection. We ordered broiled seafood combo with the remaining fish in the ocean on a plate. Broiled shrimp, scallop wrapped with flounder topped with crab meat, garlic butter mashed potatoes and asparagus. The shrimp was perfectly cooked, so beautiful. The garlic mashed potato is the best mashed potato I have eaten in a very long time. It was garlicky buttery soft and velvety smooth. In contrast the asparagus had the perfect al dente bite with burst of earthiness complimenting the buttery potato. However the star of the dish was flounder wrapped scallop topped with crab. Some restaurants ruin it with butter and over salting; but Anastasi let the fish do the talking. The crab meat was so succulent it was sweet meat. The scallop was PERFECTLY cooked wrapped in fluffy flakey delicious flounder. I wished the dish never ended. Read rest of the review in my blog http://www.phillyhourlunch.com/2015/12/anastasi-seafood.htmlWent to Anastasi on Saturday afternoon for two things and two things only: Crabs and beer. We sat at a table outside, people watched, and split a dozen Baltimore Style crabs between the two of us. We got them clean which was so nice to not have to worry about  some of the yucky stuff. The crabs came out nice and warm, covered in the right amount of old bay, with extra old bay on the side (which I was glad for!) and we had to ask for some extra butter.  We had a basket of fries with the crabs that had some delicious dipping sauce with them, no clue what it was though. Our server was nice and checking in on us a lot a first, then I think she realized how slow we were going with the crabs, and disappeared for awhile, which was fine! We weren't in a hurry and she knew it. They have Sam Summer bottles which happened to be the beer of choice for the day for both of us, and all of their beers are pretty reasonably priced. I think we ended up spending like two and a half hours just leisurely cracking crabs, drinking, and taking in South Philly. Great way to spend a summer afternoon and glad to have a go-to place for crabs in the city. Will be back again for sure! :)I came here because my dad was in town and loves soft shell crab which they had. We get there and park in the back. We heard it was also a restaurant but we're nervous on what we were walking into because it looked like a market on the outside. Inside is a great little restaurant with amazing seafood!! We got the calamari (doesn't come with tenticles), crab cake sandwich, red sauces muscles, lobster bisque  (had large chops of lobster) and fried shrimp as well! All of it was amazing! Would definitely  recommend if you like seafood!!!I can only talk about the lunch hour on random week days. This place is a fish market but it never smells fishy. The food comes out and they do seem attentive to your time if it is restrictive. I ordered the linguini pasta in oil and garlic with the little neck clams. Both times that I have come here it was amazing. It is in the heart of the old Italian market, so don't expect super close parking. However, on a beautiful day, walking around and being immersed in the different cultures on your way here would not be a bad thing.This place is great, first time here. Got the 3 cheese ravioli & crab, scallops and spinach, and seafood bruschetta. Incredible! Highly recommend. Well done AnastasiAnastasi is the best seafood market in the city. Everything is always fresh (often still alive) and affordable.  There is also a restaurant in the market and the food is fantastic.I had the lobster bisque and it had lobster in it -it was quite tasty.  It wasn't lobster chunks, it was shredded lobster and there was a lot of it.  They have great garlic bread for sopping up the jus from the steamed littleneck clams I ordered.  I got a whole lobster, which was cheap, $26 I believe.  The claws were delicious and the tail was a little tough.  Being a connoisseur of Lobster is not my specialty, all I can say is that it was pretty big and I almost couldn't finish it.
This place is a little bit hidden.  Meaning, you begin to walk into a fish market and you start to doubt yourself and then you notice a seating area that is fairly inviting with a bar to boot.  The staff is very friendly south philly folk eager for you to have a good experience.  I would be glad to patronize their establishment again.The clams on the half shell were perfect.   The fish and crab cakes couldn't be better.   Delicious wine.   Good service.   A quirky atmosphere in the middle of a fish market.
Sinatra in the background.   Good sound level, not loud.  A great place for a great meal.  Our delicious meal would have been twice the price at a traditional restaurant.An Italian family owns a fish market. You won't be disappointed in the results.  Delicious food and fresh fresh seafood.  Try the seafood combo special (ask if it is not on the menu).  We also love the calamari - so lightly fried.  And save room for cannoli or tiramisu.
Prices fit the quality and cost of the seafood served.Tried Anastasi's for the first time and was very pleased. They have nice outdoor seating, it was perfect for dinner on a nice day. My boyfriend had crabcakes, broiled not fried, which he said were delicious. I had an order of crab macaroni and cheese that was one of the best things I've ever eaten. It was super creamy, super cheesy and had the perfect amount of crab meat mixed in. They also had some great happy hour specials while we were there, great priced beer and margaritas.Okay so this place is split, more or less, into two sections:
Seafood Market - No complaints here.  Generally cleaner appearing than others in Italian Market and similarly priced.  Don't really have anything exciting here I've found but a great spot for standard, regional stuff.  Straightforward which isn't bad and I shop from here regularly.
Restaurant - one of those "Why don't we try here sometime?" places that took us walking by probably 50 times before walking in.  Finally tried and can't say we were disappointed, or thrilled really.  Again nice, straightforward stuff at decent prices.  Right now they have a $10 soft shell crab sandwich which is a GREAT deal and the po-boy I had was a great mix of shrimp and oyster but I wasn't pleased with the roll to be honest; no excuse for bad bread in the IM.  Calamari was excellent - well seasoned and lightly fried.
Service however was disappointing.  Everyone was South Philly Nice but way too much absenteeism.  Took us a solid 1.5hr to have calamari and two sandwiches in here so forewarning if you'd trying to eat and run.  Wasn't for lack of staff (they had plenty), more organization I think.
Oh also, a group next to us went HAM for their lunch, up to and including group selfies with their steamed lobster. 
#lobsterselfie"Hidden Treasures from the South Philly Sea"
Let's just get right to it. 
Glass of Sauvignon Blanc: right on.
Red Soup of the Day: Red clam chowder. Complex, wonderfully aromatic red gravy, tender clams ... accept the offer of red chili flakes, wipe down the bowl with delicious bread.
Side caesar salad (see photo): crisp and gooey as sin, with briny Kalamata olives, freshly shaved Parmesan, and perfect herbed croutons. Important note: it was lavishly studded in capers. This was an unexpected, and initially unwelcome, surprise. But one bite and I was sold.
And Because I Wasn't Fat or Full Enough ...
Crab Mac & Cheese (see photo). This, my friends, was the B to the O to the M to the B. Not sure why I even ordered it, as I'm never one to go for M&C. It just doesn't interest me enough. And yet ... theirs is worth every crunchy, chewy, tender-lovin' hot and bubblin' crabtastic gobful you should be so lucky to try. I am one picky mother-lover, and rest assured, you will not be disappointed.
Also want to give a huge shout out to my server. She had that place running ... tight as a ship. Ba dum bum. Loved her!
If you're running around Italian Market / Bella Vista way, you really owe it to yourself to take a load off your feet and enjoy the seafood stylings. 
Note to lobster lovers: while they don't have lobster on the regular dining menu, they're also a full seafood store, and if you call in advance they will cook you one to order to eat there ... as you draw butter out of each delicious claw.update on the actual restaurant....so cool!  its like having dinner at an italian family's house, only one that makes the tastiest softshell crabs ever.  everyone was super nice and i LOVED and i mean LOVED my meal.  check this place out for a low key but super friendly experience. thumbs up!How unfortunate the food is delicious, unfortunately the kitchen is run poorly or there's no communication with the waitstaff. Undelivered salad and appetizers, multiple reminders for the soups and a missing dinner. I actually felt bad for the waitress but it was one mishap after another. They did give us free dessert and a loaf of bread, but still charged us for the dinner one person had to eat while the others sipped their coffee.When I first arrived at this place it seemed kind of random and sketchy, but I got over it as soon as I walked in. There was fresh seafood everywhere, and our waitress was super friendly. Also, a Woodchuck cider was only $4, so I was immediately pleased. THEN, as our waitress recited the specials, I realized A 1 1/2 POUND LOBSTER with vegetables and fries (seasoned: I think spices, cheese, and parsley, not so sure but they were awesome) WAS ONLY $25. I also ordered crab cakes, which were fresh and delicious, but the lobster was the real treat. It was huge, super fresh, and came with plenty of butter and lemon, and it was actually one of the best seafood-binges I've ever had. I was crazy full when I left this restaurant and paid less that $30. Definitely a must, especially in Philly, where I haven't found  that many great seafood places.They are either inept or unethical. First time I went, they padded my bill with extra charges. Second time, they didn't include part of my order in the bag, but still charged me the $15 (a disappointing discovery once I got home).  Quality of the fish is mediocre at best. I don't plan to visit a third time.I made plans to cook surf n' turf at home with my girlfriend for Valentine's Day. I checked yelp and saw some great reviews for Anastasi so I called at 2pm to see if they had any lobsters left. The man assured me that they had plenty of 1.5 lb lobsters, but that he would reserve two for me to be certain. I gave my name and told him I'd be there within two hours.
I came in at 3:30 and was told blankly that there were no lobsters left. The man behind the counter checked to make sure nothing was set aside and then plainly told me "too bad".
Thanks Anastasi, you nearly ruined my holiday!
Fortunately I was able to go down the street to Ippolito's Seafood, where they had an abundance of lobster, in addition to crabs, shrimp, and assorted fish.
My advice is to do the same. Skip Anastasi; it stinks (literally), and the service is poor.One of my favorite restaurants of all time.  Super casual, pop up restaurant in a seafood market after 5pm.  So reasonably priced for the amount of food and the quality, it's actually sacrilegious.  I go here when visiting home, and I've never had one thing that was not incredible.  From everyday standard menu items, to specials, this place has got seafood in the Italian Market down pat.
The raw oysters, which are my favorite, are always plump, fresh and sweet.  I order a dozen, and for $2 a pop totally worth it.  I've had oysters many places elsewhere charged up to $4 a piece and these are by far the best.  The lobster bisque is delicious- along with their other soups.  I love getting the lobster as my entree which usually sets me back $20-$25 when it's on special, nothing for a succulent, perfectly cooked lobster with heaping sides of delicious garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables.  The mussels are delicious- recently our sweet, competent and patient waitress (Gianna) told our table that there was a special with bacon infused sauce, to which i turned my nose up (bacon with mussels? yuck!) but i ate my words when i tasted them- they were delicious.  The grilled octopus salad with the pineapple citrus dressing makes my mouth salivate thinking of it, and their pasta dishes are done well too.  Smelts?  Hellz yes.  Shrimp Cocktail?  Sock it to me.  Crab-stuffed ANYTHING?  I could go on and on...
One suggestion:  I love a good glass of white with seafood, and they could definitely improve their wine selection, or opt to offer the option to BYOB for a corkage fee (I am happy to bring my own delicious wine).   
Thanks Anastasi for great quality, service and prices!  I am forever yours...
xoxoxoxoDefinitely a great place to grab seafood in South Philly. I went for oyster happy hour, and ordered oysters, the soft shell crab, and my friend and I split a bucket of beer. The oysters were delicious. I had trouble refraining from ordering another dozen. The soft shell crab was also very, very good. I couldn't quite make out what was in the sauce it was served with exactly, but I loved it! Unfortunately, I did think it was a bit too expensive, but it was still great. Definitely give this place a shot. Can't wait to go back.Review for the fish market only
3.5 stars
Price are reasonable and the seafood looked fresh. In general, good amount of seafood options, although there was a lack of options for wild caught fish (i think i only saw 2-3 on display) on the day that we went. We ended up getting the red snapper filet and it tasted very fresh. Will be back to try the diner next time and purchase more fish!Got a couple dozen crabs this weekend. The guys who sell you the crabs are very personable. They gave me a few extras! They usually do this anyway but I just started thought I'd mention it.  The prices are the best in townI'm in the food / hospitality business and I admit my expectations are high.  I don't write reviews when I'm disappointed (though I will def fill out the comment card and let the establishment know directly), but I want to take the time to compliment when I'm impressed.  Anastasi has delivered on both food quality and exceptional hospitality (as in, not overly polished, but earnest, sincere & attentive) every time.  Food is fresh, delicious, and fairly priced.  Craft beer selection is solid.  Outdoor seating is set up on those days when other establishments would feel inconvenienced by it.  Great experience every time.Resturant/Bar/FishMarket. Offers both inside and outside seating, located on a busy block  but far enough away from the street.
I really enjoy outside seating this time of year, The oysters were very good fresh came with a champagne/lemon sauce dip which I paired with a caesar Salad, Rockefeller oysters very good.
Don't honor military discount. The wait staff was nice.Walk in the door and like it right away. Simple, unpretentious, and friendly. The seafood are fresh and well prepared. But not a place if you are on a diet, I guess that goes for almost any place in Philadelphia. The portion are huge. I came from the BayArea, where sometimes the portion are so small you thought you have ordered the appetizer instead. Always have something for lunch the next day.The most perfect crab place you can imagine. Buy cold steamed crabs, feisty live crabs, or order hot steamed crabs and sit at the high tables on the awninged  italian-market sidewalk. Have a chat with the owner/buyer. Plenty of local fish, bluefish, bronzino and tuna steaks. Chesapeake blue crabs, snow crabs, clams, oysters.Lovely outdoor shaded seating. Good music playing. The raw combo is $29 and it's a rip off in my opinion... Why? Because it only bring 6 oysters and 3 jumbo shrimps and some mini cup with crab. Not worth it when the oysters and clams are $1.25 or a dollar depending on the day. So be wise and just order 16 oysters for less than $20. The little clams in sauce are super tasty and so is the Mac and Cheese. They had a variety of beer available and wines. No real mixed cocktail drinks. Customer service is on point. The ladies here are friendly and approachable. Definitely coming back again before the summer ends. You can purchase seafood to go etc. It feels a bit out of place because of its location but you forget where you are with the old school music and the service. Recommend it!!Stumbled in to Anastasi Seafood for dinner last night after drinking all day at the South Street May Festival. Had a heaping portion of mussels in a red sauce as an appetizer, which we finished up within a couple minutes. I had the pasta pescatore which included mussels, shrimp, and clams over pasta in a red sauce. My boo had the seafood trio which included shrimp, scallops, and crab. Also a large portion and he was pretty satisfied.  We had a bottle of wine, and the unlimited bread was great for getting all the sauce. Our waitress was really nice and attentive and put up with our drunken antics. The meals were reasonably priced and I can't wait to go back again.Walked in me thought ..... well OK?  Then seated by nice staff and the food and drinks kept coming.  Lobster pasta special was unbelievable and the dungeons crab was off the charts good!  You want good seafood in Philly? Go here now !115 stars for Happy Hour raw bar!!! $1 raw oysters and raw clams (little necks, top necks, and cherry stones) and they're all delish! Beer prices aren't bad either. Always shucked nicely so no worries about little bits of shells inbetween bites.
I have tried a couple things from the regular menu too and it's 3.5-4.0 out of 5.0 stars. But it's been awhile so my memory isn't as sharp.Food was great. When I got some. Ordered the "colossal crab cocktail". Never appeared. Ordered salmon. Never appeared. They finally brought me my dinner when every else was done. It was a shame since it was a unique experience dining in the middle of the fish market, but you have to execute on the basics. Got some free dessert for the hassle.After reading all the great reviews, we were a bit disappointed. Here's the deal: Food- fried calamari app, tasted like I could have made it at home (not too great), seafood pescatore- LOTS of mussels, but only 3 prawns( overall average-good). Dining area- HORRIBLE, rickety tables and uncomfortable chairs, bartender was the only waiter??? Overall, it was ok. We have no plans to return in the future.For years I have had this place on my list. I mean it's in the Italian market. If you go to the cheesesteak corner - you almost always drive by there in some form or fashion at least we did (or the taxi drivers did). Anyway- finally had the opportunity to go. As others mention it's a a seamfood market slash restaurant. 
When we went there was a private party but there always a few tables opened and we snagged one. 
Food was okay. Started out with the clams (too sandy) and another appetizer. I had he bronzino whole fish grilled and it comes with Brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes and hubby ordered the seafood pasta dish. We enjoyed them but hours later our lunch still was quite heavy. 
That was our experience.The crab cakes were excellent. We always stop by to eat here whenever we're in town. We picked an outside table because it smells inside. They need better exhaust although the seafood are freshThe food is exceptional and the service was wonderful. This is my first review I've ever written but my husband and I had such a terrific experience I just had to share. I can't stress enough how great the food is. You must try the shrimp and blue crab chowder...yummy!!!!The mixed reviews on here appropriately express how I feel! I want to say it's a great place to take friends where you can sit inside (if you don't mind staring at fish in ice) or outside where the heart of Philly's Italian Market shines. I want to say the food is delicious and the servers were all very kind (which they were). I'm just not sure HOW to say all of this without also feeling it's fair to warn customers this isn't exactly a "go home feeling wonderful about your dining experience" hotspot.  
We had a reservation and were greeted with smiles, sat outside on a beautiful evening, were immediately given water and oyster crackers......and then, we waited. And waited. We waited for just under 35 minutes before we started to debate whether or not to walk away or get up to ask someone if servers even existed! When we were finally greeted by our server, she was friendly and apologizing for the wait. She didn't seem too observant over our empty water glasses and the fact that we were literally picking up crumbs just to eat. 
We ordered our meal and out of the multiple entrées ordered, when the food finally started to arrive there were multiple errors in the platters! Side dishes were missing, some of our food never showed up (only to later learn they were out and didn't tell us), the portions we very large and we definitely paid the price! For me, I ordered only side dishes which should have been the easiest meals, but none of the dishes were accurate and he prices just put a damper on it  :( 
Anastasi does have a lot of heart and I'm sure as a fish market, they excel in their service and product, but as a restaurant, I wouldn't recommend this as a date night spot, but an "experience" to go into with an open mind....and wallet.I have had a lot of items off their lunch menu and some from their dinner.  Everything I have eaten there has been the freshest and tastiest of what ever that was I have had pretty much anywhere.  And the price is beyond reasonable for this quality.  I am born and raised in NYC - over there, you don't get half as good quality for twice the price.
I especially love the shrimp salad sandwiches.  Something so basic, you'd think.  But the shrimp are so fresh, they don't cut them into little pieces - they are whole - they snap in your mouth, there's a lot of them and perfectly seasoned.  
It's all the attention to small details about how the food is prepared, the cooking times, the seasoning and presentation.  
Absolutely fabulous and such a unique place.  It's not for everybody, being in a fish market but it will definitely impress most anybody you are with.  It's like a best kept secret kind of feel.I bought crab legs for take out here for the first time on 1/12/14. They were steamed and season and they were AMAZING!! It was definitely worth the price and commute. The crab legs were slightly less meaty than what I'm used to but that is the only issue I had. I'll definitely be coming here for my fresh fish again.The ambiance here isn't the greatest and you can smell raw seafood in the dining area but the food they serve you is very fresh and the portion size is fitting for someone who really eats.  I usually get the pescatore which comes with a pile of seafood. The price is very fair too and the wait staff are very attentive and actually likes to talk to their customers. I'm giving my rating based on the food and the value..Wanted to grab some crabs to go. Get there and it's $5 to park in their parking lot....
Then upon ordering 4lbs of crab legs it's an additional $25 for them to cook them. 
I'll pass. Won't be back.My boyfriend pulled a 3" vein (poop shoot) from his lobster that was otherwise fresh. At the recommendation of other reviews I went for the lobster bisque and can confirm that the lobster pieces are huge! My entree, the crab stuffed lobster (so much lobster!) was fresh, and came with some top notch buttery mashed potatoes and asparagus. 
We sat outside on a Tuesday night, and felt forgotten by the waiter. It was the type of service where you start ordering another beer before you finish the first one, because they may not be back for a while. The beer selection was wide, they had Ommegang on tap. I will be back for what looks like a great happy hour menu.Now. I say the seafood and fish are fantastic for buying and preparing yourself at HOME! But the actual food prepared by the cooks wasn't great and pretty underseasoned. I wish I could give it more so 3 1/2 stars but yelp won't allow it. I had the Brazino which was a great piece of fish but very underseasoned. My mother got the shrimp scampi... Which did not taste like scampi and was swimming kn olive oil. It just wasn't good. Neither were the accompanying rice pilaf and veggies.. I really had high hopes for the food cooked there.While wandering the Italian Market the weekend before Valentine's Day Michelle and I decided it was time to eat. With all of the amazing choices in the area we realized that we haven't been to Anastasi's in quite a while. 
The restaurant is located in the center of their retail store which is very different. The quality of the seafood here is excellent so a good meal is sure to be had. We started with a dozen oysters which were fresh and delish. As it was Shad season one of their specials was a pan fried Shad Roe. This was the complete roe sack lightly sauteed. Neither of us ever had this dish before and it was interesting. Do yourself a favor and order a seafood salad here. Shrimp, Scallops , Mussels and Lobster tossed in a nice light dressing over Romaine. They have a full bar and a few great microbrews on tap (I went with the Yards Love Stout). Service was on point although the restaurant is quite small. All manner of seafood for sale to prepare at home or a full menu of fried/broiled platters as well. Definitely a must go to spot.The market offers all kinds of good stuff that you can take home and make with your family, a wide array of fish, pasta, salads, and shellfish.  But the restaurant:  When I go out for seafood I'm not really to concerned with the ambiance or my surroundings at all.  So never mind that this restaurant is in the middle of a fish market.  I like it because the food is damn good.  That's as far as it goes.  They have a full bar and the staff is friendly, but its all about food.  If you aren't sure about something, just ask the staff, they usually know what's good and when it's good.  They have the means to store all this seafood properly and they know how to prepare it for you.  Nice variety of options.  The mussels are fantastic.  The crab cake is pure jumbo lump.  The mediterranean salad is delicious.  They always have a great fish of the day.  Wild Salmon, whole bronzino, fried flounder, lobster, crabs, mussels, raw oysters: whatever you're looking for, they've got it and it's gonna be good.  Try the crab mac and cheese.It's where we go for fresh seafood, it just is. And it's great! And it's fast! And it's never let me down.We live in Los Angeles and have fish tacos all the time..... hands-down this is the best fish taco we have had. It's literally a whole filet of grilled white fish with fresh pico de gallo and avocado inside of two tortillas. Happy hour at the bar is an awesome deal (while listening to Frank and Dean). Oysters were great too! A buck a shuck on Fridays from 4 to 6! Highly recommend.I LOVE this place. The food is amazing - perfect, really. The vibe is fun, casually, and welcoming.
That said, I found a roach on my plate that my tea was bought out on after our meal. I would have ignored it but I heard the man next to us talking about finding a roach in the bathroom. Between both of our experiences I am led to believe that there is an issue there.
I know these things happen in restaurants but it was just such a turn off that I haven't been back since. It's an open sea food restaurant and market. I'm sure it's hard to keep it lest free, but, it's not impossible with effort.Ok I've been here several times for oysters and lobster rolls. This week the lobster rolls we ordered were so puny, maybe 40% of the normal amount. Very disappointed for the price.Was great to visit an authentic South Philadelphia restaurant. Had perfect fried scallops- a real treat since I'm living in Charlotte where you just don't find this. 
Started with tuna tartare appetizer, which was big enough to share- also very good. 
Other dishes also looked good. Broiled seafood platter and broiled scallops. Great cannoli for dessert. 
Definitely not a fancy place but fine, given excellent food.Anastasi Seafood is truly a part of the Old World in the Italian Market. Located at 9th and Washington... it is in the heart of the shopping district. 
When it comes to fresh seafood at very reasonable prices shop here. Don't hesitate to ask when and where... what you intend to buy, came from. 
I always ask them to add a bag of ice to my purchase on hot days.
The scallops are the freshest in the city and the unit count or size of them is large. Other seafood markets charge much more. 
The fresh tuna is excellent. 
And if live crabs are what you looking for.. this is the place to go.Overall, I like this place. The restaurant is surrounded by a fish market; the service is really friendly and knowledgeable, and prices are pretty decent for fish in restaurant. Good quality seafood, if not the absolute best, but good value for what you get IMO. Favorite items on the menu include the following:
Broiled seafood combo, chowder, Dungeness crab, shrimp cocktail. Especially nice to be able to get fresh crab in season, which they will prep for you in the restaurant. Any of the grilled fish dishes are good too.
Gets fairly busy, but usually not too bad.
Rating: Recommend.Overwhelming Fishy smell when you walk in. Bad service I felt like our waitress abandoned us. Food wasn't good either. I ordered the salmon with spinach and it should could have used hella seasoning. The spinach was bitter and bland too. The drinks were good though. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyoneWow! Met Janet the hostess with the mostest! And Jennifer was a fabulous server! She recommended Dungeness crab 'all the way' and OMG the best crab I have ever eaten! Their shrimp and crab chowder was amazing! Shrimp cocktail was perfect - crisp and cold. 
I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place! Freshest seafood I have ever eaten!The reviews on Anastasi are super mixed. Unfortunately adding another to the "skip this restaurant" side.
Pros: Fun location right in the Italian Market - you can choose to sit outside and watch the action, or inside and have a more intimiate restaurant experience (though one right next to all the raw fish bar sales. 
Instead of the normal bread basket you're given large oyster crackers and real horseradish to nibble on while you wait for your food.
Cons: So much waiting. While we were seated right away and given menus, it took about 15 minutes to actually get our order placed even though there few other customers. We kept trying to make eye contact with our server before finally flagging down another member of the staff when ours disappeared. She came back finally to take our order but seemed put out. Then when we wanted to pay the bill a similar thing occurred and I went to go get it from the hostess, returned it to her as well, and waited for her to find our server.
The food. My crab cakes had a decent amount of crab but not really any flavor. They were served with the worlds smallest thimble of coleslaw despite it being billed as a side, and the fries were very overly fried. My friend ordered two fish tacos and while she was happy with her meal, could barely finish one as the serving was so large (unusual for fish tacos and something we wish the server had mentioned).
We spent most of our meal taking about how disappointed we were with it :/Me and the squad had a sudden urge for some bomb ass seafood so we hit up our Yelp app for some suggestions and Anastasi seemed like a cool spot. No better way to ensure I'm getting fresh fish if the restaurant is in a fish market. Genius.
I don't wanna sound basic but a picture I found on Yelp influenced my order. Scallops, shrimp and linguine? YES PLEASE. Problem is the pasta was a generous portion and of course I'm a slob so I ate the whole thing and now I need a serious belly rub.Words fail me about how much I love this place.   Let's put it this way, somebody's grandma starts making seasonings and bisque at 6 am every day!!  That's AMAZEBALLS!!    Everything is done the old school way, and the staff treats you like family.    I could eat JUST the mussels for at least 10 days straight.   They are simply one of a kind.  An old Philadelphia staple landmark.  I hope they stay forever.   Sixteen and a half stars!!My parents were in town and we were all in the mood for good seafood, the only qualm? Philadelphia isn't necessarily known for its great seafood joints.  It was late afternoon and we had no reservations so I freaked out a little bit and after a panicked Google search came across Anastasi.  Somehow we found reservations for later in the evening and all was right in the world.
I've lived in South Philly going on two years now and have been to the Italian Market frequently in the last 8 years.  I've purchased fish from this market during the day but failed to realize it was also a full-service intimate restaurant and bar, boy am I glad I decided to go here.  When we arrived we were promptly seated by a very friendly greeter and soon thereafter by a waitress.  We had our selected beverages at our table in another 10 minutes and all of our order in another 10.  There was a bit of a wait between ordering and our appetizer and then again until our main course, but I came to appreciate this as each order is cooked as it's ordered.  
For our appetizer we got the special fries with lump crab, fontina and bechamel, this dish wasn't on our table long enough to appreciate because it was eaten so quickly!  I could have easily seen myself drinking a 60 Minute at the bar eating these fries during a lonesome trip to the bar.  For dinner, there were four of us and we all got something a bit different. I got the three blue crabs with "the Works" (a spicy Old Bay broth) which was phenomenal.  My girlfriend got the shrimp and oyster Marsala (which ended up being more of a cream-based sauce) that I must say is worth walking to the market ANY DAY.  I highly recommend this place to anybody in the area looking for a unique experience and amazing seafood.A seafood market with a full bar and restaurant inside, what else can be said? Of course their seafood is fresh, but their prepared foods like their soups are also amazing. The dinner menu is equally as good as what's being sold to-go. Great happy hour spot where you can sit outside on one of the best intersections in the city. Oh and everyone who works there is really really friendly.I bought a few lobster tails here for my lobster mac and cheese - the service was superb, price was reasonable (believe it was 12.95/pd?) and the person helping me was very knowledgable - we discussed getting a live lobster, boiling it, deshelling and putting it in my dish vs just doing it with lobster tails. He was patient and proceeded to discuss pricing with me for quite some time.
The lobster was fresh and the mac & cheese was a success. The restaurant/store also looked like a cool spot to check out for seafood (we didn't have the time to do so) but we'll be back given its reviews!The food here is outstanding! We got the Dungeness crab legs with "the works" and it was delicious. The seasoning is incredible. Highly recommend. Very cute homey vibe.Great and fresh seafood, but plain plain plain "nothing special" menu with no great sides to speak of, although edible. Don't bother dressing up for a night out, it's basically dining in the heart of a fish market. Basic.We located this place on Yelp, since by chance we happened to be in my hometown unexpectedly after dropping my sis and her husband off about 30 minutes from this colorful restaurant's South Philly location. The lobster bisk, crab cake, and Mediterranean salad were good choices. Freshness and portions were a good value. Service was good, however, when I ordered Fish 'n Chips, the halibut was out-of-stock on the Saturday afternoon at 1:30 P.M. The rolls were okay, nothing that was gourmet noteworthy, the first offering was puny, I need to ask for seconds which brought forth double what was put on the table in the first place. The lunch was ample, the place loud, with tables of folks deep in conversation. The price was low compared to visiting Bar Harbor, Maine a couple of weeks ago! I would like to try this place again, next time. I spend 50% of my time, retired overseas, 50% traveling around USA, based in , Central California Coast &Yuma, AZ ! Love ti walk around this neighborhood, so eating seafood & walking is a good pair!Mix of people dressed up and casual. The server was nice enough to accomodate my need for privacy (need to nurse my son). Eventhough, this is more of an adult restaurant. Great NY music and feel. They have a small bar too. Food is great. Love itFood was hot fresh and delicious. My boyfriend and I enjoyed our dinner immensely. We will definitely be back soon. Nice outdoor and indoor seating.Great place for a casual seafood dinner in Philadelphia (and definitely worth a trip from City Center).  It's a simple menu, but all our dishes were fresh and the fish tasted excellent.  The service was great also.In usually reserve 4+ stars for exemplary. Stopped in on a lark while shopping on 9th and South Philly Barbacoa is no longer possible for lunch due to the lines. Well, one would expect considering it's in a fish market it would be good, but sometimes one has nothing to do with the other. Not in this case. The 2 young guys waiting and running food were a little confused but that lender itself to the neighborhood feel. Raw Cherrystones were excellent, fried smelts incredible, oyster stew (which many places screw up) was top notch. Crab cakes were full of meat and delicious. Caesar was meh but next time (there will be a next time) I think the Caesar topped with fried smelts is gonna be lunch. Great job, cool neighborhood feel.Great food! The seafood and sides are very good. The crab chowder is a must try! The only problem is the service...the waiters do their best but they do not have enough so expect to wait an hour or so after you are seated. We had a reservation at 5:45, got seated at 6:05 and got out appetizer at 6:35. Our actual meal came out after 7:00 and we finished at 8:15. They were also out of most of the fish which seems to happen consistently. Very good food though.My husband said he stumbled upon this place with his friends a while back and he has been raving about it ever since. Anastasi is right in the Italian Market - it is primarily a seafood market that also has a hidden gem of a restaurant inside of it. Today, we went there for happy hour, which is from 4-7 on Tues-Fri, every week. We ordered 6 clams and 6 oysters (buck a shuck) and the chips and guac with added crab meat. The crab made the chips and guac more hearty, in a good way, and it was enough crab for 4 extra bucks. There were other great things on the menu, but we were just so full. I will definitely go back for more and maybe even some grocery shopping.I was disappointed . Smells very fish. I know they are fish market but growing up in country where people eat a lot of fish and many fish market. I didn't expect that much smell. Most of the fish market in my country do not smell that bad!! The fish didn't look happy or fresh.. plus the parking charged me $10. I didn't feel like eating and spending time in restaurant because of smell and disappointment from parking fee.This is a review of the restaurant, not the market. 
In a word: gross. Prior to eating here (several months ago), I purchased fish a few times from their market and enjoyed it at home.  However, after dining in here, I can hardly walk by the place (in fact I go out of my way to avoid it when walking to my favorite taqueria).  Anyway I think they used old fish that they did not sell at the market and then they cover it with gross sauces. Also clam chowder was somehow tasteless with stringy clams. The sides were lackluster and I left annoyed that I had spent any money here. The best part was probably the beer I ordered.  Prior to eating here I had purchased a crab cake during the Italian Market Festival and was far from impressed, but not yet repulsed. I will never return.Went there yesterday. The staff were friendly. The food was especially delicious. Had the the salmon rigatoni which was a special. I couldn't finish it all but even when I took it home and reheated it, it was still delicious.
The only downside is that this place is kind of cramped and if you go at peak hours without a reservation, you might have to wait. Otherwise I would recommend this place.The seafood here is great and the prices very reasonable! We came for happy hour relatively early and stayed through dinner. The seafood bruschetta is very generous and well buttered, the bread is warm, and the seafood fresh and delicious. Great to wander in the Italian market before and after too!Good food inside of a little fish market. Nicely stocked bar with seemingly good cocktails (never got one). The lobster rolls have huge chunks of lobster in them- they're not even chunks- they're like half a tail or a whole claw. Very delicious. Service is a little slow, but it's to be expected in a hustling place in Italian market. Fish for sale is fresh. They'll place it on ice for you.Wow. I honestly didn't know how good this restaurant might be until we tried it. We were given a warm welcome - felt treated as if part of the family. We immediately sensed freshness and high quality as we entered and looked around at the fish market/kitchen. Both the food and the service were exceptional. We left satisfied and determined to come back whenever in the area. I highly recommend visiting.This place has the best seafood! And the owner is so sweet! She gave me and my friends a nightcap on the house just because she's amazing. The whole staff is super friendly and the cooks really know what they're doing! It's a little pricey but totally worth every penny. Go there for Valentines...they decorate the place all cute and romantic.