Been here twice in one week. Easily the best pizza in the city that doesn't require a dinner reservation. Anyone who give less than 5 stars should be kicked off yelp for life. While we waited for amazing mamas pie with fresh ground parm and basil on top they gave out free slices of some other amazing pizza.  Cash only. Praying for delivery to get added to mix.Ordered the PFD sandwich and a regular cheese pie, both were amazing...you really taste the freshness in every bite. It's hard to find a sandwich and pizza to this quality in the same joint but this place has it down! Will definitely be my new go to pizza spot.This pizza is ridiculously good. Probably in my top 3 in Philly. I like how they offer both thin and think crust, and I honestly couldn't decide which I liked better since they were both amazing. Do note that we came when it wasn't terribly busy and waited about 40 mins for 3 pies. There's no seating options inside as this seems like more of a take out place. Definitely worth it!Wow haven't tried Angelo's for quite some time simply because of convenience but WOW the specialty pizza was the best I ever tasted.!!!!This is the greatest pizza you will find in the area. The cheese steaks are awesome and you must try the cheese steak egg rolls!!!My boyfriend has always found something wrong with food I rave about, until I brought Angelo's Upside Down Jawn home. A bite into his second slice he said we had to make sure we wrapped the leftovers really well so we could eat it again the next night. No phone, cash only. Definitely worth itAngelo's Pizza is Incredible - They go the extra mile to serve excellent Pizza. The Upside Down Jawn is killer, I love the thick crust on this Pizza. It's to hard to explain why, just go taste it now. I also like to order custom made pizza's where I pick the toppings. Angelo's toppings are the highest quality ingredients. The cheese, sauce, pepperoni and sausage taste far better than most pizza establishments. The portions are huge. The sandwiches also look really good as well but I haven't tried them yet (and they even make the bread / rolls in house). Friendly and helpful staff. So happy I live nearby. Nice to see a Pizzeria focused on serving the best Pizza without shortcuts (and likely a hit to their bottom line in the process).  
Highly Recommended
BKThe best pizzeria that I've been to in a long time, the ingredients that they use are top of the line, the cheese that they grated on top of my meatball sandwich was delicious, I also had a slice of pepperoni pizza and the pepperoni, could be the best that I've hadLives up to the hype ! Great food ! Best ingredients ! Wish they were closer to my houseThis review I'm about to write is 100% true and not at all a lie or exaggeration in any way although I wish it were. My buddy and I found this pizzerias Instagram and were initially blown away by the pictures. The pizzas looked great and the hot sandwiches on the overly seeded rolls looked fantastic. We decided to give it a try. The first sign that this experience was going to be a let down was when I initially walked in the place. Barren white walls. One single metal table with 2 chairs and for some reason the place was 90% kitchen and everything was open so all you heard were the loud sounds of the dough being made by machine and cooks loudly talking in the back. Then I ordered a soda. A root beer to be exact. They carry some off brand name I've never heard of and it was awful. Just carry Coca Cola products or something normal. I don't need a craft root beer just a mug or an A & W or something. Okay so we decide we're going to order a plain pie and a cheesesteak. The cheesesteak comes out and it's a cheesesteak I can get anywhere. Not awful but nothing special. The big let down was the bread. It had no seeds whatsoever and looked like a roll you'd get at wawa not a place that claims it makes "homemade Italian bread". Then the pizza came out. My brother, my friend and I opened the box and everyone went silent. The second we opened it you could just tell it was completely and utter slop. Almost no sauce and way too much cheese. A good pizza should almost have a tan look to it when it comes out of a pizza oven. The crust should be dark and the oil should give the pizza an orange color. This pizza came out and was pale white. The worst part was that there was like a white liquid in the middle. Almost like the cheese has liquified into milk. From the undercooked crust to no oil drip, to no sauce, to globs of cheese it just didn't look right. So finally we decide we're going to try a slice. The second we ripped the slices apart all the cheese fell right off into a glob in the middle. I ended up eating dough and then a glob of cheese separately after each slice piece of dough. That was an embarrassing pizza and if I owned a pizzeria and had any pride I wouldn't have served it. This guy continues to post food that looks delicious on his instagram but it's all a lie. We were literally food catfished and he continues to dupe people to this day. He won't be in business long. His bread is awful, his pizzas atrocious, there's no where to sit, the list goes on and on. The woman at the counter also asked what 4 times before comprehending literally any part of the order. That was just the icing on this mess of a cake. Honestly I'm not even covering all of it but it's been like a month since I was there and can't remember every little detail we were criticizing when we were there. Unfortunately when we went at first this place didn't have a yelp page yet. The man is lying about the food he makes and gladly serving up slop and pretending he is some sort of new kid on the block that is a threat to the well established pizzerias of Philadelphia. Embarrassing. I'll never be back, I tell all my friends, family, and co workers to not waste their time making a trip over there, and the man deserves to go out of business. I've had some of the best pizza in the world in New York and Santuccis which is literally right up the block. I know good pizza and this ain't it. He should stop lying about his bread too. I can only imagine what other foods he makes that are a complete falsehood on social media but I'll never be back to try anything there again. There's too much good pizzerias and delis too close to him for me to waste my money.Pizza is my favorite food.  I have had it all over the world from Italy to India and from the streets of Naples to the streets of New York.  I moved to Philly four months ago and was waiting for great pizza.  And, after trying the rest (or at least a few,) I found the best.
There were people there from South Jersey, Italy and Ohio waiting in a small area in front of the counter for steaks, chicken and the amazing pizza.
The first thing you taste is the quality of the toppings and cheese.  The sauce is not overpowering but not too sweet or tart.  The crust was crisp and reheated well.  
This is not cheap pizza, nor is it really expensive. It was about $20 bucks for cheese and sweet Italian pie.  The sandwiches looked great as well and run about $11 for a sandwich which will feed to hungry people.
This is worth traveling for.Ok, so how I really feel. It sucks you can't call them to order, see a menu online, call them in general, need to order there, no seats, pizza was ok but my mouth was sore after eating 3 slices. Not great leftover cold either. Cheesesteak could use more meat or just cut your bread length a bit shorter.This place is terrible my dad ordered pepperoni pizza and we just had cheese, annoying but whatever then we eat it the and crust was burnt and there is barely any sauce this place is worse then Little Caesars pizzaMy 5 stars are not for the food.  Although the food deserves those stars.  My stars are for the two young women working the front on Friday 12-27-2019.  Took a chance to get a pie on the way home and was greeted by the expected crowd but my wife said, "What he hell, we are here".  So we strategized the parking, ordering, waiting plan and I stood in the store for about 30 minutes.  I watched these girls basically run the place.  I know the people making the food will object, but guys face it, if you make a mistake you can fix it before the customer notices.  These young women make a mistake?  Everyone knows.
These girls were skilled and efficient.  They did a great job.  But what they did more than anything else was treat everyone in a friendly and respectful manner.  Weather they were regulars and knew the menu or tourists acting like tourists. 
The result of their efforts?  Well how about a waiting room and sidewalk filled with people waiting...and everyone was polite and friendly.  I grew up in the city and worked in restaurants and know that shit does not happen by itself.  It happened because these girls set the tone. 
So thanks.  I appreciate your efforts.  I especially appreciate that you greeted this 64-year-old man, who is typically invisible to young people like you, the same way you greeted the young guys that came in after me.  Keep up the damn good work.No joke....hands down best pizza EVER!  Have not been disappointed yet, well except the day i was waiting for it to come home and they ran out of dough , o n no phone to call it in to pick up!!!  But i get it lolThe best cheesesteak in Philly. This place hits every element out of the park. Steak is tasty, cheese is sharp, and the bread is surprisingly the star of the show.
A few quick notes, Angelo's is cash only, but they do have an ATM inside. When I went on a Friday afternoon, the place was absolutely packed; they did manage to get our food out to us quickly. A few tables outside the store, and some standing room inside the store to eat, but expect it to be jammed. The girl taking our orders was very friendly, and helpful, recommending I get Cooper Sharp, over American Cheese, which turned out to be the right suggestion. 
The cheesesteak with onions and Cooper Sharp cheese is the way to go. Let's start with the surprising star of the cheesesteak, the bread. We're talking about an Italian roll freshly baked in-house. It's seeded, fresh, and used perfectly. Probably the most overlooked element to any cheesesteak, Angelo's nails it. You get this perfect crunch with every bite, and I cannot even begin to tell you how good a fresh baked Italian roll is. To talk about the cheese, go with the Cooper Sharp. It's basically a sharper American, and having tasted them both side by side, the Cooper Sharp adds the perfect balance of flavor. The steak it good quality, cut into ribbons, but not really chopped up too much. I will say, the only real knock on the cheesesteak is I wish there was a tiny more steak on the sandwich, as I did get a few bites with just bread (not that I'm complaining, but is wonderful). The meat is very tasty, and more ribboned, not chopped finely. Also, when you get onions here, you can taste them. Not finely chopped, so you really get the crunch of the onion. In terms of competitors, I think John's Roast Pork cheesesteak is close to it, but the fresh Italian roll, and Cooper Sharp cheese puts this over the edge.
I also had cheese fries while I was here, honestly, they were whatever. Just average, out of a bag fries with some cheese wiz on them. Not that there is anything wrong with that, it's a classic, but nothing special about the cheese fries. Price is $11 for a cheesesteak, which I think is a bit on the higher end for Philly cheesesteaks, but totally worth it.
Food (A-) Pricing (C) Atmosphere (B), Service (B+)Ordered the upside down jawn! This was delicious. Probably one of my preferred pizza spots in the city. Take out only.. cash only... no phone. I get the takeout and the cash. The no phone thing is rough. You have to go in, place your order, and then come back?! Well.. besides all that, the pizza is worth it! Nice thick crust on the upside down jawn. Good portion of sauce and cheese under it. Cooked nicely. I'm a fan of this pizza and will be coming back for it. $22 for 12 square slices. Nice little line too, so you know the food is delicious!I have not been able to find a pizza that I really like in a very long time. I think most pizza places have to compete in price with the horrific Dominos of the world (totally disgusting) and end up sacrificing quality. This pizza is totally awesome. If you go, be aware that this is not a restaurant (some tables outside), you can't order by phone, they don't deliver, it's hot inside. If you're expecting anything else don't go or don't complain. Less waiting for me.Pizza perfection!! The grandmas upside down with pepperoni - it's what dreams are made of.  The sandwiches are out of this world!  We loved loved this place in Haddonfield, and even though it's over the bridge now, it's absolutely worth the drive.  Everything they make is the best.   I can't say enough great thinks about this place, the quality of the ingredients, the food.  There's no better pizza place.Stopped on a beautiful Sunday evening and grabbed a few slices to avoid the long wait.  Sat outside at one of a few very small tables on the sidewalk.  The pizza is definitely worth the trip.  We look forward to ordering a whole pie next trip.   Glancing at food on other tables, hoagies looked huge and bountiful.   Can't wait to return to try the many options on their menu.   Cash only.   Small waiting area inside.  No phone to call and order.   Definitely worth the commitment.Food was great minus the Caesar salad (they forgot the croutons). Hoping they get their shit together soon though. No phones yet. Walked in and placed my order and was told it would be ready in 30 mins. An hour later my order was finally ready.Completely lives up to the hype. A week or so into being open and this place already stands out in a neighborhood with easily the best food scene in the city. Try anything and everything.The pizza is definitely worth trying. The lines have been crazy ever since it got a 9.1 review. There is no seating inside , its kore of a grab and go sort of place but its worth the hassleWe heard a lot about this from Facebook and wanted to try it. When we got there the line was down the street and about an hour wait. We came back later and only waited 40 mins. The pizza was great and I liked the cheese. The basil on top gave it amazing flavor. Great place.Just tried Angelo's for the first time. Walked up, ordered the Diavlo and waited about 45 minutes for it.  The pizza was delicious.  I'd say it's the best pizza I've had in Philly to date.  If you have time to wait for the pizza, it's definitely worth it.Yes it's hot as shit in the shop ... yes it's cash only ... yes I was sad to see Sarcone 's sandwich shop go...but this place has one of the best pizzas/steak/chicken cutlet subs under one roof in Philly. And for how busy it gets it's very fast.Service- super genuine and friendly, prompt.
Pizza? I got the UPSIDE DOWN JAWN. It's in all caps because it weighed like 30lbs and was outrageously delicious. Thick dense deep dish, tangy sweet red sauce, stringy high end mozzarella cheese, caramelized crispy crust. 
Hands down best pizza in the city. 9.2 non rookie score everyone knows the rules
FYI- one pie basically feeds a family of 50.
Oh- to the weirdos complaining about seating- welcome to Philly.FUCK, THAT'S DELICIOUS (the show was filming the day I went).
The title of the show perfectly describes the food here. Angelo's is takeout only, but don't let that fool you. They don't have a phone, so expect there to be a line. I went at an "off" time around 3pm on a Saturday (not typically lunchtime or dinner time), and it was packed. There is a counter along the front window and one wall in the front and a few tables outside, so you can eat in if there's room. The line moved quickly, and the wait wasn't too long (30 minutes for a thick specialty pizza and a sandwich). 
We ordered the Upside Down Jawn with pepperoni and mushrooms and a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and roasted peppers. The pizza was incredible, and the sandwich was one of the best roast pork sandwiches I've had (at least at a takeout place).
The (specialty) pizza was thick and square. There was something about the sauce that just tasted better than other restaurants' sauces. Even the (imported) pepperoni was delicious. The crust is thick and crunchy. 
I can't wait to come back and try something else.Had the pizza here before and it was really good and I'm not a big pizza fan. Today we got cheesesteaks they where so so but the onions where to thick and that what makes a cheesesteak but not all thick it's not right. Also got some fries they weren't done! For 37.00 they need to step up their game.Miraculously found a parking spot right across the street. My boyfriend and I got two large classic pizzas and, once we were back in the car, agreed to have just one slice before we drove home. 
Yeah...that didn't work. We inhaled the first pie, it was so perfectly crispy- definitely try Angelo's if you appreciate quality pizza! 
Like everyone else has said, they are cash only and you can't call ahead (but it's so worth it)Maybe best pizza I've ever had!  In town for lacrosse tournament, friend recommended Angelo's as best pizza in town.  Off the chain!My sister and I got the Upside-down Jawn. This place was pretty hyped up by other reviewers and had the long line to back it up. The pie amounted to a Sicilian slice when it was all said and done. Great for a 1 time visit, not worth adding this to your favs unless you live within walking distance. 
Reminded me of Kate & Al's at Columbus Famers Market in S. Jersey. If your in Columbus, NJ on RT. 206, stop in and get a cheaper slice.My son had tried this place once before and raved about it so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I looked it up and saw they only had take out and no phone number to preorder.  When we got there a sign was posted up front "cash only" as well but had about 10 people waiting for food on a Tuesday night, so it must be good...right?  I have tasted pizza from just about everywhere Philly, New York, Chicago and this pizza at Angelo's is in a league of it's own.  It was cooked perfectly, pepperoni was crispy and slightly burned on the edges, the crust was like a taste of heaven.  Get this pizza, it's a game changer!!!I don't have to write much. Just go. Go get yourself some grandmom pie and a cheesesteak. It will change your life. It'll be hard to get pizza elsewhere after this. And their bread- their bread for their cheesesteak is ten stars! I can just have that and be happy but to think of combining it with cheese and steak brings me pure joy.Best pizza and cheesesteak in town. We hope it stays under-the-radar but it's too good not to share about. Limited outdoor seating so we do take-out. TIP: cash only and you can't order ahead, so make sure you have 20-30 minutes to kill when you arrive because you'll have to wait while they make the pizza!Awesome Pizza and Delicious cheesesteaks! Staff are always polite and on top of their game, even when the crowds get big for ordering.Delicious pizza! We ordered the upside down jawn with pepperoni which cost $28. The pizza weighed about 4 pounds and was HUGE! 
We went around 5PM on a Saturday and there were a decent amount of people there. It is cash only. After ordering, I waited about 30-40 mins for my pizza. Well worth the weight.We came here on 5/27/19 because Johns roast pork was closed. We ordered a couple of slices, a cheesesteak, and the PFD sandwich. When we came in they were cutting up peppers in the back. 
We tried a plain slice and a grandma slice. The plain slice was good. The ingredients are clearly fresh. The bottom half of the slide was very good- it has a great crunch leading up to the crust. It's not crispy to the point where you feel like you're eating a cracker (which in my opinion is good). It's crispy while still having the fresh and soft doughy taste. It's a good slice, but not great. 
The grandma slice was out of this world. The sauce is is done very well and it has a perfect crisp throughout. It's the best grandma slice I've ever had. 
What surprised me the most was the cheesesteak. The bread it comes on is fresh and has a great crunch to it without being overly crunchy. We had American cheese and it was melted throughout the entire cheesesteak, which is so much better than places which puts the cheese on just the top or bottom of the sand which. The steak was cut into slices and didn't dry out. I prefer when the steak is a little bit thinner, but this worked and was fine. I was a little disappointed with the amount of meat on the sandwhich. There were moments where I was just biting into bread and cheese. This was a very good cheesesteak and in my opinion could challenge my favorite cheesesteak (Johns) with a couple of minor improvements. As I noted before, the bread quality here helps take the sandwhich to a different level than most cheesesteaks. 
The PFD was of very high quality. The mozarella is clearly fresh and I assumed was house made with how fresh it was. The chicken cutlet was breaded beautifully and is presented perfectly golden. It also had artichokes, prosciutto, and balsamic. 
All in all, this is a very, very good restaurant. The pizza is very good and the cheesesteak was surprisingly excellent. From what I saw of their menu, they incorporate the chicken cutlet into quite a few sandwiches which makes sense considering how great their chicken cutlet is. If you don't want the PFD because of how busy it is, they have simpler sandwiches featuring the chicken cutlet.Came here because we were looking for a tomato pie. Was trying to find it in the bakery on the same block but they were closed on Sunday early. So glad we checked this place out. There were many people in and out the small place constantly, which is always a good sign. We got the tomato pizza with no cheese. Yes, we were specifically looking for "marinara slice". It was beyond my expectations! The pie was very large and has tons of tomato sauce on it. It was not overly sweet and has nice roast garlic slice. We chowed down the whole pie with no problem and it was so delicious. Definitely recommend!I loved visiting the shop when they used to be in Haddonfield, NJ. Now I drive 25 minutes over the bridge for their Pizza and sandwiches, IT'S THAT GOOD!!!Update: lowered review by 2 starts. I stand by my 5 start rating of their cheesesteak. They lost the 2 stars for wasting my time. Drove 15 miles to here this past weekend with the family raving about the steaks only to be greeted by the kid taking orders telling customers that they were only serving pizza - no sandwiches or salads etc. Waste of a trip. If you plan on going here, you might want to call ahead to see if they're serving the other 80% of their menu.
*********
I can only review the cheesesteaks as that's all I've ever had here. It's going to be a very short and sweet review because I don't want it to be hyperbolic. 
I had a steak with the cooper sharp, broccoli rabe, and the house made stuffed long hots served on a Sarcone's roll.
It is the best cheesesteak I've had in all my 50+ years on earth. Everything about it is perfect.
It's a little bit pricier than most, but well worth it. They're pretty big so consider splitting one. There's not much seating, aside from a few tables outside, so be prepared to stand and eat or take it back to your car or home.Great grandma pie.. can't wait to try some of there sandwiches.. first class place .. everyone is so friendly..I highly recommend it..I grew up on this pie, I might be bias but if you're a barstool fan I'm giving it an 9.0. Homemade and delicious!I clearly need to come back for a second try because my first experience a while back sticks out in my mind considering the recent hype (not that I trust the Barstool reviews at all).   My first and only experience was definitely solid from a flavor perspective.  We got the standard plain pie.  The flavors were certainly very good from all components.  But the pizza was sloppy and messy with the cheesy falling off the pie and the crust was too flimsy.  When you put this next to a Beddia slice it's just not quite the same.  I think we may have just gotten an "off" pie because I doubt their reputation could be this good serving pizza like that.  I look toward to coming back and hopefully adding a star or two.Awesome pizza and awesome sandwiches. You can really tell they care about what they do here and only use the best ingredients. The grandma pie is my favorite of the pizzas I've had so far.Angelos relocated from Haddonfield, NJ to South Philly. From their pizzas to their sandwiches to their Sunday Gravy- everything is awesome! The owner, Danny, puts his heart into his business and it shows through his connection with the customers and desire to only serve the best food. Try it out, you won't regret it.Had an upside down jawn (pizza) and drunk cutlet (sandwich). The type of pizza we got was a square pie. It was absolutely delicious. The dough left a flakey crust that was light and delightful. There was the perfect blend of sauce with cheese. The sandwich was also really good. That specific sandwich had phenomenal cheese in it that helped put it over the top. 
Highly recommend. But try to go on a weekday to skip the long lines on the weekend.A good friend of mine has eaten lunch here everyday for two weeks. I said damn man that's excessive! So naturally when we were meeting up to exchange episodes of the new Swamp Thing series he suggested it as the spot. 
So we go in and we're behind some jerk off that is having a fit about how much his 10 topping pizza costs. Then he goes on to order another! It's cash only so he has to leave to go get more money. So in between his first large pie and his next it's our turn!
I felt bad for the lady at the counter so we made some conversation! She gave me a free slice because she thought the first one she gave me was too small! Pretty cool! 
It goes to show that there is really no reason for you to be rude to someone who has a service job. These jobs are often very hard work and normally underpaid/under appreciated. So what do you really get out of being a dick?
The actual pizza was puuuuurfect! Pepperonis so thin they curl when cooked. Perfect amount of sauce on a thin crust. The crust had som great crisp to it. I was like oh this is why he's been here every day for two weeks. 
I wish this spot was closer to me. Unfortunately I'll only be able to have it when I'm in the south. 
If you live south get at this place!
Is 9th street magical? It always has the best pizza places.Honestly, the best pizza I've ever had. Went early before they opened and there was already a line... ordered pretty quickly and the food was ready in 30 minutes.Came on a Sunday afternoon, and though it looked like a decent line, people were actually just waiting for their pizzas to be made. Walked right up to the counter to order. 
Went for the Upside Down Jawn. $24 without toppings, but it was a big, heavy pie that could comfortably feed four. It was tasty, but not particularly unique. Didn't seem particularly upside down, but oh well. It was unfortunately a bit undercooked so parts of the dough were too soft, but the edges were nice and crispy. Actually enjoyed it more when it cooled off a bit and cheese congealed so that the dough wasn't as soggy. 
Also be prepared to wait. We were told it would be 30-35 minutes and it was closer to 40, so prepare to wait. Cash only! Atm inside.
Lower health score makes me nervous...I think I'm in love with seeded rolls . Lately I've been trying to find the best tacos and the best Italian sandwiches. So I'm randomly into Chicken Cutlets now. Roasted Red Peppers, BroccoliRabe, EVOO, FreshMozzarella, ShavedParmesan and the JYS hoagie w/ SlicedTurkey, prosciutto,  sauteedspinach, roasted red peppers, provolone, mozzarella, red wine vinegar, and dryherbs.
Angelo's bread is amazing and the ingredients are top notch and top notch. I'll rave about the pizza in another review. @foodielifemacI've been here once before and had the PFD sandwich.. it was fantastic.  The two stars comes from my visit tonight where I arrived at 6:30pm and they and they were out of bread for sandwiches. It's a pizza and sandwich place.. 75% of your menu is sandwiches.. and you don't close until 9pm .. oh and it's a long weekend.. it doesn't add up!  Fortunately for me.. I didn't have that trying of a time finding parking but it's impossible to park around that area for the most part.. so there's that.  However.. they don't have a phone so you can't call to get updates either.. communication is only vis their social media.. and at the time arrived.. there was nothing on their social media to state that they were only serving pizzas. So they get 2 stars for terrible customer service.  Honestly.. I don't see why more people aren't coming at their necks about this.  The owner really needs to address these issues.Had grandma pie and regular pie with pepperoni. Both were top notch. This is some of the best pizza I've ever had. Of note, there's nowhere in the place to sit and eat, just some counter space. Parking in the area is sparse and there's no phone to call ahead, so this isn't the easiest place to get pizza from, but if you're on the fence I can confirm that this place is worth the extra effortThe pizza is very good, but the sandwiches are the real stars of the show. Best sandwiches in Philly hands down. They are pricey, but they are really big and worth every penny!Well worth the wait. Yes it's cash only and they don't have a phone. Bringing it back old school! (Don't be a strapper) Take out only. We got a pizza and two sandwiches. That pizza. My god. It was so fresh and the dough. I can't. Not to mention it stayed hot (temperature wise) forever. Can't wait to make many trips back hereUpdate:  Went back.  Definitely better than my first experience in terms of being less floppy and messy.  Still think it's great but not amazing.  Too thick and doughey.  Without toppings I also found it to be a bit bland.  If it was close by and didn't require waiting 45 mins and eating outside I'd definitely go more often, but it's not quite worth it for me.  3.5/5 is more what I'm leaning toward.Angelo's pizzeria is the best place for Philly cheesesteak EVER. I tired there cheesesteak with every thing on it and it was amazing every thing was cooked well and also taste amazing!!Omg ! Cheesesteak with cooper sharp .... phenomenal .... that upside down jawn .... wow .. so goodSorry but this place doesn't deserve the hype. It's BS actually and I hate to be the first s*** storm to come down on this place but someone has to. Here we go:
1. No phone number to call to place an order for delivery/takeout OR ask if they are "out of dough" (more on that below. Forcing you to walk/drive there.
2. Cash only establishment.
3. Tried going 3 times here during normal dinner hours only to get turned down due to "we are closed early tonight" or "we're out of pizza dough..."
4. The only time I did manage to place an order the cashier recommended I get a cheese steak ("because that what they are known for in Philly").
5. The cheese steak was filled with onions, peppers, mushrooms and cheese. There was very little meat - almost non existent. 
6. If you do walk down there and get lucky enough that they have dough... get ready to wait another 45 minutes for them to make the pizza. Bonus: there is a nice park across the street you can wait at (I'm a nice person I promise). 
I do want to try the pizza as I've heard good things. But that's clearly impossible. 
I get the whole exclusive, marketing approach this place is trying to pull off but seriously this place is clearly only here to waste my time and yours. Good luck.Now that Barstool has reviewed it, this place has blown up in popularity. Our first try was on a Friday evening, they had run out of dough by 630. We tried again on a Thursday night. We got there by 6 o'clock, placed our order, and they ran out of dough 5 minutes later. We waited about 25 minutes for our cheese pizza. There's no place to sit while you wait. There are three two seater tables to eat at outside but we just ate in the backseat of our car. All this sounds miserable but it's worth it I promise! The pizza is amazing and it's a must eat on the Philly pizza list. When we go back we will be trying one of their delicious looking chicken cutlet sandwichesBest pizza in Philly. Don't bother going anywhere else. Expect long wait time and they only take cash. It's worth the wait.After trying Angelo's once I immediately thought to myself - why would i EVER bother eating any other pizza in Philly??
Their pepperoni upside down jawn is ridiculous with a crisp crust and a chewy smooth fluffy interior. The sauce is mild and the cheese is perfectly salty and gooey. Their pepperonis are out of this world (tiny thick ones). Each slice is super filling so I'm sure a large could feed a family!
After COVID they are accepting phone orders ONLY, they'll call you when the pizza is ready to pick up, and you can swing by and pay in cash. Cash only. 
Will be back soon. Silver lining of COVID: Angelos takes phone orders!!Good pizza horrible service.. they think they are hip for not having a phone. Went to go get pizza they entire pizza making machine were down.. lost my parking spot because they don't have a phone or let people know on social media..Had the roast pork wit spinach and sharp. And the sandwich "The tiny" delicious! Highly recommend this place. If your lookin for authentic s philly , they got it!  That's all that needs to be said.Ok ok ...the hype got me but the hype was also real...wow how did it take me this long to try this spot...order a chicken cheese steak a regular cheese steak and a pizza...ingredients are super fresh and highest of quality...this roll they use wow...I said a prayer while I was eating it cause it only felt right ...this spot is a must try rain or shine I'll wait in this lineStopped by Angelo's this afternoon and I wasn't disappointed!  I had the 'TINY'. I'm torn as to what was my favorite part of this sandwich.  Their roll was perfectly crusty but chewy, roasted reds were sweet and full of flavor.  Basil pesto added a touch of freshness too.  Can't wait to stop back and try another.This pizza and sandwich joint is the truth. The taste is amazing and the pies were better than Italy,The cheesesteak on fresh garlic bread was totally a foodgasmPhenomenal. Inhaled the pie vice liquid courage, says a lot about the quality.My wife and I stopped here for a bite to eat while visiting. We were very impressed with it. The pizza was great. The reviews are mixed, although if you're chill and want great pizza, this is a solid option.Strong 4, close to 5. Very accommodating - they quartered my requested toppings even though they typically won't. Not the cheapest pie around but not close to the most expensive and the superior ingredients are easily recognizable in the flavor. Only had the Grandma and it was close to being worth the 40 minute wait. I second the calls for a phone or online ordering option. All in all, worth the wait for quality pizza.They make the best hoagies ever made from fresh spinach, mushrooms, peppers...   They bake their own bread and brilliantly score it so it's the crustiest bread I have had.  Their pizza looks great too. 
I order a make your own up - Spinach, red peppers, long hots, mushrooms and coopers sharp cheddar.New pizzeria that relocated from Haddonfield. We tried a grandma's pie with pepperoni and a tomato pie. Both were great - it looked like some of their Jersey customers followed them across the bridge - the place was packed on its first Saturday night.
We'll be back.Amazing bread baked on site.  Great sandwiches.  Amazing pizza- esp the grandma pie.  
Worth the trip.One of the coolest experiences I've seen at a restaurant. Waited from start to finish half a hour. Line of like 20 people before me. So that Is very good. Got a basic cheese pie that was outstanding. It was good ingredients, typically at pizza places cheese slides right off the pizza not here it was perfect. Also got a chicken parm hoagie, I haven't had a wow bite in a long time but it happened when I took a bite. Everything from the bun to the ingredients in the sandwich was great. That seeded roll was fantastic
Definitely will be back highly recommendREALLY tasty pizza. Crisp but not crumbly crust, delicious sauce and cheese. I got the Square thin pie with hot sausage and long hots as toppings, which definitely gave it a good kick. This pizza tastes more real/less gourmet. Just the way I like it. Nice job!!Cash only. Take out only. Does not deliver. Has no phone number listed. Great little shop with great food. Pizzas are really good , so are the sandwiches.  Fast no nonsense service when I went.Was told about this place about a month ago and finally made it to Angelo's Pizza and the food was delicious!
5 The Communion - Fresh chicken cutlet, spinach, mushrooms, covered in white cheese sauce. Everything was Devine.
5 Upside Down Jawn w/Pepperoni- Thick Crust square pie pizza w/sauce on top of the cheeseAlways a long line and no seating, but the pizza is worth the wait.
I've had the upside down jawn and the grandmas. Grandma's is awesome.
I can't want to try the sandwiches.Quite an authentic pizzeria, but unfortunately with a broken mixer at the time of my visit. 
For a 32 minute wait to get 2 sandwich orders and fries, Cash Only, and the Hot interior with poor A/C and lack of sitting room, I'd give this establishment a 3/5.
Setting: My two friends and I came in with empty stomachs and great hopes for pizza. Plastered all along the walls there were signs of Broken Mixer, no pizza until further notice. Our hearts sank along with the beating hot sun. Unfortunately we were stuck ordering sandwiches, which the wait made quite disappointing. 
Ambience: Functioning like a well oiled machine, the two cashiers took order after order and people literally flooded in for a solid 20 minutes in a continuous fashion. 
Food: We waited for 32 minutes for our Karen and Philly Food Dude sandwiches, even though dozens of others had shorter waits. 
The Karen - prosciutto overlying lovely arugula, tomato and chicken. The bread was a little on the thick side for me, but overall it was quite refreshing and quite the hefty portion size.
The PFD - I felt had been a bit dry, I liked the sauce, but felt slightly disappointed.
The fries were like a classic skinny fry with a nice balance of salt and crisp.
Tips/Takeaways:
-I will have to return when the pizza does too, as per all the rave recommendations
-For the wait on a hot sunny day in a hot mostly take-out restaurant, I'm unsure how often I would re-attempt that again...
-Overall, I'd recommend a return every 8 months for a classic, hefty, sandwich.Really Really good, except they don't have a phone so pre-ordering is not an option!You won't meet someone who cares as much about their craft as Danny (the owner). I've been to the original location in NJ and the new spot on 9th St and the only thing that has changed is the location. The quality of the food is top notch, as he uses only the highest quality ingredients and he will not serve something unless he's confident in it. The guy stands by his work and there is a reason there is a line out the door and that they run out of dough for pizzas before closing. It is THAT good.
Some tips, it's cash only, some come prepared or use the ATM in house, and you cannot call ahead to order (as of me writing this 8/15/2019), so just know you may have to wait in line to place your order and then for your food to be cooked. Trust me, it's well worth the wait.Just ordered a margarita pizza and a cheesesteak. Cheesesteak is great like always. The pizza is cold! Like not the slightest bit hot. The cheese is actually hard. I only drove maybe 10 blocks with it. I went in half hour before they closed. I hope they didn't give me a pizza they already had sitting there but what else could I assume? I'd call to complain but they don't have a phone. So I will be stopping in there after the weekend to make a formal complaint.Amazing! Pizza was super delicious. Caren Hoagie was really good tooAbsolute best place in Philly. I grew up in Haddonfield and have had the privilege of eating Danny's delicious food for years. The line is always long, but it's worth it.  Plan your day around a visit to Angelo's and trust me you won't be dissappointed.  Best cheesesteak in Philly, hands down. Upside down jawn is like nothing is this world. Perfect crust, perfect cheese to sauce ratio.  Unreal. Run, don't walk.I went here to get the pizza....and let me tell ya. It ain't worth the money. 32 for a bunch of grease. I don't understand why guys think this is the best pizza in philly. If you in Neighborhood and stopped by then it's okay to eat there. But I won't go out my way for the pizza. I am going to give this place one more try and get a sandwich from there. Hopefully that's betterSome of the best pizza and sandwiches in South Philly and perhaps the city. I knew it was too good to be true when this place opened in SJ a few years ago. I considered it one of the area's best kept secrets but it was only a matter of time and once word got out, it was all over. Angelo's gained notoriety for both their mouthwatering pizza and hot and cold sandwiches served on a freshly, baked roll from the infamous Sarcone's Bakery. 
Well, some time has passed and so has Angelo's in Haddonfield, NJ but the name, reputation and legacy lives on in South Philly at the corner of Fitzwater and 9th Street in the heart of the Italian market. 
There's no phone to call ahead, no room to sit, no cash accepted, parking can be a challenge and you can always expect a line. All of these things should contribute to a less than stellar experience, but when you finally sink your teeth into a slice of their crispy Grandma pizza bursting full of fresh tomatoes and whole milk mozzarella, cheesesteak with Cooper Sharp American, or loaded roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe, you just seem to...fuggedaboutit!This place had been pumped up majorly by my boyfriend as the best pizza place around, so I went in with high expectations.  We searched for a place to park for about 10 mins before he dropped me off to put order in.  The place was packed with people waiting: no chairs or tables inside.  I was about to place order and I realize it's cash only and I don't have enough cash on me, also they don't take phone orders.  So, I wait for my boyfriend to find a spot and come in to order.  We get a cheese & inside out pie, a brussel sandwich, and a sandwich with chicken cutlets and long hots.  It took about 35 mins to get the food.  We ended up eating half our sandwiches in the car.  To me the sandwiches stole the show.  I loved the brussel sprouts with the chicken cutlets and fresh parm, and the long hots one (I tried a bite, a little hot for me but very good).  Only complaint would be I wish the cutlets weren't pounded quite so thing.  Unfortunately, we didn't eat the pizza until we got back to the house, and it was good, but not all it was cracked up to be, to me anyway.  I think maybe eating it right away would've of course been better.  All in all I like this place, and would go here if I was already in the area, but not really for a special trip there.Cheesesteaks are amazing. They make their own bread fresh daily! Plenty of steak coded with cheese throughout the sandwich. Going to go out on a limb and call it the best cheesesteak in philly. Pizza is also awesome and a must try!Amazing pizza, the stuffed Long hots are out of this world good, I put them on my roast pork sandwich. Which also was deliciousFood here is great and very, very popular. Quality is great and there are a lot of options. 
The wait for food can be a while but it's worth it.
The reasons this doesn't get ***** derive from the hassles of actually going here but I guess that's part of the charm and what makes it special. 
There is no designated parking and street parking is very, very scarce. I highly recommend ubering/lyfting. Also, there's no phone to order ahead so the long wait and lack of parking are more of a problem than they need to be. There is limited seating outside that is often full. Lastly, they close for holidays and vacations (which is great and I totally honor) and I have seen many customers show up to be left with a paper sign saying they are closed for the day or week. Without a phone, it can be hard to check their availability. However, they have social media where I think they update their hours. Definitely recommend checking before making the trip!The food is not strong. Chicken Parma is weak, fries are uninspiring. Nice outdoor seating, and had the place not come with so many plaudits, maybe it would get 3 stars. But as of now, with amazing pizza options near by (Santucci's is great, and Little Italy is solid) this place is one you can avoidSo I loved the pfd and upside down jawn when they were in Haddonfield...have not had a chance to come in to get stuff off the normal menu as I only came in during the Italian market festival and got an upside down slice since there was wait in reg pies and the meatball sandwich I think with broccoli rabe.  I need to come back to retry the sandwich's and pies along with whatever specials may rollout.  But would say this is one of philly best pizza spots with the bonus of awesome sandwiches.  Cash only  first come first serveGot the Italian hoagie and square pie. Really enjoyed both. The wait was about 20-25 minutes on a Wednesday around 6pm so definitely factor that in on your next visit. No delivery/carry out but hoping that's coming soon. Cash only with an ATM inside. We appreciated the outdoor seating while waiting for our food. It has a great neighborhood feel and is the perfect addition to the area. Highly recommend!This is our new favorite pizza place in the city. The moment you walk into the place you can smell how good everything is. We got the diavola and the trenton pies (beware: the diavola was much spicier than we were expecting and the leftovers were even spicier day by day). I really can't say enough about how good the crust is. It's got a chewiness but also a flakiness quality that makes it just melt in your mouth. We also tried the mondo sandwich which was made with a sarcone's seed loaf, which was so good. But gotta give credit to the chicken cutlets in the sandwich which were thin and lightly breaded. Really made the sandwich. Will be back for more again and again.
Side note: I follow these guys on instagram and I really respect how they run their business. It's a family-run joint and you can tell they really care about their customers and the quality of the food they produce. So glad they brought this place in to Philly!That was a helluva a pork sandwich. You can't eat the entire thing, and the bread is so damn good , you want to eat it all. The funniest thing is Danny opened up 100 feet from Sarcones and he still makes his own rolls. I get it now. He knows how to bake! Impressive. The pizza is amazing too.Pizza is so good, I cracked an egg on the leftovers and ate it for breakfast 3-days later and it was still amazing. 
Tomato Pie w/ Garlic & Basil
6th Man: Half Pepperoni / Half Sweet Peppers
So happy they moved into the city, and they are close to South Philly. They are super friendly. Sauce was fragrant, the whole drive home was a delight. Ratio's were all on point.Angelo's is the real deal pizza - I can't describe it any better than El Presidente  or these glowing reviews before mine. I selfishly and stupidly held off on reviewing this place because I knew it would blow up but then barstool steps in and they're quickly the hottest place pizza place in PA.
The grandmas pizza is a can't miss - I always add the imported pepperoni - gives it a nice little kick and those little babies curl up and hold some of that grease - YUM.
Yeah sometimes they run out - sometimes it's earlier than later but can you imagine if they had a phone? You'd never get a pizza, they'd be sold out by 2! Yeah no phone sucks - but they're not being pretentious about it - they don't only make 40 pizzas they make as much as they possibly can and are pretty diplomatic - first come - first served.
Don't just stop at the pizza though, their hoagies are one of the best as well! They make their own bread and load them up with high quality ingredients. 
I'm hoping to make a catering order for my office in the coming weeks - I'll update this review with how that goes! Oh and also - check out their insta stories- boys are fucking hysterical. I was DEVASTATED when Sarcone's deli closed and never imagined it would be replaced so easily!A lot of places do not live up to the hype, this is not one of them. Everything I have tried here were made perfectly , with quality ingredients. 
       People have waited in line for over an hour to get their pizzas, today I received my sandwiches in five minutes and the pizza within 20 minutes of placing my order. 
         First the sandwiches, my Hoagie was absolutely the best I have ever had hands down. The roll could not have been baked over an hour before it was filed with fresh tasty lunch meats. The tomato's tasted fresh like summer, lettuce crisp and fresh and it was perfectly seasoned with olive oil and oregano and onions. 
         The chicken parm also on the same bread was cooked perfectly. The breading was crunchy and the cutlet was moist and flavorful the Parmesan cheese was just right and the gravy covering it all was just like Nonna made it. These have to be the best sandwiches in the city. 
            Each one of the pizzas were cooked perfectly, considering the volume of business they have been doing this is remarkable. The crusts were carefully made and held the high quality cheese and more of that excellent sauce topped with fresh basil  
               I can not wait to go back and try some of the other sandwiches and pizzas.Picked the worst day to drive to South Philly, it was pouring rain, but I was glad I made the trip.  You can't order ahead, and cash only.  When I placed my order I asked how long and they told me 15-20minutes.  20 minutes later I got the big Lou; a white pie with sweet sausage, red onion and different cheeses on their fresh made dough.  The Brussels Simmons; chicken cutlet, fresh mozzarella, roasted Brussels sprouts, with prosciutto, shaved Grana Padano and a balsamic glaze on a freshly baked seeded roll and an Italian hoagie on the same killer roll. The pizza was a decent size, enough for 2-3.  The sandwiches were stuffed !' This is the kind of place I'm looking for.  Attention to detail does not go unnoticed and the best, freshest ingredients are evident when you taste their offerings. House made bread/pizza dough.  Freshly made mozzarella, the list goes on.  Keep doing your thing guys, great job!Wow!  This spot was amazing. We had the Pietro. The crust was perfect, toppings so flavorful. The bay fries were also very good. FYI: pizza is quite large. Could feed 4- value buy!Excellent food. The sandwiches are so good. They use great, crunchy, seeded loaves.  The Cheese steak is solid though at times can be heavy on the cheese and at other times right in the money.  The drunk cutlet is AWESOME.  Having to order in person, with no phone for a call in however is not so awesome.  They are obviously doing well but it's less than enjoyable to have to order that way.  It's also generally 15 minutes from the time you order a sandwich (even a meat ball sub- which is just dropping meatballs into a roll- though it is maybe the best meatball sub I've had from the little Italy area here) to the time you get it.  So give yourself time and if you have the time, it's worth it. Cash only. No real seating to speak of except two seater tables outside.Went to Angelo's the Sunday after they reopened earlier in the week, from their unfortunate post-launch fire. 
Arrived early afternoon ~1pm and there were already plenty of customers (although no line) and orders currently in the works. I was quoted 30min. for my order to be ready (the guy taking orders/manning the register was a great guy and total pro). I ran a couple errands (for some cannoli) and when I returned exactly 30min. later, my food was ready, as promised (off to a good start!). 
Now the important part...
THE FOOD:
My order:
-Cheesteak, Cooper sharp w/ onions
-The "PFD" sandwich
-The "Looch" sandwich
- "Upside down jawn" pizza, half pepperoni
(All sandwiches served on famous Sarcone's seeded roll, one of my favorite in the entire Northeast). 
The cheeseteak was great. Good steak portion, quality meat. 
The two chicken cutlet sandwiches were amazing. You can taste the quality. You can tell everything is handmade and nothing is frozen. The chicken cutlets themselves are beautiful - perfectly thin (like grandma made), nice light breading, flavorful, not fried too dark or dried out. Portion was big, about 2 cutlets per sandwich, cut up. Secondly, the mozzarella is homemade and delicious. Has a great firmness/texture and flavor. The other components of the sandwiches were equally high-quality. 
The specific pizza I ordered was a thicker crust variety. The dough was really impressive. The really nailed this, a delicious (sourdough?) starter that you can tell spent some time developing. Both in flavor and subsequent bubbling, etc. yielded impossibly dense yet airy crust, with great ratio of at bubbles, deep flavors and perfect sponginess with exterior crispness. I love bread and this was one of the finest examples I've come across. 
The rest of it was great too obviously, flavorful stringy mozzarella, tangy tomato sauce, fresh basil, and my favorite example of pepperoni - the tiny kind that "cups" the grease when baked. 
In summary, if I had to describe Angelo's in two words those would be "quality" and "fresh". Their quality ingredients sets them apart. You can honestly tell the owner loves this food and doesn't sacrifice anywhere. Portions were generous, prices were fair. I assume they're still working out some kinks with operations (and hopefully accepting credit cards soon) but their food is already flawless. 
I wish the owner, family, and employees all the best and I cannot wait for my next visit (I will definitely be a regular!)This place is awesome! My Mom went in here and ordered a bunch of food as she was having people over later...my parents live in Sea Isle so there is no food like this down there. We had the drunken chicken Parm, meatball parm, a1a, Italian hoagie, cheesesteak and the upside down jawn. Everything was great, especially the meatball and pizza! The person who took her order was so nice she said and when she went back to pick it up he carried everything out to the car for her. I believe it was the owner. I highly recommend Angelo's, best sandwiches and pizza in South Philly!Best pizza as far as I know. Service is great and quality is off the freakin chain!!!!!!. I drive 30 mins weekly to and from just to pickup an upside down jawn.Best pizza ever!  I NEVER write reviews on here but this is an exception. I live right across the street from this place and would constantly see lots of people in and out all the time. I looked up Angelo's on Yelp and saw all the 5-star reviews and decided to try it. OMG! Soooooo good! I got the cheese pizza with pepperoni and long hots. Amazing. Looking forward to go back ASAP.There's a reason why the lines and wait times are consistently long. The pizza has a hearty, delicious, chewy crust. Angelo's and Pizzeria Stella are my top pizza joints. But the real star here? The cheesesteak!
I've tried Pat's (no thanks), Geno's (no thanks), Tony Luke's (okay), John's (good), and Jim's (good), among others. Angelo's is my favorite of the bunch.
Some may not like the wait or the way they operate, but the food is worth it.One of a kind sandwiches and amazingly fresh pizza. Staff is friendly and food is fairly priced. Definitely will be returning. Drunk cutlet is my favorite sandwich.Pretty disappointed there were no tables.  Took my wife and kid only to find out it's take out only.  It was packed and there was a line.  When I actually get to eat the pizza I'll update the review.  But for now I find it super annoying, hard to get to, no parking in the Italian market ever and they don't offer delivery.  
Pizza was pretty good but probably wouldn't go through the rigmarole to have it.  Wouldn't kick it out of bed though.Very good pizza... cash only.  And call ahead for pizza.  We stopped by to grab a snack before an early dinner and ended up eating two slices each... they only sell by full pie and if not because of the early dinner would have down the entire pie.
Really good!!!  And will be back next time we are in town!Angelo's is one of my go to spots when visitors come to philly.  In the heart of South Philly's Italian Market and it represents the neighborhood well.  In my opinion the pizza is one of the best in the city.  The Upside Down Jawn is a unique pizza that isn't your traditional Sicilian pie.  The cheese it's perfectly under the sweet sauce with a touch of fresh basil and parmesan on top. You also can't go wrong with a perfectly crafted hot sandwich on Angelo's Fresh Rolls.  The drunk cutlet is a go to favorite, but the cheese steak with cooper cheese is a game changer.  Look at all that cheese!This pizza is damn good. You can tell it's made with care, great ingredients, a chewy crust that is baked until it is barely blistered and topped with fresh park and basil. I really liked their thick cut pepperoni. I'm looking forward to trying their other pizzas and subs which look awesome. 
They don't have a phone number, so you gotta just go there. Cash only.The L&B of Philadelphia. This is the only place that makes a thick, Sicilian style pizza like L&B, with one of the lightest, airiest pizza crusts. The pizza is so thick and I can still have 4 slices and not feel too full. The cheese they use is a typical low moisture and I would prefer if they grated more Parmesan on it. The sauce is delicious, naturally sweet, basic, no spices or anything on it, just pure tomato. Whenever I'm in Philly, this is the only place I go to.Intriguing Pizza shop on the street I frequent most in South Philly. Outstanding bread is used for their pies and the place is always packed. Warning - they do not serve slices on weekends so your looking at mininum $16 for a plain pie, I got two toppings and it ran me a little over $24.
There pizza is worth trying however the pie I got did not meet my standards as I like my pies with ample and tasty pizza sauce. The sandwiches I hear are spectucular and I will return to try them however as far as the pies I would go with a speciality pie next time and update review accordingly. 
Ever since this neighborhood joint was reviewed by barstool and the clip went viral there has been a line around the block so expect a 30-45 minute wait on average.
It is up to you if you are willing to wait in the jam packed smokey interior with no seating. Next time I go I am going to play it smart and hit a neigborhood bar while I wait and pro tip you can bring your pie to Garage Bar and eat it as they do not offer food.OMG!!!!!! Their grandma pie!!!!!! 
Family owned hole in the wall place that's to die for. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.Best sandwiches ! Drunken cutlet is to die for!!! You can get two meals out of it or easily split it between two people. Vodka sauce, chicken cutlet, fresh mozzarella, ricotta, alll on a seeded roll. It's amazing GO GO GOSo after the great reviews I seen and heard from closed friends I decided to give it a try. I ordered the grandmom. Side note: I haven't had pizza in a very long time (keto diet). A week off keto and on family vacation I decided to stopped by Angelo's. I wasn't amazed, it was good but my expectation Was in higher levels and it didn't really meet  my expectations. Again it's good pizza but noT amazing.  I have had real Italian pizza while living in the Dominican Republic (yes the DR) over 20years ago and  I still can't find nothing that compares to that childhood pizza. I would certainly go back to Angelo's because I liked the pizza but next time with A lower expectation.Danny makes the best pizza and cheesesteaks and follows proper protocol.  Don't mind the negative reviews if there ever are any, people are strictly hating.  Eat here atleast 3 times a week only thing wrong with me is I'm getting fatIt's simply the best. Whether you're ordering the chicken parm, the fried meatball sandwich, a cold cut hoagie, pizza (grandma style or otherwise), or making your own sandwich, this is the best sandwich shop in philly. Hands down. Doesn't come close. You're losing if you come to philly and don't eat here.1st - I consider myself a professional pizza taste tester!!
2nd- if you don't go here then you are selling yourself short. I can't explain how good the pizza was today. This is hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. We ordered a pepperoni pizza and a plain pizza and both came out a little well done with extra basil on it.......wow!!!! If heaven is making pizzas then 9th and fitzwater is the spot. Parking is the only bad thing about this place so I  recommend you bring someone with you to get out and get the food while you drive around the block. Enjoy my friends!!!!Great pizza place. It's so hard to find a true italian pizzeria in the U.S. They had great service: I asked if they had eggs as a topping and the cashier said no but then the chef said "yes we can do anything you want!". The only thing is that their toppings selection is very small. They don't have olives or ham, they only have maybe 10 toppings. I would still recommend it because it was true italian pizza!Best pizza you'll ever get. Worth it for the money. Huge portion and AMAZING INGREDIENTSBy far the best pizza I've had! Theres no number or delivery service which can be a pain, but its well worth the wait.Angelo's has been on our list for a little while now because so many people rave about it. We finally tried it last night and were not disappointed!
We called around 6:30pm on a Thursday to order a margherita pizza -- by then, they were out of sandwich rolls and only had dough for round pies and were closing up at 7pm. This was totally fine for us, but something worth sharing as it sounds like they are a popular spot with limits on what they can/will serve in a day so don't delay getting your order in. $22 for a pizza seemed like a lot, but I guess that's the price you pay for delicious pies.
We picked up our pizza and walked over to Hawthorne park on 12th and Catherine to eat it. It was so delicious. I am always a fan of a greasy slice and I tend to not be impressed by these types of wood fired pizzas but this was amazing. I felt like it captured a good mix of grease and artisanal pizza styles. I think I tasted some provolone, not just mozzarella? The sauce was delightful.
This is definitely my favorite pizza spot in the city as of right now, with Zio's coming in a hot second because I do favor the greasy pies and it's in my neighborhood. I'm sure we'll be back here!My husband has been following angelos on social media and talking it up for monthssss. I'm definitely the one that's harder to please when it  comes to food so I thought, "meh, how good could it be?" 
Really fucking good.
We got the Philly good dude sandwich and it did notttt disappoint. My husband lovessss bread and I usually take out half the bread on any sandwich cuz I find it to be too much bread. Not this one. I read about how good the house made bread was on reviews, and let me tell you, it was not overhyped. It was just right. The bread was perfect - soft inside, flaky outside and not dense or heavy. The fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinegar, chicken cutlet and arugula were the perfect combo of savory and fresh. I loved every bit of that sandwich and can not wait to try more of Angelos menu!It's worth the wait. It really is! This is some of the best pizza I have ever had. Unfortunately there is a long wait 40-60 min usually and not many table to sit. Dobro forget to bring cash!I came here based on a recommendation from a local, and Angelo's did not disappoint.  This is the best pizza I have had in Philly so far and I have had a lot.  When you walk in it does not look like much but the crowd in the tiny customer waiting area is a great indication they make good food.  We ordered the 16" pizza with hot sausage and pepperoni, with a hot red sauce.  The highlight is the crust and the sausage was also amazing.  They also offer a series of cheese steak sandwiches, pizzas, and even salads.   They use Sarcone's rolls on their sandwiches which is a big plus.  I will definitely be back and fully recommend Angelo's.Incredible. Round pie was superb. The square pie also awesome. We did the upside down jawn and the round pie. Once they run out of ingredients they shut it down. Old school in that sense and they do not compromise on quality. Love to see that stuff.This place is awesome. They are still ramping up to a full, legit operation. They don't even have a phone yet, but they are killing it. There is always a crowd waiting for their food. My favorite pizza in the neighborhood and we have 4 really good pizza joints all within 2 blocks.Greatest pizza place in Philadelphia. Angelo is a genius. He has a lot of competition in the area but they can't top his dopeness. He takes pizza to an entirely new level. Hoping prez comes to do a review cause he'd def rank it 9.9/10. (He don't ever do 10 after the Lil Caesar's incident). Recommend the Upside Down pie. Way to go Angelo please no more fires!HOLY COW. The best pizza in the world! The owner is the nicest guy! If you live in South Jersey or somewhat near by- it's ALWAYS worth the drive. Order early also! The upside down pizza is the BEST. I don't love crust but I eat every single last piece of this pizza every time. I'm salivating just thinking about it.The pizza is fantastic, but please get a phone. This neighborhood is filled with families who might not be able to wait around for an hour. It'd be nice to be able to order ahead by phone. Taking credit cards would be a nice thing too. Just sayin.Fire. That's it. Snag the grandma or OG slice pie. You can't go wrong with selecting either. Frankly, the sauce, basil, cheese IS FIRE FLAMES. 
Need to be quick with your call. Call before 5:30 to snag a pie or two for 6:30.In the grand scheme of things, it's just another meal. You put it in your mouth and it comes out of your anoos. I had the cheesesteak and it was actually better than I expected. The reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because of how the business currently operates. You have to call your order in, but it's busy 99% of the time. CASH ONLY is kind of shady but is quite normal along 9th street for I would have to assume nefarious reasons. Anyways, if you want to pay $15 for a better than average cheesesteak with the hassle of waiting around to my surprise a lot of people have time to do these days...have at it. I haven't tried the pizza yet, but even if it's better than average, Angelo's is a place you'll probably go on occasion which results in one-time customers vs those who will repeat. If you're eating at this place on the regular, it might not be the healthiest option for you and I would recommend consulting with your physician before continuing down that rabbit hole. Be well, Philadelphia.Thanks to that D-bag Portnoy, it's so hard to order a pizza here. Hands down, best pizza in philly. My go-to is the grandma pie with pepperoni and sausage. $30+ for a pizza is a little pricey but it's so worth it. Everything about their pizza is so good. Crispy crust, super savory sauce, crispy burnt cheese edges and loads of fresh basil.  
Their cheesesteaks are great too. Nice crispy bread. Will probably take 15+ tries to get through but it's worth it. Avoid the weekends.Best pizza in Philly. Best hoagies in Philly. I'm a vegetarian and there's a good number of options. You can get the eggplant cutlets in any hoagie. I love they way that they make the eggplant here. It's crispy, not mushy or stringy at all like at some places. I go a few times/month.After a very long waiting period of about 40mn I got my pizza, I can't lie I had high expectations on that margarita. I opened it and it was very messy and overcooked, it was very low on cheese and tomato sauce it's still good but not worth the money.Great pizza and sandwiches.  Worth the trouble trying to place an order.  Surpasses the hype.  Have had a cheese pizza, grandma pizza and a couple cheesesteaks.  Philly special !Great spot! I have yet to try the pizza, but the chicken cutlet sandwiches are fantastic! Portion sizes are huge so you def get your moneys worth.  I've been in there twice and both times the restaurant was pretty busy so you'll have a little bit of a wait - but the food that I've tried so far is great.  Can't wait to try their pies next!Cooper cheese steak was great. They messed up my pizza order (wrong toppings) but fixed it and gave me the mess up one for free. I appreciate the attention to detail
and passion for their craft.I can only review the cheesesteaks as that's all I've ever had here. It's going to be a very short and sweet review because I don't want it to be hyperbolic. 
I had a steak with the cooper sharp, broccoli rabe, and the house made stuffed long hots served on a Sarcone's roll.
It is the best cheesesteak I've had in all my 50+ years on earth. Everything about it is perfect.
It's a little bit pricier than most, but well worth it. They're pretty big so consider splitting one. There's not much seating, aside from a few tables outside, so be prepared to stand and eat or take it back to your car or home.This place has tremendous word of mouth, and I was very excited to try it. I had my eye on the meatball sandwich but unfortunately it was sold out. I always have a backup plan though, so I ordered their cheesesteak.
Since I was in the heart of South Philly, i went with Provolone , not my usual go-to. Prov is great but in realizing I don't like it for cheesesteaks. I grew up on American, and while its an inferior cheese, the way it melts and gets into the meat is much better.
That info aside, this was among the best cheesesteaks I've ever eaten. The bread is key. I'm told Angelos bakes their own bread and that they are loosely connected to the Sarcone family. This is evident. It seemed like the bread was slightly overbaked, based on some of the other pictures I've seen, but it didn't really detract from the sandwich. The meat was ample and very tender. If they were maybe off their game a little bit, it only makes me wonder how great it would be if i chose my preferred cheese and got a slightly lighter roll. Quite possibly the best cheesesteak in the city. 
Need to get back for the meatball parm amd the pizza, but going back is no problem. While the line was long at 1pm, I didn't feel the wait was excessive. And the outdoor tables were a nice treat and plenty open. I also found parking within a block, although id guess that's less easy after work hours. Cash only, but i was prepared for it, and there's an ATM inside. Staff was not the usual surly tgat you get in the popular spots. The girl at the counter was lovely. 
Overall, Angelos has the potential to be o,a of the best spots in Philly. Im a fan.Loved the pizza here. It's a no BS kind of place. Cash only. The grandma pie was really great. The fresh basil was the perfect touch, and the pizza came out piping hot. It was a tad bit greasy for my liking, but overall the dough was sturdy and the sauce was perfectly balanced and not overly acidic. Would definitely return and try a sandwich next time!Pizza- 7/10(Margherita). 8.5/10 fungi spinachi  
Good doe, decent sauce, fresh ingredients. I appreciate the cooking temp for that nice crust. However, they are lacking consistency.
Sandwich- Pork roll 6/10. 
Loved the seeded bread. Everything else kinda sucked. Pork was dry and a bit under seasoned, provolone was not as "sharp" as i would of liked.
 Broccoli rabe didn't have any hint of bitterness or garlic which would of given it a nice bitter contrast. Wished they had long hots to give it a bit of a kick also.
Service- 6/10
Again it's very inconsistent. Some days the service would be impeccable, other day felt like they had enough business, so now they could be rude.
If you have time check them out, if not there are plenty of other pizza joint that are as good if not better overall.I do not say this lightly. 
This place has THE BEST pizza in Philly *and* THE BEST cheesesteak in Philly. 
The crust on the pizza is mind-blowing. 
The garlic bread they use for their signature cheesesteak is perfect, and, their meat and cooper sharp cheese option is a perfect blend of seasoned and creamy and sharp. 
You have to call and call- don't give up until you get through. It is absolutely worth the effort. I promise.Upsidedown jawn is phenomenal and probably the best pizza I've ever had. The cutlets are awesome too.Stopped in at the end of the Italian Market Festival on Saturday. It was disappointing to learn they had an extremely limited menu for the weekend. This wasn't posted on social media (that I could find) beforehand. They didn't have a tent that would warrant a limited menu. They are just located on the first block of the Italian Market Festival where the artists were. We arrived at 7 when the festival is over, but they're open later, so they could've started making the full menu when the festival ended (and there would've been fewer customers). 
They weren't making thick crust pizza (the main attraction), but I got a slice and a sandwich anyway. The crust on the thinner pizza was amazing it was crispy and airy throughout the entire slice.
The sandwich was great, but it was only about 6 inches ($8). The rolls on their Instagram posts are crispy seeded rolls that appear to be 10-12", but this was a soft seedless roll.
I can't wait to come back to try the full menu.Angelo's Pizzeria is just terrific. Angelo's Pizzeria is a hidden treasure. Nothing but quality. Absolutely delicious! Everything is super fresh! The staff were really professional and courteous. I can not say enough, but I think I have.The food is incredible, but only giving it four stars because of their lack of organization! It's very hard to place an order , pick up your food, and pay. It has only become harder due to COVID. There are so many convenient ordering platforms these days, no excuses.Best Pizza in the city. Some of the best sandwiches in the city. 
Worth the wait, and worth calling until your phone dies. 
Yes you will have to call, call and call again. Get over it. If you dont like that, go to dominos instead of crying on yelp. 
If you dont like waiting in line, eat at home. 
Angelo's by 1000
Get sumUpside-down pie is probably one of the best in Philly. However, the cheesesteaks we order were basically bread sandwitchs...if I am paying 13.00 for a sandwitch bread should not meet bread mid sandwitch! ha disappointed. We will definitely order pizza again! But the sandwitch game has been ruined.Delicious cheesy pizza that was worth the wait. Sorry not to have reason to try the chicken cutlet too as i bet it was delicious. We will be back and will again wait. Definitely confirm who is waiting to order or waiting for their order. The line was shorter than it had seemed.Pizza is good, cheesesteaks are amazing, got mine with copper sharp, cheesesteak was big, came wrapped in foil. Every time I've been here it's been bumping, a little pricier at 13 bucks, but food was good where it's ok.What legitimate business doesn't have a phone? I visited Angelo's only to find out upon arriving that they didn't have dough (and were cash only as well *sigh*). It would have been nice to find these things out over the phone instead of wasting time driving there.
Get a phone FFS.Pizza was good sad they didn't have fresh mozzarella when I really wanted a margarita pizzaHad the PFD (Philly Food Dude) chicken cutlet sandwich here and am happy to confirm the sandwiches are also amazing, and definitely appreciated after Sarcone's closing. Chicken cutlet, mozzarella, prosciutto, artichokes, arugula, and balsamic glaze. Perfect combination of savory, fresh vegetables, and sweetness.We've ordered from Angelo's a couple times now and so far everything has been good, particularly the Upside Down Jawn and the Pietro.  They don't skimp when you order extra toppings and even the crust is amazing.  Looking forward to trying their sandwiches and other offerings.  One star off for not being able to call ahead with an order.  I haven't really minded waiting so far, but standing around the cramped front with 20 other people and no A/C is an experience that will likely lose its luster pretty quickly.Yep, this pizza is pretty darn good but let's be clear on something. ALL oven baked pizza are pretty darn good. We like to take a drive here from NJ maybe about once or twice a month and this is our pizza joint. The calling is a bit of a hassle. I've called 90 times once. The parking can be an issue. You have to wait outside of the restaurant because there's no space inside. It is basically a hole in the wall. There's a guy outside who's always smoking. We call him the cigarette man. He's always there. There are plenty of other oven baked pizzas out there for you to try, but if you want to give Angelo's a try, it will be worth. Just add a bit of silly nuisance to the experience and enjoy it.So. We came to Philly in search of literally the worlds greatest Philly cheesesteak and a friend of ours brought us here. We were a little skeptical at first because it was a pizza place so we put our faith in Gemma and Gina, the amaaaaazing girls in the front who took our order and transported us from philly to heaven. 
They picked their favorite Philly cheesesteak and their favorite pizza on the menu and that's what we had. Let me tell you right now that the hype is real and our expectations are met and I can die now because I'm the happiest person in the world. 
If you're visiting Philly or you live here and you're craving a cheesesteak or a pizza just stop what you're doing and go here and ask for Gemma or Gina and ask them to order for you. You will be happy. Beyond happy.Never got to try their pizza which I have been really wanting to.
Last night my boyfriend walked in at 6:00 pm to order some pizza. We had just seen 3 men walkout with individual pies. As soon as my boyfriend walked in he was told "were sold out." 
I don't understand how realistic it is for a pizza place on a Friday night to be "sold out ." What are you sold out of exactly ? You don't even know what he wanted. I watched people coming in and out . What was the reason that there was no pizza for him?I visited this spot for pickup in late March, no online ordering, no call ahead, and it was cash only. There is a small counter inside and a few outdoor tables. No problem, I was ready to chow down. I ordered the Upside Down Jawn with half pepperoni. Waited about 30 min and I grabbed some cash out of the convenient ATM. The pizza is HUGE and Heavy. You really get your money's worth. My wife and I were eating this pizza for a least 3 days. The crust is a little dense, but airy at the same time. Great sauce and one of the top pizzas in the city.Grandma pie pizza lived up to the hype, even as leftovers. The cheesesteak on the other hand had a lot of steak, but not enough cheese.Delicious! We just moved to the neighborhood and all my neighbors told us we had to try this place. I'm so glad I did because it was fantastic! We've tried the Upside Down Jawn with pepperoni. It weighed like 10 lbs!  For two people it was too much, but made for great leftovers the next couple days. I'd say it could feed four people. The crust was thick, had a bit of a honey taste to it, and cooked perfect. Great sauce, a lot of cheese, and the pepperoni and basil are a must for toppings. Highly recommend for groups. 
Another time, we got the Grandma Pie. It was the perfect amount of pizza to split. We had a little leftover (again really good the next day). We added the pepperoni again. I think we agreed, for us, Grandma Pie would be our preference for just the two of to share. It's crust was thinner than the Jawn, but still great flavors! This will be our go to pizza., but looking forward to trying more!
Heads up- cash only, order over the phone (keep calling if you get a busy sign). They will call you when it's ready for pick up.Best PIZZA in South Philly! Maybe even all of Philly!
I can't wait to go back and get a fresh pie. It may only be cash only and have long lines, but they're well worth the wait. I am definitely trying the cheesesteak next time I go back!Best cheesesteak in the city. No one else can compete with their rolls. Love this place and def worth the trip from Jersey.There is not a harder working pizza man in America. The result is a slice on par with the best in NYC or anywhere I've visited. The sandwiches are the best in Philly with bread baked daily in house. This is THE must visit shop in Philadelphia (although the line can get wild!)The review is for the sandwiches: they are huge. You can make two meals from it. Cash only.
They don't have phone number yet to place order in advance.
When I went there they didn't make pizza because there's a sign saying that the dough sucks. They usually use Sarcone bread. But since they didn't make pizza, they made their own bread so it's fresh.
Both sandwiches are loaded. The bread is fresh with crunchy crust. Definitely come back for the pizza and othersWe drive up to Angelo's from DC every month for their pizza because it is so good and so much better than NY pizza here in DC. And yes we have tried them all!  Angelo's uses the best ingredients and makes the best dough and it is never greasy like Andy's that everyone raves about in DC.  It is worth the trip and we also grab goodies at Claudio's, Sausages at the butcher across the street and bread at Sarcone's-also a solid 5-star place. Angelo's cheesesteak is the bomb to and their pizza is amazingI've been wanting to try Angelo's for a while after hearing so many great things about it. I called around 6:30pm on Wednesday; I had to call a few times because the phone was busy. I finally got through and picked up my order ten minutes later. They were closing early at 7pm, so I think I was one of their last customers for the night. The pizza was delicious and a good ratio of cheese to sauce! I wish they served slices but, other than that, it's a definitely a solid pizza joint worth visiting.The cutlet sandwiches are seriously out of this world. I got the looch which came with long hots. Every bite just screams quality and fresh ingredients. I cant wait to try the "drunk" cutlet sandwich that comes with their vodka sauce. The fries were alright but their sandwiches can not be missed out. I've looked everywhere for a good cutlet sandwich in philly and finally found a home.So if I'm being honest, their pizza is pretty good. Not the best I've had in philly, but still top 5. My issue with this place is the lack of ability to order ahead of time. They don't have a phone, or some form of online ordering system. So you're required to drive into a very congested area of the city and find parking, which is next to impossible later in the afternoon. Then you have to wait 30 mins for your pizza. Not sure if they plan to continue not taking orders over a phone, but it's a terrible set up. Reminds me of the other bullshit hipster gimmicks where you have to wait in line for hours to try some basic pizza.Favorite cheesesteak in Philly.
Take out only. Parking is a nightmare
Place is always super busy.
You need to call ahead and it may take 50-100 attempts to get thru. And you will wait awhile. 
With that disclosed. 
ABSOLUTELY worth it.
They use Cooper Sharp which is my personal choice on a steak. And the bread is so perfect.  Generous amount of cheese. The steaks are huge but so good- after you finish it you want another one.So I've been following on IG since before it opened and finally decided to make the hour drive down to sample the goods. Better than advertised!! This place is the REAL DEAL. Top notch ingredients, shop is clean as a whistle, people work hard and it has that old school feel of a quality family owned joint. 
We had the jawn with x cheese and pep, the grandma pie, the pollio and the looch. I've always been a pizza guy and this needs no extras, eat it as it's served. You can taste quality!! I can't believe I'm saying this but the cutlet sandwiches is where it's at. Bread to die for, loaded with fresh chicken, nice long hots and the cheese...good Lord what a taste. 
I dont care where you live, make the drive, you won't regret it. My family is gonna sample our way thru the menu slowly but surely lol. 
Well done Danny!! Wishing you years of success. Next time I'm down bottle of scotch on mePlease don't listen to any of the bad reviews from Karen's down below. Yes, it's difficult to get them on the phone, yes you may have to wait for your pizza but, the food is well worth it. The cheesesteak's and pizza is the best I've ever had. I drive 45 minutes from Jersey  just to come here and it's so well worth it. The staff is super friendly and you can tell the food is made with top notch ingredients.My friend was a huge fan of their pizza when they were in Haddonfield so I was eager to try them at their new Philly location. The cheese pizza with mushrroms was $19 before tax, and the wait was about an hour long (Friday of opening week, ordered around 5pm). There is a little bit of standing room, no tables, but some counter space around the edges. I would say this is definitely meant to be enjoyed as a take out spot for people in the area. Cash only for now.
Pizza was delicious. Quality ingredients, great crust and cheese. I'm excited to try the upside down pan pizza another time, and I'm hoping they can scale up/cut down the wait times since I'd love to be able to eat here more easily.don't listen to the hype, this place is awful. Almost $20 for a pizza that tastes like burnt toast. totally wack.The best pizza in the city hands down. There is not call ahead ordering so make sure you get there early enough.If you don't roll with Danny, then you can suck me. Angelos is one of the best in the game and @pancakes.and.protein.shakes approved so that's gotta mean something. Disregard the negative reviews and if you want immediate updates follow their business page on instaThe hype is real the best pizza I've ever had in my city.Getting through to order your pizza might take a little bit of patience and persistence but after 55 times calling straight I'm happy!First time I came here they were sold out of pizza (which some people would question for a pizzeria, but it's actually a testament to the quality of the product they offer) so I had the eggplant parm which was very good.
Went back on a Saturday recently to have the pizza. Knowing how busy they would be since the recent review they received, we arrived early to the area to park and hang around thinking we could slide in at opening time. Got to the restaurant at 12 to find it packed with a line almost out the door. 
Line went quick, girl at the register is very efficient, told us it would be about 20 min for the pizza and was spot on. Definitely recommend waiting for it as it gets a little chaotic as they yell the names out.
It was warmish outside (for this time of year) so we took advantage of the outdoor seating (3-4 2 tops) and enjoyed the Pizza fresh out of the oven outside.
You can tell right away that they're using fresh/quality ingredients throughout. Crust, sauce and cheese all had a good bite/mouth feel and very tasty. Definitely one of my favorite pizza's in both Philly and overall. Looking forward to trying others and the sandwiches next time.The last time I went, I waited over an hour for my pizza when they said 35 minutes. When it was finally ready, it was burnt and the dough was tough to chew. Three slices had no cheese or sauce. They seemed more concerned with quantity over quality.I've had pizza here twice so far. The first time I had the regular margherita pizza at Angelo's I wasn't blown away. The second time I tried the popular Grandma's pie and finally now I understand the hype. The crust is so airy and the pizza sauce is incredible. Although, at first glance it may appear to be on the thicker side than expected, it does not feel heavy at all. This place is cash only and you have to call a gazillion times to order by phone because they're so busy all the time but it's worth it. Top 3 pizza shops in Philly in my book.I mean everything they do is great. You go for the pizza,but the sandwiches are also awesome! Had the meatball with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone and a cheesesteak with long hots,onions and cooper sharp . These meatballs are like the ones your grandma makes too if she was a badass Italian lady. Everything's made from scratch and you can taste the difference. Will be back as much as I can!It was the best Italian hoagie I ever had! We also had pizza diavalo but be warned, it's spicier than it usually comes. There is barely any seating so be ready to get takeout and find a bench somewhere. It's still well worth it. We'll be back and worth driving all the way from Jersey.My favorite take out restaurant in the world. They bake their own Italian seeded loafs and its the best - hands down. They roast their red peppers and long hots, saut spinach w garlic and have Cooper Sharp cheese.  Thanks Angelos.finally got to try Angelo's! i recently heard that this is the new philly favorite cheesesteak and pizza so i had to test it out for myself
1) UPSIDE DOWN PIZZA (w/ extra cheese) 5/5 - this was delicious. fresh or heated up i really enjoyed this. the dough was somehow still light and fluffy even though it's a thick pizza. great sauce 
2) CHEESESTEAK 3.75/5 - i messed up, i got extra american instead of getting their cooper sharp which is their staple. mine didn't have enough cheese to meat ratio but the bread was BOMB. i need to try next time w/ the cooper
3) ITALIAN HOAGIE 5/5 - delicious. AMAZING flavor and great cuts of meat. i really enjoyed this sandwich
all in all, this is a good pizza/sandwich spot. it's not the most convenient since i had to call at 11am and the line was busy for about 20 minutes. it was ready within 40 minutes, cash only and had to go pick it up with my car since i live in north philly (no delivery) but for those that live near by i'm jealous of you!I enjoyed my visit my to Angelo's quite a bit. We had the upside down jawn with hot sausage- it was thirty bucks which is a bit pricey but you certainly get your moneys worth. It was big enough for two people to eat a filling dinner and still have almost half of it to take home. 
It's an absolutely stunning looking pizza. Well made and well done, which is my preference. Not an abundance of cheese but the sauce had a nice even consistency to it and the sausage was well proportioned and delicious. They were out of bread the night we came so we're unable to try the sandwiches. It is cash only but has an ATM inside. No seating except four outside tables in the sidewalk but if you dine there you are sure to be able snag a table in the half hour it takes to make your pizza. 91/100 pizza points.The long wait didn't bother me because I expected it but I don't know what pizza portnoy had but this does not top tacconelis. Pizza is fresh but average taste. However, the cheesesteaks were great 9.5 in my bookIn the pantheon on pizza this place wasn't really on my radar until Davey, El Presidente, from Barstool sports reviewed it.  Word must have gotten out at this time as this place has exploded with business and reviews.  I'm sure it was excellent before hand but receiving such a high review score made it that much sought after.
Now in regards to orders this place is old school.  Phones only (at least during the pandemic).  Took me 37 phone calls to get through over the course of two days.  By the time I got through I wasn't even hungry; it was more a matter of principle just to try the place.  Open roads during the quarantine made it to shuffle from the opposite end of the city to pick up the food.  Took about twenty five minutes for my pepperoni pizza and cheesesteak to be ready.
Not sure what rolls they use but they are similar to Johns Roast Pork and Primos in that they are seeded and fairly hearty.  Probably one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever eaten for $11.  I got the recommended sharp provolone on it which was melted and liquid like.  Of course can't forget the fried onions.
Up there with the original Joe Beddia pie, this pizza was quality.  Excellent high quality mozzarella that melted accordingly and create a top layer of savory, salty exterior of the pizza.  The pepperoni added to this umamae flavor.   A couple of basil leaves on top and bingo bango we're finished.Amazing!  we tried a few different pizza options and loved them all.  My son got a cheesesteak and that was great as well.  Can't wait to go back.This place has been crazy since the barstool review.  They have been making great pizza, but they also are known for their subs/sandwiches.  I just had their margherita pizza and was not diappointed.  I will making frequent trips to try out their menu.  Come early if you want their pizza. They sell out!Having tried a vast majority of pizza and cheesesteaks in town, i have to say this joint has the best of both. Freshness counts for everything, and that's what Danny provides for all the food served here. He ferments the pizza dough which gives it a nice texture and flavor. The sesame seeded sandwich bread is baked fresh every morning. My go to - sixth man pie, and cooper sharp cheesesteak with. Have not tried them pre-pandemic but either way, I'd much prefer to call in my order rather than wait on a long line.my buddy repeatedly commented that he could never live in south philly. after having the upside down jawn +pepperonis, he said with a stoic look on his face "maybe i could live in south philly." i think that says it all - this pizza could go toe to toe with the best anywhere.This may be the best pizza I've -ever- had.
I grew up eating what was arguably the best pizza in the world, Pepe's in New Haven CT.
I know everyone thinks the pizza from their childhood hometown pizza joint is the ideal pizza, but honestly look up New Haven pizza. It's legit.
Anyway, I say this because I think of myself as a bit of a "pizza snob", a pizzanista if you will. Don't get me wrong, I find a lot of pizza to be acceptable, but I also think there are a lot of ways pizza can go off the rails. Bad dough, cheap ingredients, oven at too low a temperature, poor ingredients ratios, even an uncaring chef can make for a bad pie.
I have been a little let down with Philly pizza since I moved here. I think mostly I just wanted it to be better, but there has pretty much always been something a little off. It just almost never hits the spot. 
But now I've found my pizza Nirvana. 
Angelo's is the king of pies. It's alchemical gold. A pizza that is more than the sum of its parts.
Is it cheap? No. Is it an incredible value for the money? A resounding yes.
If you are thinking about getting a pizza, forget the others and call in an order to Angelo's NOW. If they tell you it's going to be a half hour, your pizza will be done in 30 minutes. If they tell you 20 minutes, be there in 20. They know their pizza game.
In my book the final shot in the pizza wars has been fired, and Angelo's has won a decisive victory.Best pizza and cheese steaks I've ever had, totally worth the wait. Staff is really cool they do their best to get everyone taken care of but the place is always busy cause of how good their food is, worth any wait there may be for sureWhat can I say that hasn't been said! I wish I cOuld eat here everyday! Pizza-phenomenal, sandwiches-outstanding! Awesome, engaging social media content.We really didn't expect the pizza to be as good as our nyc pizzerias but we were wrong. Amazing pizza. Will be returning when we get back to PhillyDecided to try out Angelo's after hearing a lot of good things about this spot. They used to be located in south jersey and moved to South Philly. Purchased an upside down jawn (thick crust pizza with cheese and then sauce on top) with pepperoni. Adding toppings ranges from $3-$4 each. They only have one size of all of their pizzas and let me tell you that one pizza can feed at least 6-8 people. It's definitely a lot of pie! 
Overall the pizza was good. The dough itself does not feel heavy. The star of the show is the tomato sauce. You can tell it's homemade and it had such beautiful taste to it. Like I said it's just a lot and I have at least pizza for 2-3 days. I would like to try their margarita pizza next. I bet i's divine. I probably won't get the pepperoni anymore as it was a tad bit too oily for my liking.This is the best pizza I've ever head, next to Square Pie. I'm not sure what they do with the crust, but it's amazing. I've had the Upside Down Jawn, which weighed about 10 lbs and recently Grandma's Pie and a customized pizza with Pepperoni and Sausage, which was so amazing. Thin crust, simple cheese with basil but so tasty and delicious! Make sure you get there early, they tend to sell out. I can't wait to try one of the sandwiches! Also, cash only so be prepared!I was very excited to try this pizza!
Well, it was good,(ordered the plain cheese pizza)just not anything special. 
If I were blindfolded, I wouldn't have thought I was eating pizza that many have considered the best in Philly. 
Perhaps, it's in the top twenty. In the future, maybe I will try the Margarita pizza. 
Now you're saying, why the four stars if you didn't love the pizza?...
I also ordered a cheesesteak(provolone with fried onions)and was thrilled with that decision. It was amazing! One of the best I have ever had! It's on a seeded roll which is a nice touch. It had a ton of juicy meat. 
Soooo, three stars for the pizza. Five stars for the fabulous(have half for tomorrow)cheesesteak!Best Cheesesteak I've ever had.  Probably the best bread, as well.  Definitely worth the stop and headache of ordering.