This Animo location has become increasingly inconsistent in the past few months. I will probably only come here as a last resort. 
The juices and smoothies are always good, ingredients for the food is fresh, but the service is extremely inconsistent; when it's good it is great, but when service is lacking, it is pretty bad. They have gotten my food order wrong twice in the last two months, and wait times to get 2 burrito bowls has varied from 10 minutes to 20+ minutes despite going at off peak times with no line. 
When I ordered a burrito bowl I got a salad. When I ordered 1 chicken and 1 beef burrito I got 2 pork burritos.  Yes, they will happily fix your order but keep in mind this will take additional time that was originally unanticipated. 
I'm not sure which posted store hours are correct, but I tried to going around 6:35pm on a weekday and their doors were locked.The food here is always good. I enjoy their salads and beet juice. It is cheaper than most vegetarian places in the city. Get here early for lunch because seating is tight, if you plan to eat-in.Got a veggie burrito here twice.  Blaaand and overly spendy.  Many grains of undercooked rice. Yer paying for decor, not food quality.Tasty! Really good burritos, fresh ingredients, great smoothies, and super friendly staff!!! Prices were within a reasonable amount, leading to a full belly! Check them out!!The border salad with chicken is honestly one of the best salads I have ever had in my life. Only negative about this place is the prices but hey, that's the market for salads these days.I work close so this is a go-to lunch spot for me. The salads are great! I had a bad experience with their burritos so I have stuck to the border salad and have not been disappointed since. The frozen banana is the best thing ever. Be prepared for lunch rush hour from 12 to 1 pm during the week. It gets a little crazy in there. Aside from that, they are usually quick to get orders out.Well I didn't get a juice while I was here, just a couple of burritos when I had lunch with the wife recently. First off, it wasn't too crowded and it was close to the office which I appreciated. We both ordered burritos and they were both pretty good. They had a bunch of healthy type of beverages to choose from which do not necessarily taste good, but you feel a bit better making a better choice. 
The wife got the chicken and guacamole burrito which I tried and like it, while I built my own burrito and was actually pretty similar to hers except that I added the fajita style vegetables and it was pretty good - very similar to Chipotle tasting. I ordered my rice and beans on the side and while delayed were actually pretty tasty and a nice size portion.
The seating was uncomfortable and sparse. I would get the stuff to go if I were to return; but here's why I won't:
They have a business practice where they round up the cost of your bill. They are not upfront about this. This is totally shady. I noticed this when looking at the receipt, and a confrontation with the cashier was unapologetic, describing that the rounding up is their policy. I wasn't demanding my twenty cents back, it's not about the change as much as it's an unfair business practice. I saw Office Space last night and it reminded me of this place, because of the penny shaving. As I looked around the busy restaurant, I thought twenty cents off of that person, 20 cents off of this person. That must add up. They could ask you if you want to keep it or ask if you wanted to donate it to a nice charity but they don't do any of that.I've been going to Animo regularly for about 3 years. Lately it's as if they are moving at a glacial pace. The workers just move so slowly. I now can't run down there for lunch even if I have 15 minutes until my next meeting. I've been late for many meetings now because I'm stuck waiting down there while the workers chat away to each other. Pick up the pace people!Good quality all around. Clean environment, good customer service, quick service and good fresh food.
I have over 37 visits to this location.So happy I found this place close to my work! I ordered the Fast and Furious burrito bowl with chicken and added quinoa. It was so good and the portion was big. A little pricey and the service was a little slow but worth the wait! It's nice to have a healthy lunch option! I'm looking forward to trying their juices!Just ok. Plus they completely messed up my order- left the did not add the beef to my burrito. Didn't even add veggies.The smoothie was delicious! However it was very disheartening to see an employee smoking a cigarette, then come in and start working on the food prep area without washing her hands...I've been in the middle of moving so I have had no food in my fridge for the past could of days. Animo was a great find for healthy food that will keep my energy up when I have to carry boxes up and down stairs after work.  I actually went two days in a row because of how great I felt yesterday. Their smoothies are my favorite. Today I got the Nirvana which turned out to be very orange, but did not taste just like carrots. The cantaloupe, banana and mango gave it a refreshingly sweet taste. I also got the fajita burrito on a bed of salad.  It comes with beans, rice, and delicious roasted vegetables and possibly mushrooms. My friend and I got them together and thought there might have been mushrooms in there. Either way, it was really good!  I ordered the smaller size and there was WAY more than enough. I would recommend ordering the smaller size if you get a burrito and splurge on a juice or smoothie! So good! It did come out to $15 though. So come prepared to spend on healthy and fresh ingredients.Cool atmosphere and super fresh, delicious juices!
I ordered the Beets juice and it was awesome!
Also, the location is great and easy to find!Huge selection of smoothies and burritos! Lots of gluten and dairy free options! Portions are good, I usually get a burrito bowl!I have been waiting for a great healthy spot to open up near by work! I was so happy to stumble upon Animo one day! It's so hard to find a good salad in philly-not to mention a burrito that isn't dripping in oil. Animo has fresh and organic ingredients that are reasonably priced. I also love that you can get a small burrito size! 
The burritos are great and so are the juices and smoothies! I love everything!
My faves are: 
Haight and asbury & kale and quinoa burritos
Gimme a Beet juice
Chilly Palmer smoothie
I just wish the line wasn't so long but it's definitely worth the wait.My favorite place to get a smoothie in the Logan Square area! Animo is so fresh and delicious. If I am ever feeling like I'm getting sick, I will hop on over to Animo and grab an MD.  If I'm hungover I'll go grab a shot of ginger and if I need an energy boost I'll go for a wheat grass shot.  Their healthy options are endless and do not stop with smoothies and juices.  They also serve a wide array of burritos, salads, and bowls.  All striped of additives and preservatives, so it doesn't make you feel overly full and bloated after indulging like Chipotle or other similar spots.
My only thing is that it's not cheap, which is why I can't come everyday.  This is more of a treat for me once in a while. 
The atmosphere is pretty, hip, and trendy and the staff is always friendly, helpful, and accommodating.  No other smoothie spots compare! Highly recommend.
Also the frozen banana!!! A+I work very close to Animo and absolutely love acai bowls. On my first trip to animo I was so impressed my acai bowl was the best I've ever had. I thought I'd be going there 2 to 3 times a week. My second trip I had half a frozen banana in the bowl. I thought I should give them another chance and today I received 2 MASSIVE chunks of frozen acai in the bowl. I wasted $8.50 more than half of my bowl consisted of the frozen chunks! I even took a picture of one! The bowls are very small and I was very disappointed. I guess I will need to find a new place to get acai bowls in philly. IMG_2601.JPG (hopefully people can click the pic and see the chunk if not I'll have to find a new way to attach it)This place is amazing!  I had a banana custard (think yonana) with peanut butter today and a small kale and quinoa burrito - both were FABULOUS!  I went at 2pm and I was in and out within 5 minutes.  The line can be long at lunch time but its probably because the place just opened. 
My food was fresh, tasty, healthy and they even gave garden of Eden organic chips on the side - nice touch - bc w all the gmo corn out there - it's great to eat something I already know is organic and gmo free.  
The vegan menu options, which are plentiful, are clearly labeled plus  the menu is easy to read. You can omit cheese and substitute veggies and create any vegan burrito you are looking for. though, after the quinoa kale burrito i dont see a reason to order anything else.  They use eco friendly packaging for take away and have very cute bowls and plates for dining in.  
Note: The burritos come in two sizes, small and large, I had the small and thought it was sufficiently sized. The pico is GREAT - add it on you wont regret it. 
Vegans:  The banana custard is vegan (its just frozen bananas) the chocolate sauce is vegan as well.  
I can pretty much imagine eating lunch here every day.Check your order ...nice spot & people are nice but they were messing up the orders.   My order - chicken & guac burrito - was fine & very good.For lunch, I am usually a burger, hoagie or pizza guy. In an effort to eat a bit healthier, friends of mine (Patrick and Mary) recommended that I try the PB&J smoothie from Animo. 
Wow.
Glad I did. It was terrific and I will certainly come back to get it again. It was filling and had great taste. 5 STARS!This place is wonderful! Coming here was a friend's suggestion and I was a little hesitant because I was not in the mood for a burrito. I ordered a border salad with beef and it was delicious. They put an appropriate portion size of cheese, guacamole, and pico. The lime dressing was refreshing and full of flavor. Even during the work week lunch hour with a line almost out the door we were in and out in a half hour! I left feeling satisfied but not bloated. Next time I will absolutely try one of their juices!Another salad with minimal toppings. $12 and I got totally jipped. This is becoming a repeated offense.Customer service is lacking. The girls working their were giggling about messing up someone's name and making jokes about- a little unprofessional. Other then the food is ok..juices are pretty good. Most of the juice seems to be pre made too...This is my new favorite lunch spot in the City Hall area.  Healthy, spacious (some customers were so smitten they nestled in to work on their laptops, post-prandial) Customize anything, no problem.  Fantastic selection of salsas and condiments, offering spices to please every palate.
My favorite is the border salad, complete with luscious guac and huge chunks of diced chicken (see my pic).  Only a few bucks more than Chipotle, and so worth it.  The staff is super friendly, adding to this place's positive vibe.  Large corner windows provide a pleasant view for people watching while you enjoy your meal.  
Only open on weekdays, so plan accordingly.Just AWESOME!! The food is delicious, and the staff are so hopefully and polite! Has become one of our FAVORITE lunch spot!!!High quality food. I was impressed with how tasty it was. Definitely adding this place to my lunch rotation.Animo is super close to the office so I've been here a few times.  I've had the Popeye salad, which is a pretty large portion.  I got a side of chicken with the salad for about $3.  This was a sad addition.  The chicken was dry and not worth the price.  
The chicken burrito was okay.  I forgot to mention which size I wanted and the cashier never asked so I don't remember which I got.  It came with some chips and you can grab some sauce yourself from squeeze bottles.  A bit pricey for lunch but it was filling.  The premium is for quality but it goes a bit unnoticed in the burrito.Food is good and fresh. Portions are small. A veggie and humus burrito in a bowl is nothing but a spinach salad with a spoonful of humus. How can you have a burrito without rice and beans? And for $8.90, it was very small and I am still hungry.I used to live and work a block from Animo and popped in multiple times during the week when Animo first opened.  I could not rave about the freshness and quality of the food and the professionalism of the staff.  Well, my experience last night when my lunch order was wrong demonstrated that Animo's customer service is now abysmal if not nonexistent.  
Yesterday at lunch time I ordered the Border salad that comes with guacamole and the employee neglected to put it on the salad.  For $11.38 I expect to get everything that is supposed to be in the salad.  Once it became clear that the employee neglected to put the guacamole in I closed the salad and decided I would pop in on my way home and address the issue.  No biggie.
Well, I walked in after work and there were no customers in the restaurant at all.  I walked to the counter.  Nobody is there.  A woman working behind one of the food work stations eventually walked over and I explained what happened with my salad.  I showed her my receipt and politely asked to have a FRESH salad made up with the guacamole.  She then began to make up excuses as to why the employee messed up my order.  Ummm...okay.  
She then proceeds to just add guacamole to the salad I brought in.  She brings it to me and I reiterate that I want a fresh salad.  At this point the employee working the front counter has made her way over.  The young woman who brought over the salad just looks at her.  The other employee says, "We normally don't do that."  That was all I needed to hear.  I then told them I just wanted my refund.  The woman that had thrown the guacamole in the salad begins to suck her teeth and talk under her breath as if she is a sullen child. Really?!?
The apathetic and indifferent behavior of these two employees spoke volumes.  They do not care.  There are too many other healthy options in Center City now.  I advise you if you are reading this to take your money elsewhere.  The customer service has dropped to a level that shook me to my core.  Very sad considering the high level of service Animo used to provide.  Moreover, after considering the Border Salad is half of the size what it used to be at the same price I think I was better off just getting the refund.  As a long time customer, the changes to the menu have not gone unnoticed (think: no more Peruvian Thunder).5 stars for the kale quinoa burrito bowl.  
5 for the ginger lemon cayenne shot. 
0 stars for plastic utensils.  metal used to be the norm.  kinda bummed about that.I came here for breakfast looking for something hearty and healthy! I got it for sure in the form of a fresh vegetable juice with fruits and an egg spinach and pico de gallo burrito. I must admit the juice was extraodinary! I was expecting a bitter vegetable juice considering they put a lot of kale in it but I was pleasantly surprised as the juice had vegetable tones but tasted like a fruit juice without the feeling of consuming entirely too much sugar (Which I probably was). The burrito was tasty but not something I'll remember, it was simple and filled my belly. I mean how hard is it to screw up eggs pico de gallo and spinach? I could probably make the burrito at home so I won't be coming back here for burritos, however I do crave fresh juice from time to time so I'll definitely be back for some juice!Although I love this place I have noticed a difference in the staff over the last year.  I went there yesterday and was unable to get a juice for the second time this week.  The staff starts taking the juice machine down at 6:00, an hour before closing.  So disappointing.  I was only able to order a smoothie.  I went at 6:15 one day and 6:30 yesterday.  I hope this changes.  They were also out of rice and quinoa yesterday.  Although this was bad, it's not as ridiculous as not making juice at a juice bar.Love that they serve in IKEA dishes.
The pepito burrito in a bowl was A-OK, but not something I would return for. While the guacamole was tasty, it came with ~5 tortilla chips (i.e., gone in a flash), everything was just a bit bland. Since I live nearby, I'll likely be back to try a salad, a soup, and their juices/smoothies, but for anything burrito-like, I'll head to Chipotle.Rude staff, never open.  I never liked this placed and I left for 4 years and I still don't.Huge selection of smoothies and burritos! Lots of gluten and dairy free options! Portions are good size.Service is awful and food is mediocre. The wheat wrap tastes like dirt not worth eating. The only reason I gave this place three stars is the complementary chips are actually good but nothing  else was.What a gem! I was visiting Philly and staying at a nearby hotel when I walked past this juice bar. I ordered a Gimme A Beet juice and a Greens and Eggs gluten free breakfast burrito. Both items were delicious! Simple whole foods, healthy and tasty. I was so pleased that they were able to make the breakfast burrito gluten free with a gf wrap! Staff was helpful and friendly. My order was ready in less than five minutes. Will definitely visit again next time I'm in town.Animo has the best acai bowls in Philly. The manager is super cool and gave us a special tropical bowl that wasn't on the menu just because it was Saturday and he wanted to hook us up. The guac is also poppin. Definitely would recommend!Much better than a Chipotle or Qdoba -- definitely feels healthier. Lots of options for Burritos and burrito bowls. They even have gluten-free wraps. And the smoothies here are awesome. Burritos come with chips on the side --- dont forget to grab some of their homemade orange hot sauce. Definitely try this place over Chipotle.I just moved to Philly from Los Angeles and this was the best piece of home I could ever ask for! Healthy and delicious juices, smoothies, bowls, breakfast, EVERYTHING. So so excited for this place!Ok I'm not sure why I waited SO long to try this place, probably because every time I have came in the past there is a freakishly long line, and I always happen to be in a hurry. Well, finally, got the chance to juice it up with my veggie burrito bowl. The bowl was super flavorful and fresh, def going to get this again!
I got a veggie burrito bowl, told them
I like my spice level to be extreme (I love spicy food) and that's exactly how it came out. Don't worry, I'm positive they have the average spice level avail, not everyone wants spicy. 
I got the Lime Light juice, which was carrots, Apple, ginger, lime and celery. Absolutely delicious!! It's refreshing.I absolutely love the Haddonfield, NJ location of Animo and was looking forward to this location opening for the longest time.  While I am still excited, I have been let down on a few occasions which has made me less eager about making the long walk across the city for Animo... I hope things improve and that the Philly crowd really enjoys this spot bc they have a great and rare thing to offer in their healthy and tasty menu options.  
Criticisms: 1) Price is even higher than Haddonfield, 2) I havent been there yet without some error in my order whether it be wrong ingredients in my burrito or something missing from my order...very frustrating, 3) Staff is friendly but clearly not well acquainted yet with the menu which may account for the errors, so hopefully this is just a matter of time, 4) Some favorite items from Haddonfield are different on this menu with different ingredients... why change something that works!I really dig the chicken and guac pepito/burrito. Nice, clean, efficient service.  One of my go to lunch places.We were happy to find this place when traveling to Philly for the weekend. Good food and good drinks.I finally got to try this place out after watching the preparations for opening with much anticipation!
I enjoyed the Mission burrito with veggies and a Coast to Coast smoothie.  The smoothie was especially good.  The burrito came along with a very small portion of chips and salsa, but it was just a nice little taste on the side.
I felt healthy and satisfied after my meal, and I would definitely like to come back, but it was a little pricey for an every day lunch.
The atmosphere was really nice as well - modern and natural with lots of wood.You really can't go wrong with Amino.  I love that there's a healthy lunch option amid so many unhealthy options in this area.
The burritos are decently portioned and although I'm a protein junkie, I have a love affair with the kale and quinoa burrito.  The salads are amazing, especially the mexican style one.  
I find myself coming here a few times a week in the morning hours for a protein smoothie - the white lightening is super tasty, as are all the fresh-pressed juices.
Give Amino a shot instead of waiting in line at Wawa next store - you won't be sorry.Great place! Healthy ingredients, nice atmosphere. People are very pleasant. I eat here weekly.Very beutiful place to eat. The staff was very friendly and I love their menu. I've had a chicken fajitas and it was delicious.I was sad when Fuel across the street closed, but this place has been a great replacement for healthy foods and juices. The Chocolate Thunder is a nice treat, but I tend to stick with the juices. 
Burritos are great. I dont really love their beef, so I stick with the chicken. The guac is great. I do wish they were a little less skimpy on the chips and they were open a little later.
It's nice to have healthy lunch options in CC. Not that I don't love Wawa, but it is good to change it up.Burrito was skippy...and had a typical taste that did not set it apart from any other restaurant.Today was my first time here and I thought the food was very good (hummus and veggie wrap) as well as the service. I also like that they smile at you when you walk up to them to place your order. The juice I got-the Limelight, was exceptional.Shira made me this beautiful pitaya bowl! It taste so good. The consistency is great and the seeds and granola are super crunchy! Love fresh fruit! Wish it didn't come in plastic though. I'm going to have to reuse it like four times and put a plant in it now. Thanks animo!!!!Walked by and hadn't had breakfast; smoothie sounds good, why not? First, I love the lay out and architecture; lots of space and I love all the wood use. I was recommended to get the "Cobbler" smoothie, and all I gotta say is delish! To top it off, Charlotte and the rest of the Saturday crew are personable, and down to earth! I will definitely be back!I always love coming here when I'm feeling like I've had enough burgers and French fries and just need something good for me. I love all of the juices and being able to sit and relax. Be super specific if there's something that you want and they will make it happen!First time trying this place after getting rave reviews from co-workers. Got there a little before noon and the place was jammed! That being said, the line moves really quickly and it gave me time to peruse the menu. I ordered the kale-quinoa burrito bowl and added tomatillo salsa and jalapeños. I also had to try one of the juices. Settled on the carrot/orange/cantaloupe juice. Fantastic! The food was so fresh and felt like a party in my mouth. Will definitely be back to work my way through the menu!My husband and I stopped in for a quick bite. I had the Tahini Caesar- it was ok, a little flavorless, but plenty of kale and chickpeas. He had a burrito with chicken, rice, lettuce, cilantro and red onion-looked and smelled delicious. The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is bc the young lady at the counter seemed rude. She was very short with her answers and never once cracked a smile. I thought perhaps it was bc it was later in the day but it's never too late for a smile:) We quickly ate, cleaned up after ourselves, and were on our way about 15 minutes before they closed. All in all, I would eat here again, perhaps I'll try a juice tomorrow.The food was good. A little on the expensive side for the portions. I was mostly disappointed that they gave me 3 single chips with my burrito bowl, I wish I was exaggerating. If you are going to advertise that the bowl is served with chips, at least put a servings worth in it. Other then that the service was great and everyone was friendly!To busy that you don't even have time to chew ? Get a juice that will fulfill your needs, keep you full and maintain that hourglass figure.
I got their CinCity which is a delicious juice, naturally sweet and healthy.
Honestly, anything that has spinach banana and milk is a win in my book. Add some honey, cinnamon and PEP, you are golden. I think this drink was the only reason why I didn't pass out on my 6 mile run post a long day of work. Thank you Animo!My paradise juice and kale and quinoa burrito were phenomenal! You have got to try the chipotle salsa. Great music and friendly staff. I will be back for sure!This place was great!  I got the Kale and Quinoa burrito and the Ginger Snap juice blend.  Everything was delicious and promptly served.  Definitely going back!This past Saturday my husband and I took the baby out to enjoy the beautiful weather... As a new mom, it takes a while to get bags packed, baby fed and out of the house. So many times we are all set to go, only to realize that I've totally forgotten to feed myself.  Of course, this happened on Saturday, and I needed something that didnt require any work to eat and would hold me over for a few hours... I went to yelp, and realized we weren't far from Animo (a place that I've been meaning to try for some time now).  
I wanted something with Protein, so opted for the white lightening, although I ordinarily wouldn't go for a shake with peanut butter.  I'm so glad I did, b/c this was truly delicious ... so delicious that my husband (who usually turns his nose up at drinkable meals) had a sip and even came back for a 2nd / 3rd sip!
I'm totally a fan, and only wish I was on that side of the city more often, to justify more frequent visits!!Went for a quick lunch. It was delicious, fast,  and just the right size. I had the chicken and guac petito burrito. It was yummy and the perfect size for lunch so I wouldn't return to work and fall asleep at my desk. Plus, it even came with some black bean chips. 
I really liked the inside and the staff really kept the line moving. A lot of people came through while we dined without it ever getting too crowded. 
I'm definitely going back and this may become a work lunch staple.After a few months of waiting for Animo to open at their center city location, I was finally able to experience this fantastic burrito and juice bar. The first thing I noted was the coffeehouse feel of the restaurant. As a first timer, I was greeted by the friendly staff and asked what they would recommend. I was enlightened on the history of the restaurant and was happy to support a family owned business. After some deliberation of the menu, I decided to go with the fajita burrito and peligrino which came to about $11. Although the price was a little bit more than I expected, I feel as if it was worth it because of the chips/salsa, the quality ingredients, and customer service. Water was complimentary and had a hint of lemon which was nice. 
If this were ebay I would leave the feedback as AAAAAAAA+++++++++
I will be back again to try something from the juice barI woke up 3 days before my wedding with a sore throat and freaked out.  On my way into the office, I googled solutions.  First, I went to Walgreens where I stocked up on the medication that you have to sign for; the hard sh*t.  Next, I ambled down 17th street to Animo.  I recalled my former boss pleading with them to deliver to our old office, so I was intrigued.  I went up to the counter, and said to the woman "Help me not be sick!".  A shot of ginger and an amazing juice later, I was back on my way to the office with the pharma approach in my pocket, the all natural approach in my belly, and hope restored!  They couldn't have been kinder, or nicer, or more helpful at a time when I needed someone to be kind, nice to me, and helpful.  
I've been back for lunch since... and their food is delish too.  I'm a fan of the petito burritos.  Just think of it as a wrap, and any mexiconfusion will get all cleared up.  For dessert, there is nothing like the frozen banana whip!  Add peanut butter and chocolate... and while it doesn't mimic ice cream at all... its a healthy treat that satiates like nobodys business.
Thank you Animo!First and foremost this is a cool little spot which is great to sit near the window and creepily stare at people as they walk past.....
The drink and food selections are vast and really good. However, for a nutritional juice/food bar, how do you not have any nutritional information? It would seem that the crowd you're drawing in here is health conscious, as I walked a mile away from my hotel to check the place out and avoid most other places along the way.
All I had here was the Chicken and Hummus bowl and added quinoa to it and it was really good! The chicken had a great seasoning to it and the food was fresh as well. Next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd definitely come back to try a protein shake!This place has a great selection of juices and burritos/burrito bowls. However, I've found that everything is pretty inconsistent.  I've had instances where my drink was pure ice and barely tasted like fruit. Other times I waited for 20+ minutes for a juice that was never made. But all in all, it's fresh, healthy and convenient. Try The kale quinoa burrito, it's amazing.I'm kicking myself for not trying Animo sooner since I work so close! All my lunch prayers have been answered! 
My first time was everything I had hoped it would be. I got a fajita style chicken burrito bowl w guac, sour cream, lettuce and tomato; along with a cin city smoothie. 
It was so good that I wanted to inhale it all immediately, so filling that it took away the sting of the semi-high price tag, and it reassured me that I could pretty much order anything off the menu and not feel guilty about it. I will for sure be back, and extra props to Animo for the sweet potato chips that was just the icing on the cake of this dream lunch.Great lunch spot in a busy part of the city with fresh ingredients and unique flavor combinations! I had the hummus and veggie in a petito bowl, it was a very filling lunch and the black corn chips added a tasty crunch.Not a bad place for lunch but the cost v. quality/quantity of the food you get leaves a bit to be desired.Fantastic place! I was in Philadelphia vacationing for 3 days, and came here for 2 lunches, 2 breakfasts, and 1 dinner. Tons of great gluten free options. Their breakfast burritos on gluten free tortillas were outstanding! All free-range eggs, all organic ingredients, all freshly made, and you can taste it in the food.  I also tried a kale salad that was huge, very filling, and delicious, and a tortilla-less burrito. The chicken was incredible, I don't know how they got it that soft with that much flavor in it. I had some of the fresh juices and a shot of wheatgrass with a side of pineapple chunk! So good! I wish this place was closer to where I lived - I'd go daily! :)Awesome burritos!  I always get the Haight and Ashbury Pepito and it's delicious.  Very good guacamole too.  I haven't had any of the juices though, just the food.Please stop watering down your hot sauce. It is tasty, but has the consistency of water which is gross.Fresh food and drinks with really healthy options.  I cant think of any similar restaurant/cafe in the area except for fuel.  And this is better.  They have new seasonal offers which is pretty cool ( Currently have an acai bowl that is great) Pricey but worth it.  They could expand their breakfast options a bit though.Really disappointed -- missing ingredient, charged for item not received, and sort of a long wait. I ordered the Southwestern bowl with pulled pork. It was supposed to come with sour cream but did not. I paid for a side of pico de gallo that I did not receive. It was basically just rice, pork, and cheese with a few grilled fajita veggies and a little salsa. Pretty bland. Thank goodness there is hot sauce in my office or it would have been dismal. I guess you're supposed to request lettuce and tomatoes if you want them but that wasn't clear to me. 
The cashier also assumed I wanted a large when the small is really more of a regular size. I guess to try to trick people into spending more. The pork was decent though and I like that they have brown rice instead of white. If I ever go back, I'll just be VERY specific with my order and check it before I leave, advice I should have taken from another review.I really want to love this place. The quality of food is good and the location is great for breakfast or lunch during the work week. BUT they cannot get an order correct and the service is extremely slow. What is taking so long if you're not making orders precisely how they are placed? My latest visit, I purposely went at 11:30am to beat the lunch rush because I know how long they take. I tried to call ahead to avoid a wait, but the phone was out of service. I ordered a burrito bowl. I asked for my receipt to make sure the order was placed properly. The order ticket was correct, but at least 2 ingredients were missing! As a "burrito bar", you can't mess this up! The nature of a "burrito bar" is for people to choose everything they want in it! Very disappointed. There are far too many juice and burrito places around the area to settle for this poor service experience.Today, I tried Animo Juice for lunch and opted for a small burrito bowl. I ordered the works: rice, beans, cheese, guac, jalapenos, and all the salsas. It was better than expected, great actually, and tasted way better than Chiptole and other chains, however, I spent $8.50 for HALF the portion I would receive at an chain restaurant. If I opted for a large, it would be spending nearly $11.00 and that is definitely not in my lunch budget. 
I give props for the tasty and fresh food but a no on the price.This is a fun, fresh real food spot that I'm happy to say I work near.  I've stopped in multiple times, both for breakfast and lunch and I'm down with what they're serving up.
Check your GMO and non-organic ish at the door, you won't find it here.  Animo prides itself on the use of organic, real food to make portable tasty items for those on the go.  Burritos?  Yeah they got them in multiple varieties including meat, vegetarian and vegan.  Soups and salads, yeah, those are no problem either and finally, if you need a smoothie, they have vitamixes running 24/7.
For breakfast, I've had the gimme a beet which comes out in a vibrant red and tastes really light and tangy.  It's a recipe I've tried to make a few times at home but somehow, they best me on it.
For burritos, I dig all of them but I keep going to back to Haight and Ashbury.  It's got everything you need for an indulgent meal and those blue corn chips definitely win me over.
It's certainly not the cheapest spot around but I'll pay for quality ingredients.  Now it's just a matter of getting there early enough to beat the line which most days is significant.Service is somewhat slow and the homeless block the entrances at times, but I can't get enough of their frozen banana custard. I recently switched to a primarily paleo diet, so the fact that there's no additives is fantastic. 
They also have water cups and a pitcher available in the utensil area because paying for a non-alcoholic beverage is a waste :)First visit was okay. But today the acai bowls and burrito were amazing!I just tried the fajita burrito. It was delicious but extremely greasy and a tad on the pricey side. The small size is big enough for any normal sized human to be stuffed. The interior is nice and clean, and the staff was friendly. I work across the street so I will be back to try some of their other menu items.This is a go-to for me usually (priced well, fast, love the kale caesar) but I really hoped I couldve relied on Animo while doing the Whole30 aka no added sugar allowed (among other things).
I asked what was in the house vinaigrette and it took 4 people to answer me, yelling back and forth all over the place and acting annoyed. I would think at a health food place it wouldnt be weird to ask about ingredients.I have a little time to kill before my next meeting so I stop in here to use wifi.  I bought a quick juice shot for now and a juice for later when I'm leaving on one transaction.  They must have screwed up because they made the juice that was supposed to be for later right away. 
The girl that works here just dropped it off.  She was concerned that I wouldn't get the full nutrient value if I let that juice sit for too long.  
Awesome.  
that's 5 stars in my book.Smoothie was good, but this place is a bit pricey. $8 for a large protein shake (24 ounces). Either way, I went out with friends and the food was good. Lovely seating with fresh flowers and infused water for patrons.I am shocked that I have never written a review for this place as I am here at least 3 times a week for lunch or breakfast. The food is consistently fresh and delicious. The staff is just as amazing as the food. So friendly and they always do their best to get your order up quickly. I'm always looking for healthy organic alternatives and this place is dedicated to providing grass fed beef, free range chicken and local organic produce. Proud to support them. Wish there were more locations around the city. My favorites are the border salad with beef, chicken and guacamole burrito and I love love love their MD smoothie minus the Bannana and kiwi to keep the sugar content low. Healthy delicious food!!!I had 48hrs in Philly for work, wanted to find something a bit different; light, healthy, something made by those living in the city. 
That brought me to Animo juice bar. The place had a warm, sort of worn down feel, which made it comfortable to sit in and hang out for a while. The staff were incredibly kind, funny, welcoming, and conversational - the sort of thing you hope for in a place sitting in the heart of a city. 
I got the 16oz Nirvana and the salted peanut butter cookies. The nirvana, made with carrot, mango, banana, and cantaloupe, was superb. It was a proper smoothie; a crisp taste from the cantaloupe and carrot, and a sweet mango flavor made this drink last far too short of a time. 
(The cookies were great as well)
The next time I make it back to this fantastic city, I'll be sure to stop in again for an hour (or four).I don't know when this place opened or if it's new, but when I went in this morning it looked like it was still under construction. 
I ordered the Acai bowl to go and ended up paying more than advertised on their site (the site says $7.25 but it was really $8.25). I don't know if it's my fault for not understanding or this is how an Acai bowl really is, but it was just a smoothie topped with fruit and granola. It was extremely watery and I could have consumed it through a straw. I was not impressed with the amount of fruit or granola, either. For $8.25 I expected a bit more and for it to be like a chia pudding thicker consistency. I definitely won't be back.Had dinner here while in the city for a conference. Not keen on vegan but I followed the crowd here after I saw they had Mexican. Ordered a custom burrito with brown rice, pinto beans, sour cream/guac, and beef. Upon request they made it spicy for me. The burrito was well assembled and the ingredients tasted fresh and high quality, particularly the beef it was loaded with a good quantity and was tender and juicy. Chic interior design with drop ceiling tiles. It was an enjoyable experience. I also had the espresso brownie which was decadent and rich. The brownie in itself made this joint worth it. Would definitely stop here again for lunch or dinner!One of my favorite places in Philly. I love the border salad and their green lemon-aid are my to go options almost every day . Great food and friendly staffVisited Philly for a couple days and wanted a quick, healthy meal. Breakfast burrito is one of the best I've had. Went back the next day to try a smoothie and protein blend did not disappoint. Would be a regular if I lived here.Great addition to the neighborhood.  I have sampled almost all the vegetarian choices on the menu: my favorite lunchtime option is the classic Valencia Street burrito (rice, beans, cheese) with guac.  I can't think of another place in this part of Center City where you can sit down inside a restaurant and eat lunch for $6 (petito size, which I think is plenty - rice & beans are filling).  If the burritos look small to you, get a bowl instead.  It may be in my head, but I think the portions are bigger.  
I love the banana whip for breakfast.  Adding peanut butter or granola makes it more filling.
I generally skip their vegetable juices for those at Sook Hee's Produce in the Comcast Center, but I recommend Animo's green lemonade and ginger snap.  They are tasty, but inconsistently prepared.  The Peruvian Thunder protein blend is super decadent.  
The line gets long during lunchtime.  I try to avoid the place between 12:30 - 1:30.  Otherwise, the service is fast and friendly.I'm so excited that there is a great burrito place near my work that is NOT a friggin' chipotle! 
They make the food fresh, right in front of you. I purchased the Peaches in Paradise blended fruit drink which was amazing..and to eat I had The Fajita burrito. yum! My total came out to be 17.00 A tad on the pricey side.. but it's well worth it considering it's all made completely fresh. 
Also, the decor is adorable.I've mainly tried the protein shakes here and they are always excellent. Also, had the burrito once and it was good but didn't blow me away. The customer service is top notch. Huge shoutout to Tucker who's often working the register. He's always friendly and will even recommend unique additions to your order to make it that much better.Fresh, Organic salad-burrito place. Mix and match kind of menu. Offbeat look on the inside.
Can customize almost everything. Healthy juices and salads. Has an open kitchen visible to everyone. Decent people and quick service time. 
Can be on a bit costlier side considering the location.I like it here a lot, I have never had a burrito or salad but it sounds like I am missing out. I come here for juice, I like the Gimme A Beet, lemon, lime, beet, carrot, and greens. I also am a fan of the Lemon-Aid which is apple, lemon, and greens. They are happy to make your own combination here as well.
I really like the soups, especially the gazpacho and  the carrot ginger soup, I would like if there were an option of a small bread item with the soups like flatbread or something. I am a huge fan of the banana soft serve, it is frozen organic carrots blended and you can top it with whatever you want! I like the granola or fresh fruit. The serving is large enough that it can serve as a quick lunch on really hot days.
I really like it here but it makes me sad it is sort of pricey, and I only go here every once in a while as a treat.I've had Animo twice now and will admit that I am a fan.
The first go around I got the chicken and guacamole burrito, full size. The chicken was tender, the guacamole was tasty and overall, I was satisfied.
Today I opted for a Vegetarian option and went with the kale and quinoa burrito, small size. It came with guacamole and roasted vegetables inside. I also tried the hot sauce today for the first time. It had a smokey flavor that added depth to my burrito, but wasn't overly hot. It was the perfect compliment. I also have to say, the small size was the perfect amount of food for lunch. I was satisfied without being stuffed.
If you dine in, they have water with lime and lemon for free. Tap water I'm sure, but the lime and lemon are nice touches.
The blue corn tortilla chips on the side are a nice addition, too.
I haven't tried any of the smoothies, just because they seem to be a little on the pricey side, but the burritos are fairly priced. My small kale and quinoa burrito today was $6.50.
Oh - for those of you that like their banana dessert, it's something I make at home all the time. Just freeze some bananas and throw them in the food processor with a splash of milk. Voila - faux banana ice cream!A polite man opened the door for me as I entered, not an employee, but another customer. I'm a fan of being around that sort of politeness, as I also like to open doors for people.  
 I ordered a beet juice, which was very good. I did not order any food, so I cannot review on that, but I do wish that Animo would open another location in the 19125 zip code of Philadelphia.  There is a great need for juice bars in my neighborhood, and I am not the only one who thinks so.
As I was walking out, another gentleman held the door open for me. Seems to be a nice crowd there, but really, more people need to open door for each other in general.Food is good, smoothies are amazing. Way overpriced, though. $17 for a salad and smoothie? Even in Center City, that's out of control.I really enjoyed my smoothie bowl. The only down side is that they don't list the fruit that actually goes on top and unfortunately there were a ton of mangoes (I'm allergic). I'll be back for the deconstructed burritos though!I stopped in here to grab lunch quickly while feeling on a health kick. The menu is quite large, so I was glad that I took a look online and made my decision before coming in.
One thing to definitely know - they have two burrito sizes! For someone like me who thinks Chipotle-sized burritos can be a bit much (some days), it's nice to have the "petito" option at Animo.
I loved the chicken and guacamole "petito" and carrot/ ginger soup that I took away for lunch. They were both very flavorful. The petito had a nice vinaigrette that gave a slight tang and kick to what would have otherwise been a boring chicken and veggie wrap.Hours posted online are WRONG. Sent coworker there at 6:45pm to get stuff. Told their juice machine was already turned off and was given a smoothie recommendation. If I wanted a smoothie, I would've asked for a smoothie. Threw it away. Probably won't go back again.If you have no had a Banana Whip/Custard I suggest you come here ASAP. 
Amino offers a lot of healthy vegan options that leave you feeling refreshed and light. I've come here on multiple occasions. If you're watching your waist, a petite burrito will definitely do the trick. My personal favorite is the Kale and Quiona, but please be aware this is coming from a Kale Enthusiast. 
On a different occupation I ordered the greenscile smoothie, which was also delicious but did not completely knock my socks off, the next time I will probably add chia or something a little extra to give it more substance. 
I'm not giving thie 5 stars because of 2 reasons.There are slight miscommunication errors between the register and the cooking staff. Each time I've went to Animo, there is 1 person on the register and a line out the door. Most recently I ordered a Banana Whip, paid for it then found out 10 minutes after the fact that they were out of product. Rather than provide a discount, a coupon or anything for the inconvenience I was asked to switch out for something else. I'm not one to expect anything from everyone, but when you're running a competitive business in Center City, your game should be top notch.  I also noticed a staff member use his gloves to prep food AND to pick up dirty napkins/leftovers from a table. Despite the negatives, the food here is delicious and the staff is always friendly so you can't really go wrong. Just expect a wait if you go near lunchtime!My FAVORITE smoothie place! I fell in love with the PB&J and although it's no longer in the menu, they will still make them. The food is excellent as well. Everything is  fresh, their salads are great and their nachos are delicious. The servers are pleasant and service is quick!Yelp says it opens at 9 on Saturdays. So does their window. I came by at 9:15 and found locked doors and no signs of life. Sad day.Excellent food and worth the high prices. Do not go between 12:30pm and 1pm, or you are waiting for an excessively long time...because everyone is trying to eat good food for lunch!Stopped in Amino a couple weeks ago for a quick smoothie. From a service standpoint - for no one in the store, they could've been a little bit faster. I was quite surprised it took 10 minutes to receive my smoothie. From a smoothie standpoint I ordered the Key Lime Pie. Wasn't my favorite choice and thought it was quite below average for a smoothie.Discovered this place not too long ago. Definitely a big upgrade from that juice bar at Suburban station. They treat their customers right and always cater to my needs. I will definitely be coming here more often. Keep it up guys.Great burritos! Great juice! A very nice healthy soup! I actually live upstairs in the same building and is being a regular now to this place. I usually take some small portion of soup and small burritos with chicken and guacamole - very recommend it! 
But what I like the most is the big potions of healthy green salads with delicious sauces and the option of getting burrito without the bread cover! So it can be as the salad absolutely gluten free!Standing here at Animo and the food prep people still have long uncovered hair.   It's really gross and a ball cap doesn't count as "covered" when your hair is long and still hangs down your back.This place is awesome for any health nut. I come in here once a week and get a wheat grass shots for an extra boost of energy. They're always super nice and give me a slice of pineapple as a chaser. I need to try to their smoothies though, haven't sprung for one yet.Oh gosh I really wanted to like this place more but it just didn't do it. I've only ever tried their burritos here so can't speak for the bowls or salads. The burritos are quite average or less for what you're paying. If I'm going to get the same amount of calories I might as well go to chipotle and get s bigger burrito. I expected it to taste better even though all the ingredients are so healthy! I tried their popular green lemonade drink and wasn't too bad but still nothing memorable.  The concept is great and the staff is always very friendly and offers extra sides of Guac or sauce so that's a plus!
Perhaps I'll return to try their other smoothies and bowls for an updated review,I came here today, and I am really glad that I did! I ordered the quinoa and kale burrito and bought an Animo juice. The burrito was really delicious and full of flavor. The juice was also delicious and very aromatic! From the food to the people who work here that I interacted with, this place really left an impression on me, and I would definitely come back!Even though this place is full of white people, I love it!  Their mission style pepita burritos are the perfect size, and today's special juice shot (lemon, cayenne, something else wonderful) was delicious and perked me right up!  Oh, and the homemade hot sauce/ salsa is quite palatable.  
Yum!5 stars for the kale quinoa burrito bowl.  
5 for the ginger lemon cayenne shot. 
0 stars for plastic utensils.  metal used to be the norm.  kinda bummed about that. 
update 2016 07 19:
I still love it here. feels like homeGreat salad what a first to add chickpeas to the salad instead of croutons a bit pricey but the serving Size are ample.Animo is the perfect healthy lunch spot for people who don't like artificial preservatives, processed foods, empty calories, deep fryers, GMO's or microwave ovens. Everything served here is organic and whole, thus DELICIOUS and energizing. Animo offers a wide variety of juices, ginger and lemon shots, burritos, burrito bowls, frozen banana custard, and acai bowls. Although I've only been for their great lunch, they do offer breakfast as well.
Sometimes there's a long line at peak lunch hour but they do get the food out relatively quickly. The food is really fresh and they have a nice selection of kombucha which is why I keep coming back. They're a little low on seating and the tables really only accommodate parties of 2. Their staff is really pleasant and friendly. This is a great location, right across from the Comcast Center which makes it almost impossible to find parking nearby. The only major downfall to Animo is the cost. I got a burrito bowl with guacamole and kombucha and it came out to $17. Regardless, this is still a go-to for me and I recommend to anyone who wants a healthy yet filling meal. I'm teetering on the 4 stars vs. 5 stars line here.Was just walking downtown and found this place. It has a really cool eclectic feel and amazing burritos. I'd come back to philly just to eat here again.Animo is located only a few steps from my office so it has been a part of my lunch rotation for years. Recently (the past two weeks), they have decided to allow someone to beg for change and sit outside their front door. Shoes off, feet in the doorway. The staff does not seem to care that this affects potential paying customers. In the past I looked beyond the slow service, but this has done it for me. I will not be going back.This is my new favorite spot!!! Everything I have had has been delicious the border salad and the green lemonade are among my favorites.  The service is great always in and out, and the manager that brought me my food was a delight!  Pretty cute too!Love it here.  I am thrilled to see that philly is getting more healthy options.  I would eat here every day if I could.  I do wish they had grass fed and organic meat options.  I would literally eat only here if that were the case.I started working across the street in 2014 but I only recently tried Amino. I got their small egg and cheese breakfast sandwich plus free add ons - spinach, pico de gallo, tomatillo salsa. For a small, which is a great size for breakfast, was only $4.85! It tasted fresh and hearty; Will definitely be back. The only issue I have is that the whole wheat wrap is a little gummy.  Perhaps a quick toast before assembly could reduce this?First time I've eaten here. I love it. I had the chicken & avocado burrito and a popular green lemonade juice. I'm not huge into juice but I really love this green juice.  It didn't look appetizing but it taste awesome! Im definitely making this my new lunch stop!The juice and smoothies at Animo are fantastic. Not to mention the frozen banana (which is a delightful warm weather and guilt-free alternative to ice cream/fro yo). I've been a number of times now (including this morning - I enjoyed the M.D. smoothie) and service is always quick and the employees are friendly. You can see your smoothies and juices being made, and the ingredients always look fresh. I've only had a burrito once and it tasted good but was just a standard burrito - nothing special. The juice, smoothies, and frozen banana are what keep me coming back for more.I got an Acai Bowl from here. It was very runny - it felt like I was eating a smoothie with a spoon. There was barely any fruit and granola, which was disappointing - I would have liked more. The blueberries were very cold and seemed like they hadn't been thawed enough. On the bright side, they do give you a lot of Acai, which some other places don't. All considered, I probably wouldn't get an Acai bowl here again.Had the Golden Gate burrito with cilantro tomatillo salsa and loved it. Fresh and filling vegan lunch in a beautiful space.Pretty good! They had a couple vegan options, I got the chocolate thunder and a side of rice and beans and they were both delightful!This place could be absolutely dangerous if I lived or worked nearby because I would probably visit them all the time.  When I used to take the train to Haddonfield once a week, I would always stop in that location and treat myself to one of their juices or smoothies.  They're kind of pricey, but the ingredients are top-notch, so I can at least kind of understand.  Last week was my first time trying their food and I was blown away by their chicken and guacamole burrito.  The portion (plus the homemade chips that come with your meal) was just the right amount for me, although the woman next to us had ordered some kind of salad and the bowl it was the size of my head.  If you're trying lunch, get here around 1130 if you can because they will explode at noon and you'll get stuck waiting!Blegh, probably the most disgusting burrito I've ever had.  The steak was dry and overcooked.  I specifically ordered the fajita burrito because it didn't have beans, but when I picked it up it was riddled with beans.  All of the burrito components were bland, from the rice to the peppers and onions, not to mention, you don't get a lot.  For $10, I better have a killer burrito!  Ah sad, it would have been a nice addition to my lunch rotation.Delicious, fast and friendly. I was impressed with my chicken and Guac burrito. Great flavour, reasonably sized, and good value. They have a small menu but it covers a lot of territory. Highly recommend this if you want a reals manly healthy and very quick lunch/dinner. 
Also, go for the burrito size, because why not?This place is awesome...The food is so good and fresh...than you add the juice/smoothies made ALL NATURAL...it's fantastic...best 16 dollars I have spent on food...Really healthy and tasty burritos. Alittle pricey thoughAwesome food.   Extremely busy at lunch time but not busy otherwise (Comcast and other major businesses surround it).   Lunch line is long but I usually don't wait more than 5 minutes to order and 5-10 minutes to get food.   I love the vegetarian burrito.  Much "cleaner" tasting than anywhere else.   Very filling.   Very natural.  I am also quite content when I only get just a smoothie or juice for lunch.  The salads look huge but I just can't get around to them.Obsessed with their smoothies. I come here 3-4 times a week and was craving a smoothie this morning but they are closed. Website said open at 10:00 on Saturday. It's 10:15 and no signs of life.This is one of the places in Philly I actually crave on a regular basis. Everything is delicious and you can taste the freshness with every bite. All of the staff is pleasant and does a great job every time I have been there. My favorite is the chicken and guac petito, its perfect for a light lunch. The juices are to die for as well, great quality ingredients in everything!Great burrito - chicken with guac - and great space. Buddy enjoyed his Mission burrito. Exciting addition to neighborhood. Will absolutely return.Not a bad smoothie. Had the cobbler one with almond milk instead of yogurt (vegan) and added greens. I didn't like how liquid the smoothie was... it was not thick at all. It was very tasty though and not too expensive in my opinion.I love Animo and I am a loyal repeat customer. However- they really skimp on the guac sometimes! I pay extra for it, so a generous portion is warranted. Hoping they throw more of my favorite topping on my bowl next time.Uhh, I was craving an acai bowl, and am disappointed by the size/ price, consistency, taste, and composition of the bowl.  It was $9.45 for what looks like 10oz (?) with coconut added. But they blended ice into the acai, used frozen fruit, and it was half runny like a thin bisque. 
Maybe I've been spoiled by Banzai Bowls and Acai Republic in the west coast, but this is really bad. 
I haven't tried any food/ juices.Everything about my meal is beautiful. I got the pipe cleaner smoothie with an açaí bowl. 
The man who delivered me my bowl was so kinda and explained to me, Because I added peanut butter, that he blended some PB in the bowl and then added some on top... a true gem someone give that man a raisenw corner 17th & arch st. 
juices and burritos:  what a great combo! 
there was a long line for lunch that got longer after i sat down to eat.  not too many tables inside so i was wary i would get one.  there were a few outside on arch.  there are menus strategically placed on a decorative bicycle and i was able to peruse them as i waited in line.
eat in and they bring you your food at your table. take out and they bring you your takeout. 
gluten free, vegetarian and vegan options.  
kale & quinoa burrito on lettuce:  on lettuce meant it came in an ikea bowl.  i decided not to get the wrap and avoid the carbs.  otherwise, this would have made a burrito about the size of a football.  it was so simple and so tasty.  i know i could make this at home in 15 minutes but dang it was good.  i contemplated licking the bottom of the bowl.  the green tomatillo was just hot enough.
salty blue corn chips served with the meal helped scoop the bottom of the bowl.
juice bar - ginger snap:  tart and tasty brought quickly. 
self serve napkins and utensils, lemon lime water and glasses.
i say yay!  
i want to franchise this in my town.Love this place! Their drinks and food are delicious. The chicken and guacamole petito burrito is my favorite. Service is good too.Meh- it's just okay. While health food definitely can taste good, everything here is mostly flavorless and lacking creativity - health food can taste good.  Definitely way overpriced... You just charged me how much for a bowl of kale drizzled with olive oil and lemon?So, every freakin time I go here, I have to order the banana custard. It's a healthy alternative to ice cream that's made of literally JUST bananas (and *magic*). I have no idea how they make it taste so good, but I'm obsessed, and *bonus* it's the cheapest thing on the menu. YAAAS.
WELL...today I went to Animo and in the busy hustle, someone managed to STEAL my banana custard before it even made it to me. And hey, I get it, it's damn delicious. But also, NO.
Anyway, when I told an employee who happened to be the manager on duty, he said he wanted to make it up to me and made me an extra special version of the custard with tons of toppings for no extra charge. He delivered it personally and checked to make sure I liked it a few minutes later. Talk about amazing custardmer sevice. (Sorry, I had to.)
Thanks, Animo. You're a gem!
(Also, if I could give a tiny piece of feedback, your AC is a bit aggressively cold.)
'DELICIOUS! stopped by for lunch after a yoga class and loved everything! my sister and I split the chicken and guac burrito-SO. GOOD. then we each got an acai bowl with peanut butter added. the acai bowls were amazing and the peanut butter was a great addition. the atmosphere is nice and definitely a fun place to sit and enjoy the amazing food! can't wait to come back and try a juice!!!Really good options. I got a blended bowl and my wife got the biggest salad I've ever seen. Everything so fresh. Would definitely recommend.Finally caved and decided to come in here for lunch.  There was no line at around 1PM and my salad came out very quickly.  It was also the best salad I've ever had in my whole life.  The Border salad with guacamole and chicken and the cilantro lime vinaigrette is AMAZING.  I think I may be addicted...!Not a combination I really expected but one I'm really really glad exists. Amazing burrito (chicken golden gate) and really good juice too (paradise I think?)Too bad 0 stars isn't an option. Just waited 45 minutes to get an acai bowl. Yes, you read that correct, 45 minutes for a bowl of fruit. What goes into making a bowl of fruit? hmmmm. All that tough scooping and chopping. Unbelievable. Asked multiple times when it would be ready and was met by a blank stare. I'm still steaming. Will never go back. Worst customer experience I've ever had. It'd be one thing if what was ordered required some level of preparation or expertise, but clearly the staff at Amino is beyond incompetent.Hyped to have finally been able to get to an Animo Juice. Luckily, this location is right by my husbands office so we grabbed a quick lunch here today. 
We both ordered the Border Salad and it was perfection. So fresh and delicious. A very generous amount of guacamole on top too which blended perfectly with the dressing. I can't stress enough how great this salad was. A bit pricey, but I will definitely be back.
There juices look awesome too. I especially had my eye on the Coast to Coast and Spa Treatment!I just choked down the worst/most overpriced burrito I've ever had. I paid 2 extra dollars for "protein" i.e. veggies. Mushrooms are not a protein! Besides, half of it was filled with the free lettuce and huge, raw chunks of jalapeño, not the "protein." I like really spicy food, but the jalapeño chucks were bigger than the tomatoes. What a joke! I'm really angry I wasted 9.75 on this. I would have had a better experience eating falafel literally off the street.Excellent smoothies. Food is made really fast, too. Excellent spot for a quick & healthy breakfast or lunch. Cin City smoothie is notably good. Kale & quinoa burrito is also solid.Just paid $11.25 for a watered down acai bowl, a portion size which is so laughably small that I'll have to spend the same amount of money else where for an actual breakfast to feel full. The girl working the register when I came in did a disservice to her store by telling the customer in front of me that none of the Kombuchas where sweet and the guy wouldn't like them.... They are Babas brew which are probably the sweetest most pleasant tasting Kombuchas I've tried in the city. I'm giving it two stars because at least my service was quick and it's not busy here in the morning. The bowl was tasty but it's bananas and almond milk with fruit so hard to mess that up flavor wise. Just wish I didn't pay for an overpriced smoothie in a child's sized bowl for something less than stellar that I could of made at home.The Specialty Blends at their Juice Bar are on the thick side, so they're more like a well-blended smoothie than a juice. This is a great thing in my opinion. I've been to the Haddonfield location before and liked it a little better than this one, only because this location seems much too small to hold the lunchtime rush. Otherwise, love the food and drink here!Definitely going back. All I had was a smoothie this time but the salads look amazing and the service is quick and friendly. It was pretty packed too so I'm surprised everything was finished so quickly!Steak fajita bowl over lettuce:
The steak was more of a shredded beef than the sliced steak I was expecting, but it was tender and Animo even took the time to brown the meat to get it charred. The tomatillo sauce worked well mixed with the meat. I really enjoyed the roasted veggies, which included portobello mushrooms, onions, and tomatoes. The beans, rice, and guac were all well seasoned. There were only a few strands of cheese spread over the bowl, so my only complaint would have been more cheese. A side of blue corn tortilla chips was included.
For this combo, the small size was $7.50.  This was a lot of food, there is no way you could fit this inside a burrito, so I definitely suggest choosing the bowl option over the burrito. If I were to go back, I would make two adjustments. My friend's pork bowl was even better than the steak, I would make that swap. Secondly, I the lettuce under these particular toppings was a bit weird, I would instead be a little less healthy and go for the option of a tortilla chip base.The freshest, most delicious salads and soups!!! I've been coming for a few months now and it's always like walking into a summer garden.  Can't get enough of the Cilantro lime salad dressing on the border salad.  Tonight I tried the sweet potato leek soup and it was amazing.  I will always come back for more!!Wow, what can I say?  This place is awesome!  I visited Animo Juice for the first time yesterday for lunch, and it is no wonder why the place was packed.  I was enticed to come here after hearing about their use of very fresh, organic ingredients and I was super impressed.  I ordered the Simply Delicious juice, which was out of this world (I wish I got the larger size)!  I also got the Kale and Quinoa burrito over a bed of spinach instead of the tortilla and it was perfect.  The salsa gave it a spicy kick that blended everything together really well.  The portion was rather small for a burrito bowl, but the quinoa, kale, and beans in it were filling.  Paid a little over $15 and I know I could get lunch cheaper elsewhere, but this was just so good.  So if you are looking for something fresh and don't mind spending the few extra bucks, I recommend this place.Healthy AND delicious food is rare combo but Amino does it well! I ordered the kale and quinoa burrito bowel and added chicken ($). It was a tasty burrito bowl, but it honestly tasted more like a salad than a burrito. But the real winner is the banana whip - frozen banana churned into ice cream. So simple but so good and even better with toppings!We just happened in during a business day trip to Philly recently and we were WAY overdue for lunch.  The chicken burrito with hummus I ordered was tasty.  But the real star of the show here is the frozen banana custard, which isn't custard at all (as I understand it) but basically frozen banana puree which comes out like a creamy banana ice cream.  It blew me a way.  I got some peanut butter on top and it was freakin' fantastic.Love the concept. Love the building.
First time I had a juice it was amazing!!!! 
2nd and 3rd time was meh. I was disappointed.
Very inconsistent. Employees were super helpful though. 
Going to give it one more try.Wow. Just wow. 
Awesome and amazing food!!! 
Do NOT miss this place. I got the Kale and Quinoa burrito. 
I also decided on a Lime Lite and wheatgrass shot. 
Awesome. I WILL be back. No doubt about it.I never really go this far north in Center City to be honest, but I'm glad I got to try out Animo! I got a banana whip with coconut and chocolate tahini. The texture was creamy, smooth, and with the add-ins it was overall extremely indulgent. For anyone who hasn't tried chocolate tahini yet, the cashier accurately described it as "Nutella on crack"! It's amazing but not overly sweet. 
I deducted a star because the whip was $5 and for something that's literally mostly banana, I can't justify spending that much! (Also, I had a sip of my friend's Energizer smoothie and it was overwhelmed by the peanut butter and banana flavors that you couldn't taste any of the others like dates or granola)I go through a phase of getting breakfast/lunch from Animo quite frequently! Very delicious, but extremely expensive. There salads use to be plentiful until recently and there burrito is pretty small for the price too. But alas its across the street from my job and a great healthy option to a lot of junk. The white lightning smoothie is crazy good!If you look at most of my reviews you will see that they are generally positive so I am very confused as to how this place has received 53 ratings (at the time of writing) and an average of 5 stars.  This place is down the block from where I live and I watched the construction for months.  Since fresh juice and mexican food are two of my favorite things I could not wait for it to open.What I found was bland overpriced food and fresh overpriced juice.  The staff is consistently lackluster and the ambience is lackluster too.  I found the portions small for the cost.  Much better bang for your buck get fresh juice from Sookhees produce in the comcast center and go to Qudoba or Chipoltle for your burrito fix!This is a four-star rating for Amino's Breakfast Burrito only. I am sucker for made to order fresh Mexican food and if you can provide me breakfast in a burrito; I am all in! Now, I have to admit for breakfast, it is probably not the price you are inclined to pay but its definitely satisfying. With the Wawa next door, it was empty when I arrived around 8 AM but their lunch items look and sound great. 
Amino is FRESH. Fresh salads, smoothies and burritos. Food free of added junk. So, if you doing a detox and/or watching what you are consuming, Amino Juice is definitely worth checking out.I had the fajita burrito: it was blandest burrito I've ever had... The beans were bland, the "hot" sauce had no flavor or heat, the rice just took up real estate, and the only thing I could taste was an occasional pepper.  Of course they forgot the guac, which my take-out buddy said was the best part :(.
I can't speak to the juice, but Mexican Post is better,faster, and more reasonably priced if you want a burrito.Super juices, best in Philly! Great solid food options too. Nice green and woodsy atmosphere with helpful and polite staff. Healthy options in the shadow of Comcast towers.Yummy food! Great spot for lunch but go early because the line gets so long. A bit overpriced but I still pay it.Wavered between a 3 and a 4 star. The food was pretty good. I came on a weekend morning to grab some food and do some work. They have free wifi and a couple of outlets. The staff were friendly, especially early on a weekend. 
I got the Papayay bowl with an addition of spirulina and protein. The bowl looks small but it's definitely a lot of food! The bowl tasted good, but not amazing. There also weren't bananas on my bowl as advertised on the menu. Also, spirulina usually has a pretty strong taste, but I couldn't taste it at all in my bowl. Either they didn't add very much or forgot it? Since it's all blended, you can't really tell. Overall, it was a little disappointing but not bad tasting. I might go again and try something else, but only if I'm in the area or feeling particular about the food there.Really liked the orange turmeric shot and the lemon balm got tea. I love Mexican food and healthy smoothies/ juices so wish the concept would open another location in CO!Coming to Animo I had such high expectations. When I saw the menu I immediately thought, a perfect paleo friendly place where I can order breakfast, lunch and/or dinner!  I finally got a chance to come eat there today and I was pleased for the most part. However, when I asked them to remove the blue corn chips I found soggy chips mixed in with my salad. Was it too much to ask to have a perfect first experience? I guess so. But they said it themselves, they're not perfect and I forgive them. Maybe they just need to pay attention to the little details next time. I also ordered a juice-- lime light or something which i found rather tasty. I've had better with Ryan crowns juice which use a combination of similar ingredients (huge fan of Ryan crowns juice!) Anyway, the food is affordable and definitely tasty! They give a generous amount of salad for take out. So much that I was able to put some salad in two different bowls for tomorrow's breakfast and lunch. You can definitely binge on a sweet treat without the guilt of "breaking your diet." 
I most definitely will come back!Acai bowl was bland. Tasted watered down. I've had better at chainsI really liked the burrito or the (petito) I got here, but I think it was fairly over priced for what I ordered and honestly I'd rather go to chipotle next time. That being said, a lot of my coworkers adore this place and their pitaya bowls do look really good. Service was fast and friendly, although it was difficult for me to read their menu. All in all, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back at all but if I worked closer to the area I could see myself coming here a few times a month.I had the Haight Ashbury Burrito.  Not bad...sorta bland and the tortilla could have been less mushy.My favorite lunch place these days.All I love about this place is the freshness and helps me eat clean .the authenticity of food is what makes me visit them almost daily :)DIRTY - Want to like this place because it is convenient.  But I just spent over $10 for food I gave to my dog. The employees touch receipts, then pick up your food with their hands. Yup, holding receipts, then pick up my lettuce,  etc. right from their dirty hands into my bowl. I asked if I could return the food and they said no since they had made it. Um, receipts have toxic materials and handling them while handling food is just nasty.Alright, where has this place been hiding all of my life?!
Wandered into here about 5 minutes before they were closing, but they didn't seem to have any problem with letting me order. I had the Chicken and Guac Burrito (with hot salsa and jalepenos) and MY OH MY how amazing was it you ask? It was EVERYTHING. I really can't put in words how good this meal was and how I was craving it everyday for the next two weeks following this meal.
At the cashier's suggestion, I also got the paradise smoothie. I forget what was in it - there was definitely mango - but it was DELICIOUS. Who would have thought burrito and smoothie would make the perfect combination?!
Everything tasted so fresh, flavorful, and was clearly made with a lot of love. I don't know if I was famished that day, but there was something about that meal that made it phenomenal. I plan to go back here often. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.I ordered vegan burrito bowl and I got pice of meat at the end. I am a frequent eater here but will not be returning.Probably my favorite quick lunch place in Center City.  It's priced well, decent smoothie and burritos options.   The chicken and guacamole is my favorite.  Don't know if it is healthy, but it seems relatively healthy.  Burritos have different sizes and I usually don't feel stuffed when I walk out of there.Animo is pretty great for smoothies. I typically make my own green smoothies at home but sometimes when I'm feeling lazy I will pick one up at Animo instead. I love Chocolate Thunder and Cin City. I never thought to put cinnamon in my smoothies until I had it here and it was amazing! I would like them even more if the smoothies could be a little thicker. I like mine to be more like a shake.Pretty hard to mess up an acai bowl but this place somehow managed it. The acai mixture was completely frozen when I got it. It was basically like a huge bowl of sorbet. The guy behind the counter said they premake them and freeze them. Still took them more than 5 minutes to throw some fruit and granola on top and there was no one else in line.This place is refreshingly new and the food is pretty good. 
Unfortunately the food staff doesn't wear hair nets, even the manager who was making food had her long brown hair down (not even in a pony tail), and other cooks can be seen chomping away on gum while making your food. Maybe it's just me but It's pretty disgusting. Today I found a hair in my burrito, they were nice and gave me cash for the burrito and a burrito on the house but I don't think I'll be back until they get hair nets (I'd settle for a pony tail). 
Disappointing the food is quiet good.PLEASE READ THIS -So my first visit was wonderful, food was great so I come back because I was happy with the food. On my second visit I order a salad, but this time my salad was accompanied by a huge piece of plastic sitting in my salad ! The piece of plastic was blue, so I don't understand how you serve someone a salad with a huge piece of blue plastic. Here is the icing on the cake.. I took it back to the counter and I went back to my seat and the employee was like " well what do you want another salad or a refund" . Any person with common sense would offer both. I will not be back, they lack basic Sanitation and customer service.Cold service, small food. I hate leaving this review; from the outside, the place has such a positive vibe. I ordered a 10 inch burrito but it was in reality, about 5 inches. And, 10 bucks. The topper was that when I went to order, the sign said "cashier or self-serve kiosk". I stood in front of the cashier who was on the phone. She stayed on her call and eyed the kiosk. Okay, so no cashier ordering... As far as the food, some of the rice was dried out and tough. But, the food makers are polite, and the only redeeming light in this heck-hole.When I see healthy restaurants opening up, I jump of joy! 
I'm glad that Amino presents recipes of freshly, squeezed juices, smoothies, burritos, and salads. This is another restaurant that I enjoy having a meal without worries that it will contain "junky" ingredients or ask to get a certain ingredient out of the dish I'd like to order.  I love how big their salads are and how tasty and nutritious their juices/shakes can be. Not only they have these on their menu, but they also have other items such as a shot of fresh, pressed wheatgrass, a shot of spirulina that may be unfamiliar to many customers. Make sure you take your time when your order and ask if you don't know what an ingredient is. 
On my last visit, I got a Paradise shake. Heavenly, of course! Other dishes/juices that you may like is the Lime Light juice made out of apples, celery, carrot and lime - very refreshing and rejuvenating, the Nutty Honey burrito breakfast - a petito should be filling, or the Green Quinoa salad - comes with a very flavorful dressing. 
Service is friendly and quick. Also, they are part of Belly cards now. So, next time that you go to the register, grab ones of those cards and sign up. You'll get points for each visit that will add up to get  rewards along the way.I used to come here a lot but now that they fully automated their ordering, I'm done. For the prices they charge (and they just raised them a lot) you should be able to order with a human being. Another example of a new agey, "healthy" company that is ripping off customers and their workers.I can't begin to say how thankful I am to the staff today.  I came in and ordered a smoothie because I am pregnant, and try to get additional vitamins and healthy ingredients when I can.  I ordered, and the girls behind the counter made my drink.  When I turned to leave, they noticed my pregnant belly, and immediately stopped me because the drink that I had ordered had cat's claw in it.  I had no idea that it could cause serious harm to my unborn baby, and they happily made me another smoothie.  I cannot say how much I appreciate them, and their concern for their guests.Burrito disappointment. Ordered the Kale & Quinoa burrito with pork for additional $. Should be named "Beans & Beans with 1/2 kale leaf and a dash of quinoa Burrito". Oh, & got one, just 1 piece of pork.  Not worth the line and def not worth the money.Healthy and delicious at a reasonable price. That about covers it.  No need to bombard you with big words and witty analogies.
But listen, The Chicken and Guac Burrito was one of the best I've ever had.  And the Cin City smoothie is damn good.  
Animo is Spanish for Energy, and you will feel energized after eating here.  You feel lighter on the feet, not the wallet.
Check it out.All the food is really good.  The people are cool.  Be wary if you come during peak times, as the wait is crazy long.  Killer wait times. All good otherwise.This place is a joke. Ordered ahead of time and went there to pick it up, A employee asked me what I am here to pick up. Provided my name and she goes, what is it. Food. 10 min later she hands me brown bag simultaneously with someone order. No name nothing on the bag. I asked what's the name on it. She goes "whatever the name.."
Fuck this store. I now know 12 of my colleague who eat out will NEVER go there. She was extremely rude and she does not belong in any places where customer service is necessary.I want to love this spot, and I used to eat here almost daily since I work around the corner, however the service was so bad I had to stop going. 
I'll start with the good stuff:
Their burrito bowls and salads are amazing; delicious, healthy, and filling. They have a ton of vegan and vegetarian options. This place has a ton of potential and I love that this place is a hearty, healthy option in the city. 
The not so good stuff:
The customer service can be rude, slow, and incredibly frustrating. Though you can customize their menu options, you should bank on them messing it up. If they do mess up your order, no they will not remake it, you will have to reorder it and pay again, and even then they may mess it up.
It can take forever to get your smoothie, often times I saw a staff member neglect a ticket as they chatted or did nothing for a while while multiple orders were hanging. And sometimes they'll make your smoothie and put it in a fridge until you ask where your smoothie is (????). 
The smoothies often had a weird soap taste and they often use fruit that isn't ripe and leaves you with a waste of money in a cup, and a literal bad taste in your mouth. 
For a while the terrible service was worth the food but 
the final straw for me was ordering a Maria's Favorite with real cheese in a bed of lettuce to-go (something I ordered almost every time I went). When I got my order it was in a wrap, so I told them what I had ordered and rather then correct it they told me that the Maria's favorite comes in a wrap and if I want it done differently I have to go to the cashier and reorder. I needed to get to work and didn't have time to argue about the absurdity of this so I went to the cashier ordered the exact same thing (paid a second time), double checking that it would be in a bowl this time and sat at a table to wait. I got my order, it was in a bowl, I walked to work and discovered they had omitted almost every ingredient, including the lettuce,sweet potatoes, etc. Hangry and low on time I ran back over told them about the errors in my order and they threw some of the ingredients on top and handed it back to me. No apologies. No refunds. And $35 later I decided no food was worth the frustration that is their customer service. 
I really hope the owner(s) sees this and either retrains their staff or hires new members. Everything else they've done with the place is amazing. I would love to start coming back here again, but I can't afford to throw away my money.Short answer is this place is a gold mine. 
This is my first Yelp review. I felt like I needed to review this place to encourage anyone, but mainly the people in their 20s-30s, to stop by and have a juice and a burrito bowl! I say this age range specifically because of the music played inside. I love it. 
Sitting enjoying my beet lemon ginger juice while munching on my Southwest burrito bowl and listening to Deta Spirit followed by Animal Collective... It's as if they stole my iTunes favorites playlist and kept it rolling. 
Throw some "Sizzle" on that burrito bowl too! 
Amazing.This place is right across the street from my work so I obviously had to try it out and have gone back quite a few times. I really like their juice blends (aka smoothies). Today I had the MD with carrot, greens, orange, apple, kiwi, banana, and spirulina (they say it increases energy, not sure about that since I'm exhausted). It is really tasty even though it has a dark green color (my boss noted she would never drink something that color) - it is really sweet from all the fruit. I also like the "Real Deal". The smoothies are a good size for the price and pretty filling.
They also have burritos and salads here. The salads look humongous, though I have never had one. I had the chicken and guacamole burrito and it was pretty good.
I also enjoy the decor. They have fresh flowers on every table :)As always. Amino Juice is awesome!! Especially when I do a fast!!! Juices and smoothies at a fairly descent price...I did pickup on my order of food and never received it. Probably waited 15-20 minutes and even asked. They said they don't know what happened to it and to wait. The attitude was a bit ruder than expected since I was the one who has the food missing. I just decided to leave and call it a day. Definitely won't be returning or ordering here again.I have walked by this place a thousand times and always wanted to stop. Found them on caviar and ordered the vegan soup of the day and a pipe cleaner smoothie.  I am so delighted by their food. Healthy and yummy.  Smoothie came cold and thick and the soup was super hot! I'm going to start working my way through the menu!I was skeptical the first time I walked by this place. Seriously, burritos and juice? When did that become a thing? I guess I am just out of touch with the new normal. But, I I tried it out one day for lunch during the work week and I was pleasantly surprised about the burrito bowls.  There is nothing that I like better than a very well-prepared bowl of rice beans cheese guacamole and pork Carnitas. And their version of this at Animo (I believe it is called the Haight Ashbury) is excellent.  I would highly recommend for any burrito lover. . This place is very good.Smoothies are good if you feel like waiting a half hour for it. It was not even crowded and I waited 24 minutes for a smoothie. They only made it because I went up to them and complained that I haven't gotten my drinkI got one of the Signature Blends called Nirvana. It had cantaloupe, mango, carrot juice, banana, and low fat yogurt. The cantaloupe overwhelmed the other ingredients. I really couldn't taste the mango. I enjoyed the less thick consistency so it was easy to sip. Overall, it was an okay smoothie experience. None of the juices interested me. I will probably go back and try one of the green smoothies.