Hands down best breakfast in Philly!  I've only been here for four months, but I have tried nearly every "Best of" spot in town.  I'm a breakfast fanatic so I get little over critical.  However, this small cafe has managed to create incredible flavor while keeping their dishes fresh and simplistic.  While the actual space is "cozy," this menu could easily keep a place as big as Parc overflowing with patrons.The atmosphere was nice and small. Very busy for brunch, expect at least a 30-45 minute wait. I recommend the spinach, caramelized onion and goat cheese omelet, but request a little less goat cheese. (this one was way too much, would have been better with 1/2 the amount).  Oh and the fruit was served perfectly ripe. Cash only.You know when you go to place, have an ok meal and then you forget it exists? That is Ants Pants Cafe: forgetable. 
I don't know why I forgot Ants Pants the first time. I think I enjoyed my food and the service was fine. I think it was that Ants Pants was merely unexceptional. 
Today, a friend suggested Ants Pants. I thought, "Oh yeah. That place." We wandered over from my job and had a very late brunch. I had two eggs and my friend had a salad. Both plates were good, but nothing struck a chord. There should be something you tell your friends with relish or with venom. There should be something that sticks out about a place. The atmosphere at Ants Pants wreaks of BLAH. 
I can say that whoever designed Ants Pants is a genius of spatial planning. For a place so small , they smanage to fit 24 seats well enough. But should seating charts spring to mind for where you go for brunch? 
No. Very Blah.My favorite local go-to place for yummy grub.  Ants Pants has not disappointed me yet! Food is always delicious and price is good. Love, love their shoe string fries! Salads are fresh and sandwiches are fancy. I give it 4 stars because they do not accept credit cards; it is cash only and they do have an ATM machine.The food is quite good (and at a lower price than other, similar popular brunch spots in philly). The stuffed french toast, smoothies, and fries were all delicious. The wait is usually a bit long b/c seating is very limited.Went for brunch this past Sunday. The hostess was very nice and efficient, offering us coffee and letting us know how long the wait would be.  Unfortunately, the wait for a table is WAY TOO LONG, and then the wait for service is WORSE.  We got there a little after 10:30 am, and the waitress said the wait would be about a half hour.  So we waited outside.  She was very nice, giving us coffee and refills while we waited.  After about 30 minutes, she asked us to stand inside the restaurant, saying it would speed-up seating. We then waited another 15 minutes.  We finally sat down at a table, and ordered our food.  Our food did not arrive until noon!  I had the bacon stack, which was tasty.  Unfortunately, I need to agree with other reviewers--the food does not justify the wait.Seriously Ants Pants?  It's time to step up your game.  I've loved you for a long time but recently the quality and consistency seems to have slid downhill.  Today's chicken/red pepper/avocado sammy was an embarrassment. Smearing a rotten avocado all over my baguette?  Did you think I wouldn't notice?  Wilted lettuce for the salad?  FOR 9$?  
Also,when I order a bagel sandwich to-go, if you could do more than throw the thing in a paper bag (wrap it in foil?)  that would be great.  
The details count.  Don't make me break up with you for good!Brunch was solid. I got the Stack, friends got French Toast w/ Brie cheese. Coffee was good, wait time was minimal and service was great. Highly recommended.We had the Italian sausage sweet potato hash, the beef sweet potato hash and the Brie stuffed French toast. It was amazing and I am now swimming in a glorious food coma. I will come back here over and over again. It's packed and a little loud in here, but I would expect that from an awesome brunch place. Just be prepared to wait 15-20 mins for your table on a Saturday/Sunday.had brunch with two friends one weekend day. one of the diners chose ant's pants. i've walked by this establishment on the way to work and didn't realize how cramped and small it is until i came for brunch. even though we arrived at like 9am (or some relatively early time), the place was packed - both in terms of seated and waiting diners. the layout of the place isn't the best; there's a long, narrow walkway to get to the seating area, in which those waiting for a seat are standing and those trying to pay a bill are waiting near the cashier. it can be hard to maneuver without accidentally bumping into someone. 
the food was ok. i got an omelet with veggies and cheese with a side of fruit. it was pretty standard - nothing that blew my mind. the fruit was a little wimpy in terms of size and taste but it got the job done.  price was reasonable - i don't remember being shocked at my portion of the bill.
nota bene: your party won't be seated until everyone arrives. this makes perfect sense because this restaurant is incredibly busy and needs to turn over tables quickly.The food is always amazing here! That's really all I have to say. Creative, delicious sandwiches, wonderful fries. Nice service. Do visit, prepare to wait, but it's worth it.Oh Ants Pants, you are the sunshine of our neighborhood.  Even though the selection of food isn't very vast, everything I've touched on the menu (which I'm pretty sure is all of it) is very, very good in a homemade meal way.  The staff is the greatest... from Paul to Teresa, to the owner herself.  They make you feel at home and never rushed.  They aren't afraid to voice their opinions on what is especially good that day, and take the time to small chat without seeming obligated.  There's a cute outdoor area in the back, and it's fairly easy to grab and go if that's your intention.  Beware that the place is small, but crowds seem to get in and out fairly quickly... mainly because the food comes out fast; hard to believe when only cooking on a couple burners and a toaster over.  The name Ants Pants can translate into The Bee's Knees in the US... I'm not really sure how either reference came into play, but it stands true at Ants Pants.  You'll end up being happy for half the day after eating here, and might meet some new friends along the way.
Note: get the bacon stack, and any soup special they have.every time I am in here, I'm amazed at how rude the cashier is and how indifferent the servers are. food is overpriced. menu is not exciting or original.Long waits for our table/menus/food/the bill, plus tim-tams missing from the menu made the beautiful Sunday spent in the back courtyard at Ants Pants a little lackluster. Up your game!Ants Pants puts a bit of a spin on Brunching in Philly. I'm used to doing brunch in places where eggs and cheese and breakfast meats and sweet treats like french toast over flow on your plate. 
It's not that the servings at Ants Pants are skimpy, far from it, but I don't leave there feeling like I overdid it or won't eat again for days. I also love that some of the menu items are slightly unusual or interesting. My favorite is the bacon stack; (which gets a thumbs up just in name alone), a delicious piece of thick toasted bread topped with a fried egg, bacon. arugula and shaved pecorino. This tastes like something my Mom used to make for us when we were little, it was late Spring and the garden had started to produce the yummiest greens I've ever eaten.   
The other nice thing about Ants Pants is that it is easy walking distance from center city, but far enough west that you will be able to find parking on Sunday morning. Be prepared to wait though, Ant's Pants is far from its days as a hidden gem.This is my husband's favorite brunch place. It's hard to get him to go anywhere else! Their yogurt parfait is the absolute best in the city. Their specials are always creative, and on point. Food is consistently delicious. The thing I love most about Ants Pants is the portioning of the food. Some brunch places give you nonsensical portions, and I always feel bad, because I feel like I'm wasting food. Ants Pants gives you very reasonable portions. We always have the same server, and he is super sweet and attentive, even when he's the only one there!Was there today morning. Awesome place! Cosy atmosphere, tasty food, huge portions and affordable pricing! Also the coffee there is pretty good. Got very tasty cappuccino for $3.5.Best breakfast in graduate hospital area! I would give it 6 stars if I could. The male waiter that is always there is awesome! The menu has so many delicious options you can switch it up every time you go and never be disappointed. They have fresh squeezed juices that are so yummy you must try. And it's byob don't forget!Nearby our place which is convenient. I am not sure how the breakfast daily operations work but it may be a better time to go. First of all cash only. We went for brunch and sat in the outdoor patio. Was not sure the whole time who our waiter was. Long wait from order to food order. My omelette was great and and full of protein but my wife's egg sandwich was something left to be desired. Very hard bun with little flavor. Maybe she got the wrong thing so we will likely come back to get different plates. Have heard great things about this place but did not live up to the hype this time.I came to visit Philadelphia with my boyfriend on a cute little weekend trip and this was such an adorable brunch spot! There was a wait but the food made the wait worth it! Unfortunately the space inside is quite small when they have a full house so even when we sat down we felt very clustered. They have a garden area in the back that looks really cute too.  
The food portion was definitely generous. I love their hand cut chip fries, seasoned and fried really nicely. The salmon eggs Benedict were also very good, the eggs were poached perfectly.Most of the seating for this Australian-themed brunch place is tucked behind the kitchen, so I wasn't impressed when first I walked in.  There is window bar-style seating which is kind of diner-ish.  Once seated, however, I loved the warm, simple IKEA-esque decor and the friendly but not fussy staff.
The quality of the ingredients is excellent and healthy (i.e. unprocessed).  I recommend the egg dishes for breakfast.  Ants Pants is only open until 4pm, but they do breakfast and lunch very well.  The clientele seemed nice, too, some people studying, some families.  The menu is unique but simple, complete with Australian touches like regional slang and trivia about koala bears (they are marsupials, NOT bears!).
Free internet with password, which I couldn't get to work.  Cash only; parking is probably not fabulous for those not within walking distance, but this is Philly, so I think most places are within walking distance.  
They're crowded on the weekends with the slept-in-after-a-fun-evening set, lots of young couples and very congenial.  Lunch items are mostly salads and sandwiches, but with some Australian touches I'd never heard of.
The guy next to me was so excited about how good his freshly-squeezed orange juice tasted that he exclaimed "This makes my week!"  
Mine too.  Oh, and you can get food to go, or as the Aussies say, "take away."Great ambiance, delectable food, friendly staff! The menu was incredibly creative and paired together flavors I would not otherwise think of.  The portions were large but not monstrous, and you could tell they valued quality over quantity.  My only complaint is that the food is slightly overpriced (my omelette was $9.50), but I suppose that's to be expected when dining in a city.I will say this: it's a bit of a turnoff when a waitress starts out service with a warning of food that they currently don't have on the menu -- and then goes on to rattle off more dishes than I can keep track of.  Came here recently at around 7pm on a Sunday night, and I suppose they were running out of supplies at the end of the week. 
THAT ASIDE, this meal was delish. My favorite from the evening was the Sweet Potato Hash with bacon, sausage and  the de rigueur fried egg. Also had some sort of brussel sprouts dish with crispy shallots and pecorino romano (also really tasty). 
I've had brunch here before, but this was my first time in for dinner. Looking forward to coming back and having more of the menu!A great little eatery. Creative menu with lots of comfort food. Very friendly staff. I loved the Italian sausage hash. The orange juice was way too thick, but the owner was quick to apologize and take responsibility for buying a bad batch of oranges. Overall, a very good brunch dining experience.Went back couple weeks ago, OK OK..one -star up..see inklings of improvements. Our nice Waiter who recognized us -asked if we were ordering our favorite Aussie drink, it was a bit Cold..but thought that was nice little personable touch..
Our food came out nice, no mishaps, nothing burnt.I do see that now, the check comes with actual prices on them, instead of before  when you were rung up, nothing on receipt, cashier would just ring it up based codes . I was always skeptical about that.. I like it much better. So signs of improvement I must say..keep at it!!! Who knows, & now they have a Dinner menu..WOW!!! extended hours..Hmmmm.might have to check that out.After a fun night out, my friends and I were in need of some serious brunch the next morning. I stop in to Ants Pants every so often for coffee but have gotten brunch here twice. I thought it would be the perfect place for us to get our fix!
We arrived around 11 am on a Friday morning, trying to beat the afternoon rush and were seated right away. Our server was great, explained the menu and what they're most known for, and immediately brought us over coffee, water, and OJ (the fresh squeezed juices here are amazing!). We were all craving something savory, although I've had the pancakes here in the past and as a brunch enthusiast, I can assure you they are some of the best in the city. 
I ended up ordering the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise sauce was rich and tasty but not too overwhelming and the eggs were poached to perfection! My friends thoroughly enjoyed their maple bacon and croissant sandwiches as well. Ants Pants has easily become one of my go-to brunch places: reasonably priced, wonderful service, amazing food and coffee...what else do you need?!Ants Pants is an Australian-theme bruncheon cafe. It's small but it's supposed to resemble the charm of authentic Sydney foodery. The name "Ants Pants" is actually Australian slang. When an Aussie finds something to be totally awesome they say "It's the ants in the pants!" If you ever visit Sydney and say this, they will be pleased you've heard of it. 
All the food is fresh, tasty, and served piping hot. For such a cramped place with huge crowds, especially weekends and most the college kids from University City, who will have a difficult time now that the South St. bridge will be closed for years to come for a new bridge. So they will have to detour across Walnut to get to the Ants Pants but it's worth the hike. Even just the simple eggs and toast has a kick that really is the ants in the pants. The only Aussie-based foods that you'll find here are two items. 
1. Vegemite- a peanut butter-like spread that is used on mainly toast along with butter. Sometimes you'll find vegemite mixed with butter but a true Aussie puts puts butter first followed by the vegemite. 
2. Iced Coa Coa Milk- Basically it's a glass of chocolate milk but with ice and a scoop of sweet vanilla ice cream, close to a milk shake but presented differently and just as delicious, if not even better. 
Well there you have it! You won't leave with ants in your pants but you will leave with a satisfied grin.More like 3.5! Great place to grab brunch!
Strawberry milkshakes and espresso milkshakes are devious. I love that the whipped cream isn't overly sweet. The only negative is that I like my milkshakes less dairy and more of a burst of flavor and real strawberries.
Sweet potato fries are the bomb! You should definitely get them. I like the sweet chili sauce it comes with.
The ham, egg, and Brie on brioche toast was okay. It didn't blow my mind. The brioche toast was very dry.
The stack was decent. Bacon was very tasty!!!
Service is okay. Pretty casual. They seem very swamped on weekends.
I would definitely come back for brunch again.We came here for breakfast and had to wait a weirdly long time to get waited on, and then our food took forever to come, even though we were there early and the place wasn't very busy. And while this isn't relevant to my rating, it is important to note that this is a very family-friendly place. There were kids all over the place, and they were really loud. The restaurant is not large enough for how many families go there, so if you want a chill breakfast, I don't recommend! But if you're bringing kids to breakfast, it's perfect for that!Nice little cafe/restaurant on South. We sat in the front window ledge area, they have tables in back as well as a few seats outside in the back (too hot these days in the summer when it is 95+) and at least one table outside in the front typically.
Staff could not have been nicer, but at the same time not being in your business the whole time. My tea was just OK, but the wacky sounding hawaiian coffee with hazelnut was very good, better than it sounds.
We had the dill scrambled eggs with feta, which was OK but not great. Good quality, just not to our particular liking/taste. Also had the combo meal I think called the lot or something (scrambled eggs, bacon, french toast, etc.). Eggs were good but the bacon was incredible, probably the best I've had for breakfast in the city; not too crispy, the right amount of fat, etc.
Prices were pretty reasonable, the other patrons were pretty friendly, overall a nice time for breakfast without some crazy wait like you might get at some of the other brunch/breakfast places that have a rep in the city.
If you haven't been, give it a try, it is pretty good and the people are pretty nice all around.**want to clarify it wasn't the food that made him sick, he had the flu**
I've been here many times and always had a pleasant experience. However,  I went here over the weekend with my boyfriend. while we were there he started feeling very bad (he ended up having the flu). He tried using the bathroom but it was locked. He had to basically run from the back to the front of the restaurant to make it out the front door. He got sick right outside. He was extremely embarrassed but did not have any other options. A woman who worked there proceeded to walk out and yell at him as if he did it on purpose. He was so mortified that he just left. After a text from him, I asked for the check and headed to checkout. This is where I headed to the register to find the entire staff laughing at his expense. when I let them know that I was with him the woman ringing me up said- "well why didn't he try to go into the bathroom?" I let her know that it wasnt' available. Another girl even implied that he did it on purpose. I was then asked by my server "well I hope last night was fun, was it worth it?" - I let the entire staff know that he was not in fact, hungover, but actually quite sick. Although it was embarrassing for the both of us, and inconvenient for the restaurant, they are in the hospitality industry and probably shouldn't have yelled at one of their customers for being sick. They also shouldn't have assumed that he was drunk/hungover. And speaking about him infront of everyone, not knowing that I was with him was extremely rude.
I have always raved about this place. But i am so put off by their behavior over the weekend that I wont be returning and don't intend on ever telling anyone else to go here. while I do apologize to them for the unfortunate incident that happened at the restaurant, I do believe that their behavior was absolutely unacceptable.Not just another cafe.
First off, I've been here like a bazillion times, and that must say something for the place, huh?  Well of course I can crawl out of bed and walk there in a minute, but still.
It's across the street from the supermarket at 23rd and South Street, so yeah, there is little to no parking if you are driving there, especially on weekends.  
It's cozy inside, haha, yeah meaning its kinda small, but it works.  Counter seating in the front, some tables with bench seating in the middle, more counter seats in the rear, and then a patio with a few tables as well.  In warmer weather you can't beat the patio, but it fills up fast.
The menu is pretty good, something for most.  Things I get a lot are the creme brulee french toast, the dill scrambled eggs, and the egg, ham and brie sandwich (a gooey mess that's so worth it). Oh yeah almost forgot the smoked salmon BLT and the sweet potato fries, mmm.  
The staff is very friendly, even when this place is very busy.  This is key first thing in the morning when you just don't want to deal with shit!
Coffee, breakfast, brunch, whatever, this place fits right in!Whatever you do, get the sweet potato fries! Delicious!!
This place also has the best tofu scramble in town. It's actually spiced, and not just plain with some random veggies thrown in. The sandwiches are big, and the service is always nice. 
Cash only!One of my favorite breakfast/lunch spots in the city. Love eating in or calling ahead for pickup. Fun Australia vibe, unique spin on classic dishes. The sweet potato hash and the chicken bacon ranch sandwich are my favorites. The open faced Apple and Brie was outstanding too. I go here once every two weeks and don't see that stoping anytime soon.Cozy, affordable, nice staff, amazing coffee.
I had a salmon and bagel plate with a side of turkey bacon and a strong columbian coffee.  Everything was fresh, fast, and great.  Our server visited us every 5 minutes to make sure we were good and coffee topped off. Impressed how great the food was and how nice the staff was considering how cheap it is (most plates under $8).One of my favorite breakfast spots- dill scrambled eggs with smoked salmon and an iced chai latte - their staff is wonderful and I love the tucked away outdoor seating spaceI don't really have great things to say about Ants Pants, but I also don't have many bad things to say either.  It's just...forgettable.  
First, it's cash only, as are most places in this area.  The wait for brunch on the weekends is insane and in my opinion, not worth it.  You can probably make many of their menu items at home, and save yourself some money too.
While the decor is cute and my mom loved the granola and yogurt (which is near $7...highway robbery!), I'd suggest walking down the street to Honey's or Resurrection.  You might have to wait a bit longer, but it will be worth it.Love this place!  Been there for Sunday brunch many times and it's always delicious. The Stack is my go-to but have tried a few other things - all great.I was really excited to go to Ants Pants and I'll be back.  I was definitely not as impressed as I wanted to be.  I loved the clean aesthetic.  I loved the coffee and the sweet potato fries with chile sauce rock.  
I was saddened to see the manager snap at the new dishwasher.  I know that happens and people get stressed, but I just had a sense that entire staff was really busy and morale seemed low. The breakfast burrito I ordered lacked major flavor.
I will go back because I think it might have been an off day.I stop by here every morning for coffee, so good! There breakfast is really great too, Brie stuffed French toast and chocolate croissants are to die for. Wait staff is always very friendly. Can't say enough good things about this place.I had the special avocado eggs Benedict and it was delicious. It had a mashed avocado spread and bacon as opposed to a traditional eggs Benedict. It was very good and I recommend it. I also had the iced chocolate and it was delicious and refreshing. It tastes just like a chocolate milk with ice cream in it. I will definitely be back here again for brunch. Everyone was very friendly and it was a good experience.Cute neighborhood find where you can enjoy great coffee and good food.
Came here a few months ago with a friend for a weekday lunch but never got around to finish posting!
Ambiance: Cozy but small space so beware if you are trying to bring big groups. When it's warm the outdoor seating in the back is quite nice. Has the feel that you can just hang out and read during it's off-peak brunch/lunch hours, especially if you can snag that corner bench nook with some cushions!
Service: Our waiter was friendly and indulged us in some witty banter. I can see it getting a bit hectic when it's a full house.
Food: Mixed review with some pros and cons. Their scrambled eggs with apple and bacon were scrumptious! However, their creme brulee french toast was a bit dry for our likin'. But that's just our personal preference. Their fries were great! Something between a potato chip and a french fry, like a potato chip fry. Crispy but with some good fluffy potato substance. 
Drinks: Espresso drinks were well done. I'm obsessed with good froth in my cappuccino and this place hit the nail on the head.
Overall, I'll swing by again during a slow hour to enjoy a drink and maybe lunch with a friend or a good book.Keeping the review short - 
Ingredients - good quality, freshly made (except the fried stuff)
Service - attentive, by the one actual *server* (not the helpers)
Presentation - down he dump
Preparation - down the dump
Everyone's order was getting screwed up. Ours was as well; the hot stuff was cold, the cold stuff was warm. 
Was crowded - Sunday brunch. But they were open for the capacity.. Their issue.
I was disappointed, with their quality.
I assume this following bit - they might be a fantastic place when it's not this crowdedThis place is "cute" but a bit posey.  A lot of the clientle are suburban types that always wanted the "big city coffee shop" experience they grew up watching on Friends.  That makes for an annoying time.
Despite that, when you're not surrounded by the asshole customers, the food is very good for brunch.  The staff isn't up their own ass which you'd imagine they would be with customers telling them how awesome they are all the time. 
It is a shame when the crowd ruins an otherwise enjoyable time (see also mcglichey's)Great food and very lovely staff! I'd recommend any of the egg scrambles/omelets and the sweet potato hash bowl. Very god Australian coffee drinks as well. I MUCH prefer it to Honey's down the street. There can be long lines on Saturday and Sunday mornings, but if you get there early it's not usually a problem. In the warmer weather, there is a nice outdoor dining area at the back.Very philly style brunch. I tried the Benedict egg and my friend tried the sandwich. Both taste great. Best Benedict eggs ever I would say, especially the chef handled great temperature and times to cook the egg. One thing to improve is maybe to refine the sides a little bit? Like adding more optionsCame here for breakfast to meet up with my friend who lives in Graduate Hospital.  She recommended it as the Sidecar Cafe wasn't open yet and we were hungry.  
Pretty decent.   I got a cappicino which had an awesome design on it ( plain old foam is just not accepable apparently) and the spinach, goat cheese and carmelized onion omlette with a side of turkey bacon.  Their turkey bacon is pretty amazing because I feel a lot of places don't respect it and care to make it tasty.    
My boyfriend got a strawberry milkshake and the waffles with chocolate chips.  I love how this place is ok with making milkshakes so early and they don't even bat an eye when someone asks for one.   My friend got an egg dish, with coffee.  Pretty much everyone enjoyed their meal.  
The only downside is its a cash only business and they have a random ATM on site.Bit disappointed with the sandwiches here which were pretty expensive and sadly just didn't taste too great. The chicken sandwich came on dry bread that was falling apart and the honey maple turkey sounded like it had an interesting combination of ingredients but in the end seemed to just have a slightly bitter tasty gloop. I've made them sound pretty bad which is not exactly the case, but I wouldn't order either again.
As others have said, service wasn't exactly effusive but I was getting take out so it didn't really affect me. The wait was fairly long but not unreasonable. I did kind of funny to read all the bad reviews and stare at the servers trying to work out who was the offender - most of them seemed quite nice!This place truly is a great place for brunching. It's tiny though, so be forewarned, the possibility of a wait at brunch-o'clock is like 98%. The food they serve is fresh, and local when possible. The staff is freindly and the space (especially the outdoor part) is delightful. 
Upon our first venture out to AP we couldn't find it. Unless it's the time where you have to wait in line, it's pretty easy to miss this place. But once we drove around the block and rechecked the address...like 40 times. We finally found it. I'm glad we went to all the effort because it truly was a great time. I had the arugala, chili, goat cheese, egg scramble and we sat in the enclosed outdoor seating area. It was lovely and there weren't many people there (it was still early for a saturday).
Definitely will go back in the future and see if this experience holds up over time.We went here for a brunch, we really liked the food. The place is just a solid neighborhood brunch place, the service is fast, but little spacey. I always get the dill scrambled eggs with feta, it is off the hook. They have great coffee drinks, by the way their hand cut fries are a must order.
The only really annoying thing they push you to sit on their back counter which is nothing more than glorified IKEA shelf.We came in on a sunday morning at around 11 to a full house. We were seated after around a 15 minute wait and ordered two of the specials -the cinnamon streusel pancakes with cream cheese icing and the biscuits with chorizo gravy and poached egg- as well as the sweet potato fries and a cup of potato and bacon soup.
The soup was a little thin, but very tasty and not too salty. The sweet potato fries are a must get, and I loved the sauces that came with it. The pancakes were a little too sweet for my taste, but I also don't have much of a sweet tooth. The biscuits were great, but the egg whites were a bit runny.Was a small restaurant but the food was delicious and the wait staff was very friendly. I recommend going earlyAnts pants is a great little breakfast / brunch spot on the calm end of South Street.  There will usually be a wait on the weekendsand it can get a bit crowded when the weather is bad, because there is not much room inside for a waiting area, so people are just standing around beside your table waiting to be seated.  
The service was fast and friendly, and the decor was hip but homey.  The eggs benedict was really good, the salmon platter was large and tasty, and the dill scrambled eggs with dill and feta were pretty good too.
They also have decent coffee and an espresso maker, so I was pretty happy to be able to order a latte to drink while we waited for our food.   
Ants pants is cash only, and you pay diner style (at the cashier at the front) so if can be a bit of a pain to get the to cashier to pay your bill when it is crowded.I really enjoy this place for brunch. I love sitting out back in the nice weather...it feels like you are part of a little oasis. The omelettes and smoothies are great, as well as their lunch specials. I am a sucker for any place that has brie on anything, so I go here frequently.Came here after coffee tasting at Counter Culture Coffee on a Friday morning.  We had heard great things, and it was only a few blocks away.  It kind of felt like a hole-in-the-wall kind of place.  There was a shop front where you could order pastries and drinks to go, and in the back were tables and seats.  We were greeted by the one waiter who was running the restaurant at the time and he told us to sit anywhere.  It was relatively empty, but expected for a Friday morning. We took a table in the back.
After reading some recommendations and browsing through some photos, we ordered the sweet potato fries, the eggs benedict, and the sweet potato hash.  The food portions were huge, and we definitely didn't need to order the sweet potato fries.
The sweet potato fries were thin and crispy, lightly salted with large flecks of sea salt.  I love sweet potatoes but what really made the dish was the side of sour cream and sweet chili sauce-- a dip into the sour cream and then the chill sauce was this delicious combination of sweet, creamy, and salty all at the same time.  We ate half the bowl before we started to realize that our stomachs were getting full (the bowl was that big.), and decided we still needed to save some room for the main course.
I had the sweet potato and sausage hash and it was delicious.  The sunny side egg perfectly spilled all over the sweet potato and sausage and made this gooey, sticky sauce.  It was delicious.  The sweet potato was a good alternative to the traditional potato, lightening the dish, which was needed after being smothered in the heavy yolk and mayo sauce latticed on top.  Served with two slices of bacon, too.  Although I didn't try the eggs benedict, it looked really good as well.  The poached eggs were perfectly cooked and delicately spilled over the english muffin. 
Like I said, the portions were huge, and I could only finish half my dish.  We took the rest home to enjoy later.  One nuisance was that Ants Pants is cash only--but they do have an ATM in store.  Service was very attentive and friendly.  Great place for brunch if you're in the area.My gf and I decided to try this place since its walking distance from our apartment. We arrived around noon today (Sunday), so seating and service were both slow. Somewhat forgivable considering the situation, but don't tell us it will only be 10 minutes, and try not to let our coffee/water cups go empty for so long while waiting patiently for our food. The ambiance was nice and we weren't in a rush, so it's wasn't a huge problem.
She had the creme brulee french toast with a side of turkey bacon, and I went for the dill eggs with salmon. To be honest, they were both ok, but not as good as we expected considering some of the fawning reviews on here. The french toast was on the dry side, and I wasn't a fan of the sour cream side. My egg scramble was good but not great. The coffee was very good, and the baked goods looked tasty (although we didn't partake).
We were both a little disappointed because we were hoping this could be a regular brunch spot for us, and the staff was pretty friendly.I still Love this place, but it lost one star with me. This was our favorite oldy but goody brunch spots. We got seated in like 10-15 min. Ordered, saw our same waiter, but then after 15-20 min our food, didn't come out. Our water was room temperature, which didn't taste well, I had to ask for ice. Thank goodness we weren't in rush to get somewhere, Our food came out out bout 25-30 min later.We got typical, creme brulee french toast, bacon & "sweet pot. Fries" Do love them .After them, all seemed Ok, plus got the Aussie iced coffee(expresso) with milk & ice cream-Mmmmm-mmm good! Figure they having off day, but hope they fix it, too many brunch spots now, lose customers-slow ass service.After visiting a few more times, I really love this place. The Aussie drinks and every single brunch dish I've tried is awesome. One of my favorite dishes is the meat pie, but the specials always look amazing and so tempting. The drinks are fantastic and interesting as well, and the service is always friendly.My friend and I walked past this place one day and was recommended by a passerby to try this place. The wait was super long that day, so we didn't. We went back on a Saturday around 2pm and was seated right away, which was sweet. It is a regular coffee shop in the front and a small, casual restaurant in the back, with additional outside seatings. I tried the popular avocado turkey and really liked it. The price is relatively cheap for Philly, $10-12. The waiter was polite and fast. This is the type of place that I can see myself frequent and have a casual chat with friends or for when I don't feel like cooking.The maple bacon sandwich, get it. Great brunch spot, gets crowded during the weekend. Quality coffee and espresso as well. Cash only.Great place! I am glad they changed the name of the "Hungry Man" breakfast to "The Lot". I feel less cheesy ordering it now. Those lattes are fan-tastic. The staff is nice too.  Only thing lacking is they should have some reference to the Road Warrior films, given the odd Australian theme.I got the lot - which was french toast, bacon and scrambled eggs w/ melted cheese. I thought it was a perfect amount of food - satisfying but not *too* filling. I even thought the salt and pepper seasoned tomatoes to be a great complement with the bacon. My hubs got the feta, salmon scramble. He thought it was good, but not falling over his chair. It's a small space in the back and we snagged the last 2 seats at the counter. Food service was on the slower side, but given that they make all food in a small open kitchen space up front, I'm amazed / not surprised it can get sluggish with a full house. The coffee was great and service was friendly. We didn't get any, but it also seemed like the sweet potatoe fries/chips were quite popular. They had some cute things on the menu...like tim tams and tea. Cute spot!Great little brunch place. There's a couple tables on the sidewalk but there's a great seating area out back too, that is covered and sheltered a little from the weather, but in the sun after while it gets a little warm. It is pretty adorable and there are plants so I'd recommend it if the temperature isn't boiling. I can't remember what I got a couple months ago but I remember it was good and have been meaning to go back for awhile.
 The dill scrambled eggs are delicious, and Phil H got the Hawaiian Benedict and loved the addition of grilled pineapple to the traditional Benedict. We got our food really fast, which may have been because we got there early and the rush came after we'd already gotten the food. I love the brunch list, there are really interesting takes on traditional brunch fare. So far I've only eaten brunch here but I definitely want to try their lunch and dinner stuff sometime.This is my favorite brunch spot in Philadelphia. The staff members are all very friendly, the coffee is good, and their rotating list of specials keeps the menu fresh. I highly recommend trying the maple bacon sandwich, it is a magnificent creation. 
Additionally, they have a great early breakfast special during the week!Ever since I moved back from the bay area, I've been in search for a Berkeleyesque cafe -- Ants Pants Cafe did the job.
I had the creme brulee french toast and it was good.  I had high expectations and was a bit disappointed... The flavors didn't pop like I thought they would, but like I said it was still good.  The coffee was some of the best coffee I've had since I've been back from the west coast.   
The backyard area is exactly what I've been looking for.  There is nothing like have breakfast with nature.  
You should most definitely get there before 10 if you don't want to wait forever.  
I will definitely go back there soon!A friend of mine introduced me to this place a few months ago. I have only been there for brunch, but I loved it! The atmosphere and servers have that cool and quirky flare which I have never managed to achieve myself. Their "Dill scrambled eggs with feta" and the "creme brulee battered french toast" send me to breakfast-food heaven.
The place is relatively cost-effective with a total of around 11ish (with coffee, which is also very good.) I am a breakfast food-o-phile in that I could eat breakfast food 24/7. When I say I really like this place, I mean it! Only downside-it's cash only, so stop by the ATM!My favorite brunch. You can't go wrong with the sweet potato hash, or the Australian Brekkie. Don't skip the sweet potato fries with the sweet & sour sauce, and sour cream. I dined there solo numerous times when I lived in Philly, and never minded it. 
I've never really waited long, and the place is cozy. The chairs are kind of dinky, but it's a small place so I can't really complain about the lack of lavish furnishings.This is such a gem for brunch! My friends and I must've gotten lucky to have gone early on a weekday morning. No wait and not too crowded. The special menu changes everyday, and sounds fantastic. I had my eyes set on the goat cheese, spinach, and caramelized onion omelet and it did not disappoint! I replaced fruit with chip fries, while my friends ordered shoestring fries. Both are amazing, and what makes it better is that they're served with a spicy aioli sauce. I tried their Spider drink, which was nothing short of delicious! I will definitely be returning to try other things on the menu! Great food and great service!This place was fine...not great, not even good but fine.  I don't really want my restaurants to be cute, but I do want the food to be filling, I left still hungry. The coffee was amazing though, if I lived closer, this would definitely be high up on my list as a morning coffee shops, just not a breakfast place.Gets packed on the weekends, but it's a row house without much room so what can you expect? Prices are really reasonable (most under $10) and the food is really, really great. Try the hot and sweet breakfast sandwich. I prefer Ants Pants to Honeys, to be honest.I used to work at Ants Pants, so my opinion may sound biased, but this is still my favorite sandwich/breakfast place in the city. I'm a vegetarian so finding a place that served delicious, fresh sandwiches (on slices of bread, not rolls) and mouth-watering breakfasts was always tricky, but this place sure delivers. They are one of the few places, in my opinion, that concentrates more on their food rather than their income. Everything I've had on the menu was wonderful and their specials are always innovative and delicious. I would consider myself quite the "foodie" and this place gets high marks in my book. There is definitely a reason why Ants Pants has been recognized in so many magazines articles (check the window from outside).
As for the common complaints I've read, there are "floaties" in the water because when we fill the pitchers we add slices of either lemon or cucumber (hence the flavoring). Little bits of the flavorings in water will fall off when they're carried around so much. As for the customers, the regulars are some of the nicest people ever. I still see them on the street and they always make a point to stop and say "hi" (even though I haven't worked there for some months now). Unfortunately, like every restaurant, we do get a handful of annoying, mean customers (usually out-of-towners). Sorry if they ruin your meal, they ruin our day too.
I guess most people don't notice when they walk in, but the place doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles. Every piece of food put into your mouth or every drink you down was made completely from scratch by one or two people. They don't have a full kitchen, so time is sacrificed for freshness. If your meal takes long, it's because only two people are putting it together from scratch. They don't open a bag of pre-made food and pop it in the microwave like other restaurants. The same goes for the servers. There are only two people waiting tables on the weekend and it is EXTREMELY had to keep on top of everything. Next time take a look at everyone working on the weekend. I think it would be hard to point out someone who is just standing around and not preforming a task. If you want attentive and quick service, definitely show up M-T at any time or before 10am on the weekends.
Although I am a former employee, I still think this place is wonderful. I try to stop in a few weekends a month to get breakfast or lunch. If you go, please try to remember how it's run. And if you want advice on what to try, ask the staff. They are some of the nicest servers in the city.
Oh, try the brioche bread on your next sandwich or the french toast and a side of fruit!I decided to stop here last minute on a Sunday afternoon. I had wanted to eat at Honey's, but the wait was too long. We were greeted as we walked in, and waited between 5 and 10 minutes to be seated. I was surprised to see that the kitchen is upfront and guests can see their food being made.
I ordered the caprese, with chicken. It was a pretty decent sandwich, however, the chicken tasted a bit old, and dry. The shoe string fries were pretty good as well. I didn't like how small they were. It was easier to eat them with a fork, rather than with your hands. Their sriracha cheese wiz was delicious though.
I would have to say the food was a bit overpriced, but if you're looking for something quick and decent, give this place a shot.If you're a coffee lover this is the place for you. Ants pants has some of the best coffee in town - it's strong and delicious. Staff is friendly and the vibes are great inside. Just wish the coffee was a little cheaper, but your paying for a unique blend and won't regret it!!The restaurants boring.. The service is poor and the wait time is painfully long!
I lost my appetite waiting for the food to arrive. Go there if you have all the time in the world and if you enjoy a  noisy and crowded space..
The 2 stars are for the food though..  of all other senses you take there.. only the tastebuds will be satisfied.Who's favorite brunch spot ISN'T Ants Pants? The Italian Sausage Hash is amazing. The service is delightful.Randomly walked in the other day for brunch wanting to try out new restaurants and I'm in love with the place. The restaurant seemed small at first from the outside, however, there's actually a seating area inside plus an outdoor seating area in the backyard. The overall vibe of the place was great and the staff were all really friendly. It's a good start to your morning. I ordered the Eggs Benedict, and it was amazing. I wasn't a big fan of putting the fruit salad on the same plate as the eggs Benedict, but otherwise the food was good. I also had the Aussie iced coffee, which is really different! But I would definitely come again.Nice, low-key, good food but nothing special. 
Been a couple of times for lunch, the food has been good both times - sweet potato hash especially. 
As a Kiwi I appreciated getting a real flat white (like a latte but shorter & stronger).
Downsides:
- Decor is cute but it's not comfortable -- cold draft from a badly fitted door, hard seats etc.
- Service could be sharper
- Cash only - what a pain! Also poorly advertised
- Gets REALLY loud when there are more than 2 people in thereSo I'm writing this review with a caveat. I got the vegan scramble, which is good - but definitely is not the restaurant's speciality. Ants Pants Cafe has a lot of great dishes, with amazing presentation - the dish I got wasn't as good as it could of been. I'm definitely planning on coming back here to try to get something else, in which case I will update my review then. A few other things about this place - it's cash only, and they don't take reservations - it's first come first serve. It's a narrow restaurant, so it usually translates into standing in a line next to the cashier while you wait to get seated - but the wait is generally pretty quick.Came here for a later brunch on Sunday of the holiday weekend (think around 2pm) to find a seat in the window. Upon walking in, you can tell it's a smaller establishment but it's quaint and that works for them so no big deal. However, with that said, expect to wait for your meal.. the kitchen can only handle one or two party's orders at a time. 
We ordered two simple breakfast sandwiches and waited about 35-40 minutes. However, I am also guilty of waiting that long for a sandwich at spread bagerly so who am I to complain? (Except I would have preferred the sandwich from spread.)
Don't get me wrong- the hot & sweet bacon, egg and cheese roll was tasty and different. In retrospect though, it could have been filled a little more because the roll contained a lot of bread  The fries were cooked perfectly. But at the end of the day, our bill was $27 for two okay/good (not amazing) egg sandwiches, an iced coffee and latte. It was an overpriced meal, in my opinion. In addition to that, and to probably a fault of my own for not checking, I was shortchanged $10 upon paying. I am disappointed as I was looking forward to coming here but I honestly do not think I would endure that wait or pay that price (regardless of the shortchange) for that average meal again.Came here for a late brunch on a holiday so it was a plus that they were open. Small space, maybe 10 tables, but it's got a homey feel. I didn't realize it was Australian before reading the menu so we ordered the now infamous (thanks to Starbucks) flat whites to start. Got the dill scrambled eggs with a side of turkey bacon and we ordered the french toast with brie and apricot glaze for the table. Everything was delicious and portions were generous. I thought the apricot glaze might be too sweet with the french toast but it was really good. This was a great neighborhood find. Heads up - it's cash only.This place was great for brunch! I imagine there is normally a long wait, but we managed to get in pretty quickly. I had the caprese baguette sandwich with the fries. Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. Glad I found this spot, I will be back again!I've lived all over the country, including San Francisco, LA, and New York (prime brunch cities) and Ants Pants is the best I've ever had. I bring everyone there when they're in town. The food's amazing, the staff is fantastic, and it's a true Philly treasure!Basically, came here & did not regret it. 
Got their hash and it was delicious. I definitely recommend getting their drinks as well.
Be warned that this place is pretty small and things can get pretty tight on the weekend when the brunch rush comes in. Otherwise, worth the wait!Brunch party: husband and 4 other friends.  
Overall rating: Rushed brunch.
Ambiance: 3 stars cute but small
Staff: 3 stars nice but could be nicer
Food: 3 stars good but we all left hungry and wanting dessert
Latte: 5 stars yummy
Price: Cheap
NOTE Cash OnlyDefinitely the best breakfast in philly. I can't encourage you more. Friendly owner that recognizes the regulars makes the experience even better. Try the hash, it's to die for. Haven't had anything that wasn't a 10 yet.I went to Ants Pants Cafe on a saturday for brunch after hearing good things about it and I probably won't ever be going back. 
The place itself is cute but it was crowded and we were seated next to a couple that was litterally elbow lenght away from us and I was awkward to even try to have a conversation let alone hearing the other peoples every word. 
Then there was our waitress.....I get some restuarants don't have dress codes and let their staff wear whatever and I'm fine with that. But people really need to learn what is acceptable work wear and what is not. The girl we had looked like she just rolled out of bed with messy hair and she was wearing a bright colored bra with a LOW cut white shirt. When she bent over to give us our coffee I'm pretty sure I saw nipple. 
The food wasn't that great either. I ordered an omelette and that's what I got. It was just a average sized omelette with a couple pieces of fruit on the sad. Pretty disappointing for what I paid, I would at least expect toast or something. 
Oh well there are many other brunch places to be discovered.We wandering around Philadelphia, trying to get off the tourist trail and we spotted the Ants Pants so in we walked to warm up. We sat in the window and a charming smiley person came to attend to us, and she could not have been more pleasant and without wishing to be sexist....appealing to the eye.
We chatted about all things edible and sadly found out that the bagels were off as they had run out. Always a good thing when places run out....means they get things fresh. I had one of their hash options and then had the omlette with goats cheese and then a sticky bun...all were delicious and the coffee was good to. The counter staff were happy to chat and the atmosphere was busy without being overbearing...all in all a great place with a good attitude.This is my favorite brunch cafe in Philadelphia.  The stack is amazing and I am addicted to the biscotti.  The only negative aspect is that is is small and you may have to wait for a table if you go during prime brunch hours.  That is a good problem to have.I was really excited to try this place but it definitely wasn't up to par with some of the other breakfast places in the city. The water was room temperature at best and so was the milk. The creme brulee french toast tasted like regular french toast and the goat cheese, carmelized onion, spinach omelet was just ok. All of the cheese was globbed in one section of the omelet. The coffee was good.My girlfriend and I went here on a somewhat busy Sunday morning and I gotta say, the food wasn't great. It wasn't terrible, mind you, but it wasn't anything to write home about. I had the spinach, goat cheese and caramelized onion omelet, and my girlfriend had the brekkie (3 eggs with toast and bacon). The standout of the meal, by far, was the side order of sweet potato fries, which came with sweet chili sauce that was really great. 
As for seating, the place was fairly crowded, and groups larger than 2 seem to be in for a wait, as there are only a few tables that seat more than a couple. The ambiance was very casual - servers and staff were all in jeans.
All considered, it was a mediocre experience I won't be looking to repeat any time soon.Ants Pants is a great little place for breakfast or brunch. The Australian vibe is fun and different, and actually delighted a friend of mine who was visiting for a week from Australia. I just love, love, love the "Bacon Stack" and have a hard time ordering anything else when I'm there. The sweet potato fries are addictive - not super crunchy but full of flavor, not greasy, and perfect with the sweet chili sauce that comes with them.
My only complaints are that service can be very slow, especially on the weekends when the place just gets MOBBED. I prefer to go weekdays when it's quieter, as the dining area is cramped to begin with. All in all it's a welcome place in the neighborhood for satisfying, good food and excellent coffee drinks.I'd been wanting to try Ants Pants after reading that it serves Australian-styled brunch... unfortunately, I found it rather underwhelming.
From their list of Aussie drinks, I ordered the flat white, It tasted fine, like a normal espresso, but the waitress served it lukewarm so it was really cold by the time I finished my food.
For my entree, I ordered the salmon platter. It came with a bagel, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, capers, dill cream cheese, and of course, smoked salmon. The dill cream cheese was tasty and went very well with the salmon. The platter was not bad, but nothing special.
My two friends (Jane and Zoe) and I decided to split a side of sweet potato fries after reading fellow Yelpers' recommendations. The fries came with two dips - sour cream and sweet chili sauce. I didn't care much for the sour cream, but the chili sauce went surprisingly well with the fries! It was one of those dishes that you just keep eating and eating until you realize you've hit the bottom of the bowl.... definitely the highlight of my meal here.
Overall, Ants Pants has some relatively inexpensive breakfast/brunch staples, but nothing I'd return for.Solid and delicious breakfast, and extra points for opening early.  This is definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots in the neighborhood.
However, I say breakfast and not brunch, b/c during brunch-ish hours, this place can get crazy busy.  Especially as it is not very large, don't come here if you're hungry and must eat NOW.  But do come here if you can wait a little and want some awesome grub.
Business/tininess and the fact that they're cash only are the only reason why they're not a 5 star for me.Good solid breakfast order the lot,  a good portion of food yet not over full like other places,  the coffee was refilled continuously without impatiently waiting on the staff UNLIKE all 5 of the other breakfast places I went to in Philadelphia.  Went two mornings in a row if I wasn't flying out it'd be 3.After two nights in a row of making my liver work overtime, found the strength to hop the bus and walk the 4 blocks to Ants Pants on a dreary, miserable Sunday morning with the soon-to-be missus to meet up with friends. 
Walking in, surprise, nobody is here. Huh? Its 10:00. Usually this place is mobbed. Oh yeah, an archaic Daylight Saving Time thingy happened while I dreamed of sleeping. 
Coffee is glorious. Order a bowl of chips while waiting. Crunchy, salty, tasty. Friends arrive and its time to get down to business. The "Lot" for me, omelet for the missus, and for the life of me I don't remember what our friends ordered. Ah, the ramifications of indulging in sipping golden liquid for many hours. 
The Lot has always been kind to me. Scrambled eggs with cheese, bacon, french toast, and a sliced tomato. Simply put, one fine breakfast for one hung over fool. No one else at the table had any bad words to say. As we dined, the place filled up, and at the end, it was what I remember it, crowded.A nice change and a good taste of home. I think I was the only person to let the barista show their talents and got my usual double espresso. Well worth it.Updating after giving Ants Pants another shot at service, which was great (no sign of that previous terrible waitress). Coffee was awesome, food was fast, fresh, and delicious, service personable and efficient. This is the Ants Pants i remember! Happy to start going back on the reg.Terrible. I popped in this morning for a quick breakfast after working all night as a nurse. I ordered a breakfast sandwich to go, and then had to ask not once but twice for a glass of water. There was seating in the back so I sat myself while waiting. After about 5 minutes, the cashier delivered my sandwich that I was going to eat while in a rush. A couple of minutes later, another employee told me that this was for "table service" only. No sorry about that, just there is seating in the courtyard which if by that you mean the two rickety tables out front, sire. I also paid $7 for a burnt cruissant with no flavor.
So if you want an overpriced breakfast and rude service, this is the place for you.Tiny place and crowded.  Get there early Sunday morning for your favorite meal of the week.  Love the food and positive energy in this place.  It is becoming one of my favorite brunch spots.A hidden gem in Philadelphia that I always recommend for brunch.
Yes, you will wait for a table - unless you are like me and my mates who roll in an hour before they close (which is at 3 on weekends). But the food is totally worth it, there is outdoor seating in the back, and the staff is made up of some of the friendliest people. But like I said, it's all about the food. Order the sweet potato fries and share them as an appetizer, try a milkshake, and treat yourself to anything off the menu (grilled cheese, breakfast sandwiches, avocado stuffed onto a BLT). The list goes on.
Cheap, pay-in-cash-only, and absolutely charming!I've eaten here three times over the last 2.5 years and have had fantastic meals each time. I definitely hope to return!Food: We tried the Italian Sausage hash and the Beef hash, and both were delicious. Reasonably priced for the amount of food, and very flavorful. Did not need any ketchup or additional seasoning. 
Service: We went around 11:30 AM on a Saturday. It was full but not crowded and we were able to get a table for two immediately. Service was a little slow since we sat in the outside portion, but the waiter explained things on the menu thoroughly. 
TL;DR: Overall 4/5. Great food but hot in patio section. Cash only.This was one of my All-Time favorites! what has happened??!! OH How the mighty have fallen... After last time I came & service was slow, sweet potato fries were burnt, I went to one of my other favorites for whole summer. We decided to change it up, go here. Course it was busy we sat up front. Our french toast was good, but they can't seem to get the Sweet Potato fries right. This time it was mushy!!! WTH??!! Clumped together, If I wanted mash Sweet potatoes, would have asked for it, but then again probably get deep fried..UGHH!! such a disappointment for a place I held close to my heart!! They better get on the ball, quality & service is just not up to par...doesnt seem like its getting better either!!!Great breakfast! I came here Friday morning (8am) to catch up with a friend. It wasn't crowded at all but when we left around 930 it had started to pick up. Ants Pants is a small cafe with a pretty good menu. I ordered the veggie sweet potato hash and my friend ate the dark chocolate banana pancakes. I enjoyed my sweet potato hash though I didn't really taste the ginger or horseradish in the aioli and thought it was a tad overpriced. Nonetheless, it was filling and pretty good food and my friend enjoyed her pancakes. The service was really great as well - refilled our waters and coffee and were generally nice. Remember that it's cash only (ATM inside).I was expecting a fresh brunch experience on the level of "honeys" what we got was a crowded sand which shop, where no thrills; usually a way to describe quality simplicity, meant nothing was thrilling. Dry bread sandwiches, not exactly overflowing with anything really, pasta salad which was seven pene with diced carrots and green pepper. I was less than impressed, my friends were actually unsatisfied. i am surprised by how positive the reviews are for this spot, seems like you could whip up a better brunch with whatever in your fridge. Also you get to wait 20 minutes, after your told just a few. Should not have.Lovely little place for a coffee, lunch or brunch. They have a few tables in the back room as well as an outdoor covered patio.  My favorite lunch item there is the avocado turkey sandwich served on a large piece of foccacia.  Make sure to spend the extra few bucks to upgrade to the sweet potato fries and you wont be disappointed.I was looking for a delicious sandwich and I found it at Ants Pants Cafe. The #7 Smoked Turkey, Avocado and Brie on Brioche was a stellar sandwich. 
I want to come back for brunch and try the Creme Brule French Toast.I was disappointed with Ants Pants Cafe. I ordered pancakes with a side of bacon and orange juice. The side of bacon was fine. The orange juice was strange. It seems fresh-squeezed, but was strangely bland. Maybe they got a bad batch of oranges? And the pancakes were undercooked. The service was fine.I have been wanting to try Ants Pants for a while now and finally got there today. The food was great (egg sandwich, coffee, shoestring fries), aside from the French toast (kinda dry/boring), but the service was incredibly disappointing. 
Upon walking in, we asked to be seated outside. Someone said it might be wet but welcomed us to sit there if we wanted. we went outside (in front) and awaited someone to come wipe it down. Nobody came. We went back inside and said "I guess we will sit inside" and immediately were brought to a table in back and brought waters and menus. 
After getting the bill and handing our credit card to the server, we were told the restaurant is cash only and without another blink the server quickly walked away. We figured out for ourselves that there is an ATM inside the restaurant.... the server couldn't let us know? Apologize? Wait to see if we had cash on us?
Before leaving we used the restroom and saw there was a large and quite cute back area that is outside and covered! Nobody mentioned this when we were discussing wanting to sit outside..... 
Might I add that this took place on a Monday afternoon, so it was not busy - No excuse for the lack of friendliness. 
I live nearby and although most of the food was delicious, I will most likely not return based on principal. So much for hospitality......I stumbled into ants pants this afternoon ,after not having eaten since 4 pm the day before ,  and I was LIT-TRA-LY dying of hunger . After waiting about 25 mins we were sat , and I felt like I was going to pass out so I laid my head on the table and before I knew it the most kind person walked over to me and handed me a croissant , I actually started crying of happiness that someone was so attentive and saw me on the complete struggle buss and brought me what I needed the most I will remember it forever lol Paul and Steven are the greatest people ! I will absolutely be back and not as hungry next time !I've been walking / biking by this place almost every day for a year and a half now, and just finally checked them out for dinner. We had the calamari and brussels sprouts appetizers, and the scallops and fish tacos as entrees. Every thing was great, my fave was the calamari. The atmosphere was cozy and unpretentious (the couple next to us even shared a bite of their meal with us so we could try!). Will definitely head back there again.I went with three girlfriends for brunch... soo good! We waited for maybe 15 minutes (we went a little earlier than typical brunch timing, which I recommend). BYOB was awesome. Food was amazing. I will definitely be back!Wish I could give a 4.5.  Ive been very impressed by the brie stuffed french toast and the vegetarian hash but truly everything Ive had here is top notch.  The specials are consistently excellent and I really appreciate their wide spread of vegetarian options.  My only complaints are that its cash only and a tight squeeze to get around. The squeeze gets worse as the line builds up (which it tends to) but its a very popular place for good reason so I wouldn't worry about it too much; especially in a small party you can expect to be seated quickly.  The service is very friendly and pretty prompt (which is surprising given the aforementioned squeeze).  Overall very happy with this spot.Ordered the BLAT (Bacon (THE BACON WAS AWESOME) Lettuce, Avacado, and Tomato) Sandwich - It was delicious.  Also had the sweet potato fires which were pretty decent, the sauce that accompanied them was really something.  Tasted like a spicy chili/honey sauce.....maybe even some Siracha in  there.  
I was the only customer that was inside on the rainy Tuesday I stopped in.  Service was attentive, but not overbearing, extremely polite, and the pace was immaculate in cleanliness.  
Wifi was a little lagging, or it could have been my machine, which I doubt, but ya never know.   Ill be back. 
4.5!SOOO GOOD! Get the maple bacon breakfast sandwich. It's so good. And the staff were very friendly and helpful.I'm sorry, but I just don't get the hype. It's a cute cafe and the staff is friendly, but for me the food and experience was not worth enduring a 45 minute wait in a cramped hallway. The cafe is really really small and, if you're not sitting in the patio area, it can get quite loud.
The iced coffee and the sweet potato hash were good, but the rest of the food was just mediocre. Maybe I'm getting a little particular, but I strongly dislike when eggs are served on the same plate as fruit - I don't want warm fruit that's sitting in egg-flavored liquid.
I'd stop back to grab coffee to go, but other than that I'd probably only come back for a sit-down meal if invited.If you're a Brie lover, this place is for you. This is my favorite brunch/breakfast place in center city. Avoid the lines at Sabrina's and come here instead. It's BYOB so you can serve yourself mimosas. My favorite items on the menu are the egg, ham, and Brie as well as the Brie scrambled. The sweet items like the stuffed French toast is very good as well. There's indoor seating as well as outdoor seating in a covered patio, but that gets pretty warm. Be prepared to wait in line about 10 minutes on weekends, but the queue moves quickly. Grab a coffee while you wait! Word of caution though, this place is cash only.Awesome place, ignore the overentitled "Yelp Elites" who have stupid things to say about how the waitress was dressed or they didn't get enough eye contact -- Ants Pants serves great coffee, big breakfasts, staff is fast, cheery and real.
Go, but be really early on weekends!
-- mcgetMoms and I stopped in tiny Ants Pants Cafe for a late weekday breakfast. We sat down and were promptly greeted with coffee and menus. Although the breakfast selection isn't very large we found our favorites! My smoked salmon platter came with a big bagel but I preferred toast and they kindly obliged. Mom DEVOURED her spinach, goat cheese, and caramelized onion omelet which says a lot because she never finishes anything!  We had lots to chat about so we lingered a bit and our server was sweet and swift with coffee refills. 
This is a great spot to tuck into for a cozy bite. Make sure you get the inside seat along the wall...it's cushioned! But if you stop by and it's too crowded, you can get yours to go from the Quick Fix menu.Disappointment. I've tried Ant's Pants Cafe twice and had similar experiences. 
The menu items are simple but seem to exceed their capabilities. 
After a long wait, and with very few customers to tend to, both meals were served cold. The order of eggs benedict were served with a very small amount of hollandaise sauce and altogether offered little in terms of flavor or satisfaction. This was served with a modest portion of unremarkable greens. The other plate, bagel with lox, came to the table dry and semi-hard (seemingly toasted too far in advance of the other food). This was served "deconstructed" with roll of smoked salmon and a side of cream cheese, so the prep was truly minimal but still missed the mark. Along with the other items, we ordered house cut potato crisps which were good and by far the stand out item...but not enough to warrant a third chance considering the total price of the meal and the other options in town. 
The cafe would benefit from reducing their offerings and concentrating on better preparation and synchronizing the timings so the food arrives to the table hot. As well as considering the removal of the microwave...I don't have one in my kitchen and don't expect them in a small cafe's kitchen. They seem to indicate a failure of some sort to me.Delicious food! Great gluten free options. I had the Brie scramble with home chips. Coming early beats the brunch rush!Almost don't want to leave such a positive review because we don't want our neighborhood breakfast gem to be discovered by too many more people, but alas this amazing friendly breakfast spot deserves the praise! We love it here, it's become a staple of our weekend mornings.Well..this is one in our Brunch rotation, & I took my mom. We waited, Told us be ready, still waited. When we finally sat down, took our orders, got Sweet pot. fries, & gentleman, said it was on the House, since we waited sooo long. How nice!!!
My mom got Scrambled Eggs with dill & honey wheated toast, & my brunch buddy & I split the Dark chocolate & raspberry French toast with Iced Aussie coffee.Yumm.this review in a haiku
Ants Pants for brunch
hipster service, hipster scene
chip fries steal the showThis place was absolutely fantastic.
I've been really into going out to brunch each Sunday and trying out new places, and this one had been on my list.
It was real busy, but the staff is so quick and friendly they made sure we were all seated as soon as possible and offered everyone drinks while we were waiting.  My girlfriend and I got a seat straight away at the window and our server was great.  He was extremely nice even though he obviously had a million things to do.  I got the special, a sort of western omelet with onions, jalapenos, tomatoes, and some other zesty goodies with a side of AMAZING potato fries and ketchup.  My girlfriend got the bacon stack:  toasted country white bread topped with bacon, tomato, arugula, sunny side up eggs and pecorino romano.  Both were so delicious.  We ate all of it.  the prices are so reasonable too, it's great if you're on a budget.  
I also hear their milkshakes are the best.  Can't wait to try!Good Food. I got there a bit late for breakfast, but they still accommodated me.My go-to brunch place for a hassle-free meal on the weekends. The place is low-maintenance, unassuming, inexpensive, and delicious (a perfect combo for my needed hangover meal). 
You definitely should try the sweet potato fries - they come with a delicious side sauce (not sure what it is but it's good). Also order the coffee. Warm, fresh, tasty with free refills! 
Everything else I have tried has been delicious. You really can't go wrong. It can get crowded  since it's a very tiny establishment, but they always move the line along and the wait staff are very helpful (i.e. take your coffee orders, give you good time approximations, etc). 
Quick tip: They have seating against the wall (like a bar) that you can't see from the entrance. If there are only 2 or 3 in your party be and don't mind sitting there be sure to mention it - will be a much shorter wait.Excellent brunch! Unique breakfast combos (I have an egg, avocado, Brie, tomato sandwich) and delicious coffee (always a litmus test for a good brunch spot.  Good serving size so that you are satisfied but not comatose from food for the remainder of the day.  Small and cozy location with option to sit outside in a covered greenhouse type area out back.  Probably eat for groups about 4 or under just bc if size.
Friendly and quick service.  I highly recommend trying this brunch spot out!The best place, all locals go to Phila. One of my favorite spots for Brunch ..love it. Creme bulee french toast, or sweet pot fries with chili dipping sauce-OMG!!
I had one specials, cinnamon crunch french toast , my Best friend & I got , it had graham crackers outside, for extra texture -& crunch to it..great, & their Aussie coffees.Yummy!! Small , quaint, but fabulous!!Nice cozy little brunch spot. They have a small diner area and an outdoor area that's enclosed and heated during the winter but suited better for fair weather. Food was very good and so was the service. I recommend the sweet potato fries, someone at the table ordered the Italian sausage hash and it was excellent.My daughter and I went here yesterday for lunch it was the best sandwich I've had in a long time and the French toast and sweet potatoe fries with sour cream and chill sauce was to die for can't wait to go back   And the prices were just right !!Feels a little awkward in here lol (for my 2nd time walking in). People with businesses need to remember something. If you are the faces who greet people the second they walk in: SMILE! Look like your happy to see a customer, rather than inconvenienced? Anyways, i will say their food is pretty yummy. I particularly LOVE the sweet potato fries (comes with a great dipping sauce).Awesome low-key brunch spot on South Street. Cash only.
Arrived around 1:30pm on Sunday afternoon and realized that I've never been before because they close at 3:00pm. (Sundays are often a late-start day for me.) I went with one other person who had also never been here before.
I read the menu at home before I headed over to Ants Pants and loved what I read!
Ordered:
The Stack -- So delicious and includes a side salad. Great mix of flavors and the bacon was perfectly cooked. Definitely appreciated the fresh ingredients.
Brekkie Platter -- Perfect eggs, bacon, mushrooms, and toast. I loved that it didn't come with cheese, too. Nothing green here, but my over-hard eggs were perfect. No complaints here.
Single French Toast -- Had to try something sweet. French Toast was the best I've had in a long time. Not soggy at all and sprinkled with a little cinnamon and powdered sugar.
Au Lait -- Delightful coffee with steamed milk. No sugar needed, because this was a perfect balance.
Flat White -- Wake up espresso! Perfect with a pretty design in the froth too.
Blueberry & Dark Chocolate Milkshake -- Now, this was FABULOUS! Perfect milkshake, and a delicious dessert, as it was ordered to-go at the end of our meal.
The decor isn't very exciting, and the place is small, but those aren't things I really care about when I want a Sunday brunch. Bravo, Ants Pants Cafe! I'll be back soon.
Oh, waiter was a space-cadet, but obviously I forgave him.I was so excited to try this place because I heard wonderful things and it's in my new hood. Unfortunately, we were super disappointed. We arrived with a party of 5 and not surprisingly had to wait for a bit. The place is definitely smaller than I expected and the back patio was a sauna, so no one would eat out there. Our experience was just subpar. Our server came over and introduced herself but left before we could get a word out to order coffee. 4/5 of us ordered coffee.....and were never once offered a refill. My meal was absolutely awful. My dill eggs were flavorless/saltless. The menu said the dish came with sauteed spinach and I was served a pile of raw spinach. I expected the feta to be mixed in with the egg but instead I got a chunk of cold feta. Overall, just a subpar meal with mediocre service. I was disappointed enough that I emailed my experience on the website and never received a response. Too many good brunch spots to go back here.I found this place by searching outdoor brunch places and I'm glad I did. I'm a big brunch person and in my opinion the food and place is better than Sabrina's, cafe lift, green eggs.
There was a previous review that mentioned to get the stack with avocado and I did. It was definitely heavenly and highly recommended.
Ask to sit in the backyard patio area. The place is smaller so I wouldn't suggest coming here with more than 4 people bc you might feel too tight. If your reading this and haven't been here yet you must!I was in town and picked this spot based on the pictures. I was much more happy with this place than I expected! The tofu dish was very tasty, and the portions for the dishes are large but not too big. Great food and great service.This little "blink and you'll miss it" cafe is quickly becoming one of my post-night shift breakfast spots. They open early, have a quiet and cozy atmosphere, and serve consistently delicious, comforting food. The staff is especially friendly and courteous. My favorites to date are their grilled cheese with tomato and bacon, their milkshakes, and their creme brulee battered french toast with maple syrup and sour cream sauce. Honestly, I was pretty wary of the sour cream sauce at first but it provides refreshing coolness to the sweet bread and maple syrup. The portions aren't skimpy either; once I've paid my check and hit the road home, I'm ready to hop into bed and start all over again later that day with another 12 hours at work sans tummy rumblies. 
Don't forget: they are a cash-only joint. They do have an ATM in-house, though. Oh, and don't try to bring your 10 best friends to dine here, they're small and other patrons will appreciate not having to rub elbows with your entire clan.I love this place!  If you go at peak times there is usually a wait- but it's worth it.  In the summer has outdoor seating.  I am a huge fan of the bagel platter, the cheddar/apple/bacon scramble and spinach salad.  I have never gotten anything I haven't liked.  I've taken parents, siblings, and friends here and all have been very happy.  Reasonable prices.  Cash only.  Sadly closes at 4, but it's a wonderful lunch spot!  Also, they do a great job with pick up/take out which I've gotten many times.Missing Australia while living on the east coast... come to the Ants Pants for some brekkie... why? Because its the Ants Pants!
We had straberry cream cheese french otast, awesome! and an omlette. The staff was super cool and chill, I kind of felt like I was in Coogie or Venice Beach, CA... very cool, woudl definitely revisit if I ever go back to Philly again.My wife bought me a three meat omelet this morning,and it tastes very good. The peach smoothie tastes very natural no artificial flavor which is very good.they do not have many outside seating but the square seating is nearby.mmm ants pants- great Australian fare and one of my favorite hidden gems of philly. tucked away on the far end of south street, this little cafe is full of charm, great service, amazing brunch and even has a patio area with outdoor seating. how they fit so much to love in such a small space is beyond me. as a date spot, it's such a cute, casual place with simple, and warm character!
the coffee here is to die for. made from fair trade beans, their house blend has a full body of flavor. my favorite is the vanilla latte- iced or hot. it's silky and smooth with a hint of sweetness, but it doesn't overpower the coffee base. 
their brunch here is among my favorites. my personal favorites on the menu: 
-bacon stack- perfect amount of tasty bacon and arugula to add a little peppery kick
-salmon platter (on a brioche)- fresh lox, with capers, red onions, and dill cream cheese. you have to get their brioche! it's such wonderfully baked bread
-brekkie platter- when i am craving good old breakfast food. it's your standard eggs, bacon, and brioche. it sounds simple, but ants pants makes it satisfying & there is something about how they cook their eggs.....
-bacon, egg, and cheese on a croissant- my guilty pleasure here. i have had many bacon, egg, & cheese croissant sandwiches, but again- there is something about the way they cook their food here that gives it an extra something special. the egg is fried to perfection, the bacon has just enough crisp but still a bit fatty, and the croissant is toasted slightly for that satisfying crunch. u just have to have one, trust me
-fruit and yogurt w/ granola- now i LOVE fruit & granola w/ yogurt. and every time i eat out for breakfast/brunch i try to order a serving and am consistently disappointed. usually the fruit is just not that fresh, which sucks bc they usually way overcharge for this item. at ants pants the fruit is ALWAYS fresh- i give it to them to always serve quality food, the yogurt is thick & smooth (not greek yogurt, in case you're wondering), and the granola is dense, not that flaky stuff. the best yogurt parfait you will ever have, hands down. 
I am personally not a fan of sweet potato fries in general, but everyone loves them here & i always see a bowl of them on every table, so if you are a fan- i would suggest you try them! their lunch sandwiches are also very good- fresh, and healthy. 
Side notes: 
-CASH ONLY!! but there is an atm conveniently located inside....so smart of them...
-The wait is usually about 30mins- 1hr during peak brunch times
-Pay at the counter- don't try to decipher the bill, it's not meant for you to read ;)Great atmosphere. Server and owner was extremely nice. Had a really hard time deciding between all of the yummy items on the menu plus the specials. Don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu and plan on coming back to try moreFrench toast was dry and not particularly flavorful. Coffee was delicious and bottomless, although it was a bit odd that the half and half is stored at your table without any refrigeration. Perhaps that's why I immediately experienced stomach trouble after eating? Most significantly, although this place is cash only (which anyone reading this review would be well apprised of based on the other yelp reviews), this fact isn't well advertised at the actual location. Passerby beware. I'd advise the restaurant to broadcast this fact better and avoid frustrated customers"It's the Ants Pants!"
My go-to place for brunch. Yes, it's tiny but if you head there in the later hour (1 pm) there shouldn't be a wait. 
Some dishes are a little pricey, but it's all so wonderfully home-cooked, I think it's worth it. I've had the bacon/egg/cheese on a baguette, the BLAT (bacon/lettuce/avocado/tomato), and the cheddar/apple/bacon scramble. Holy cow. Awesome every time. 
You can sub turkey bacon for pork bacon, and sweet potato fries (heaven) for regular fries, too. (Which I highly recommend- Have you heard about that Smithfield nonsense lately? And the thick sweet potato fries are just the tits.)Adorable breakfast spot with an excellent outdoor space in the back and a few dog-friendly outdoor tables in front.  The sweet potato fries are to die for! Add in the friendly serving staff and Ants Pants becomes one of my favourite places for brunch in the city.This is by far my favorite breakfast/brunch spot in the city. They're cash only, but an ATM is on location. The area is indeed small, but the fresh decor makes it cozy enough. The service was good- my coffee was never wanting. The meals are portioned up be just enough and the quality is outstanding. As other have mentioned, the sweet potato fries are really quite nice. The prices won't hurt your wallet and you will leave with a happy belly.Solid brunch place in Grad Hospital. Very lively on a weekend morning, good selection of items on the menu.Great Food! We went there while on a visit to Philly. The brunch options are delicious. French toast and pancakes are a must.
Prices are good for the quality of food and service they provide. Only take cash but they have an ATM on site.I have been here for both brunch and dinner and it does not disappoint.  I love the small dining area and neighborhood atmosphere.  The coffees and juices are delicious and fresh.  Last weekend for brunch we ordered the sweet potato fries with the dipping sauces - delish!  And I had the sweet potato hash with sausage and bacon.  Really yummy and perfect portion.  My boyfriend got a sandwich which was supposed to be on a croissant but they ran out.  The brioche was just okay for him - cut slightly too thick.  The same for my friend who ordered the ham and brie sandwich - it was just too much bread in each bite.
Other than that, I think they have a great menu which caters to both the healthy and the hungover.  
For dinner, I ordered the burger which was cooked perfectly and served hot. I like the staff here - friendly and efficient.
Definitely a keeper!Wonderful place for breakfast or lunch. I had an omelet with spinach, goat cheese, and caramelized onions. Came with sliced fruit. My lady had a honey turkey sandwich with honey mustard, arugula, avocado, and brie. Hers came with salad. Both were made with delicious ingredients and, as another review said, executed perfectly. Wait staff was friendly, engaging. He was interested enough in our satisfaction but not annoyingly over the top.
Also noteworthy: saw on their menu a "bacon milkshake", which I'll have to try next time. Dining room felt cluttered with so many tables in one room, can't help but wonder if they actually ever use them all at once. Prices were very reasonable.I live just few blocks away now so I figured I'd give this brunch place a shot. My friend and I had gotten seats rather quickly for it being a busy morning/noon time with less than 15 minutes of waiting. I appreciate the unique varieties of foods that they have to offer and would likely return for them but on my first go, I tried their Eggs Benedict with salmon since that's the golden brunch standard. The first thing I had noted was that the fruit was served right besides the Eggs Benedict. As a result, my fruit was covered in savory hollandaise sauce and warm and mildly soggy. Sweet and savory do not mix in this particular case. My egg had also been lopsided while being served and so the yolk ended up on the fruit as well. In terms of the Eggs Benedict itself, it was rather satisfactory and proved to be a substantial meal in of itself. My friend and I were also a little confused at the end because no one ended up coming by to collect our check. Overall, I would love to come back for other food options but during their busy hours, it seems their service could be a little bit hectic.Nice little place with its own flavor and quirks about it (got some Aussie vibes inside).
They've got all the milks you need for your coffee (save hemp) and can modify your brunch menu all you want.
Quick service, slightly cramped, but all around a great meal and usually short wait times.I really wanted to write a review because I had dinner at here a week ago and we were the only table on a Thursday night.  Apparently they just started dinner a couple months ago, but word REALLY needs to get out about this great dinner spot on west South Street.
A well-known hoppin' breakfast spot for years, what a great addition to the burgeoning G-Ho 'hood nightlife.  To be in Ants Pants with the lights off outside was a whole new experience - very cozy and inviting.
I was seriously impressed by the food: a delicious cream of scallion soup to start, and then a delicious pork chop dinner.  Perfect-sized portions.  All so good.  
I'll definitely be back.  I hope you give it a try, too.CASH ONLY
Very affordable, delicious menu with unique items. I got the chai pancakes and they were amazing! I typically get savory brunch foods so I was quite surprised/happy with my choice. I went with a friend around 1:30 PM and the wait was only 5-10 minutes but the food took FOREVERRRRR to come.. I don't know if the kitchen is normally that slow or they forgot our order... but fair warning. The place is a little cramped, but there's this semi-outdoor extension in the back where we were seated. They had heaters out since it was January when we went so that was really nice of them!Really cute, whimsical, Aussie themed brunch spot.  Friendly and most importantly, delicious coffee and unique brunch offerings.  I had the special tim tam (Australian cookie) pancakes with espresso sauce, and my husband had a very flavorful hash.  Found this place thanks to Yelp, and happy we did!I've been here two times, and the food is pretty good, although the poached eggs and over easy eggs are both done way over what they should be. They do cram too many tables into a small space, so there's lots of bumping and it's hard to have a conversation, especially in the inside seating. But it's overall a solid brunch choice, especially when the wait at Honey's is long!Nice place for quality breakfeast. Service is fast and friendly. Ingredients always fresh.Great cafe au lait, incomparable sweet potato fries, and good service. 
Wish I could go there everyday!Philly hipster breakfast - - and I mean that in the best way possible.  The staff was really nice, the atmosphere was cozy, great music and awesome eggs.  The eggs with dill, feta and toast was really awesome.  Would recommend it with the salmon uncooked on the side as it tends to get sort of cooked when mixed with the eggs.
I went during the week but can imagine this place going crazy over the weekend.  Great for breakfast during the week.The food was good.  The coffee is strong.  The service was not very attentive.  It was a bit slow, and we never got a refill on our coffee with breakfast.  We heard the other waiter ask his table if they wanted more, but we could never find our waiter.  It was busy, but the other waiter's tables seemed okay.
The custard donut is a fried piece of heaven.  The custard was eggy and delicious.  We tried a bagel with Vegemite (this being an Aussie restaurant, we wanted something distinctly Australian).  It was a bit harsh to me, maybe an acquired taste.  The egg scrambles were good, with fresh ingredients like dill and spinach and granny smith apples.
I'd give it a try again, but at a less-busy time than Sunday brunch.
UPDATE:  Two more visits, and still mediocre service.  The food was well-prepared and tasty (loved the potato chip fries!), but it's been removed from my brunch list.  Once our meals were delivered, our server never returned.  No refills on coffee or water.  No checking in on us.  The place is pretty small, so it's hard to miss a table.  We had to flag someone down when we needed something (there was a problem with our order).  Service isn't awful, but for a $9 breakfast, I expect a bit more.I've been to Ants Pants multiple times and was starting to become a regular.  However, the food quality has gotten worse over time and I will not come back for a while. The problem is that they cook all ingredients on the same cooking surface without cleaning in-between.  This makes your eggs (and all other ingredients on your plate) taste like fish because of the eggs cooking on old grease that was used to cook other food.  I am also not sure they change their frying oil regularly, I wanted to throw up at the smell of my fried potatoes.  Lastly, the size of their shakes and juices has gone down, but not their prices. I'm sad, because I loved the place, but there are other better places in Philly to eat brunch.There's more to Australian cuisine than vegemite and shrimp on the barbi. Ant's Pants makes the best lox and bagel (aka salmon platter) I've ever had (and I eat so much smoked fish that my friend calls me the Sturgeon Prince). What made it great were the veggies - tomato, capers, and cukes. Dill scramble was awesome too, especially the fruit. But my favorite thing on the menu is Vegetarian Sweet Potato Hash - golden beets never tasted so good. Consistently great coffee.  
A friend tells me that Connor Barwin is a regular.Everything here is phenomenal. The food is always amazing, not matter what you order...seriously. The service is always sweet, helpful and efficient. There is a patio in the back for warmer weather. There is usually a wait on the weekends but it moves fairly quickly.
Best food I have tried there:
1. Bacon Stack - love it, hard to resist
2. The bagel with daily special cream cheese is always good. They don't seem to purchase flavored cream cheese but rather take really great plain and mix in fresh ingredients. The dill cream cheese on the menu is always a great choice with capers and tomatoes.
3. The sweet potato fries. Don't be thrown off by the sour cream and sweet chili sauce dippers. Try it, you will loves it, I promise.
Favorite place for brunch in Philadelphia. Although Sabrina's might possibly (maybe possibly) be better food. The overall experience at Ants Pants always makes me smile from beginning to end.Very small, always busy breakfast/brunch spot. The food and lattes are definitely worth the wait and tight quarters. The Maple Bacon sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries is on point! Only downside is it's cash only, but they do have an ATM on-site. 
Service is wonderful and their back patio area is a great place to sit and relax on a nice day!Food isn't too bad, a bit over priced, I've been going there for three years & have decreased the amount of dining due to recurring sourpusses. It's close & convenient if I'm desperate for a $4 bagel yikes.I finally stopped in here for breakfast.  I brought my kindle thinking I would sit at a table and read, but turns out that you can order everything to go so I opted for that instead.
I got the egg sandwich with turkey bacon.  It was absolutely delicious.  The eggs were perfectly cooked with a little bit of runny yolk.  The cheddar cheese was quality and had a great flavor, and turkey bacon had a nice smokiness to it.  The roll it was served on was good too.  I thought it would be like a food truck egg sandwich, but this was way better.  Definitely one of the  best egg sandwiches I've had.
I also got a coffee and it was fantastic.  It had a really nice flavor.I came here recently with my gf for brunch.  The place was small and the seating process was poor and inefficient.  There was a line when we got there with parties all greater than 2.  There were two empty seats by the counter at the window so we went up to ask the cashier if we could sit there.  She kinda ignored us and told us someone would help us.  A few minutes later, she offered the lady standing in line behind us something to drink and gave her some water.  Hello?!  We've been waiting for a while....why didn't you offer us or the other 10 people in line something to drink while we waited?   We waited for 20 mins only to get seated at the window in the 2 empty spots that we had inquired about.  At least the gentleman that seated us (our waiter) was super nice and quick about getting us our food. I ordered the Salmon Platter and it was pretty good.  Please note, if you get the Salmon Platter, do not get it with brioche.  My brioche was toasted and so crumbly that I kept coughing and choking on it. I had to constantly wash it down with my coffee.  My gf wasn't enjoying her meal and said it was just okay.  
Overall the food was okay probably something you could make at home and the service was not so great.  The cashier lady was rude and didn't even greet us.  Though she was surprisingly very nice when we went up to pay for our meal.  She even had the courage to ask us how our meal/visit was....
I've experience better food and service.  Maybe if the place wasn't so crowded, the service would've been better.  Two starts for the nice gentleman that waited and seated us....I love brunch any time of the day so I'm so surprised I've never heard of this place before! I am seriously obsessed with the cozy vibe and super nice waiters they have at this little joint! I ordered two dishes and Maple Bacon was MY FAVORITE.... i cannot stop raving about it. It is literally everything you want for brunch in a sandwich form. It has the perfect texture and crunch to every bite. I also tried their latte and its pretty poppppping!
I will definitely be returning with more friends!
BTW this place is CASH ONLY! there is CVS right across the street so you can always get cash back if you forget ;)I would love for this place to be a great brunch locale...especially because its across the street. But alas, Ants Pants, I can not give you more then 2 stars because the first time I ate here, you were out of...
(wait for it) 
BREAD.  
I mean REALLY?!?!  Bread? First you were out of bagels, then when we ordered a grilled cheese for the vegetarian at the table, you were like, 'sorry dude, no white bread either.' 
In the years since, I have at times begrudgingly gone back to you for brunch, mostly because proximity and connivence.  And on a midweek morning, you have served up some OK meals. And I do love your homemade potato chips (which a really fries, but whatever).  
2 Stars... Because you tried to give my dad Grilled Cheese on Honey Wheat.Expensive for brunch but moderate pricing for lunch. I had their bacon turkey lunch sandwich which was so-so. The ingredients were good quality but the meat was ice cold and the bread was piping hot. Their shoestring fries were very good. The atmosphere of the cafe was very laid back and hipster. Good place!Great spot for lunch! Came here with three adults and a baby. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. Excellent service and the food was tasty! Will definitely be coming back soon!I was happy with my experience here.  My friend and I came for brunch around 11am on a weekday and got seated right away.  I ordered the grilled cheese with side of homemade potato chips.  I thought the sandwich was good.  Good bread.  Included bacon so can't really go wrong with that.  I may have enjoyed it more with less of the mustard sauce used but that's my own personal preference.  The portion size was large so I ate half the sandwich and packed up the rest.  The potato chip was pretty good too and good for leftovers without getting soggy like french fries would.Here twice now.
Parking: meter, not a problem.
Wait: none.
Coffee: fantastic
Food: Tre Bien. Had the Dill Feta Omelet, MMM. Mum had the Brekker & Eggs.. good.  Love the bread. 
Like the Aussie flair.. could use more. More Australian dishes please! Not overboard, just more to stand out. Hell, I would hire only Australians with thick accents. The waiter was attentive and good, no probs there.   
Very cramped, but can be cozy.Really yummy brunch spot on South St.! Since moving to Philly, we've tried Sabrina's, Honey's, Beau Monde, Pumpkin, and yesterday we had Ants Pants Cafe. Our server was really nice, food came out quick even though the little cafe was packed, and the food was really yummy. It was 4 of us plus my 3 year old daughter, and the bench seating was nice for kids.  I had fresh squeezed OJ which was wonderful. My husband and friends had Iced Coffees which they all enjoyed. We ordered the Sweet Potato fries as an appetizer and it came with a side of really yummy sweet/sour/spicy sauce and sour cream. We gobbled that up really quickly! I had something off the specials menu - forgot the name but it was 2 poached eggs with hollandaise sauce over cheddar and jalapeno cornbread with a side of greens topped with balsamic vinaigrette. It was excellent and kept me full all day! My friend got the Lot and was able to substitute bacon for turkey bacon and she really enjoyed that. My husband claims that Honey's French Toast was better than Ants Pants but he still really liked it.
The only reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars is b/c they only take cash and b/c when they serve water on a 95 degree weather day, they should at least give you ice water and not room temperature! We had to ask for 2 cups of ice to cool ourselves down! Other than that, we had a great time with our out-of-town guests and they really liked the food too. Also, the outdoor seating was cute and I plan to go back on a more pleasant day and sit outside :)I am so bummed to write this update but it is my duty as a Yelper.  I'm still giving you three stars because your coffee, food and shop is still very cool but I just can't let you keep the five stars any longer.
I really want to love this place.  I've come back four times since my initial review.  Each time I wait at least 20 minutes to sit down, which I'm okay with since all the great brunch nooks have a mandatory wait.
What I don't like, is that each time I sit down, I wait like crazy for my food.  I'm not sure if it's personal, but each time I've come, we sat down before some groups and way before other groups but we inevitably get our food last.  A few months ago we waited so long after others got their food that I think the waiter felt bad and brought us a complimentary bowl of Tim Tams (which are delicious - I highly recommend them as a snack).
We went last weekend.  The line was long so I got a coffee and tea while we waited to sit, I was just dying for the coffee and couldn't wait another 20 minutes for it.
We sat down and ordered immediately.  A few minutes later, a four top sat in front of me.  A few minutes after that, another couple sat on my right.  
Then we waited....
The couple to my right got their food.  The four top then got their food.  A fifth person joined them right after and placed an order.  We waited... the fifth person then got their food.  Our waitress hadn't even been back to our table.
The couple to my right finished and got their bill... still no food.  The four-top did the same, then our food came.  By then, I was cranky and starving so I just angrily shoveled my food down.
Our waitress then promptly brought the bill and totally didn't care.  I still tipped her 20% out of fear of getting worse service if I do go back.  
This has happened four times.  Why Ants Pants?  WTF did I do to piss you off?Ok.  So over the past couple of visits you guys have gotten your act together and are consistently putting out a good meal and great coffee.  Cheers!I can't believe it's taken me so long to try ants pants but it was worth the wait and lived up to the hype! I came here for brunch on Saturday with a friend around 1045am and we had no problem getting a table- we were able to sit outside in the back grader area which was nice. I ordered an iced chai which was tasty and looked through the menu for food- let me know say there are almost too many options here! There were multiple dishes I wanted to try but ended up getting the hot & sweet bacon egg and cheese roll that came with fries. It was DELICIOUS and super filling - I couldn't even finish the whole sandwich because it was just so much food, and at $10 not a bad price at all! Our server was polite and overall my friend and I had a really nice time here. Pro tip though- ants pants is cash only - there is an ATM in the restaurant but just be aware! I will definitely be coming back here soon!I come here because it's in my neighborhood, but I wish it were something a little differnt. I haven't tried their lunch or dinner, and the menu does look great. After living in New Zealand and Australia for a short time, I appreciate the nod to flat whites as something that sets them apart.
I've always been a little disappointed with what I've gotten, the coffee's not great (I usually get iced when I'm here), the pastries look like they came from a bad commissary, and I agree that the servers act like their annoyed that you're there. The one major food item I've received there is the egg sandwich. I think it was almost $7, and came on a huge hoagie roll. They call it challah, but it's essentially a hoagie roll. Way disproportionate to the egg on the sandwich. 
If your going to be cash only, is there a way to make your ATM not have a fee? I think this would be a huge service to your customers that are there trying to enjoy your establishment, rather than inconveniencing them further.My go-to coffee and breakfast spot...coffee, menu and service always consistently excellent.  A real neighborhood gem with friendly service and happy customers.  It's the kind of place where they remember your name and favorite drink.  Have had dinner a few times and it's super yummy.  Selfishly would like to keep it a secret but I know word will travel fast.Simple, fresh, well-prepared food. If that was the only criterion, I'd give it five stars. Perfectly decent service, too. The menu and coffee drinks are based on New Zealand standard fare, and if you've been to New Zealand, you know that's a good thing (except for Marmite which thankfully I think they don't have...Yuck!)
The negatives: this is a "family-friendly" place, it seems, so if you want a quiet weekend brunch/breakfast you're out of luck. The restaurant is a small and cramped single room space, so noise travels loudly. On top of that, they're playing music (good music...the Beatles) but that only adds to the din as people talk more and more loudly over the wailing screams and shouts of infants. I know this will sound crotchety to some (parents), but I'm all for taking the kids out--just not to 10x10 cubes where I am also eating. 
Also, they are cash only. An on-site ATM helps that though. 
During the week when it's less like the Romper room and more like a quiet cafe, the place is 5 of 5.Brunch here was unforgettable. And I say unforgettable because I went here approximately 10 months ago, and I just got around to writing my review, and I still remember exactly what I got.
I got The Stack, but with turkey bacon instead of regular bacon. I prefer bacon of the turkey persuasion wherever applicable. And it was great. Nay, it was PERFECT. 
I went with two other people, and it is a pretty tiny place, so seating was a little tricky on a Saturday at 11 a.m. for three people. We had to wait a while for a table, and our stomachs were eating themselves about 15 minutes into our wait, but it was worth it.
Service was a little slow, but it was pretty busy. My only real complaint is that I didn't have more room in my stomach to order more. Yes, that's my ONLY REAL COMPLAINT.
That's really all I have for now. Please go here.A wonderful way to pop off a Sunday morning. I'm not a brunch person per se, but Ants Pants is a great spot in the 11-1 o'clock hours, given good company.
It's kind of squished in the seating area, which I think brings out its charm. Ants Pants has the best coffee on South Street, and a menu that satisfies breakfast and lunch tastes. Everybody speaks highly of their unique recipe for French Toast.
A great New York City-like cafe, that's low priced, hip, and worth returning to. Note: They're closed Tuesdays, which I think is great... though it's easy to forget.Consistent and solid brunch choice. BYO champagne to mix with their frothy orange juice for a delicious mimosa. The vegetarian hash is a top choice, and the chip fries with sriracha wiz! The lines have been long, but the service is quick once seated. Cash only!THE ITALIAN SAUSAGE HASH IS SO GOOD. The italian sausage itself was actually a little more charred than I would have liked, but the potatoes were yummy. All the hash is sweet potato which is awesome. The prices are a lot lower than other brunch places even though the food quality is the same -- if not better! To keep their prices low, it's cash only so keep that in mind when making your way over to South street. There's also a back seating area so the restaurant is bigger than it looks! No worries, but also try avoid going from 11-1 to avoid weekend brunch rush hour.My 15 year old son and I had breakfast here yesterday and it was excellent. I had an egg and cheese on an English muffin and my son had pancakes--he said they were some of the best he's ever had. We enjoyed the atmosphere and our server was super friendly and welcoming. We plan to return soon.Before living in Philly I visited and had my mind blown by the omelette with  caramelized onions and goat cheese. I thought about it for years. 4 years later I returned,had the omelette again, and found that it was just as good as I remembered. The sweet potato fries are served with chili sauce that is addictive.Went here on a Monday afternoon for brunch. Cute small place with awesome prices. Must be a pain to try to eat here on the weekends since its so small, but on a Monday afternoon- no problem. I need to eat out more on Mondays. Anyways coffee was super good and OJ was awesome- actually fresh squeezed.. French toast was also super good although a little more fruit would have been nice. Overall solid choice for breakfast/brunch/lunch with yummy food. Oh-fantastic service as well with ample coffee refills...Mediocre food almost always served with a side of spaced-out.  Two of us ordered sandwiches alleged to contain nova scotia salmon.  We had to take out our reading glasses to find it.  The waitress did not write down our orders and proceeded to make three mistakes on four orders.  We wondered how she got the fourth one right but decided not to inquire further.  With so many places to eat simply, this one is not worth it by any standard.Our trusty brunch place. Portions are big, prices are great! Staff are always friendly. Paul is wonderful.Brunch.  Saturday at 11:30 am.  Obviously there's going to be a wait, but I at least ask you to please overestimate on the wait time, never underestimate.  Telling me it will be 20 minutes and then it being 50 just makes for an automatically disappointed customer.  I have no problem with waiting, but I would have much rather been told an hour and then walked around the area for a little bit.
As for the food, I had the sweet potato hash with sausage, bacon, and eggs.  Delicious.  Everything, especially the sunny-side-up eggs were cooked perfectly.  I like them gooey, so they did good.  I would definitely try this place again, but I hope next time they are better about delivering a proper wait estimation.Great spot on South Street to visit for a coffee or breakfast while your out n about.. I recommend Ants Pants to all my customers that are looking for a quality meal! 
- Flavius@AllThatJazzPhilly.comAlways worth the wait. Everything on the menu is outrageously good. I've taken friends, coworkers, my Mom, kids, etc. My 3 teenagers loved their food. I love the fresh ingredients and homemade soups. Today I had the caramel milk shake with almond milk. It's was delish. 
Pancakes are insane. Egg stack is so good and a fun change for brunch. Crispy bacon and feta salad is one of my favorites. You have to get the sweet potato fries to share. 
Service is solid and friendly. Place is always clean.Fantastic brunch! I am sorry that I didn't notice this place earlier, or else I would have been a frequent visitor in the past. 
My friend and I were quickly seated on a Saturday at 11:30 a.m. in March - prime brunch hour. The wait for Honey's was over two hours and we happened to see the Ants Pants sign, so we wandered inside. Best decision of the day! The cafe was busy but not packed, and we were promptly greeted by a friendly hostess. 
We split the spinach, goat cheese, and caramelized onion omelet and the french toast. I did find it odd to be charged an additional $1.00 for syrup, which should be included in the french toast price. I've never been charged for syrup before? Food was delicious, arrived promptly, and our waitress was attentive without being disruptive. 
Part of me hopes that Ants Pants Cafe will become more of a Philly brunch fixture, but the other part hopes it will stay a secret so I don't have to wait for delicious brunch on the weekends.Ants Pants came highly recommended and I've been meaning to make my way there anyway, so today I took a stroll in the sunshine to give it a go.  We got there early so didn't have to wait very long.  It was quite warm inside and the back outdoor area was full, so we elected to sit out front.  The table was fine, but I felt bad for the couple next to us, who were seated right next to the basement access.  Apparently they needed a lot of stuff from the basement.
I ordered a vanilla milkshake and the eggs benedict.  I was torn between the benedict and egg, ham, and brie sandwich, but chose benny because I've been craving it.  My partner ordered the bacon stack and a strawberry shake.
The milkshakes were delish - no problems there.  Friend had no complaints about his bacon stack.  And while I demolished the eggs benedict because I was starving, I wasn't bowled over by them.  I've definitely had better.  The eggs were slightly overcooked, there was only ham on half of it and the same for the spinach, and it was too bland for my tastes.  It just didn't come together for me.
The portions are more reasonable than a lot of brunch places in the area, so if you're looking for something where you won't have 9 servings of french toast on your plate or enough food to feed a small country, Ants Pants has your back.
Overall, it was good but not spectacular.  I will probably come back in the hopes of finding something more to my liking on the menu.  It's a cute place and worth a second try.Staying in the area for a few days and the people who owned the apartment recommended this place. I had the maple bacon and it might have been the best sandwich I have ever eaten! 
My friends had an omelette and the stack, which also looked pretty good!Waste of time, slow service, mediocre food. I only went because I received a gift card. I don't plan on returning.Ants Pants is the spot to get your breakfast fix on, down under style.  I am hooked on the weekend brunch, esp. the 'brekkie." And they always seem to have a great, casual & friendly crowd there.Eaten here twice. Cannot say enough about the maple bacon sandwich! My new favorite brunch meal. Also got an Aussie iced coffee the second time. Was a little espresso heavy but then it melted in with the ice cream and it was so good.Ambience: the courtyard is small but cozy and preferable during warm weather versus the inside which tends to get a little cramped. 
Food: the food is delicious! My favorite dish for brunch is the vegetarian sweet potato hash. It consists of golden beets, grilled fennel and sunny side-up eggs with a horseradish ginger aioli that brings everything together is a way that's very satisfying to the palate.
Service: the staff are very friendly and accommodating; we didn't have to wait long for our food at all. 
I highly recommend this place!It was my first time trying this place.  The staff were friendly.  I ordered the BLT with avocado with a side salad.  It was very good. They are a cash only place, but do have an ATM on premise.  I would go again.