Given the good reviews, I wanted to like this place, but the food left much to be desired.  
The food seemed to be generic Mediterranean foods rather than the Syrian/Armenian cuisine I was excited to sample.  We had an assortment of appetizers, but the dishes were bland (including a babaganoush that didn't seem have much eggplant at all).  There seemed to be a great dearth of garlic, salt, and pepper in the kitchen.  
The pita chips were my biggest complaint and were not a good accompaniment to the dishes; given that the chef comes from regions well-known for their bread, I was expecting some really good lavash.  Moreover, the chips were under-toasted!  I had many chips that were half-crunchy, half-limp.  It made for an unpleasant texture.  They tasted like store-bought pitas toasted without olive oil or seasoning. 
I don't think I'll be back, at least for some time.They have worked out the kinks and the food is fantastic. Well done med food. A great addition to the northern liberties food sceneBest authentic Armenian food ever!! I have been twice now for dinner and it is absolutely delicious! I can't wait to try their brunch.Tried this place for the first time and the only thing I was disappointed about was that I had not tried it sooner. This is the ultimate authentic, family owned,  cozy, byob, fresh Mediterranean/Armenian spot probably in all of Philly. 
The owner took care of us and helped us decide what to order, even convincing me to try the lamb which I never eat. I ordered the combo platter with chicken, lamb, and the beef stick (forget the term). All the meat was cooked so incredibly well, so juicy, so flavourful. Also ordered the Greek salad and babaganoush, which did not disappoint at all. Also got a side of the grape leaves (sooo good!) and the cheese puff (also forget the name lol). 
There are so many other dishes I want to try here. I'll definitely be back soon.Food OK - Chicken dry.  Prices above average.  Looks to be a new spot.The best stuffed grape leaves I have ever had. And such a cozy space.Great food and awesome service! 
I love Mediterranean food and this place did not disappoint. Everything was good, and the service was excellent.Amazing!!! My mom and I shared the sample platter and it was filling and delicious!!! Highly recommend!!!!I'm Armenian and this place makes me homesick.
The prices and portions are super reasonable, so it's very easy to try a bunch of the Armenian appetizers. This is the only place in Philly I've found lahmajoon (Armenian pizza), and you can never go wrong with boregs and dolma. The kabobs are among the best in the city! The service is really quick and super friendly.Cute place.. Great staff the food was really good. I like the choices of dips. The desserts was absolutely amazing I'm craving one now. The menu had good selections and the prices are good, also it's a Byob place always a plus. I will definitely come back!From the appetizers to the desserts, everything was delicious. Both the  lamb and chicken were tender, seasoned well and cooked to perfection. We had four platters and sampled different sides, all were great. The Apricot Stone is a wonderful, authentic Armenian restaurant. Philly is lucky it opened here.I was thinking to try this place for a long time! So decided to give a try via take out, I ordered a mix platter. When you order this platter you can mix how you like, we got chicken, beef and lulen kebab with eggplant salsa and babaganoush. Yes, I love eggplant in any way! Also when I said that I want to try their mujaddara(lentil and caramelized onions) I was offered to switch rice pilaf to that, which made my platter perfect! Overall it's very flavorful food but it's good flavor, I liked the flavor of the meat, how lentil was cooked, and of course, I enjoyed the eggplant sides. I can tell in our area this place one of the best Mediterranean place. Will be back for dinner!Diversity & Value: ApricotStone's "Plates" come with pita, rice pilaf, and choice of 5 different dips (e.g. babaganoush, hummus, etc.) and 5 different salads (e.g.: greek, tabouleh, etc.)  - but you can also sub the rice for a tasty mujaddara (lentils & caramelized onion). Grilled chicken kebab and veggies were great. Try the Armenian coffee - essentially a Turkish coffee. Nice atmosphere in a nice neighborhood and great value. Friendly, helpful staff.This place was so good! We had no problem getting a table for 6 outside around 6:30 (mind you it was a Tuesday night). The appetizer portions were just right for sharing and the entree was huge! Definitely enough for two people to share. Our waitress was also very poised especially with our demanding (but friendly!) group. It is BYOB which is nice, I wish they had an ice bucket for our white (but I didn't think to ask because it was opened so quickly). The outside filled up quickly by the end of the night. Overall very excited to have this place in the neighborhood. Will be back for sure!After hearing about apricotstone from friends for months, my boyfriend and I decided it would be the perfect "snow day" lunch spot. 
The dip trio - we selected hummus, jajukh and muhamara. Our taste buds were blown away. The hummus was creamy and flavorful but definitely not overpowered by tahini or lemon. The muhamara was my boyfriends favorite of the three and it was also his first time trying any kind of crushed walnut dip. I LOVED the jajukh with the chunky cucumber and fresh taste of mint. 
While I opted for a falafel platter, my boyfriend decided upon a chicken kebab sandwich (wrap). It was gone in 5 minutes and he said he could've eaten another because it was so tasty. 
While I'm normally not a rice pilaf person, the pilaf served with the falafel plate reminded me why most food tastes better when it's not dumped out of a box and into a pot of boiling water. The tabouleh was a standard staple side but the falafels took the prize. They were gigantic to start and neither dry nor soggy -- always a plus! More than enough to take home for leftovers.
We dined in for lunch and the service was prompt and pleasant. If we lived any closer, I'm sure it would be our standard go-to takeout place. But now that we've experienced just a few of the amazing apricotstone tastes, I'm sure we'll be back for more --- and soon! 
**added plus, BYO.
*** extra added plus, baklava.I had my Rehearsal dinner at Apricotstone at May 4. I could not asked for a better quality of food and great environment. The food was excellent and the staff were very friendly and they did a great job. Our guests enjoyed all the great appetizers and great food.Love this place!! I've been here 7-8 times already even though this place just opened pretty recently.  I go here once a week because I want to try everything!
The food tastes amazing and is always fresh and authentic.  The prices are decent and you get a lot of bang for your buck.  BYOB is always a plus as well.
The dips are all amazing! from the hummus to the baba ghanoush to the roasted red pepper walnut dip.  Love the tatziki cucumbers, the lentils with caramelized onions, grape leaves and falafel.   The israeli salad and eggplant salad are so fresh and flavorful as well. Love that they offer whole wheat pita!
I usually go with either the chicken kebab platter or chicken schwarma platter! And you gotta finish off with some of their homemade baklava as well mmmm!Delicious Armenian authentic food, great service, super cute and trendy décor! Definitely a top favorite on my list of restaurants!Was in Northern Liberties and stopped by for lunch.  Had the lamb kebab sandwich and it was excellent.  Meat was cooked perfectly, extremely tender and seasoned well.  Definitely a great value for lunch.  Also really enjoyed sitting outside in the patio. Highly recommend.Agree with all the 5 * reviews. Nothing to add  loved our waitress and overall service for our opinionated group of 6. Chosen by my 20-something daughter who lives nearby, we knew it was byob but were actively planning a dry night (till my cousin went and showed up with two bottles of wine )
The little strip/plaza where it is located is also especially cool. Just love all that is going on in Philly these days. Would def go back.Delicious! The interior decor and all of the food were all totally on point. We got a triple dip appetizer, a combination plate, and the Armenian pizza. I'd recommend everything. Their hummus and the red pepper dip were particularly outstanding, as well as the lamb.The food at this place was quite good and the service I experienced was excellent. The weather was great so the outside was packed and the place isn't particularly big but the owner/manager brought a table outside just so my girlfriend and I could sit out there. It made me feel special and I was impressed. I'm not even a big fan of Mediterranean food but I enjoyed myself never the less. I was shown hospitality lacking in many restaurants.I've been waiting for a place like this in northern liberties! Food is amazing!!! waitress/ hostess was on point and really friendly. We will be back!I'm a falafel FREAK so going to apricotstone has been on my Philadelphia bucket list almost since it opened. The space is right on Liberties Walk in Northern Liberties conveniently by the Piazza and a giant free parking lot. 
I met up with my favorite pair of yelpers for a casual dinner so we discuss our plans for a trip we are taking. The small dining room was great for facilitating a conversation without having to scream over anyone. We were seated pretty quickly for are reservation. Since it's BYOB, we brought beers to accompany our meals.
The menu is relatively small but offers plenty of options for meat eaters and vegan alike. As a vegetarian, I went with the falafel platter with jajukh, israeli salad, and a whole wheat pita. The platter also comes with rice pilaf with tiny delicious noodles. Once our meal came, we didn't get much planning done because we were all too busy chowing down! The creamy, cooling jajukh mixed perfectly with the crispy falafel while the freshness of the salad just upped the flavor. I put everything into the pita to make a sort-of-sandwich. I ate til I was stuffed and there was still an entire falafel ball which I took home for a late night snack. 
Definitely an awesome spot to hit up in due to it's deliciousness and huge portion size. I will definitely be back!It's only been a few days since I've been to apricot stone, but I'm already making plans to go back for round 2! The restaurant has a very cozy vibe and every dish is made and served with a very personal touch. It is, however, a small space so make sure you make a reservation on busy nights, even if it's just for two. 
In regards to the food, the platters are definitely the best option as you get to sample a little of everything: salad, dipping sauce, meat, rice, and pita bread. The chicken shawarma platter was served with a seasoned yogurt sauce that took the dish to the next level! Other favorites: Lebni and the Greek salad. For appetizer, the spanakopita and a cheese boreg (aka cheese puff pastry) were both very good. 
Delicious food and BYOB? *pinch me*Amazing meal at apricot stone! Very accommodating for gluten allergy! Babganouash was to die for! We'll definitely be back when we're in the neighborhood!Apricot Stone is amazing!  
They have the best tzatziki in Philadelphia and some of the BEST hummus!
Must try their muhamara!! And babganoush!  (Trio of dips for $9)
BYOB with no corkage fee!
Great location!
Everything was fresh and true authentic Armenian.  The owner is a woman who has been cooking her whole life, and started the business as a catering company out on the Main Line.  Their portions are generous, and prices are phenomenal.  The food was fresh, real ingredients.  My veggie sandwich ($7) had perfectly cooked orange peppers- not overly done, mushy or coated in too much oil as per any typical mediterranean place.
Their desserts were truly amazing.  Normally baklava tastes syrupy and is soggy to me, but this large tall slice had chopped walnuts you could actually taste.  My favorite was the baklava with cheese.  They go through their desserts so often that they are ALWAYS from a fresh batch.  
I will definitely go back!They just opened three weeks ago. They are open at 10 for Sunday brunch.  I like this place.  It's a byob. I went here with my nieces and boyfriend and a good friend.  They have a chef tasting menu. You select 4 ideas and they choose your dessert. They gave us all five desserts so we can sample the all the dessert.  You have a choose of two appetizer, bread, and you get to choose one out of the three chooses and a salad all for $20.  It's a great deal, because we all picked something different so we could try it.Both the service and food are great! Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. The lamb and fillet kabobs were excellent. It's a big portion that comes with rice pilaf, a dip, and salad. The price of each meal is good for the amount of food that you get.  I would definitely come back to this restaurant.Came here on a whim for a dinner date with some friends. Food was pretty good, but the restaurant was so hot that day, no AC and no air flow, and with 2 kids under 3yrs old, not a good combination. We ordered the triple dip to share and would have prefered pita bread over pita chips, but the tatzika dip was my fav of the 3. I ordered the chicken swarma which I really enjoyed. Their rice pilaf was really good. Other complaint is that our waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed, he also forgot to put in our friend's entree order. I would like to come back again and hopefully be able to edit my review.Five stars is simply not enough. I have always liked Mediterranean food, but this restaurant has officially pushed it to my favorite kind of food. When we first got there, we were asked if we had a reservation, so we were worried that we wouldn't be able to get a table, but we were seated very quickly. Their menu is on the smaller size, but it is by no means limiting. All of the food was freshly (and quickly) prepared. I had the chicken shawarma with pilaf, babaganoush, tabouleh, and a warm white pita. I ate several bites separately, but eventually ended up mixing many of the components and shoving inside the pita so I could shove it into my mouth faster. My boyfriend had a lamb kabob with fattoush, humans, and a wheat pita, and he was also very satisfied. Our bill was only $30, which is very reasonable for dinner in the city. This will definitely be on our to-do list the next time we come to Philly.Best food in Philadelphia.  The dip trio was outstanding, as was the spanakopita and falafel.  My entree was the Luleh kebab, which was perfect.  My husband ordered kebab tasting platter.  All the different kebabs were great.  I can't say enough.  Go here!!I've been putting off going here, even though it's in my neighborhood because my expectation was low. After all, hummus is hummus right? Every bite on my plate was phenomenal! I had the chicken kabob with hummus and a Greek salad. They were nice enough to substitute my rice for a lentil dish. Most kabobs I've had are flavorful but dry. These were moist and delicious. It seemed as if some sweet mother was cooking for her children. My suspicion was right! The owners mother was the cook! I'm so happy that this fantastic place opened in my neighborhood.Great little restaurant.  There seems to be a large free parking lot a block or so away (at least I hope it was free -will find out soon) 
Friendly owner, patient in explaining menu 
Food was outstanding with ample portions and good prices.Delicious Armenian food, great service, and great value.  Best kept secret in Northern Liberties.Ordered the Chicken Shawarma platter to go. Absolutely fantastic. The chicken was super flavorful, the tahini and hot sauce on the chicken really made it pop. The rice was seasoned perfectly. The babaganoush was also really great, perfect accompaniment to their lavash. I also opted for the eggplant salad with my platter, also great. 
Incredible amount of food for the price. I'm glad to have this option in the neighborhood.We do a different country theme every year for Christmas. This year we did Armenia. Apricot Stone knocked it out of the park! With limited knowledge of Armenian Christmas tradition, we put ourselves completely in their hands. Every recommendation was delicious--and they even supplied details on storing and reheating each item.  We will definitely be back to dine in. Highly recommended. Wonderful people. Delicious food.I hesitate to give this place a good review because I want it to remain a hidden gem. Bottom line: this place is awesome. If you live in the hood, go there. Get the lamb. I cannot pronounce much less spell most of the dishes but every single one I've had there makes me sad when it is finished. The staff is attentive and the chef is authentic. You will not be sorry you tried it.We came here with a dinner reservation on a Saturday night. A very small restaurant with a small outdoor seating area (under a tarp/tent). Our party of 6 was seated on time inside. Very nice service, seems like a mom-and-pop type of restaurant. We got appetizers to share: kibbeh kufteh, cheese boreg (highly recommend). I got the lamb platter, and with that you get rice pilaf and thin pita, and you pick: a dip and a salad. I loved my lamb. So juicy and tasty. I highly recommend! The pita and dip were OK.
The Pros:
BYOB!
Cute interior
Amazing lamb/food
The Cons:
Smaller spacePerfect spot for Middle Eastern/Armenian food in Northern Liberties! Owner and server were attentive and friendly. We ordered the chicken kabob and luleh platters and you could tell the food was made fresh with the best ingredients. The baklava was rich and sweet, perfect with a cup of coffee and ending to a good meal. 
Great addition to the area! Conveniently located and plenty of free parking on the street or in the Piazza dirt lot. I'm definitely going back!Whenever I visit my best friend in Philly, we always get takeout from here! The restaurant is definitely family operated and is very cute and cozy. Apparently they are always booked up because the restaurant is really small so I recommend making reservations. 
I always get the chicken kebab plate with babganoush and muhamara. The rice pilaf is very buttery so it tastes great but not good if you are trying to watch your diet! The hummus and pita are very delicious as well. If you dine in, you can bring your own bottle of wine!Was in tonight for the first time and we loved everything about apricotstone. We decided to go with the special which was a traditional Armenian Christmas dish. Also had hummus and mujaddara. Everything was absolutely delicious. We will definitely return! Friendly staff & cozy atmosphere as well. Grateful for this fantastic spot in our neighborhood!I live in Northern Liberties and I am part Armenian, so I might be a bit biased, but I love Apricot Stone. We tried a bunch of offerings and everything was delicious; the platters, salads, dips, pita, and lahmajun hit the spot and were fabulous as leftovers as well. And the baklava!! Never, never forget the baklava, as the Armenians make it best (told you I'm biased). Fresh, delicious food that reminds me of my grandparents; I couldn't ask for much more than that.The lamb platter was excellent. The amount of food was generous for the price, especially in the city. Their menu has all the bases covered: salads, apps, vegetarian, meat, dessert. My platter came with a choice of a salad and a dip, both of which were relatively healthy options. It's nice to see that rather than a side of potato chips or cole slaw.  The place had a very family friendly vibe. I took my food to go but am looking forward to sitting in next time.I usually take out here I have never dined in for lack of time. The food is always good and customer service is always cheerful, and friendly. I love the lamb kebob sandwich is one of my personal favorites along with the babaganoush, tabouleh, and baklava with walnuts. My only complaint is while the falafel is large it is just missing something for me its not as flavorful as I'd like it to be. Overall, I love this place go at least once a week, and recommend it to everyone.The lamb platter was fantastic along with the cheese boreg and stuffed grape leaves! I've been thinking all day about the fatoush salad! Can't wait to go back and try everything else I didn't!Why did it take me so long to get to Apricot Stone??  I love Middle Eastern food so when I first read about the opening, it was on my list to try. A year later and I finally made it and now I'm a little sad I don't live or work nearby!  If I did, I could see this being a regular spot for lunch or dinner. 
The space is very small so its best to make a reservation, especially if you have more than two in your party. Its a cute, bright and cheery spot that is good for casual dining.  While we were there, a birthday party gathering was also happening, but its not a formal place if that's what you desire. 
There are many options to choose from for appetizers, dips and salads. The grape leaves were good but different from any I've had before. The cheese boreg was a little pocket of delicious.  I only ordered one but wanted a second. I got the falafel platter, all the platters come with rice pilaf, a choice of a dip, a salad and pita.  There were four large pieces of falafel and the platter was a generous serving. So many vegetarian and vegan options that are color coded on the menu.  Why doesn't every restaurant do this?? Very flavorful meal that I want again very soon!We just had a family birthday party at the restaurant and it was absolutely wonderful!  We can't say enough good things about this byob restaurant.  The food was fantastic, and the quantities were enormous.  Amazing appetizers including one of the best pieces of food I've ever put into my mouth - their hot, flaky spinach spanikopita!  The salads, the humus, the chicken and beef kabobs, all great, and the amazing desserts - especially the cheese baklava!  The ambience was perfect - cozy and beautiful and festive for a party of about 23 people.  We were able to have the whole place to ourselves for several hours at a reasonable price.  Everyone there, from the owners to the servers, were so committed to making sure everything was perfect.  We can't wait to come back when the weather is warm, to sit outside.Apricotstone is another one of Philly's great spots that had a place on my radar. I finally got to check them out in a large group dining setting for Sari A.'s final goodbye dinner.
To be honest, I took my Yelper hat off for this meal and wasn't paying as much attention to the dining details as I normally would. With that being said, I enjoyed my food, service and company.
I ordered the falafel sandwich, which was tasty but should've gone for the falafel platter. For just a small price difference, it would've came with much more. The pita wrap almost overpowered everything on the inside.
As far as group dining is concerned, I didn't actually feel like we were treated as group dinners. The service was on top of their game the entire meal.
The BYOB setting amongst a great crew made it all the more enjoyable.
Another regret would be splitting the baklava with my husband. I should've gotten one (or five) for myself.
Without a doubt, I'll be a repeat eater. I can see why everyone likes this place so much.Down the alley off of 2nd Street, on the corner at the end of the block, Apricot Stone is a surprisingly good Mediterranean place. Menu has all the typical offerings. But each was done a little bit better than what we usually encounter. The pepper and walnut spread was yummy. Hummus ok. Tazkiki sauce w cukes was decent but dried mint on the top would have been improved if fresh mint was used. My lamb kabob was overdone. Chicken shawarma was terrific. We got 3 sandwiches, one platter, 3 dip appetizer plus rice appetizer. Tab came to $65. Very decent for 4.We came here with a large group a few months ago for a friends' birthday and had a great time!  it was super affordable and we loved that it was BYO.  The server explained everything really well about the menu and helped us order the right amount of apps for the table and give recommendations on entrees for everyone.  I can't wait to come back soon.I had the opportunity to return to Apricot Stone, marking what is my fifth visit. Happily, the restaurant keeps getting better. 
My dinner partner and I share a wonderful appetizer, called muhamara. Served in a pole with pita chips, muhamara is a mix of roasted red peppers and walnuts, made into a paste like substance. It was excellent, as were the chips. We also had lahmajoun, which is their version of an Armenian pizza with meat and vegetables, which one can roll up and eat as a sandwich, or tear off pieces one by one. We shared a third appetizer of kibbeh kufteh, similar to the kibbeh you find in other Middle Eastern countries, this version prepared with bulgar wheat shells and beef. These three shared appetisers, or mezze, along with our BYO wine made a meal in itself. However, since everything was so good, we decided to share an order of their Mix Platter, which includes a choice of three dishes; lamb kebab, falafel, chicken kebab, shawarma or luleh kabob, also a beef. At $21, it was an excellent meal, as it also included a dip such as babaganoush, hummus or one of numerous options, plus a salad and rice pilaf.
The meal was terrific and surely was enough, until the waitress described an Armenian dessert called Anoush Abur, a texture something like bread pudding, but made with barley wheat, apricot, raisins and almond pudding. Well worth the finale for the evening.
Seating is both outside, as well as inside, where in the event of inclimate weather, can make seating limited, as inside seating is limited.
A great value, authentic food and very friendly ambiance. I hope this review does not prevent me from being able to get seating due to long lines in the future.My favorite spot in No Libs, actually in all of Philly. Food is delicious and atmosphere is refreshing! 
I recommend everything and anything!Fantastic experience all around. I didn't realize that it was a BYOB place so I had to run to the wine and liquor store about a five minute walk away. The waiter was very knowledgeable about making sure we had gluten-free items and that there was no cross-contamination. I loaded up on hot appetizers while my girlfriend had the kebab tasting platter. The stuffed grape leaves were out of this world and getting a dip trio gives you the option of trying several cold appetizers. I would definitely come back to this place as they have some nice outdoor seating. Not only was the food and service great, but it all came at a very reasonable price.Authentic Armenian food....made with love, experience,  and plain delicious.  I go there regularly. ...Wow! What a perfect little gem to join the neighborhood. The service was friendly, the space was great but the real winner was the food. 
I came in with a group and that allowed us to taste and sample a few of the dips and appetizers with some delicious crispy bread, the most delicious fillo dough boreg with cheese that was just ouzzing out, so so good, and of course we got some kebabs. The lamb and chicken is what we tried but I suspect they're all equally amazing in taste. I also loved the presentation. The kebabs came in the actual skewers they were cooked with! 
It is BYOB- so you just can't go wrong in any way. There is outdoor seating as well and open space around so it's very nice on to dine outside as well. 
Overall, this is an absolute must try place and I'm sure it will become one of your favorites.I was charmed by the food and the service. Delicious food I remember and will return for. Caring and sensitive staff who looked out for my tastes; saw the look on my face and suggested a substitution when I didn't speak up and ask for one (I'm not a confrontational orderer). And this was on a busy night for them! Many grateful thanks for a wonderful night out; the first free night I've had in months. Highly recommended!!I wish it was kosher. Israeli food is delicious, but the spiced meats are greater.
More Israeli salads, as wellLove this place and depending on what you get it is 5 stars.  This is a BYOB spot and you can make reservations so highly recommend you do both since it is a small restaurant.  I would recommend you start with the cheese boreg.  I tried several entrees and my favorite was the beef kebab and lamb kebab.  The chicken schwarma and falafel were pretty good but not sure if I would order those.  I also really liked the sides of hummus, lebni, babaganoush, tabouleh, and israeli salad.  Finally, you must get the baklava with cheese.  The owner claims they make this the best and I believe it.  It is made fresh in house and sometimes they run out here but I would make sure to check when you get there and reserve a few of these.  I would come back here just to get this which was amazing.I've been here a handful of times since it opened. Always a great experience! Inside is a very comfortable, neighborhood vibe - huge windows, tight tables, and awesome staff that are friendly but still have a gritty Philly attitude that most new restaurants are missing. All vegan and vegetarian items are color coded on their menu. The baba ganoush is absolutely amazing and you can't go wrong with the falafel sandwich or a salad with falafel on top. BYOB and affordable food make this yet another Northern Liberties neighborhood staple.I'm very happy to say I have finally came to apricotstone all I hear is good things about it, and it is the best Armenian and Mediterranean food I have had.  The staff is customer friendly and educate you with type of food they have and what they are made from.  If anyone wants an amazing Mediterranean food I recommend apricot stone without thinking twice you will NOT be disappointedThis place is a gem. We've been several times and it is in our neighborhood. The food is incredible!!! The service is so warm and friendly-- it feels like you are with family. I highly recommend and usually eat in so everything is hot and fresh. BYOB!Love love love this place! 
I visit philly every month and this is the newest gem in the city.
I got the kabob tasting platter (got to choose from three meats) I got the luleh, beef & chicken ...loved all three especially the rice and sides it came with. 
Overall very pleased with this place ... this is exactly what Philly needed.. A cozy Mediterranean restaurant that takes me back home.Awesome. My new favorite in the city. Great food great service. Get the dip trio and the kebab trio. Can't miss. Will be back every chance I get.Food is made with lots of heart.  Great Armenian dishes coming out of this kitchen.  Plus BYOB... can't beat that.  Owners are great.  
This place is our go-to when we're out for date night.I have yet to be disappointed by this restaurant. They are consistent in quality, service, and their prices are reasonable. Shawarma, kabobs, and the walnut/red pepper dip are go to favorites for our family, but all dishes are great!We have passed by this place multiple times and finally thought of doing a take out to avoid parking hassles near the Piazza. We ordered lahmajoun, lamb sandwich and luleh kebab sandwich. Lahmajoun was oh so awesome. Perfect quantity of meat between folded thin pita. Lamb sandwich could have been cooked a little more well but that could be a personal preference too. I don't like medium cooked meats in middle eastern cuisine. Luleh kebab was very well marinated and cooked. It was juicy and tender. We were overall pretty impressed with this place and will definitely come back to try some shawarma.Such a yummy spot! And such attentive staff. BYOB - so bring drinks.Amazing restaurant! The food is fantastic and totally authentic Armenian- would recommend the dip trio, kufteh, and lamb kabob. The owners are also wonderful and make you feel like you are in their home. The outside dining area is perfect for a nice summer day. A must try!I came here for dessert because a fellow Yelp Eliter and friend asked me to bring back a cheese baklava for him lol. If the one thing he wanted me to bring back from Philly was this dessert... I HAD to try it. 
The ambiance was great, small cozy and friendly (but I highly recommend a reservation because of the size of the place and it seems to be really popular!) 
The food was delicious I liked the cheese baklava and the cheese boreg. I'll be back to try the lamp kabobs every other table had!!
The service was also amazing (we even had someone come out to tell us how to reheat the cheese baklava we got to go so it would be just as delicious at home. Talk about great service!)Been here a ton of times, and have a soft spot in my heart for it, as it was one of the first really fantastic places that we came across upon moving to Philly. Since we live just a few blocks away, we became immediate patrons, visiting at least once a week.
It's BYOB, and they accept reservations, but you have to call to make one. My advice is to go ahead and do so, especially if you're planning to go at a peak time, as there are only a few tables.
My go to order is one the "plates". Usually the tasting with falafel, lamb kebab, and chicken schwarma. The plates are awesome, you get a ton of food (meat, rice, salad, a dip, a pita) for one low price. One of these is more than enough to fill up the average joe, fo' sho. 
I've tried most of the menu, and my favorite things are the lamb kebab, the falafel, the chicken schwarma from the mains/meats, the eggplant salad, and the babaganoush. Also, pro tip: ask for mujaddara instead of rice pilaf. It's way more delicious and unique IMO.
Since we've been so many times, there have been a few disappointments, no place can be perfect all the time. Most of these have been surrounding personnel changes that led to some issues with the service as well as the food. However, it's a fantastic little place, and we've had many more positive visits than negative. 
Over time we've discovered more of the awesome food Philly has to offer, and our visits to "the stone", as we call it, have become less and less frequent, but our fond memories and feelings for it live on!Totally random Saturday night, my friends and I wanted some Mediterranean food. We called Kanella but there was a 1.5 hour wait. So we called Apricotstone, and luckily they could seat us right away! I was so thankful! And what is even better, is apricotstone is BYOB! This was perfect, so we could save some money on booze and still have a nice dinner. And speaking of saving money, the prices are so affordable! Especially for this trendy Northern Liberties neighborhood, where I think things are a tad overpriced, apricotstone had very cheap prices for the massive portions of food you get! A huge plate of K-bobs with rice, and 2 sides was only $15. My friend had half her plate leftover for lunch the next day! 
The place was tiny small, but a lot of outside seating which was cute. The food was pretty good.  Wasn't the best middle eastern food I've had, which is why I give 4 instead of 5, but overall still very good. The grape leaves were different, brown inside (I guess they use brown rice?), but still tasted very good. The hummus was good, not amazing like Zahav, but still very good. The best tasting item we ate was actually the greek yogurt dip... WOW. That yogurt dip, was amazing. I wanted to dip everything in it, but problem was it was on my friends plate so I kept sticking my fork in her food!  The other dips are also really good. The baba ghanoush had a really smoky charcoal flavor to it, which my friends didn't like, but I loved it. The tzatziki was great, and so was the BEEF k-bobs. The beef was the most tender, better than both the chicken and the lamb. Get the Beef, it was the best, and I don't even like to eat beef! 
Overall, very good meal, for excellent prices. I'd go again.Recently started feeling more of a craving for Greek food, this place did not disappoint. Went there Friday night and didn't realize until halfway there that it was BYOB, but not to worry- there was a liquor store 5 minutes walk from the restaurant. The platters were tasty! Both and SO and I got the combo plater with the 3 meats. I had the beef, luleh, and lamb with the eggplant salsa and greek salad. All the meats were tasty but my favorite by far was the luleh. It wasn't as hard as the other 2 meats and was so flavorful! I would go back just to have the luleh. I also enjoyed both the eggplant salsa and greek salad. Portion size was just right, perfect place between full and omg I need to unbutton my jeans. I would definitely come back!We came here on a Wednesday for dinner. The place is BYOB serving Middle Eastern food. We orderd Trio dips, meat platter and armenian pizza. We found dips n chips ok. Rest everything was gr8.  Would recommend this place for some good lamb n beef dishes.Delicious food and a good atmosphere.  The night we went there were limited servers and the wait to get seated and fed was very long, but tasty once the food arrived.As a take order, this was well portioned and prepared. We purchased the chicken shawarma plate and the chicken kebab. For 2 people this was enough food for some leftovers the following day. The rice is absolutely amazing as is the tabbouleh salad. Will definitely be going back for future take out orders and to dine in since the restaurant has such a nice and cozy vibe!This place is absolutely amazing. Came here on a business trip looking for delicious Mediterranean food and this place did not disappoint. The hummus was creamy, falafel had just the perfect amount of spice, and the chicken shawarma was just amazing. We got a TON of food for an extremely reasonable price. Will definitely come here again next time I'm in Philly.Great food like everyone has said. I ordered the kebab platter which was great. The atmosphere is casual. Great for hanging with friends or a date.Best!!! Best mediterranean food I've had in a long time. I found this this place while I was in Philly for work. I went there Friday, Saturday, and Sunday before my flight, cause every bite was delicious. If you like Mediterranean food trust in this review, and go there. You're welcomeWhat a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. I ordered takeout for lunch from here today and got the kebab tasting platter with beef, lamb, chicken, hummus, and tabouleh. I'll preface my review by mentioning I take meat eating pretty seriously and when I cook at home I make sure to probe whatever I'm cooking to make sure nothing is overcooked. As soon as I walked in to pickup my order I noticed the chef in the back had something on the stove-top probed. This was a good sign. Sure enough when I got home and ate I was pleasantly surprised by the level of expertise used when cooking my kebab platter. All of the meats were superbly cooked. The beef, lamb, and chicken were all moist, tender, and deliciously seasoned with beautiful grill markings. The pilaf is also a very nice touch and was not bland at all. Hummus and Pita were delicious as well. I will definitely be eating here again in the near future. Thank you apricotstone!Just tried ApricotStone and wonder what took us so long. The food was delicious and fresh and the seasoning was perfect. I will def be eating here again soon.Amazing food...fantastic ambiance. Love it here! Congrats on your opening. We will back very soon!This place has some of the best middle eastern food around, and I've tried several. They're family owned and they're located in the strip of restaurants and stores in NoLib. They're very nice and helpful and down to earth. It's BYO; they'll help you with glasses and bottle openers. We chose a lager beer as accompaniment for the food, which was great. Others around us had wine which of course works too. 
We ordered so many appetizers and knew we wouldn't have room for the entrees. I'm sure their grilled entrees are good also, but here are the highlights of the appetizers: the spinach pies, the cheese pies, and the mujaddara (a lentil and caramelized onion dish). Also the dips are excellent. But you can't go wrong pretty much anywhere. Their desserts are fun too. 
The family is Armenian but the mother grew up in Aleppo, a Syrian city, so the food is mostly middle eastern but maybe with Armenian influences as well. It's way cooler than the pretentious supposedly middle eastern restaurants around town and way more affordable too. I first heard about this one on FYI Philly, the show on 6ABC. I'm glad I was watching that day!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. One of my favorites in Northern Liberties for sure. I usually get their kebab platter. You get to choose 3 meats, salad, dip, and pita bread. Their chicken shawarma, luleh, and beef kebabs with tabouleh salad and lebni dip is my favorite combo! Everything is flavorful and well cooked. The owner is always so friendly and helpful and the place is BYOB. Can't really go wrong here. Don't miss out on their delicious baklava!Great food. Excellent grilled meats, and their dips/salads are solid.  I'll be back.I went on Sunday for brunch. $20pp including dessert. I love middle eastern food so I was very excited to finally try a new place. I walked in, was immediately greeted and picked my own table to sit.  The place was clean and had a great atmosphere. The waiter didn't take much time to come over with menus showing the brunch selection along with some infused water. The waiter sat and explained the menu clearly and what each selection was.  Not long did my first course come out and I ordered the ful medames. It was very good. My next course was the grilled cheese and soujouk omelet with falafel salad. The grilled cheese was amazing. It was on pita bread. My fave. The salad was really fresh and the dressing was really good as well. For dessert, they gave me gatnabur which was also very tasty. I was so full by the end of my meal.  I would definitely recommend trying this place out and I will be going back for more.Late work nights and exhaustion led us to try Apricot Stone recently, as its literally across the street from our apartment. 
First impression upon walking in was warm and cozy. We opted to dine inside because it was boiling outside. The place is small so there's just a few tables, one server. Our server was attentive and pleasant, and we received our food quickly. 
We were both craving a chicken shawarma, so that's what we ordered (I know, so much variety at the table!) The only difference being I chose a Greek salad and he chose tabouleh instead. Everything was good, but I wasn't blown away. Not complaining, just not super impressed. Also, we asked for hot sauce and were given more of a basic hot sauce. We expected something more like a harissa sauce. 
All in all, I'm glad we tried this place. It's convenient to where we live and I can see us going again when we're craving shawarma and can't be bothered to travel far.So happy we have an authentic Mediterranean restaurant in the area now. To give this place a fair shot I tried everything they have over the last week, my favorite is the beef luleh but everything was fresh and juicy, portion sizes were very generous as well. From what I was able to gather from the owner everything is made fresh daily and you can taste it. I'm a plain eater but they have many sides for those who like different flavors with there meal. This is def an awesome addition to the neighborhood, thanks for opening up!Food here is amazing. Tastes very well. Personel is friendly. Would advice ppl to check it out.Came here for dinner this past Friday night with my husband and friends. It was my first time visiting Apricot Stone. The food was fantastic!! Everything is reasonably priced and portions are generous. I tried the chicken shawarma which was amazing- very flavorful and moist. The restaurant is BYOB. Our waiter was very helpful. We also met the owner who was kind and gave us some background about the menu. We sat outside since it was such a nice night. Will definitely return!Fantastic BYOB restaurant with friendly staff and delicious, fresh food. We were over an hour late for our reservation (due to bus delay coming from NYC to Philly), but the restaurant accommodated our change without any issue. As for the food, I highly recommend the falafel - so good we had to order a second plate.I had the Dolma and Eggplant Salad. I'm used to ordering these off the appetizer menu elsewhere and being sorely disappointed, but Apricot Stone is doing something right because I couldn't put the food down. 
The Dolma was moist and had a great zesty taste, but the real winner was the Eggplant Salad. I took a bite and then another, and pretty soon I was wondering if I should order some more. I'm definitely coming back for more, and to check out the rest of their menu very soon.Unbelievable food. The food is fresh, tasty and exotic. The service is friendly and the chef mingles with the crowd ensuring they are happy with their meal. Hands down best Mediterranean food in the city.This place is a hidden gem! It's kinda small inside but they also have outdoor seating.. It's also byob!
I ordered the mixed platter (you get pita bread, rice, choose 3 meats, a salad, and a dip). The food took a while to come out but it was worth it because the food was soooo seasoned and seasoned well.. Everything was perfect! Hummus was creamy, meat cooked properly, and the rice wasn't dry!
Fyi its so hard looking for parking around here.. it's literally around the corner from the Piazza, so try looking around before you give upLove this place! The food was absolutely amazing, everything tasted fresh and there were some unique options. Definitely recommend the eggplant salsa. The inside of the restaurant seemed very clean & was cute. Our server was so sweet and made great recommendations. Can't say anything bad about the place :)We loved this place. We went with very picky parents. We ordered more than half of the menu and enjoyed every bit of it. The lamb kebab sandwiches were excellent and falafel perfectly crisp outside and moist inside. They had run out of manti when we got there but we stayed almost to the close of the restaurant and the owner packed us manti to take home that they had just finished making for the next shift. We loved their thoughtfulness and needless to say, it was amazing. 
The place is small but cute, if you get outdoor seating that would make the whole experience even better.  It can get loud inside. Service can be slow if they have a full house but it is a family run business so what they may lack in efficiency they make up in affection. we will be back.We made an early Friday night reservation and we're probably the first ones seated. The small dining room was adorable. We ordered the cheese tart/pastry thing and the stuffed grape leaves, both of which were incredible (and I don't like stuffed grape leaves much, but they were recommended). The food was absolutely incredible and came out in minutes. 
Moving into entres, the chicken schwarma was incredible. The rice itself was just awesome along with the salads and dips I cant remember how to spell. Fantastic (whole wheat!) Pita. We brought home left overs. 
And, of course, when in Rome/Middle Eastern restaurants, we ordered the baklava and a cheese stuffed baklava dessert, along with Turkish coffee. All of these things were to die for and we left stuffed, though not in an awful way. The food was filling, but didn't make us feel sluggish or heavy. 
We were brought here with a coupon and will likely return many times without one. The value was incredible, along with quality and service. I can't recommend this place enough. Just as a side note, ill add that they're a BYOB which wasn't super clear on their website (or it was and i still missed it). I will be happily returning with a bottle in the near future.Great Mediterranean food! Would recommend to anyone. Order the Armenian coffee. You will not be disappointed!We ordered a wide variety of things and everything was delicious! Can't wait to go back.Stellar, authentic, delicious, fantastic, worth the visit.  Food is wonderfully prepared and served.  It is a comfortable, albeit small, cozy restaurant with the best Armenian food imaginable.  Cannot wait to return.They gave us great service- such friendly and professional people. I love the atmosphere; the restaurant was very clean, comfortable, and charming. The food is delicious, very authentic Armenian cuisine.I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review. But this place is to die for. I have eaten here more than a dozen times in the last two months and have never left disappointed. It's Armenian food that tastes like home! The muhamara, boreg, and lebni are my go to's during the week. And I will always make an excuse to come for their Sunday brunch! 
Even better that now that Spring has finally arrived, I can enjoy my meal with their outdoor seating! I can't wait to come back!!Stumbled upon this place in northern liberties, absolutely the best Mediterranean food in Philly! Must try the kibbeh kufteh & lamb kebab platters, but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Definitely adding to my regular places to order from.This is the closest you can get to Armenia, and I've been there. I would bathe in their hummus, and use their lebni to condition my hair. 
Upon walking in, I was greeted with the familiar smell of my grandparents house. Warm bread, marinating meats...lammies in the oven. Yes, please. Give it all to me. 
To say my palate was overwhelmed is an understatement. Luckily, I was there with about 15 of my Armenian cousins, so the chef offered us a tasting menu. Everything was incredible. The salads were fresh, the feta was authentic. 
Growing up, my favorite Armenian dish was cheese boreg. This tasted EXACTLY how my grandmother used to make it! The grape leaves were also phenomenal, they had that very specific homemade flavor that isn't overpowering with acidity. When our server placed pilaf on our table, my cousin exclaimed, "oh this looks legit." Clearly Armenians are particular about their food, even when it is something as simple as pilaf. 
Unfortunately, my taste buds have now been spoiled by all three kebob flavors. Clearly this means I'll have to order the kebob sample platter every time I visit. The lamb and lulu kebob were particularly fantastic, and everything was seasoned to absolute perfection. Naturally I used the lebni as a dip for my kebobs...my stomach is now growling.
So, I may be the only Armenian who never had a taste for baklava. Let me tell you, I've crossed over. This baklava was DELICIOUS and paired wonderfully with their Armenian coffee. Authentic Armenian coffee is a cure-all. Migraine? Coffee. Tired? Coffee. Any other ailment? Coffee. 
Tonight, my palate is screaming for lahmajun. 
Can I go here two days in a row?Cozy little spot that is decorated nicely.  Food was on the most part very good, service was fine but i had one major pet peeve.  My wife and I asked for water and received 2 bottles of water.  We asked if they had tap water and was told "We do but the cup is so small so it's basically like a gulp..."  I wish i would have just asked for the cup and her fill it up 50 times for me but we were put in a slightly uncomfortable position.  After getting the bill and seeing they charged us 2 bucks per bottle, when I know it costs them less than 20 cents each we felt very dissatisfied upon leaving.  This is very simple problem to fix, buy bigger cups.  I understand that you are trying to force us to pay for water then at least make it a more reasonable price for a bottle of poland springsKibbeh was identical to the ones I ate at Lebanese-Armenian restaurants back in the Middle East - very impressed. 5/5. Will definitely return!Amazing food and waitstaff. We arrived on a Friday night thank goodness we had made reservations because the place filled up quickly. we ordered dinner for two. The plates kept coming and I can't say which I liked more.  I cannot wait to return with a family member who also enjoys Armenian food made with careCame here for lunch on sat. We will definitely be back! Loved the flavors of this place. It's Armenian and maybe some Syrian food. My bf recently discovered muhammra which is a roasted red pepper dip with a consistency of hummus. This place was legit! The muhammra was good. The basic items like salad and grilled chicken were amazing. The owner's mom still cooks all the items which is why the food is so great !
By the way, I totally caved and ordered the baklava. It was simply delicious !!!! Not too sweet. Not sticky, etc. check this place out! It's relatively small so call ahead for a table!Food is ok but service continues to go downhill.  Last two times I was there they were increasingly rude, especially the guy who runs the kitchen and yells at and berates the poor girl who runs the front.  Now just tried to call for takeout and first they put me on hold for over ten minutes and then hung up on me, and when I called right back they rudely put me on hold again even though I tried to explain I had already been on hold for 10+ minutes.  I'm done, this place has permanently lost my business.Gem hidden restaurant in Philadelphia 
Super low key spot with outdoor seating on Liberties walk 
Ambiance: 10/10
Food: 10/10
Service: 10/10
This place is top notch in every way. I got the Beef/Lamb Kebab with Lebni, Rice, Greek salad and bread. All amazing. The Falafel appetizer is also a must. Definitely coming back!!!Great food, great service, and very reasonable prices!!  I would recommend the kebab tasting platter and the fattoush :)Apricot Stone has moved onto Liberties Walk in Northern Liberties.  This is an Armenian owned restaurant which cooks up the familiar dishes of the Levantine & Mediterranean.  It is an attractive space accompanied by friendly service and good food.  I had the Armenian lahmajoun which I enjoyed even though I didn't find it nearly as tasty or filling as some Turkish and Kurdish versions I've eaten before.  However, I did find the Anoush Abur desert to be excellent.  This is a wheat pudding with apricots, raisins, and almonds.  Usually it is served at Christmas in Armenia but fortunately you can eat it year round at Apricot Stone.  Most of the other dishes served here would be very familiar to patrons of Eastern Mediterranean cooking.  For me, I would really like to see them add more unique Armenian dishes to the menu.  Now that would be a reason to return!Stopped by with my daughter and had an excellent meal.. The hummus and dip trio were delicious and offerd 4 varied taste experiences...Then had kebabs and shawarma platters which did not disappoint...Coupled with BYOB and outdoor seating, the place is a great stop...This is a small, well-run, family eatery in new digs in Northern Liberties.  The decor is simple but elegant with lots of natural light and eclectic but simple furniture.  The staff is friendly, knowledgable about the menu and efficient with service.  The kitchen can be seen through a small look-through window and looks clean and modern.  I recently went with a group of retired folks [Ethnic Eating group of Friends in the City] and we had a fine meal that looked sumptuous, tasted great and did not bust our wallet.The food (and the prices) are perfect. Went with a large party. The food came quickly and everything was better than the next plate. There is outside seating which is much better than most restaurants as it's in between two buildings rather than on a sidewalk. The parking situation around NoLibs is tough so come a bit early.
Considering it's a BYO, I can't think of a better place in Philly to get your Mediterranean fix.After heating about this restaurant for over a year, i was finally in Philly and able to go. It did not disappoint. So delicious and charming. We sat outside and enjoyed the food and owner's company for hours. Everything on the menu is a winner! Can't wait to go back.Great dinner. Very accommodating when we increased our party from 4 to 6 at the last minute on a Saturday night. Food was great.Cute spot, small and 
loud. Terrific server. Nice menu. Real good dips. Muhamara, babaganoush and lentils. Spinakopita was good, the Armenian grilled cheese was really Flavorful, it had a little kick.  Jakukh was light in a good way. Chicken schwarma was excellent, perfectly seasoned. The rice was a compliment when often it's an afterthought. Moist but not mushy Eggplant and well charred beef skewers Rice pudding was perfect texture.Excellent service. Excellent pricing on great Greek food. Did not leave hungry and was completely satisfied with the experience. Will absolutely be returning.Was told that I had to try the cheese boreg and the cheese baklava. Tried both and I'm glad I did. I don't normally go for this type of food (love asain food mostly lol) but it was something different and I can't say I didn't enjoy it. The cheese boreg was my favorite the cheese was so soft and warm and melt in your mouth!Cute little place, good decor and very tasty food- the chicken shawarma was as flavorful as they come and their mezze platter was good - get the eggplant! The creamy baklava was a treat- I've not had this kind before and I loved it. Loved the fact that it's BYOB- a great restaurant for a good night out!A few months ago I was told to check out apricotstone, so a nice warm summer night brought me here. I was seated outside and the place was bustling. The staff/family were so welcoming. The food was great and I remember the portions are huge. I ordered the chicken kabob. There are so many side dishes that accompany your meal which is why the entire thing is so filling. Mediterranean cuisine is one of my favorites and everything tasted authentic at Apricot.Amazing little place!  The best falafel I've ever had. Pretty much the best Mediterranean food I've ever had!  I visit Philly often and will definitely be back.Cute, cozy, atmosphere, nice service and great for the price. Enjoyed the dips and the chicken shawarma as well as beef skewers though flavors were often slightly different than Middle Eastern cuisine such as Lebanese or Syrian. Grape leaves were on the sweet side but still tasty if you like grape leaves. Nice filo pastries as well. Falafel and tahini were the least favorite. Overall not the absolute best Middle Eastern food I have had but still enjoyable and hit the spot. Worth a visit.I have lived a few blocks away for seven months and I can't believe it took me this long to try apricotstone. From the kind service to the cozy atmosphere to the amazingly fresh and homemade food, it was a 5 star service. We got several dips, cheese boregs, the mujaddara (lentils and caramelized onions), the falafel and finished it off with baklava. It was all amazing but the boregs, mujaddara and baklava were my favorite. All very affordable too - make a reservation if you want a seat or just get the take out!Great hit with apricotstone once again! Friends of mine threw a baby shower for me! And they brought us some amazing kabobs and baklava! The baklava was phenomenal!! Thank you guys! We really enjoyed it!I have been hesitant to write this review since reading all the glowing reviews.  I will also say this place does try and is new,  but in the long run, trying won't keep them in business.   I went  today at lunch and I could over look the fact of waiting for a table, etc.  However, the server did not know nor understand the menu.  She was overwhelmed and poorly trained.  I did feel sorry for her.  There was a visible disconnect between the wait staff and the kitchen and that contributed to a chaotic and disorganized environment.  Again, there were efforts to mend this, but management must train the wait staff to know how to take orders correctly from the customer and communicate them to the kitchen staff.  The kitchen staff and wait staff MUST work in tandem or this place will go under.  Northern Liberties is an up and coming area that is highly competitive for restaurants.  Mediocrity will not sustain a business.    I have seen places come and go quickly.  For the most part, the food is good, but I swear one of the pieces of chicken did not taste like chicken.   An important issue for this particular restaurant is they are charging much higher prices than their competitors.    And, their prices do not match quite in quality and especially in service. If they are going to charge higher prices than their competition, the quality and service must match.   I for one will not go back.  But, if management doesn't want to be another business going under, they must train the wait to staff to be able to understand the difference between a kabob and a sandwich.  And, the kitchen and wait staff has to greatly improve their communication skills.  I hope management takes heed with my suggestions.  I wish them to get better and good luck for the future.So this restaurant is a rip off! First of all the service was terrible. The waitress failed to inform us about the portion sizes. We ordered dinner for 2 which cost 55 dollars and they brought us 1 spanakopita and 1 cheese boreg. So I would have to split each thing in two? Shouldn't there be two of each? Desert for two was a disgrace also as they brought only one baklava again with assumption that we can split. Forget about it! That's not how we eat in Armenia. Portion sizes were small and overall quality of cooking was not impressive. Meet was not done. It wasn't even marinated. No salt no spices. I was looking forward to eating at authentic Armenian restaurant but instead ended up eating in the mediocre Mediterranean joint that serves a spoonful of Israeli salad as a side. Step up up your game or you won't last long in this business bc right around the corner is Dimitri's which actually serves good quality Mediterranean/Greek food!This place is incredible! I always try to get my boyfriend to indulge in middle eastern food, and he finally decided to try it out. Ever since I got home from a trip to Israel, I have been on the lookout for good middle eastern restaurants and am so glad I found this gem. The quaintness of the restaurant really drew me in and the tasting plates were perfect for us, especially because my boyfriend has never tried any of this kind of food before. I wanted him to be able to try as much as possible and with the fantastic prices we were able to do that. The food was absolutely phenomenal and we will definitely be back!!Excellent food and great service.  They have catered family events for me and we held an anniversary party at their restaurant.  Whether its dinner there, catering here or a full party we have always had an excellent experience. I grew up on this food and they make some dishes are better than my grandmother and mother.  It's a small restaurant, very intimate.  Parking is difficult so Uber if you can.  They do help with parking when they can.  Best yalanchi I've ever had at a restaurant, its homemade and it shows. Dinner there is as close as you can get to being at grandma's kitchen table.Really flavourful food! The space is super cute and everyone was really friendly. The falafel was perfect!xMy husband brought home takeout from here the other night, and I have to say I was rather pleasantly surprised. We got the chicken and filet kebabs, which came with grilled peppers and onions, rice pilaf, and a choice of dip (babaganoush) side (salad with tasty feta). The steak was cooked perfectly, and was well seasoned. The pilaf was a little bit on the bland side, but everything else was amazing. I would definitely go back to this place!Some of the best Mediterranean food in the area!  My friends family is from Syria and they took me here for some authentic cuisine.  They said they enjoy it more than Zahav which is much pricier & hard to get into.  I loved our dinner so much.  All the food was authentic and fresh.   We had a feast of everything and it was delicious.  Wish I could go every week!Yummy and pleasant. Their Israeli salad is phenomenal and they get their lahmahjun from a talented and delicious local supplier. The lamb pita is delicious and the service is good. Be sure to treat your tastebuds to the delight of Apricot Stone!I was looking forward to the experience as I just returned from Armenia a week ago and experienced kindness and hospitality over there. I made a reservation, confirmed the next day but when we arrived we were told that the only table available was outside in the 100 degree weather. They didn't even cared to apologize. So we left with a very bad taste. Bad, bad, bad customer serviceWonderful addition to the neighborhood!!  Great for take out!! Everything we have tried has been excellent. The place is run by very nice people, we will be going here often.
Wonderful homemade baklava, babaganoush, falalfel, etc. Everything is wonderful.My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and overall experience at Apricot Stone! 
I particularly liked the cozy, intimate atmosphere, warm service, and most importantly - delicious and authentic food! We both sampled a variety of salads and dips, all uniquely flavorful and satisfying. My favorites were the muhamara (roasted red pepper and walnut dip), imam bayaldi (baked eggplant, tomato, and onion dip) and muhaddara (lentil dish with sweet, caramelized onions). We also ordered kebab plates (lamb for me; mixed platter for him) which were juicy and complemented by the assortment of dips and salads! I wish they would incorporate at least one or two fish options on the menu for those who don't eat red meat/pork/poultry, but given the variety of vegetarian and vegan dishes, this was easy to dismiss! The Armenian (well, I think it was Armenian? ) music was also a nice touch. For the amount and quality of food, our dinner was also very affordable. We both left full and happy and excited to return and explore the rest of the menu!
I will say that parking took a while so plan ahead! (street parking only, and that part of the city is so crowded!).I've dined at apricotstone for dinner and brunch and both have been fantastic experiences! For dinner, I usually order the luleh kebab (great as a sandwich or platter, btw) with babaganoush and fatoush salad and my husband orders the beef kebab with hummus and greek salad. Everything was prepared/cooked to perfection and full of flavor.  
What I really want to highlight is the brunch. It's a chef's tasting menu at $20 per person and absolutely worth it! You choose one item from each of the four categories (warm, salad, egg, bread). Between the two of us, my husband and I were able to try just about everything on the menu.  Under the warm category, I always have a hard time choosing between the ful (savory, bean dish) and mamounia (sweet, cream of wheat dish) because they are two of my favorite breakfast dishes. I recommend giving both a try!   
...and the restaurant is family friendly.  They offer high chairs and booster seats.  My 10 month old son thoroughly enjoys the babaganoush, hummus and mamounia. The muhamara is awesome too, but he'll just have to wait a little bit more until we can introduce it to him since it's a little spicy! :)Very good food but the waitress mistook our orders and overcharged ya. She even argued with us for almost 5 minutes about how she was right.I LOVE this restaurant. My family lives in LA, so I get to have mom and grandma's cooking a few times a year. Their Armenian food is very authentic, just like what I grew up with. Along with exceptional food, they also have great service. We went in for harissa last night....so delicious.From Beginning to End..Positive Experience 100%...Warm Owners and Staff..From Taking our reservation to helping us find parking to the perfect ambiance they provided with outdoor seating and warming lamps, we felt like family! The menu items we had were a trio of dips, classic hummus, eggplant and cucumber yogurt with basket of pita chips! Flavor on point for everything! Other appetizers included Spinach Boreg, Grape Leaves and Lamajun..Score again! And the Chicken shawarma entree was so tender with perfectly silky rice pilaf and sauce to drizzle and Israeli salad...Dinner wasn't complete without Some sweets of Baklava with ground walnuts and Shredded Phyllo dough with sweet ricotta cheese baked to a golden crisp with simple syrup on top and bottom!! My mouth is watering thinking about every morsel!! Can't wait to go back!! It is BYOB as well. Ara and Ani were Superb to us! The Chef is a genius! 6 stars if possibleThe food is amazing! I had the chicken shawrama which is delicious and the hummus..OMG! Overall I highly recommend this place.Mediterranean food can very easily be average. After reading reviews, I thought I would be getting food that was miles better than average. I ordered the chicken schawarma platter with hummus and the greek salad. The best part of the meal was the hummus, which was incredibly creamy with great flavor. While the food tasted good, I felt as though the quality of the meal was below what I would expect for the price point of the food. Even though the cost of my meal was in line with the prices of nearby mediterranean places, I felt as though the food was slightly overpriced. All in all, a good meal, but nothing incredibly special.They accommodated a big group of us and were so helpful! Food was delicious and service was great.My fiance and I have lived in Northern Liberties for a little over year, but have not tried Apricot Stone until tonight. We would always see the restaurant at its capacity every time we walked by. Finally, we decided to give it a try, mainly on a whim, and we both agree that we will definitely be back. 
We decided to get the "dinner for two" option, which includes enough to feed three for reasonable price of 55 dollars total (pre-tip). The baba ghanoush, muhamara, jajukh, and filet kebabs were so delicious. the meat was cooked perfectly and was tender and juicy while still maintaining that grilled smoky flavor and texture. 
In our humble opinion, a lot of their dishes are on par with Suraya (which is also phenomenal and lives up to the hype). However, for the price, and the quality service, this restaurant definitely deserves a lot more attention. 10/10 would recommend.Excellent family owned BYOB restaurant. The food was delicious and affordable - we did the $55/couple multi-course option. Lots of food! We had leftovers for lunch the next day.Delicious, authentic food. Presentation is wonderful and taste just as good. Cozy, great service and diverse menu with lots to choose from. Must try!Characteristic of its location, the emphasis is more on decor and ambience than food quality. The eggplant salad, hummus, and muhamara were all very good but I've had better. The chicken in the chicken shawarma pita was dry and mostly flavorless. The pita bread itself was 
 dry, as was the whole sandwich itself.  
Philly has much better options for similar cuisine. If you care about service and ambience, go to Marrakesh, an indulgent Moroccan place in Queen Village.  If you want something more casual, go to Manakeesh, a Lebanese place in West Philly.
By the way-- Google Maps gives incorrect directions both for car and bike.  Four of us in our party of five each got lost trying to find the place.Amazing Armenian cuisine. And I would know I am an armo myself. 5 and a half stars. 
Went here for my birthday and they offered to do family style and let us choose our price point. We asked to pay $25-30 per person and we had more than enough food. The hummus, baba ganoush, boreg and Lahmajoun were particularly phenomenal but everything was fantastic. I hope that this place becomes a fixture in northern liberties because it had amazing food with a great atmosphere and friendly staff.This is a small restaurant in a nice neighborhood. I would not come here unless you have a reservation. There is indoor and outdoor seating. However the indoor seating is only about 6 tables. My friend and I showed up at 8:30 on Saturday without a reservation. We were seated after about 10 minutes. The food was AMAZING but the service and atmosphere was lacking. The manager was very attentive, however the servers were not. We noticed that tables seated after us were served first. From the time we ordered it took 40 minutes for us to get our food. The restaurant is a very tight fit. I would return here again as the food was very good and a large portion for a good price. However the next time I return I will make a reservation and ask to sit outside.Hey Everyone,
I'd really like to give this place 5, but I'm giving it only 4 stars because it took forever to get our food and we had 3 kids under 14 with us. It took almost an hour to get fed. The waitresses seemed harried and  explained that the kitchen served an 8 person table and got backed up. 
Other than that, the space is warm and inviting and the food was fucking awesome and with large portions. OMG we filled our bellies with delicious, flavorful food and left happy. The waitress comped me a desert and gave us some dips about 40 into the wait. 
Highly recommend this place and I'll be back when I'm back in Philly
Signed,
A New YorkerGreat Armenian (just don't call it Turkish!) fare.
I can't say that there is much difference between Armenian and Turkish food -- the hummus, baba ganoush, kebab, etc. are largely equivalent to Turkish equivalents. 
It's a family run establishment and they are extremely friendly and welcoming. The prices are fair and the quality is extremely high. We had the 'mixed plate' which let you pick from 3 of the kebab choices so we got the chicken, lamb and filet (beef) and all 3 were super tender, seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection. Sometimes the cuts used for kebab are lower grade but not at Apricot Stone -- great quality meats. We also had the falafal platter in our group and those were also great. 
They don't have a liquor license so bring your own bottle of wine and they'll gladly give you glasses and a corkscrew to open it. 
Parking is a challenge -- it's street parking only and lots of permit-only parking in the area so read the signs carefully.I'm very critical of Armenian food when I dine out because I'm Armenian, but this place was incredible!! I visited the restaurant with my mom and aunt and they both agreed with me!
The service, ambiance, and food were all amazing. I really enjoyed the cozy, family feel of the restaurant, and after talking to Ara, the owner, learned that his mother and him prepare the food together every morning. 
We had the babaghanoush, muhamara, and eggplant salad as appetizers; the plate with falafel, chicken shawerma, luleh kebab, greek salad, and lebni as an entree; and baklava with cheese for dessert. Everything was divine!
Highly highly highly recommend!One of my favorite places in Northern Liberties. What I like about this place is on a nice night you can sit in the middle of Liberties Walk. I always make sure to order the sampler of dips and try to order as much of their Hummus as possible. The best entree I had here was their Lamb Chop which was cooked to a perfect medium rare and seasoned magnificently.Absolutely amazing food!! Definitely recommend the "dinner for two"...so much food for great price and I love that it's byob! Most authentic food I've had in years!Excellent food! We ordered hummus, grape leaves, Greek salad, chicken shwarma, and lamb kebab - all delicious. Also can't beat that it's a BYOB. Happy to have this in Northern Liberties!Lentils, grape leaves, falafel platter, spanakopita, lentil soup, and kabobs...YUM! Apricotstone, the tiny BYOB in a Northern Liberties is worthy of all the hype. It's absolutely delicious, completely authentic, family-owned and run, priced fair, and your meal comes with excellent service.
Our first visit was on a chilly night and the cozy place was just perfect. The food was so tasty. Each dish I mentioned above was more flavorful than the next. The falafel was a perfect consistency and accompanied appropriately. Even simple lentils were great. The grape leaves and spanakopita were some of the best I've ever had. The owner's son who was our kind, informative and attentive waiter told me they would be the best I've had and he wasn't wrong! 
We were all thrilled with our meals and will be returning. If you're a fan of Middle Eastern cuisine, a visit here is a must!
They also hosts Sunday brunch and have tables outside in warmer weather. 
*Not suitable for large parties.
*Dont forget those bottles!Food and service are super excellent. I have been going to this restaurant for three years and never had a bad experience. 
I highly recommend this place for middle eastern food lovers.This is my favorite restaurant hands down. The food reminds me of the food I grew up with, and it is so good! Go here! I want them to stay open forever!Fresh and flavorful! I've been going to other Mediterranean places in Philly and it was always bland.. This place is exceptional! I was kinda hesitant of going here, because people will say its good etc, but it isnt when you go. Boy was I wrong! I bought the chicken shawarma platter and it was delicious!I was quite excited to read that the chef of this new "Mediterranean" place hailed from Aleppo, a place synonymous with fabulous Syrian cooking (and now, sadly destroyed by the terrible civil war).  A recent luncheon, however, brought food that did not distinguish itself from any run-of-the-mill Middle Eastern place in Philly.
A trio of cold appetizers - babaganoush, lebni, and tzatziki - were quite standard, the smoky babanaoush being the stand out.  There seems to be a bit of garlic-phobia in the kitchen here because the two other dishes, especially the lebni, simply tasted like plain yogurt without the exciting bite of fresh garlic.  The Iman Bayaldi would have been quite a good dish had the kitchen not taken "cold" appetizers too literally: the dish was ice cold, just out of the refrigerator, the flavors thus greatly muted.  These dishes were accompanied with crisp shards of pita bread many splintered into minuscule pieces - far from ideal accompaniments.
Finally, the mixed grill brought small, over grilled pieces of lamb and beef whose assertive rub made them taste almost identical.  The tough, dry pieces of chicken were unable to help this plate out (the soft, buttery rice was ok).
There are no drinks traditionally served with this food, such as Ayran or Kefir, we then asked for water, two small water bottles were brought to the table ($2).  There are also bottled soft drinks.I'm sad because I wanted to love this place, but it's not as celiac friendly as I'd hoped. For a gluten free menu, they give you a regular menu with things crossed out. A decent amount of the menu was crossed out, but I was excited to see that I had plenty of "plate" options. 
I ordered a chicken shwarma plate, which was supposed to come with rice, a salad, a dip, and pita. Obviously I knew they'd be skipping my pita (though I did ask them to give my pita to my boyfriend and they didn't), but the platter also came out without rice. This was super disappointing, as rice is such a staple in a meal like this. 1.) How do you not have plain rice? If the rice pilaf contains gluten, just keep plain rice on hand to swap in 2.) They should have made it clear my platter wouldn't be coming with rice. 3.) If my platter is missing both rice and pita and I'm paying full price, I'd appreciate it if you tossed on some extra salad or dip. Nope, my meal was just a smaller version of my boyfriend's.
The waitresses were nice and the food was good, but I can't stand leaving a semi-expensive meal hungry, so I won't be back. Celiac friends--this probably isn't your spot until they decide to make the tweaks that would make this restaurant ACTUALLY GF friendly.What a great experience from start to finish. All the dishes we ordered were delicious. Standouts were the lamb and chicken kebabs, both were flavorful and tender. Prices are reasonable and it's a byob. Best Middle Eastern in the area. Will definitely be back!Really, really good falafel. BYOB... felt a little crowded inside because the outdoor seating was limited due to a thunderstorm. But great for small parties.Perfect ambience for your date night.  Better than Suraya and prices definitely lower.  The food was just ok, the next time my partner and I wanted Syrian and Armenian or Turkish food I just made it at home and it was a lot better.  In particular the muhammara was just not up to my standards- I like it a lot smoother, with more vibrant of both red pepper and pomegranate molasses (this was in the style but too bland for me.  I add urfa biber too to get closer to the Aleppo pepper it should have/maybe didn't?).  Authentic- yes, but not the best I've had by any stretch (tho I'm comparing it to food I've eaten across the pond- note, I'm just a rando European mutt by ancestry).  We will go again tho I'm sure.Wow! Amazing Food. Cooked perfectly & seasoned even better. The Kebab blew me away. I'd highly recommend stopping here whenever in the Philly area. I'd drive down from CT just for the kebab!! Enjoy.I have had Apricot Stone bookmarked since they opened six months ago. We tried to get over there a couple of times but we never quite made it. Recent reviews by Yelp friends Sari A, and Nando F. made me finally get the wheels in motion.
We went to Apricot Stone on a hot, humid and intermittent rainy Sunday. I was able to find parking about 2 blocks away and it is always a good omen when I nail the parallel parking in a tight spot on one shot. Usually that takes several attempts and can be embarrassing. The restaurant itself is smaller then I imagined. There is at most seating for twenty inside. There is outdoor seating available also but not on this day because of the rain. The interior is simple, bright and clean and has framed photographs on the wall.
This review is only for brunch as that is all Apricot Stone offers on Sunday. The brunch is $20.00 prix fixed and includes 5 courses and also included coffee and orange juice. The food we had was excellent, it all was extremely fresh and made to order. Basically the five courses included a warm dish, a bread, an egg dish, a green or salad and dessert. I chose the Mamounia, which was similar to a sweet oatmeal but 1000 times more delicious. Then came Zakhatr bread and Falafel salad. Both of these dishes were a good size and had excellent flavors. My egg dish was Khachapuri a dish of homemade dough, cheeses and egg. This was also really, really good and I would reorder again and again. For dessert they gave us an excellent Baklava, a macaroon and another pastry. These were all pretty special.
Service was very attentive and we felt relaxed. On this day there was only one server, but he did a great job and did his best taking care of off of Apricot Stone's customers. Apricot Stone is BYOB and there were some tables having Mimosas and such. We did not partake in alcohol and I was very glad as I could barely move after so much food. If I had a few mimosas, I would need to find a bench nearby to take a quick nap. As it was, we walked around Northern Libs a bit before we felt we were ready to get back in the car
Apricot Stone lived up to the hype and I will be back soon to try the dinner menu.
5 Yelp stars!AMAZING!!! My new favorite restaurant by far!  Everything looked and tasted so fresh.  Tabouleh was just like my friend's Lebanese grandmother used to make.  Husband and I love the tender kebabs, hummus, mujaddara, and muhamara.  Service is great and the ambience was very relaxing.  Highly recommend this place!Told the server I was gluten and dairy free. My platter was served with a giant pita on top....I took the pita off my plate...and proceeded to eat the rice, only to find half way through my plate, that there were tiny wheat noodles in the rice...the waiter apologized and said that he "forgot" that the rice had noodles.....if you have allergies, do not eat here!!!The food is good. But not satisfied with the dinning experience. The food served very slow and there're a couple miscommunications with the server. We had the wrong food ordered and she said she's gonna corrected but didn't. Also ended up with a bill for the wrong food. Then the server insisted she didn't make any mistakes and the food on the bill was what we ordered. Miscommunication happens, but blaming on customers without recognizing their responsibility is very unreasonable.This place was so good! Very inexpensive menu for quality food. Make a reservation to sit outside! The menu was amazing with different sampler options so you can taste many different things on their menu. I really want to rate this place better but the main reasons I can't give this place five stars is that their falafels were disappointingly dry, and for the filet we were never asked how we wanted it cooked, it came out super rare and was bright red throughout. Lastly the service wasn't phenomenal. Definitely would like to give this place another shot eventually though.I love this restaurant. It's one of the best BYOBs in Philly. The wait staff is really friendly and the ambience is intimate and small. It's a tiny little place so you usually need a reservation. I love the lamb kebab platter. All of the dips are wonderful, especially the hummus and baba ghanoush! Would recommend without a doubt!Went here yesterday for brunch. The place was easy to find and in a great location. The restaurant spill out to the sidewalk and there is no car or trash to look at on the mall setting! The menu was a prix fixe and the food was all delicious, interesting, and came to us quickly. 
The first brunch entree was a fava bean soup/vegetarian goulash that was flavorful and hearty, then we ordered the tomato omelette with fresh tomatos and herbs. This also cam with a pita bread with Za'atar (a Middle Easter spice combo) and a salad. Then, for a finale I ordered the baklava and it was fresh, tasted house made and was just the perfect mix of sweet and nutty. 
I can not recommend this place enough and really look forward to try their dinner service soon! The dinner menu looks great!Another great meal. Enjoying outdoor dining. Excellent appetizers especially eggplant dish imam badli and falafel ballsI've been there four times now and ordered different things every time - have yet to be disappointed.  The meat is perfectly cooked, everything is full of flavor, and the atmosphere is great.  The Sunday brunch in particular is awesome - not your conventional breakfast food but very very good.
I'm pretty sure there's no way to go wrong with this place, but it's going to take a lot more delicious experiments before I can tell you that for sure.I was traveling to philly from NYC and I'm so grateful that I went here for dinner. The food was soooo amazing and they had a great price for the dinner combo. I would totally recommend!!!Came all the way from Washington D.C. to eat here. We were very impressed, they exceeded my expectations! Everything was amazing... from the food to the service. Great place to get authentic Mediterranean food. (Highly recommend the falafel, cheese boreg, and chicken shawarma).Amazing food, service, and atmosphere. The portions are generous so there's a good chance you'll have lunch the next day too! Make sure you save space for some baklava...I'm not usually a dessert person but once you try it you'll order it every time (trust me, you'll be back for at least a second visit!).  This place is Northern Liberties hidden treasure!In the constant search for that "perfect dish" with the freshest ingredients being used, it has been a challenge well worth experiencing. Exploring almost all of Philadelphia, this beautiful city, along with the outskirts for that one perfect Mediterranean/Middle Eastern dish has been an adventure. Mind you this hasn't been easy , some have also been costly in our expedition. With the establishments I (we) have been to in and around the city, our taste buds have experienced the great, down to the sub par. 
This has all come to fruition my friends with Apricot Stone being in Northern Liberties. I want to thank Sari, my partner in crime in joining me on this savory journey. 
Apricot Stone is literally a "hidden gem" located in Northern Liberties of all places. Not that I have anything against No. Libs. mind you. We came here one night for dinner and we immediately knew we had to come back .  
If you decide to come here for dinner you will be amazed, or if you decide on brunch you'll be overwhelmed by it. It is pretty safe to say you'd be in an euphoric bliss in which ever route you decide on.  Enough of the explaining, let me show you what I enjoyed with dinner along with brunch.  I also want to point out their hummus is the best I have ever tasted, Zahav is a close second in my opinion.  
Dinner: 
Kebab Tasting plate~ I highly recommend if you were to go for dinner. This is where you choose 3 items along with a dip to enjoy and a salad. The dish I had prepared consisted of : Chicken shawarma, falafel, lamb kebab were my main. My dip and salad were an eggplant salsa to go with an Israeli salad that which consisted of tomatoes and cucumbers in a homemade dressing. This is not a small plate by the way, our dishes were over flowing, with a ridiculous cost of $15.00. No that is not a typo, for $15 dollars you'll be enjoying an amazing dinner. 
Now onto Sunday brunch where we  could hardly contain ourselves, knowing what is ahead of us.  Sunday Funday  is upon us, and why not share our enjoyment with another Yelper that we all know and love with Mariella S. Pop that bottle, bring on the mimosas because this will definitely put you at full tilt. My brunch, which was another over flowing dish by the way. This is also a considered a "Chefs tasting menu" for a whopping $20.00 dollars. Shhhh I know, now please read on. 
*Mamounia~ This is a very sweet dish that is a cream of wheat, made with pistachio with their homemade cheese. A little too sweet for me, but still very good. 
*Zakhtar bread~ This is a flatbread that has been covered with their herbs and spices that has a crunchy flavorful taste to it .   
*Khachapri~ This is a dish that is bad ass, that needs to be ordered. It is their own homemade dough shaped like a boat stuffed with cheese that has been baked with an egg sunny side up over top. Bruh.. UHHH-maz-ING, this is what I consider winning all day.
*Falafel salad~ One larger than life falafel over a bed of lettuce mixed with cucumbers and tomatoes. 
*Apricot Crumb Cake~ Like we could eat any more , they push it to the limit with this. An apricot jam filled crumb cake that will have you screaming obscenities, that's how good it is.  
The space may not be big, but what they do is utilize the space they do have. Almost to the point where it would feel like you are sitting at home.  A  comforting atmosphere with also outside seating if you would like to dine alfresco. 
I also want to thank Susan G.(former Yelper) for pointing me in the direction of  this phenomenal restaurant.  Everyone should find the time , and simply take in one of or better yet all of their amazing dishes. I still want to try their well known Baklava with walnuts , the last 2 times I (we) have been in there, they have been sold out.  
I plan on coming back to this gem of all gems, so get ready Mrs. Fimy. Also if you could put aside a piece of the baklava I would greatly appreciate it, I'll even call ahead of time.My boyfriend and I just got back from Apricot Stone and everything was amazing! Best meal we have had this year. We went on a Tuesday night and made a reservation on OpenTable. The place was pretty much full the entire time because there are less than 10 tables in the restaurant. 
We ordered the baba ganoush and spanakopita to start and both were amazing. The spanakopita is a bit small to share but we were getting plenty of other food. For our meals, we both got the sampler platters. I ordered chicken shawarma, lamb kebab and the luleh kebab (ground beef) and my boyfriend got the shawarma, lamb kebab, and falafel. I also had the mahamara dip and imam bayaldi (eggplant dish) as sides and my boyfriend got the lebni and tabouleh. Everything was phenomenal! The luleh kebab and the lamb kebab were my personal favorite, and in the future I would probably get a fresher salad instead of the imam bayaldi. Not that it wasn't excellent, but the dish needed a fresh cooling side like tomato and cucumber. We were stuffed so no dessert. Love this place and that it is byob and can't wait to come back!Great hidden gem in Northern Liberties. We had a reservation and couldn't wait to try it out. Byob so make sure to bring some wine; my friends and I tried a mix of different things from the menu and we were so happy with everything. Loved the food and will definitely come back!I was looking for a new place to get takeout, and based on all of the previous reviews I decided to give it a try. I am soooo picky about food and my falafel platter did not disappoint! I ordered tabbouleh and hummus with the platter and both are amazing. The falafel are crispy and flavorful. The rice pilaf is good too. Definitely recommend even for delivery!!! 
Now I am excited to visit next time in person!Apricot Stone was wonderful! A nice, clean place that had some of the best mediterranean food me and my wife have ever had. Would defiantly recommend to anyone looking for great food at a great price !I am Turkish. First, I would like to thank the Armenian owners for the warm welcome. They certainly and rightfully could have done otherwise. 
The food is great. Everything tastes authentic and each dish packs the right amount of skilled labor. 
The atmosphere is calming. The lighting especially gives off that upscale European feel. If you grab a bottle of wine to take with you, you will feel like you've had a special night out.Unfortunately I have no photos of my dishes because I dug in right away. I came here with my family to celebrate some birthdays on a Friday night. Even with reservations, we ended up having to wait about 45 minutes to be seated. Unfortunately it was raining outside and the people at our table did not want to leave. Still, the hostess was very apologetic and polite, and it was pretty crowded and busy that night. Although we had to wait to be seated and for our food to come out, it was definitely worth it. We ordered some spanakopita and stuffed grape leaves for the table to share, and honestly you could make a whole meal out of those. The spanakopita were so flakey, buttery, and flavorful, and the grape leaves were some of the best I have ever had when dining out. For my entree, I ordered the lamb kebab plate with rice, fattoush, and hummus. The meat was tender and well seasoned, and the portion sizes were large enough for me to take home leftovers for the next day. 
The inside is small and can get loud. They do have an added patio for outdoor seating, which is covered with heating when it's cold out. Just a heads up, it is a BYOB restaurant. If we didn't have cake waiting for us at home, we would have tried the desserts, too, which looked delectable! If you're looking for authentic Middle Eastern cuisine, then this place is definitely for you.Hidden gem. I really enjoyed the food here. We got a cheese appetizer, chicken kabob with roasted eggplants and hummus, beef kabob with a tomatoes salad and something else. I can not remember what it was. All of this came with rice and noodles. Everything was exceptionally good. Our dessert was some kind of warm cheese baklava. Freaking to die for. Crispy, soft, warm and slightly sweet all at the same time. 
Parking is metered. This place was harder to find since it was towards the back of all these other restaurants. All similar suite numbers which makes you feel almost lost. But we'll worth walking around looking for this restaurant.It saddens me to write this review. I brought my friends to dine here last night because I had tried their food before and loved it. However, last night we had a horrible experience when one of the restaurant staff decided to throw us out because he needed the table for customers who had a reservation. We had not finished our meal and my wine glass was full. We complained and the whole thing turned into an argument. He aggressively crumpled the bill and threw a to-go container on the table. We left. Never again!My partner took me to dinner here and we both overall enjoyed our dinner! There were a lot of classic Mediterranean faves (hummus of course, with pita bread, baba ganoush,  grape leaves, etc.) and a few other things that seemed to be a spin on the classics? (The "Greek potatoes" and "grilled cheese").
Let's first talk about value: we really got our bang for our buck.  We did the mezze tasting menu and were stuffed to the absolute brim - it was only $50 total for us two, and we got a trio of dips (which we could pick ourselves), grape leaves, cheese boreg, spanakopita, falafel, kibbeh kufteh (spiced meat patties), and the aforementioned grilled cheese and greek potatoes.  It definitely was a great value and gave us a good sampling of what the restaurant had to offer.
Now for the actual dishes - I really, really loved their grape leaves. They were on the savory side more than the citrus-y side that I've had at other restaurants, and it was delicious.  The dips were all incredible (we got hummus and baba ganoush and lebni, which is a tart yogurt-like dip) and they were served with these incredibly light and crispy pita chips which for sure tasted homemade.  The falafel and kibbeh were also great. What really threw us for a loop were the "Greek potatoes" (French fries, really. Didn't even bother to take a picture, they were just french fries) and the "grilled cheese" (melted cheese in between pita bread).  The grilled cheese was really greasy and a bit of a mess, and the fries were just sort of average? We didn't really bother finishing much of either of the two, and for sure they were the weakest links in the whole tasting menu, but overall we did love everything else we had. 
The interior is super cute, with lots of adorable lights and greenery to set a mood for a date night or just a nice little dinner. Not a whole lot of seating, but when we popped in on a Friday night it wasn't too crowded and we got seated right away.  There's also outdoor seating.  I would put Apricot Stone on the list if you're craving Mediterranean but would veer away from the non-traditional items.Our trip to apricotstone last week felt last minute, kind of thrown together. We were stressed and not really in the mindset to even think about the dining experience.
But the wait staff and chefs turned our night around with their great service and incredible food.
We tried the 3 dip platter with eggplant salad, roasted red pepper dip and hummus, with some crisp pita chips on the side. The eggplant salad was so good, we got another bowl of it, just to eat with a fork!
I had the Greek salad with chicken for dinner, and my dining companions tried some of the platters, complete with pita, hummus, salad and plenty of meat! I also got a kabob of lamb on the side - well worth the $11 price tag, the lamb was flavorful and tender, and I absolutely loved the sizzling peppers and onions between the meat. Our vegetarian friend got stuffed grape leaves and a Greek salad sans meat, and she was super happy with her meal as well!
We also tried dessert....the rice pudding with rosewater was refreshing, yet still felt like comfort food. The other dessert we tried may have been the baklava with cheese, or may have been a special - either way, it was sweet, creamy, crisp and honey-drenched and I loved it.
The servers were all super attentive and kind and literally did not stop bringing us fresh, cold bottles of water to pour around the table every time we were running low. 
We ended up staying for almost two hours, as the pace of the meal was relaxing and we had finally chilled out enough to enjoy the food and each other's company. Would be back, a thousand times yes. Try it!Amazing atmosphere and great food are on the menu! Apricot Stone is awesome! Service is fabulous and prices are very reasonable! A gem!Food was amazing.  Hummus was unreal and lamb was so tender and well flavored.  Love that it is BYOB.
Service was slow. And I could have used more chips with Hummus.We dined at Apricot Stone few weeks ago. We had a great dining experience with excellent service and delicious food. The staff was friendly and the place was very clean with a cozy atmosphere. The friendly host approached and welcomed us as soon as we walked in.  We both ordered 2 different combo Shish kebob platters each having three different types of top quality cut meats. I highly recommend Apricot Stone. We loved it. I will come here again with my family and friends.Staff was extremely friendly and food was delicious!
The place is tiny so just be wary if you coming with a group or during peak hours
We did a family style of ordering lots of stuff and sharing. The best thing we got by far was the kebab  sampler entree. Like this kebab was tender and so flavorful.I honestly thought I already wrote a review (I hadn't), so it's a bit dated but accurate nevertheless. I am ethnically Armenian, and I brought my friend here a couple of months ago because she wanted to sample some Armenian plates. 
The food is amazing, and tastes like my family's Armenian cooking. You can tell that everything is made with love. Some authentic Armenian must-haves include the lahmajun, jajukh, boureg, and dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). You can taste the Lebanese/Syrian influences in muhamara and kibbeh kufteh. 
Whenever Chef Fimy and her crew make manti (for some weekday specials), drop your plans and go. I promise you won't regret it.Apricot Stone is my absolute go-to for mediterranean food. The food is fresh, tasty, and best of all consistent. I have ordered delivery, takeout, and eaten in at this restaurant (probably about 20+ times at this point). Each experience with the staff is pleasant. They are accommodating, especially of large parties. They don't have a ton of space inside, but they have a beautiful outdoor area on Liberties walk which is lovely for big groups. They really work with you to make a reservation even if they're busy.
I usually get the greek salad with chicken shawarma or the platter. I love both. The rice that comes with the platter is flavorful, and the dips you get to choose from are all great. The hummus is my favorite, but you really can't go wrong. The platter comes with a huge pita as well- it's a really nice amount of food that somehow I always finish even though it's way too much...
This family-owned BYOB is unique also in that it accepts credit cards- a nice little perk for those of us who don't carry a ton of cash.
I recommend this restaurant to everyone I know because it truly is the best!Wow. I can't recommend this place enough. I ordered delivery so I can't comment on the service or atmosphere, but the food was phenomenal. I am of Mediterranean/Middle Eastern origin, so I have high standards when it comes to Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants in the US. I'm so glad I ordered from here, I will definitely be ordering again.Nothing but great things to say about this place! It's BYOB which is awesome, also the menu seems very authentic and is absolutely delicious. It's a good place to go if you like to order a bunch of things and share with friends. The service is excellent and everyone is super friendly! Also, they have outdoor seating all year which is a plus. Definitely recommend this placeFirst off I will declare that my eating experience with Apricot Stone was takeout.   Expect to pay high prices for small portions of very average food.  I ordered:  a chicken kabob sandwich which needed more lettuce, onions, and sauce.  The Falafel appetizer very dry and had an odd taste.   While still overpriced for  the portion size I did really enjoy the Israel Salad and the Baklava with cheese dessert.  Inside dining might be a whole different experience but I doubt if I'll be back.Took my family from the suburbs here. They loved it! The plates are big portions so you could try a lot of things and then split that for dinner. Low key vibes and byob.If you're looking for good Armenian food, never tried middle eastern food, or are none of the above, you still need to go to Apricot Stone. A BYOB, very affordable, Armenian restaurant in Philly. Better than my mother's cooking? I'll never say but holy moly. Try everything on the menu. Specifically the Manti, lemajun, and khadif. Unreal experience with my friends who had never had this kind of food before. They are now hooked!