Have to describe my most recent experience here as overly disappointing. Came on a Philly summer Friday night and told a 20 minute wait for an outdoor table. This ballooned into 45 minutes due to lingerers so not the hosts fault but he could have been apologetic as he watched us sitting on the bench outside patiently waiting.
Nonetheless a solid meal could have redeemed this start but throughout the meal I was left feeling underwhelmed. The salmon grilled flatbread was a true disaster. The fish was not fresh at all and the matzo-ish bread was burnt which killed any chance to enjoy the hummus. Luckily the mussels were as delicious as I remembered from my last experience although trying to get extra bread from the waiter was a job in itself. For an entree I went with the pork chop which I am a big fan of and it was a solid piece of meat but really was skimpy on the apple butter which is  my favorite part of the bite.
With so many great BYOBs in the city this experience definitely took Audrey down a few notches and out of my goto rotation for the immediate future. This is a great neighborhood spot so hoping it was just an off night, such a shame.This place is definitely delicious and had some fantastic items on their menu including the mussels (the broth was just EVERYTHING). 
I like that it is small and attempts the cozy feel, but I was having trouble being cozy as it was CRAMMED. I felt like I was sitting on top of the tables on either side of me and it was just really difficult to get comfortable. 
BYOB is the way to go and that's the best part because it's usually the drinks that really weigh a dinner check down. I had a great time here but it only gets 4 stars because I felt like I was eating dinner with everyone as opposed to just being there with my bf. Too crammed.. maybe take out some tables?Have been here a few times and I have nothing but good things to say about Audrey Claire. First off, the waiters/waitresses are super knowledgeable and personable. The food is also awesome and not too pricey. My personal favorites are the sprouts with shaved parmesan as an appetizer and the pork chop as an entree. I also like the fact it is BYOB.Service was incredible! And the food amazing. I read previous reviews and decided to order few dishes for myself and the price was very comfortable for the quality of food.Pros, it's an intimate setting to share with friends, as well as getting a peek into their open kitchen. Cons, it is rather noisy and the food, while all were presented well, not all were seasoned equally so.We have been coming to Audrey Claire for years and have always enjoyed it. We visited last night for the first time in several months and the first time since new ownership took over. We were not impressed. Some of the best items that have been menu staples for a decade are gone (Mediterranean dips, rack of lamb) and other items have clearly taken a slide in quality as some sort of cost cutting measure. 
My boyfriend ordered the pork chop, which was previously a duroc pork chop about 2 inches thick. The duroc has been removed from the menu and replaced with some sad little imposter that was dry and flavorless. I ordered the short ribs, which I don't think I've ever done before. What I got was a plate of stew that had likely been cooked in a crockpot. The vegetables were obviously frozen and from a bag and the short rib was doused in some version of south Philly red gravy. Not appealing. 
We will return and hope this was just an off night, but because of the new ownership, we fear this may be the way of the future.this is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in philly.  not only is the food delicious, the ambiance is also super pleasant, not to mention it is also BYOB with a beer store right across the street (talking about convenience!).
i've tried many dishes here and the food just never disappoints.  the flat breads here are just amazing, especially the pear with sunflower seeds one (this is a MUST! and i melt every time i take my first bite of it) and the braised short rib one.  the brussel sprouts, the butternut squash risotto, and the tiger shrimp with baby arugula salad are delicious.  the brisket entree was so juicy and tender.  if you like mussels, you can get an order of (2-lb) mussels, which can be easily split for 4 people as appetizer, or, in my case, have it all to yourself.
the place itself isn't big, but it's got great ambiance - very open, high ceilings, and bright (white walls with sunflowers as decor).  they have an outdoor seating area that is open during the warm seasons, which makes the dining experience even better.
2 things to note, the place does get LOUD especially during dinner hours, and it's CASH only.  other than that, enjoy!The first of many reviews I will give for Philadelphia area restaurants. Having read reviews of Audrey Claire on Yelp.com I decided to finally make my way to the restaurant. Living 5 minutes outside of center city I have to drive to the restaurant which ended up being very inconvenient. I drove around for 20 minutes trying to find parking. If you live in center city it is ideal to take a taxi to the restaurant. 
The area is by Rittenhouse Square and is very lively. There are a ton of restaurants within that block. Our party of three ended up getting to the restaurant at 10:40. The dreaded late night customer! The server who handled us couldn't have been more gracious. She sat us and did not rush our table nor give us any attitude while we ate.
The interior is very simplistic. The walls are painted with very light tones with fantastic lighting throughout. The kitchen is open for all to see which always makes for a pleasant dining experience. The aromas of the kitchen open and extend throughout the restaurant.
The crowd seems to be 20-30s crowd all well dressed and attractive. There is enough space in the restaurant that sounds do not seem to echo so you can have a nice conversation without having to scream to hear the persons at your table.
The servers dress was very casual. Our server was wearing some cut up jeans and a sleeveless undershirt. She was fairly knowledgeable with the menu with the questions we had.
We were a bit rushed with ordering and the presentations of our appetizers and entrees but as is to be expected since we go to the restaurant 20 minutes before the kitchen was closing. I normally like to have a 5-10 minute breathing period between appetizers and entrees. It allows the customer to talk about what they just ate and to digest their food in anticipation for the entree. There was no wait period as soon as we finished our appetizers the entrees were presented. Some people may like this but I do not.
Before appetizers are brought out we were given a basket of warm pita bread with oil for dipping. I always prefer oil to butter. It is healthier and tastier in my opinion. The oil was VERY mild and had almost no flavor. Perhaps some spices could improve the dipping sauce.
For appetizers as a table we ordered the grilled flat bread spicy hummus, smoked salmon and mesclun w/ tahina vinaigrette. A lot of times anything that includes smoked salmon has trouble competing with the overpowering flavor and taste of the salmon. Not the case here the hummus blended perfectly and the mesclun and vinaigrette was very mild and was a nice touch.
We also ordered the Mediterranean spreads. You have a choice of seven spreads. We chose the spicy hummus, sun dried tomato & garlic and the baba ghanoush. All were good but nothing amazing and not in the same ballpark as some Mediterranean restaurants ive been to when comparing the two. It also came with pita bread. I recommend the sun dried tomato of the three.
For entree I ordered the potato crushed ahi tuna topped with crispy beet shavings. The potato was very mild but the tuna was cooked perfectly. I had mine medium rare. It was not the BEST I ever had, but it was damn close. Perfectly done.
We skipped on the dessert as it was almost midnight and the servers were beginning to clean up. We were not rushed nor did we receive any of the dreaded "hurry up" stares from any of the servers. We enjoyed our wine without any rush and ended up leaving at about 12:15.
Overall I would give the restaurant a 3.5. I think the hype the restaurant received was a bit of a letdown, but given the time we entered the restaurant could have played a part in the delivery of services. I don't see myself going there again for dinner for awhile, but find it to be ideal to go to for lunch or a sunday brunch. Especially in the spring and summer when it is warm out with their outdoor seating.
If you want a great meal with no frills attached I suggest Audrey Claire. The attention is solely on the food and this is why the restaurant works!This is one of my all time favorite restaurants, serving some of the best meals I've ever had. Everything is fresh, flavorful and simply delicious.
For one of my many visits, I came for a birthday celebration with a party of 12 and they accommodated us well with a prix fixe menu featuring family-style appetizers and desserts. We didn't feel rushed and everything was just as good as when you order off the normal menu. All in all, it was a great night out.Audrey Claire is a hidden gem! I came here on a Sunday night with a couple of friends and the food was incredible. We ordered the antipasti, which I highly recommend, the pear flatbread and bread pudding for dessert. Everything tasted fresh and the service was quick. Since it's a small place, I recommend going early and definitely trying the antipasti if you want a healthy way to start your dinner.Lovely little neighborhood feeling BYOB.  While the prawns that I had were fantastic the waiter gave us a lot of lip.  I was there with a party of three and we each had a twenty so we asked for individual change because we were splitting the bill.  Rather than being gracious about it he complained before making it happen.  Made it feel like we were burdening him.  Pretty sad because we really enjoyed our meal.Adorable little restaurant. It is normally pretty crowded so we went during the week and made a reservation. The short rib and portobello flatbread was delicious. The salmon was also a great choice. It gets pretty loud in there if there are big groups. The waiter was very attentive. Overall was a great experienceI just love Audrey Claire. I think its safe to say that it is my favorite BYOB restaurant in the city. I've many wonderful, memorable meals over the years. Getting seated on a Fri. or Sat. is always a wait, but its always worth it. Generally though, its rarely longer than 30 minutes for a small party. 
Food-wise I ADORE the pear gorgonzola flatbread, the mussels, seared brussel sprouts and the sole. All regulars on the menu and never fail to leave you happy and stuffed. The portions are quite large, but its so hard to stop...too delicious. The only only tiny thing I dislike is the large couscous salad thing that appears as a side. Its horrible and chewy and boring. 
Our most recent waiter was awesome. He made sure to help clear the empty wine bottles promptly (we had a large, boozy group) and put up with our annoying requests for group photos. Thanks...very much appreciated.
The service is very good, the food is SOOOO yummy and the location is perfect. LOVE.A nice Saturday evening out: knowing they don't take reservations and a table of more than 2 is generally harder to seat quickly, we made sure to come a little early and were actually the second table filled (an hour later there was a small crowd waiting at the door). I appreciated both the simple decor and the large windows, which (thankfully) seemed airtight in the February night!
The bread (made in house) was delightful: soft and with a nice flavor all on its own. The traditional olive oil/balsamic vinegar/herb combination actually detracted from the bread, as it was over the edge of bitter (and I like tonic water straight!).
The trio of mediterranean spreads was lovely: white bean-tuna, spicy hummus, and pumpkin hummus, which were served with pita bread and some cucumber pieces. Spicy hummus was my favorite, though not of the consistency I associate with Zahav and Dizengoff.
Greatly enjoyed the pappardelle with portobello mushrooms, sautéed arugula, toasted sunflower seeds and shaved locatelli. I think (didn't inquire) the pappardelle's made in house: it was spot on in consistency. The sunflower seeds were a nice (unusual!) addition, bringing another layer of texture to the dish.
We finished the night sharing some chocolate cake with whipped cream, which moist and flavorful.
Next time I definitely want to try a flatbread (a neighboring table were enjoying one and I was intrigued!).
PS. Don't forget, it's BYOB!Second time here. Called in for a reservation at the chef's bar and was seated instantly while others were standing for regular seating. There's a beer market across the street; nearest wine is btwn 20&21 on market. 
Ordered the shallot crusted lemon sole ($21) and the penne pasta with tiger shrimp ($22). The pasta was whatever, I prefer the pappardelle over it. But the shrimp in it wAs big. The lemon sole though was AMAZING. the crust was perfect and the fish was so tender and soft. The flavor was great too. Would highly recommend it. 
Also added a creme brûlée ($6$ at the end of dinner. It was bad. The top was freshly torched (saw the waiter do it since we sat at the chef bar) but the bottom of it was cold. Wouldn't recommendA true dining experience. Located in the quaint but happening Rittenhouse, this restaurant fits the neighborhood. Although very small and you may have to wait, the food is well worth it and the staff make your dining experience unforgettable. Fresh, flavorful foods, we ordered a variety of dishes and every single one was exceptional. 
We ordered the grilled octopus and it was the best I've ever had. Chicken Milanese was also outstanding. Grilled artichoke will knock your socks off.
BYOB. Highly recommend.I'm pretty torn about Audrey Claire. It's a fun, trendy atmosphere and I've had some great meals here. But I've also had some thoroughly "meh" dinners here that didn't merit the price tag by any stretch of the imagination. And it always has a long wait.This was our third visit to Audrey Claire since we discovered it, about six weeks ago. This time we brought my in-laws, who are from NYC. Once again this little restaurant did not disappoint. Each one of us absolutely loved our selections! The food was delectable and the service was top-notch. Incidentally, the Brussels sprouts are about the best that I've ever had. Mmm mmm mmm!Amazing! I had heard great reviews from friends but I finally got to try it out tonight. I met a fried around 7, she was a little late but they sat me at the last table outside even though she wasn't present yet (great move). By the time she arrived the waitress had opened our wine (don't forget it is byo and cash only!). This friend I hadn't seen in a few weeks so we were really busy talking. The service would have been called a little slow if we were looking to get out in a reasonable amount of time but tonight we were enjoying a relaxing dinner with no where to go. 
We split the short rib flatbread that was delicious! We later noticed that other tables received bread while we were not served any. This didn't kill the evening but if we had been with our significant others this would have been an issue. 
She had the chicken and I the duck. Both were amazing! We will be back with friends for sure!My daughter and I went to Audrey Claire's last night and we were expecting to have a long wait. We were so thrilled to be seated immediately inside at the window table. The service was exceptional! In fact, shortly after we ordered we saw someone from a different table receive mussels and wished that we had ordered them as well. After some discussion I found our waiter and asked if we could switch one of our apps to the mussels; he was incredibly accommodating and assured us that it was no problem. They were very juicy and the broth had a great kick - delicious sopped up with their crusty bread. We were able to order a second small loaf but overheard another person ask for bread and noticed that they were dismayed to hear that the restaurant had run out of bread. The hummus trio was very good (esp the spicy hummus and avocado hummus.)  By the time our salmon arrived, we were not the least bit hungry so we had them box it up. 
All in all, I would definitely recommend the restaurant and plan to return on my next trip to Philly!I dined here at the end of November with a girl friend who brought a few bottles of wine that she made and were just finished the fermentation process. We offered our waiter a taste, which he graciously accepted, and that is the only reason we found why he gave us a complimentary appetizer and two desserts. My review is more of a 4.5 than 4.
The complimentary dishes we received were the Brussels sprouts with shaved parmesan, homemade chocolate meltdown cake and the homemade berries and vanilla cake dish. Somehow, that was my first experience with Brussels sprouts and I am absolutely hooked! The blend of vinaigrette and parmesan is incredible. The chocolate cake was beyond decadent and I did not get to taste the second dessert as I am allergic to strawberries.
For my main course I had the maple brine pork chop with wild boar bacon, candied dates and gorgonzola-granny smith apple butter and it was mouth wateringly delicious! The maple brine pork was absolutely outstanding. I would do back just for this dish. Sure, it is an extremely tight squeeze but the coziness and the fact that it is always busy just serves as a uniqueness factor for them, and to me it works!Cute BYOB right off of Rittenhouse square. It's usually pretty crowded and for good reason, the Mediterranean inspired cuisine is original and delicious. The menu is seasonal using meats and vegetables that the chef thinks are most fresh during that particular season. The menu is divided into 4 parts: flat breads, antipasta, small dishes, and large dishes. The flat breads typically have some cheese and vegetables. They seem to be a big hit, but weren't my thing because I only like simple cheese (yes, all cheese lovers can cringe). The small dishes provide a nice variety and include some salads. I had the PEI mussels which were perfectly cooked and a generous portion. The large dishes are mostly meats/poultry/fish though I think there was a vegetarian one. Most come with a starch of some sort. I had chicken with pomegranite molasses which was amazing. Pefectly cooked. The salmon and lamb my friends had were excellent as well. Desserts must rotate pretty often because they are written on a chalk board nearby. We split blackberry-apple bread pudding which was outstanding. I pretty much wanted to try all of them. IIRC there was also pumpkin pie, vanilla risotto pudding, and a pot de creme. Definitely worth checking out and very reasonably priced. The only downside for me besides not loving the pita breads was that they don't take credit cards.The antipasti for 2 assortment was excellent - plentiful and tasty. Entrees were rather ordinary. The service was quite good, upbeat and pleasant.This is a charming restaurant in Rittenhouse Square that, while good, looks cuter than it actually is. We arrived at 6pm on a Friday night (no reservations on Friday and Saturday). There was ample seating and our order was taken quickly. However, the wait staff, while polite, paid us no special attention and forgot several requests for more water, vinaigrette, etc. Additionally the dining room was relatively small and noisy. 
The food was good - I had the Zuppe de Pesce which was fine, though a tad salty. It is byob, which is nice but common in Philly. 
Overall I had a nice time here but probably would consider it to be a bit overpriced- not worth it to come here on a regular basis.We've come to this little quaint restaurant so many times and cannot stop coming back. The food is always very delicious. We highly recommend the grilled flat bread and mussels for appetizers, pork chops and duck breast and ahi tuna are tasty main courses.I had a great time when I went here a few weeks ago. It was one of the many hot days this summer, so we chose to sit inside. I was very comfortable under the ceiling fans, and the large windows were open so we still had the feeling of sitting outside, but without the sun/heat. 
It was a little crowded and noisy, but that's what you get on a friday night at 7:30 at a popular restaurant. And actually, it wasn't so bad- I could pull my chair in and out unobstructed and there was nobody seated directly next to me. I could even carry on a conversation without yelling, so all things considered it was fine. The only thing that bothered me a little was the narrow aisle right next to me where the waiters/waitresses had to pass with large plates of food. 
My boyfriend and I split a spread plate to start. The warm pita bread was fantastic. We chose the babaganoush, tuna spread, and spicy hummus as our three spreads of choice. The babaganoush was only good in my opinion, but the other two were great (although the hummus could have been spicier- that's just my preference). For our entree we split the char with lentils. I hadn't had char before as far as I can remember, but it was a tasty fish. It was a good portion, too. The two of us left feeling pleasantly full (but not stuffed) despite splitting everything. 
The fact that this place is BYO is an added bonus.This is a great place and a philly byob classic.  When we walk past it we're always jealous of the people sitting at the tables with the green apples as a centerpiece, enjoying their pear and gorgonzola flatbread (a must-try).  Sit outside on a beautiful day and watch the philly natives go by.  And save room for the bread pudding.I am not a fan. The BYOB is great but the food is just average. Seating is limited and if you are on the sidewalk you get to enjoy people frequently walking by on top of your meal. I have been twice and can not say I am a fan.I had heard so many great things about Audrey Claire, which caused me to go in with maybe too high of expectations. I went during restaurant week and was impressed with the large selection of menu options, compared to other restaurant week menus. For an appetizer  I had the seared haloumi with candied dates and fig, which is basically fried cheese (hard not to love!). The dates and fig paired perfectly with the cheese. Pretty generous portion but it was too good to waste. My friend ordered the brussel sprouts, which were also delicious. Was never a fan of the vegetable but this definitely converted me. Then came the entree... I ordered the potato crusted ahi tuna. Unfortunately, the whole dish was extremely bland and forgettable. Similarly, my friend's salmon wasn't anything special either. For dessert we shared the chocolate cake and cranberry bread pudding. I wasn't a fan of the cake but I did enjoy the pudding. I really wanted to give the restaurant a higher rating; it had a great atmosphere, good service, and I love that it's BYOB. However, I couldn't get past the disappointment of the entree. May go back just for the haloumi... :)I was cautious about going here at first because of the reviews on bad service, but maybe I went on a good day. Service was good, not spectacular. The hostess seemed overwhelmed and the restaurant clearly needs to hire more staff. 
But, the most important part if this place is the food. We went for restaurant week and pretty much everything was delicious. The Tiger Shrimp appetizer was kind of bland, but the Brussel sprouts with Parmesan was delicious. My favorite dishes were the lemon sole and pork ribs. The mashed potatoes with the pork ribs was devine and the sole was juicy and soft. Dessert was wonderful as well. 
My only complaint is that it was very loud in the restaurant. I had to shout and lean in to speak to my dining partner. Otherwise, I had a very pleasant experience and would go there again.Such delicious food in a laid back atmosphere! I use to live across the street and loved going here for dinner. It's byob and they cork and chill (if needed) your wine (or beer). It's the perfect example of a simple neighborhood restaurant with beautifully crafted dishes. Obviously I'm a fan!! I wish they had a cook book for sale as we've moved away but I still crave their dishes. Octopus salad, wild boar, and pappardelle are my current favs.Very cute BYOB.  Who doesn't love a BYOB with good food.  Location and outside seating is very idyllic.  Service was very friendly and efficient.  Menu was classic and everything we tried was delicious- the charcuterie tray was a great option to try some of everything- great for the indecisive.  Mussels were some of the best I've had
In the city.  Salmon was simple, but delicious.  Plating is simple and classic.  Love the apple on each tableAudrey Claire is incredibly noisy, busy and the staff is underwater. Nevertheless, the food is outstanding and the grilled baby artichokes are the best appetizer on the planet. Pecan crusted tuna was perfect, mozzarella and bacon very tasty and everything else being served looked good as well. Now that there are tables on the sidewalk, you might get in without too long a wait.I was hesitant to make a reservation here but a friend wanted to try it since he was in the city.  Called ahead and made a reservation for 7 PM on a Thurs. night.  
Arrived to a pretty chaotic situation.  They were understaffed that night with only 3 waiters/waitresses.  Took a while to get our table and after we did get seated had to wait about 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order.  She did bring over a bottle of complementary mineral water though which was really nice.  Service the rest of the nice was pretty solid which largely was due to the waitress.  She flat out hustled to take care of the 6 tabletops she had.  Did a damn good job too given the circumstances.
If you don't like going to restaurants where other tables are right on top of you or loud restaurants, this place isn't for you.  It also isn't a place that I would bring more than a party of 4 either.  Mostly a younger crowd of people in the early/mid 20s but there were a few older couples also dining.  Generally a healthy vibe and minimal decor (refinished wood floor and tables with white decor).  It works.       
Since it is a BYOB and my friend brought a '06 Cakebread Cab from home which is always a good way to start a meal.  No corkage fee which is always a plus too.
Started off with the pear and Gorgonzola with sunflowers flatbread before cracking into the wine.  'Flatbread' is definitely one of those popular trends among urban bistros that will likely wane in a a year or two.  Basically, it is a small Neapolitan pizza with plenty of creative license on ingredients.  It was good but a little too crispy on the edges.  Stil decent.
The letdown was the main course.  I ordered the zuppa di pesce and my friend ordered the duck.  The zuppa wasn't bad although it was too bland.  Broth and the tomatoes make it or break it.  You need robust plum tomatoes and a good seafood stock. This didn't have either.  Plus a few of the mussels were gritty.  Friend's duck was overcooked a bit and too dry.  
It was bad.  It just wasn't very good either.   Zuppa was a real letdown because it was something one of my coworkers had recommended and it was a dish I grew up having alot of having Italian grandparents.  Maybe it was better in the summer with fresh plum tomatoes locally.  
Skipped desert and coffee.  Dishes were reasonably priced although I wouldn't say it was a cheaper bistro.  Zuppa was $19 and the duck was $25?  Just needed cash though we were knew in advance.  
Verdict:
- This is a place I would go back to but not for a main course nor in the winter time.  I would try it again in early summer or early fall.  Sit outside and almost treat it like a tapas restaurant sampling 3-4 small flats including an order of flatbread with a nice summer wine.Creative, but simple, fresh tasty food. The cuisine is French-ish, creative American, with a touch of Mediterranean. 
I got the wild-caught salmon with lentils and crisp green beans, preserved lemon.
my friend got the penne, simple and straightforward with some flavor and spice.
It is an intimate dining experience. You are dining with the entire restaurant. It is very loud but romantic in a way. I would dress nicer for this place, but that is always my philosophy. There's always the person with jeans and sneakers on to validate the lazy or the too-busy.Had a great time at Audrey Claire on a Wednesday night. I brought someone who must eat gluten-free and they were very well accommodated. 
I recommend sharing a bunch of things. We ordered the three dips which were awesome... a salad with figs that was OUTSTANDING and then two entrees, chicken and shrimp. Shared between three people it was perfect. 
We didn't bring wine but slummed it with beer from across the street. Classy.
The only thing I wouldn't recommend was the iced tea. It was very tasty but in a tiny glass that was not refilled for $2.50.Pretty interesting place. Went there on a Tuesday night with a friend. We tried different things but what I enjoyed the most was the duck. Delicious!! Must try!
One thing that I thought was funny is the fact that their wine glasses are so small, I guess because of the space they have they have to minimize as much as they can the space on their tables. We asked for "regular" wine glasses though.One of the early neighborhood restaurants to offer BYOB back in the day. It is a very lively and social place. I enjoyed the mussels and seafood here. I wouldn't sit outside though - it's just on a narrow sidewalk with quite a bit of pedestrian and auto traffic nearby.We had a great meal at Audrey Claire this evening. I've been wanting to try it, but have stayed away based on the fact that they don't do reservations on the weekend. Snuck in on a Sunday night. Grilled octopus was really good. My husband loved his duck entree. I would definitely go back to eat.Visited Audrey Claire for the first time last night, which was the last day of restaurant week. The space is intimate, but sparsely decorated. We were a group of 4, so had a bit of a wait, but the host couldn't have been friendlier. Once seated, our server was great too. The seared haloumi was amazing. I was disappointed with my pork chop though. The flavor was nothing special and the meat was tough; super difficult to cut! Dessert - banana bread pudding - was good, not great.Loved close to everything about this place. The decor was very festive. The crowd mostly consisted of young professionals, which in my book is a huge plus. I gave it 4 stars because my date's entrée wasn't quite as perfect, and though the chocolate cake I had for desert was pretty good, I have had much better.  
For the first course we got the Antipasti for two. Every sampler was great and just enough for both of us for the price. We also got a tomato bisque, though it was something my date ordered, the waiter brought us 2 spoons, trying to play cupid I assume. It was cute. However the tomato bisque I had at Audrey Claire has now probably ruined every other tomato bisque I will ever have. 
We got their specials for the day for our main course. I got the fish special, while my friend got the rib eye. The fish was cooked to perfection complete with a crispy skin :) The rib eye however was a little too fatty. 
Desert, we got chocolate cakes. They were pretty good, but I have definitely have had better.I wasn't impressed at all, but my friend loved the spot.  I felt the mussles were average -- her dishes tasted average; it just didn't resonate with me.  The quanitty wasn't the issue, because there were a lot of mussels -- it was just not that great (i.e. got to Monk's cafe for mussels!).  Overall, you won't ever find me back there again, but the service was great.BYOB. Food is amazing! I had the Sole and my brother had the lamb. Both were delicious. We did not have a reservation.If you visit my profile you will see I typically leave positive yelps, but this place might just be the most overrated restaurant in Philadelphia.  I've been to Audrey Claire twice and so far I am unimpressed.  We made a reservation 3 days in advance for four people to celebrate a special birthday.  We arrived on time for our reservation and they offered us the only table available which was right in front of the busy door where everyone crowds in waiting for a table.  It  was also 34 degrees out so this means we had a nice and chilly draft visiting the table every time the door opens.  The person in charge tells us we can take this terrible table, or wait 30 minutes for another.  Is this how you treat someone who made a reservation?  I don't think so.  Right behind us walked in three gentlemen.  They waited about 5 to 7 minutes and received a nice little WARM table away from the door.  From what I overheard they did not have a reservation.  This is just poor costumer service and poor planning.  Especially for a birthday dinner.  The waiter comes over and he is friendly, but it's so incredibly loud that he has to basically scream to us what the specials are just so we can hear him.  In fact, everyone at the table noted how loud it was so if you are looking for a quiet dinner this is not the place.  The menu sounded good enough, but to be honest the meals were mediocre  for "hype" the place receives.  It really was no better than some other restaurants I've been to where I 've received much better service.  The food wasn't bad, but this place is popular because it's trendy, looks cool and has a good location.  
They don't give their customers that warm and fuzzy feeling and they act like they are doing you a favor for giving you a crappy table.  If you are planning a special night, I don't recommend this place.  I hate to be so negative and if this was my first experience here I would give them the benefit of the doubt.  When I am this disappointed by a lack of customer service, I have to be honest and say something.
PS - No HEAT in the ladies room. Classy.This place is too noisy and the kitchen smoke takes the entire room. The food don't even get close to compensate for the bad ambiance. Oh, and they don't have proper wine glasses.I just visited Audrey Claire for the first time last night and had suuch a great time. Granted, it is currently restaurant week so the price was great and the amount of food was right on par for the price (ie: regular sized portions woo!!)
Highlight of the meal for me was definitely the appetizers and desserts although the entree was still quite good. 
Appetizers: Smoked Houlini is/was AMAZING. It was perfectly sweet with the drizzled honey but also salty. We also had the tiger prawns and those were also very tasty. with both appetizers, I hoped they would be bigger since they were so good but alas and appetizer is an appetizer. 
Entree: Pork chop with asparagus and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were sooooo good. They're the very starchy kind of mashed potatoes that keep to the potatoey taste. Yet there was still a good amount of butter and salt in there. Asparagus wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either... Only small issue i had with this dish was the pork chop. It was a little dry for my liking but the flavor was all there. Nicely seasoned. 
Dessert: Banana bread pudding was DELICIOUS. I dont particularly like bread pudding but this was soooo good. It was served with fresh whipped cream I think and a toffee/ caramel sauce. mmmmm. We also had the chocolate cake which is served warm with chocolate sauce and vanilla ice cream. Both desserts you can't really go wrong with. 
Overall, i really liked the food and the atmosphere. Definitely coming back.So,  this place has been here forever, ownership has brought us the wonderful 20 Manning and Cook. I went here this Saturday, not knowing it was restaurant week, that was my first mistake. I should've left when I learned this,  but I gave them a shot. Bad mistake. The dining room crowd resembled the Penn student cafeteria. So, I understand the servers crappy attitude, because they were probably getting stiffed all night. I'm a mature looking guy, some say distinguished looking. My wife looks considerably younger(good husband brownie points). So,  we definitely should've been a sight for sore eyes for our server. Instead,  a rumpled, grouchy, balding and sour young man, only identified as "L" on the hand written check,( they only accept cash),  showed up like his girlfriend just broke up with him and his cat died. Horrible personality and demeanor.  He should NOT be in hospitality!!!! He let us sit there for over 15 minutes before opening our wine and another 15 minutes before taking our order. We pleased and thanked him to death and he just became more unprofessional and rude. If I wasn't with my wife I would've definitely had told him what a rude jackass he is. We finished our meals and sat with dirty dishes for another 10 minutes. Hey L have you ever heard of pre-bussing? He wrapped my wife's leftovers but left a dirty plate in front of me,  so I placed it on the unbussed table next to me,  as a not so subtle hint for L to do his job. Now,  fully exasperated, I asked a delightful young female server if there's was a manager on duty. It was obvious there was not a manager present. She told me they "self-manage"!!!! Holy Crap!!!! A cash business with no management present!!! No wonder it sucks so hard!!! How much do you think the staff steals from the owners?Had dinner here after a show at the Art Alliance on 18th St.
We all thought the food was wonderful. Really good. 
What was off putting was the noise level. They could really use some rugs or IKEA carpet tiles and perhaps drapes or curtains, something to absorb the noise. 
It was so bad we really could hardly hear each other. 
The walls were also bare, crying out for something to fill the large empty space. This would be a perfect venue for emerging artists to display their paintings or better yet, weavings. There is an Art School only four blocks away.
Other than that, a great place.Really clean, fresh delicious food. 
We started out with an order of mussels (it's a huge order, fyi), grilled artichokes, and mozzarella with pancheta. All were fantastic and flavorful without being overwhelming. Our entrees included the potato crusted tuna (seared to perfection with that crispy crust), penne with tiger shrimp, and sole. The sole fillet was different from what I'm used to, this was much thicker than a typical sole, which did cause a problem. While the thinner portion of the fillet was incredible, the thicker portion was a little undercooked and chewy, but not to the point that it hurts this review. Each fish dish was served with fresh green beans and a grain. For dessert, warm chocolate cake did the trick. It was the most incredible dessert, but certainly passed the chocolate test.
Oh, and don't forget that this place is BYOB! And they don't take reservations on Fridays or Saturdays.Best caesar salad you will ever have.  The chefs here said, "screw shredded lettuce" and just opted for the whole head of romaine, char-grilled and smothered in the best damn caesar dressing/parmesan topping you will ever have.
Went for a late, late 10:30 restaurant week dinner on a Friday night and everything from the amazing flatbread app with sunflower seeds, apples, and melty gorgonzola to the buttery pappardelle with more sunflower seeds and mushroom/spinachy goodness was fresh, organic, and made with love.
After a couple nice helpings of bread dipped in oil combined with the hearty apps, entrees, and two bottles of wine, we were beyond stuffed when our delicious dessert of caramel-heavy bread pudding finally came out at midnight.  Despite not being able to move I put a dent in it cause it was just that damn tasty.
The $35 a person was definitely worth it  though I'm not sure how high the bill would have been had it not been restaurant week.  Perhaps dessert really wasn't necessary cause the appetizers and entrees are pretty sizable.
I knocked it down a star due to the small space, lack of seating available, not taking reservations, and being cash only.I have always passed by Audrey Claire's numerous times and always wanted to try it. What always attracted me was the outdoor seating with a granny smith green apple used as a center piece- hm, cute, simple, and unique. The atmosphere holds a simplistic raw flair-- where the waiters and waitresses wear white cotton tees, and the flower decors are real & fresh!  It's an adorable little restaurant cafe with an open kitchen that puts on a good show for those who can see it.  
The food is (really) awesome, but the ONLY reason it lost stars is because I felt quite claustrophobic. It's..... tiny.  The waitress had to squeeze through to get our orders which made me feel a little uncomfortable watching.  I went with one other friend, and I was sitting literally back to back to the group behind me. I was shoulder to shoulder to the couple on a date next to me where I can easily listen in on their conversation and possibly could have mistaken my water for their white wine glass (Mmmm!!). 
Nonetheless, my experience here was awesome!! I'm definitely going again.  It's very quaint~ and marked with elegance where I felt like I had escaped to some countryside cafe in Europe.  I wish I had brought some wine with me-- which I'll bring for my next visit now that I know it's BYOB! :) enjoy!!
Few tips:
1. Make sure to RSVP 
2. BRING CASH
3. Bring Your Own Beverage!
Things to eat:
1. Spicy hummus, smoked salmon & mesclun w/tahina vinaigrette
2. Maple brined pork chop w/ wild boar bacon, candied dates & gorgonzola-granny smith apple butter
3. Goat Cheese & Leek Tart on polentaGreat atmosphere and great food. I heard mixed reviews about this place for a long time but always wanted to visit. I have to say I was not disappointed.Just tried Audrey Claire about a week ago and it's definitely one of my new favorite BYOs! Walked in with a friend and we were seated right away & had a really nice waitress. The restaurant itself is very cute and was decorated with little paper cranes in the windows. We split the hummus dish - my friend is gluten free and they were very accommodating with giving us veggies along with the pita. We each also got the grilled octopus salad which was awesome, cooked just right! Everything was reasonably priced and you can't beat a good BYO. 100% will go back.Fresh, delicious- I really appreciate their style. Geared towards veggies & freshness- its a great byo date place.I ate at Audrey Claire last night with my daughter - on a March evening so rare and warm that we could enjoy our meal at a sidewalk table.
That was a good thing because the decibel level indoors exceeded that of a 1972 Led Zepplin concert from which my ears have yet to recover. Given a choice, the only reason to eat indoors would be that you don't care what your dining companions are saying. Given the conversations we overheard outdoors, that could be distinct possibility. Or, you might consider listening to your iPod while eating.
But enough grousing. We had wonderful food. My daughter ate a great bowl of pappardelle with grilled arugula and portobello mushrooms. Fortunately, she's not a big eater so I got to finish it off. I enjoyed two appetizers - a warm salted beet and yam salad, with goat cheese. The sweetness of the vegies, accented by the salt, was remarkable. I also had a portobello mushroom "tart" - layered polenta, ricotta, mushroom, goat cheese and grilled leeks. Fabulous, and I don't use the word lightly.
Attentive service set off an unexpected al fresco dinner. And I could hear every word my daughter spoke.I think I need to try this place again before I judge it. I think I was coming down with a cold when I went so to be fair I wasn't bringing my A game. 
None of the food "blew" my mind but perhaps the cold and my expectations were built up a bit?    The veggie app plate was tasty but kind of greasy.
I will go back again to give it another try....My boyfriend and I came here the other night for some late night small plates. It was a great date place. We came a little after ten and asked to be seated outside. Even though they apparently have a policy to not seat outside after ten, the staff was very accommodating and had no problem seating us out there.
First we ordered a flatbread. We couldn't decide between the pear/Gorgonzola and the special (fig/Gorgonzola). When we asked the waiter which he thought  was better, he suggested doing it half and half! Awesome! Both flavors were wonderful
We then had grilled portabellas. They weren't anything super unique or special. Just grilled mushrooms. But I will say that they were cooked perfectly.
We had the crab and apple terrine after that. It was very fresh tasting. My boyfriend loved it, but I'm not a huge seafood fan. I enjoyed the few bites I had of it, but I let him devour the rest.
We also shared the dip platter. very good. The tzatziki sauce was awesome.
Dessert was wonderful as well. Banana bread pudding with fresh whipped cream. yummmm
Plus it's a BYOB!No, there's a ton of hype on this place. The place looks like it should be making the hippest tastiest food in town. And the menu makes everything look incredible in the way it describes the dishes. But unfortunately, it's really not all that. I went with B and we had four bland, poorly prepared, misidentified dishes that the waiter strongly recommended. We kept wondering if we had ordered the wrong things, but four for four is a pretty good indicator. The lamb that B got that claimed to be "encrusted" was actually fried in breadcrumbs. My pork that claimed to be "maple glazed" was brushed on the top with a glaze but had zero flavor underneath the surface of it. The brussels sprouts were big and undercooked. Feh.
When we got there, it was less than one third full but the server put us at the "chef's counter" because we didn't have reservations. We left an hour later and it was still half full. Thanks a lot :p The service was otherwise very good--nice and positive waiter.
A cash-only BYOB? Already a warning sign.
The place across the street (where 20 Manning used to be) is perfectly fine. Go there. Audrey Claire is loud, uncomfortable, and not worth the time or wait.We dined at Audrey Claire this evening to celebrate a family milestone. The restaurant deserves greater than five stars! Our meal was superb! We shared the grilled octopus, which was amazing! Entrees included Arctic Char, Chicken Milanese, and the Monk fish special. Each entree was outstanding! The service was excellent, the room comfortable, and the overall atmosphere was inspiring! And, we shared the blueberry cobbler which was the perfect dessert to cap off our dinner. I can't wait to return!!!brussel sprouts rocked. great salad. cute little place.I've been here before and went back again last night--the food was very good, as usual. Two people got the zuppa di pesce, a seafood stew. Some places skimp on the seafood; this was not one of them (and for a very reasonable price, too). Huge bowls loaded with a whole variety of seafood, and plenty of broth for dipping with bread left over. Other things we ordered were the octopus salad, Brussels sprouts, and duck entree--also both tasty.
Only two negatives to comment on. First, while the Brussels sprouts were delicious, as they've been every time I've gone, it seemed like the portion size had been reduced (it's been a while since I last went, but even if not, the portion was still quite small). There were about 10 halves, and while they were huge Brussels sprouts, I'd still expect a bit more. It's not like they're expensive in any way.
Second, it was fairly loud. We were there around 7-8p on a Thursday. You could still hear across the table, but even being a small place, it was quite noisy. They were also playing music, not loudly, but seemed a bit odd, considering.
One last positive: we hadn't made a reservation and called around 6:30. There was a group coming in at 8, so they said we had to be finished before then, but I thought it was noteworthy that they were willing to squeeze us in.
Last thing to note: they only take cash, so make sure to bring some.
Overall: highly recommended.Audrey Claire is just charming!  It was the first visit for myself and two friends.  The food is amazing and our server was very attentive.  Try it, you'll love it!  Can't wait to go back.I adore this place.  It always has amazing service and the food is consistently amazing.  The first time I went was 2 years ago and of course it's a BYO.  We tried 2 fish dishes, one of which I remember was rainbow trout, (which changes every once in a while) and both were delicious.  The next time I went, I sat outside and the service and food were still great. The menu is seasonal but I always get the antipasto platter which has a ton of delicious selections.  I have never had such delicious brussel sprouts and have tried to replicate it at home but can't get it as awesome!  Also, I'm not a huge dessert person but their creme brulee and bread pudding are amazing.  They don't take reservations on weekends but just try to get there at a reasonable hour and not in a huge group, although I always see big groups there.  The kitchen is open so you can watch the chefs cook as you dine.  The lamb chops are also really yummy but I'm not a big lamb fan so I usually opt for one of their fish entrees, which they always have a few to select from.  They have amazing soup as well and the last time I went, we ordered the grilled whole fish which was delicious.  They always use the same sides for the fish dishes so maybe they should change that up a bit?  Their Prince Edward Island mussels are very yummy--sizeable portion with a very flavorful tomato based broth.
I think it's a great place to take a first date or somewhere to return with close friends.  I once went with a bottle of sparkling wine and just enjoyed the bottle and ordered dessert.  The restaurant was totally cool with that (given it was 9:30pm or so).  I really love this place!Went looking for Melagrano and stumbled across Audrey Claire. VERY LOUD inside as the outside tables had over an hour wait. Very pleasant menu and wait staff and service was very good. 
Ordered the brussell sprouts for an appetizer and were not cooked enough. had a hard time slicing them with a knife. The Trout with crab meat and spinach was good but a bit over salted. Would try again but wasn't overjoyed with first visit.I imagine Audrey Claire doesn't need another good review...just like it doesn't need color or wall-hangings in its space to make it feel homey.  But I'm going to rate it anyway...because even the most steadfast need a boost every once in a while.
I think I go here about once a year.  Their food is delicious...I'm usually never disappointed.  The last time, I had their mussels (of which I'm a connoisseur).  I believe they hail from Prince Edward Island, or somewhere in Northern Canada...don't quote me on this.  Regardless, they were ample and tender (I feel weird saying that...oh well) and the sauce was basic but good.  
As others have mentioned, the acoustics are kind of crappy.  It IS hard to hear others at your table when the place is full.  I think it's the ol' "talk-louder-because-others-are-talking-loudly" concept...and then everyone is yelling.  When the noise-level is at the endearing/quaint level, the place could probably be a backdrop to a movie...about food...which are my favorite (i.e. "Big Night").  
Lastly, I grade the waitstaff.  I believe they're knowledgable and friendly...not TOO friendly, which I like.  I've seen one of the current waitstaff rise through the ranks there.  He was a host before and now a competent waiter.  That really warms my heart.Love this place! 
Make reservations if you can (they don't take reservations Saturdays) but if you can't, come in early (7 at the latest) and you'll be able to beat the rush and increase your chances of getting seated without a reservation. 
Items we had that I would STRONGLY recommend:
- Seared brussel sprouts with shaved parm. The cheese practically melted on the brussel sprouts as we ate it. 
- Mediterranean spreads (pick 3). My two favorites are the spicy hummus and the sun-dried tomato. We also got the white-bean tuna for our 3rd choice, which was good, but nothing to rave home about. The spicy and sun-dried tomato, however, were ridiculously amazing. Best hummus I have ever had, and being a pescetarian, I have definitely had my share of hummus.
- Butternut squash risotto. If you order only one item at this restaurant, it should be this. I don't even have words to describe how amazing this was so I apologize for not being more helpful here, but I'm too busy dreaming about going back and eating more. Just order this and you'll see what I mean. 
- The lemon sole was AMAZING. Second best thing we had here the entire evening. Light and crispy on the outside but incredibly tender meat on the inside. It comes with a side of couscous which was really good also.
- The ahi tuna entree was good also. They give you really thick chunks of tuna, which I found pleasantly surprising since when I usually order ahi tuna, I find the slices a bit thin and always only get a few and am left wanting more. Not the case here. Very healthy portion, I almost didn't even finish. Although the ahi tuna was good, i have to say the lemon sole still blew it out of the water and would recommend ordering that instead.
We ended dinner with coffee and the vanilla creme brulee. My boyfriend loved the creme brulee (it comes topped with strawberry slices which I thought was a really nice touch) and I must say, it was one of the better creme brulees I've had, but nothing to rave home about. Good, but not extraordinary.
Would definitely come here again!Don't mistake this place for just another one of those teeny BYOBs in Rittenhouse Square - this spot is a gem! 
Cozy atmosphere is complemented by truly well-executed dishes. Though the appetizer was a bit small for three people to share (we literally each had two pieces of duck and two pieces of pasta), it was the most delicious amuse-bouche I've had in a long time. The salmon with latkes and salmon skin salad was perfectly done and a nice-sized portion at that. The chicken was also really tasty and juicy, which I've found is weirdly hard to find at most places.
Though we didn't do dessert, the tables to our right and left both had the hazelnut crepe with ice cream and it looked divine! Judging by our neighbors' mmm's and the fact that their plates were practically licked clean in two minutes flat, I can't imagine they didn't love it.
To top everything off, since it's BYOB, the check was shocking (in a good way). 
The only thing I feel I should warn about is that it's really tough to get a reservation, but well worth the wait.I really wanted to like this place. 
The food is creative and they mesh flavors well. We ordered their special for the evening (a NY Strip steak), lamb, and the grilled octopus. 
The octopus is great, but it's more of a salad which was unexpected. Maybe I just read it wrong? 
The steak may have been the worse steak I've ever had. Tough, fatty, and utterly bland. Looking back I shouldn't have ordered steak at this place but if it's on the menu it should be cooked well. My wife's lamb was bland but she did not complain. All the sides were fine. 
I will try this place again, just stay away from the red meat.Came on a Monday evening around 8. I had called ahead and they said there were reservations inside up till 9, and that there were seats available outside. When we got here(5 minutes after the call), there was a 40 minute wait for outside and instant seating for inside. It is louder inside but I ain't complaining about getting seated so quickly. 
Onto the food, we decided on the Lear and Gorgonzola flat bread based off all the good reviews on yelp. The flavor was definitely one of a kind. The mix of the sweet pear with the cheese. Glad we got it. 
The octopus salad and pappardelle  were recommended by a couple waiting with us. The salad was definitely something different. It was not chewy as I expected octopus to be. Really refreshing and light. 
Pappardelle had great flavor. The noodles were perfection and the mushrooms were delicious. I just didn't like out oily it felt on my lips. 
We were both really full so didn't get any dessert. Overall very pleasedI've tried for a really long time to "like" this restaurant. You know...they have apples, an appealing green color on the inside that says "Come on in"...I've thought about writing a review about how small the mediocre menu is and how tastless the food is but I've tried to hold out. Tonight I wanted to get a gift certificate for my friend for $50.00. I went in around 6:00pm. I was approached by a small man in a tight vest that I assume was the hostest (excuse me host) and he said: "I don't have time for that....as you can see." I asked if he was kidding. he WAS NOT. I asked again...he said no..and motioned toward the semi-full restaurant. I asked another waiter if I could speak to the manager, he said they were "self managed." Still not sure what that means. Anyway, I live literally across the street and that's the last time I'll even walk toward that restaurant. There's so many great places nearby....you don't have to give up your decency to go there. Make good decisions.It's a well known fact that I am notoriously picky. And the 4 stars Im giving Audrey Claire is not because I love the food so much. The menu and I have a pretty rocky relationship. It wants me to like it but the things it's offering are just a little too weird for my taste buds. However, I have had really good food here, even if it wasn't the most exciting thing on the menu. The 4 stars is for the service and attractiveness of the waiters. Here's the story: My best friend's family lives around the corner from AC and they are Sunday night regulars  so I've been here on multiple occasions. One visit, a waiter (who wasn't even serving our table) noticed that I was the only one not indulging in any appetizers and he brought me over a bowl of Mushroom soup hoping that even the pickiest of eaters would try and like it. I tried my friends, but only because he  was cute. I then passed the soup over to my friend's dad and just waited for my pasta dish to come out. 
But seriously, how attentive and nice is that?!  A complimentary bowl of soup (and the food is not cheap here)? Where else in the city would that happen??
 Also it's BYO which is always nice.I was leaning towards five stars, until a minor snafu at the end of our meal with the bill that I'm still not quite sure I understand. But more on that later. 
Audrey Claire is a cute, TINY little restaurant. I went at 8:00 on a Sunday night and the restaurant was full and loud. I can't imagine you could get in without a wait if you didn't have a reservation. It was easy to get a reservation, though - I called a few hours ahead, the person who answered the phone was very friendly and accommodating, and suggested that we would be seated more quickly if we came at 8:00 rather than 7:30. Although we were seated right in front of the doorway, it was not too cold (except for the 30 seconds it took people to leave!) and was very comfortable, especially considering how many people they fit in the space. 
The food was delicious. Given some of the other reviews, I was prepared to be underwhelmed - but I really enjoyed everything. We started by sharing the gorgonzola and pear flatbread. The portion is much larger than I was expecting, and the flavors complement one another very well. We also shared the grilled haloumi with figs, which was absolutely delicious - very simple, but full of flavor. For an an entree, I had "Bubbe's brisket" - which actually surpassed my own grandmother's! It literally fell apart at the touch of a fork, and was served with seasoned root vegetables and mashed potatoes. My dining companion tried the papardelle, and from the silence during the meal, I think she was quite happy, as well! She is vegetarian, and there were plenty of options for her on the menu. The dessert options sounded so good that we couldn't decide on just one, so we shared the lavender creme brulee and warm chocolate cake. The lavender flavor was very unusual - it had a somewhat strange aftertaste, but was definitely worth trying. The chocolate cake was simple but delicious. 
As I mentioned, the only reason Audrey Claire is not getting five stars is because we had some confusion over the bill. It is a shame, because overall the service was wonderful and attentive. Our bill came to $72, so we left (so we thought) $86 (they only take cash). Our waiter brought $4 in singles back to our table. We checked in with the waiter because we wanted to make sure he had gotten his full tip - we were not quite sure how the math worked out to leave us with $4. He told us that we had only left $65. I'm fairly certain we had left more than that, and definitely know that we left a five dollar bill and a single (although there is not a big difference between $65 and $66 ...) What we could not figure out is why, if we had not left enough to even cover the bill, they did not return all of the money to us and ask what had happened. We still can't figure out how you end up with our table getting $4 back, whether we had left $86 or $65. Long story short, we ended up leaving another $20 - service was excellent and we definitely did not want to deprive our waiter of a well-deserved tip, but I was left with a lingering feeling of confusion and concern that, somehow, we ended up spending $20 more than we owed.I finally came here for the first time on a Sunday night. Overall, had a good experience, but I wouldn't say it was outstanding, and didn't quite live up to the amazing things I've heard.
Whenever my boyfriend and I go out to dinner, I think we order too much food. This was the case again. To start, we got the Antipasti for Two. It was really big, and is the equivalent of at least two, maybe even three, usual appetizers. It was good to try everything, but it was a little overwhelming for me. The best parts were the brussels sprouts, asparagus, and beets. 
We decided to get 3 smaller dishes, and one big dish. This was too much for us to eat. For the small dishes, we got the Butternut Squash Risotto, the Grilled Octopus, and the Grilled Tiger Shrimp, and the Papperdelle big dish:
- Risotto: I really liked this, as I have never tasted risotto cooked with squash or anything of the sort. However, the flavor gets repetitive in your mouth, so definitely plan on sharing.
- Octopus: I only had a bite of this, so I can't say much - but it's more of a salad.
- Tiger Shrimp: I love shrimp, so I might be biased, but I really liked them. They are served on top of sweet potato so it was delicious.
- Pappardelle: I love Pappardelle, probably my favorite pasta. I liked how the pasta was light, but that also meant it was a little bland. Could have used some more spice/flavor, in my opinion.
The ambiance is intimate, and there isn't much to say besides that it has an open kitchen. It can get really crowded/cramped. The service was pretty good also, however they are cash only so beware of that. It is really nice that it is BYOB though, so you can come here on a date but bring your own choice of wine!I must say I'm impressed with my ability to choose restaurants during restaurant week.  I'm never disappointed! This was true with Audrey Claire.
Appetizer: I had the pear and Gorgonzola flat bread and it was amazing. AND HUGE! My friend had the arugula salad which was good but nothing extraordinary
Entrees: We chose the lemon sold and the ahi tuna and shared some of each. They were really good.  We even enjoyed the sides which included couscous and green beans.  
Dessert: My friend and I both agreed that dessert was the BEST part.  We had the bread pudding and the chocolate cake! YUMMM
We were way to full at the end but it was totally worth it.  And the BYOB status is a definite plus!amazing, amazing, amazing. from the moment we walked in and were greeted by an enthusiastic  fluffy haired guy we knew all the yelping about the bad service was not to be believed. yes, we had to wait an hr, but on a sat night with no reservation, thats short. and it flew bc we didnt have to stand there, we got a drink down the street and they called us. the food was incredible. the same fluffy haired guy was our server and he was amazing. on the top of his game. def order the seared haloumi w candied dates. for an app. omg omg omg. and then go for any large plate - they are all fantastic. and the cost wasnt crazy since its byob. def worth every penny.Disclaimer:  This star is purely based on the reservation process, and not the actual dining experience as I was not able to have one.  
This place has been on my list to try for a long time, and I was very excited when we planned to have my friend's surprise birthday dinner there.  Unfortunately this did not work out as they never logged our reservation for us.  We called a week in advance to make a reservation for 8 and as far as we knew things were taken care of.  We never got a confirmation and luckily called an hour beforehand to make sure everything was okay.  Needless to say, it wasn't, and we had to scramble last minute to find another table for 8.  I know people make mistakes, but it's frustrating that they don't take online reservations, and I felt like there was no accountability for this mistake.  I even emailed them the next day just to let them know what happened and that we were very disappointed, hoping to at least get an apology or something, but no one ever responded (this was a few months ago now).  
I'm sure I'll still end up eating there at some point, which may bump this review up, but for now my saltiness warrants only one star.Audrey Claire always delivers. Such a fantastic meal and great service. I'm so happy that this is a regular neighborhood spot.Charming, pretty little restaurant. Loved the outdoor seating on a warm May evening. Excellent service. Food came promptly. Tempting menu. Very good pear & gorgonzola flat bread. Execution slightly off for other dishes. Grilled octopus was tough with little flavor. Perfectly cooked spring pea risotto lacked depth of flavor. Arugula salad with warm figs and berries, very good except for some yellow leaves. Overall terrific experience, but attention to small food details and fine tuning seasoning will make it a keeper.We were in town visiting and came here on a friend's recommendation.  Audrey Claire is great!  The food, atmosphere, and service were all exceptional.Review is a bit delayed since I was there at the end of October, but glad I finally got a chance to see what Audrey Claire has to offer outside of Restaurant Week. We ordered mussels for the table and I went with the tuna as my main dish. The mussels were cooked in a tasty red sauce and were enough to share between 4 people. The tuna was nicely seared and served with crispy beets, couscous and green beans. I've tried beets since then and definitely prefer them crispy. Both times I've been here, the food has been good but not anything special.
Added bonus is that this place is byob.. there's a Food & Friends across the street if you forget to pick something up. Also worth noting is that it can get very loud inside.. the combination of big open space and high ceilings leaves you asking "what?" a lot.Our server was wonderful and the atmosphere good.  I enjoyed my arugula, goat cheese, & berry salad starter however there was about 2 blackberries and 2 raspberries on it, really really would have enjoyed a few more berries.  Another one of my friends got the seared haloumi and it was so salty it was inedible, everyone at the table tried it and agreed.  Myself and one friend both had the Ahi Tuna as our main dish, for both of us this is a favorite food and we were very disappointed, the tuna was bland and not fresh tasting, the sauce on it was good and perhaps more of it would have helped make the tuna better.  For dessert we got rice pudding, chocolate lava cake, and creme brulee, the latter two were fantastic however the rice pudding (usually a favorite of mine) was strange and much denser than any rice pudding I've ever encountered. 
Overall I was disappointed with this dinner, I walk by Audrey Claire all of the time but this was my first time dining there, from the looks of what I usually see when walking by I was hoping for a fresh, light, and delicious meal that would be worth my money, sadly this was not the case.This place is a great byo.
CASH ONLY. But there is an atm next door of you forget.
I had the pork chops (generally I don't like them) and LOVED them.
My bf got the lamb and enjoyed it.
The atmosphere is simplistic and laid back.
Don't bother getting an app per person- the servings are large and you get veggies on your plate anyways. Wish my waiter would have told us that. That being said, the veggies were delicious.
 I didn't have the pasta, but it looked bland.LOUD - don't come here if you want to talk.  Think family style tables with "coz"y seating, and not a lot of seats either.  BYOB - yeah!
Had dinner in a Sunday night and the place was packed, seating for our reservation was delayed 10 minutes, (glad we were already late) but no big deal.   Did I mention this place is loud?
Shared a Gorgonzola, pear and sunflower seed flatbread, WOW - packed with flavor and absolutely delicious. 
I had the rack of lamb entree and it was very nice, but cooked more med-well than the med-rare I ordered. Red bliss mashed, asparagus and the mint favored "sour cream" (what was that) were very nice.  
Rest of the family had the two chicken dishes and were happy. The pomegranate molasses was a bit too sweet, but a nice change of pace.
Service was attentive without being overwhelming.   
Not a big fan of cash only places, but we knew this coming in so no issue there.  
Overall, family rating is 4 star.  Noise being the biggest factor holding back from a 5.It isn't news to anyone who knows me that I am Audrey's biggest fan. For the past 6 years this restaurant is my own personal go to for a BYOB as well as go to recommendation. My reasons: the menu is easy but elevated enough for an experienced palate, the staff is quick on their feet both literally as well as with regard to their knowledge of the ingredients, the service is impeccable, the food consistently delicious and the urban vibe is both upbeat and casual.I gave this 3 stars at first, but revised to 4. It's kind of in the middle. We went here last night for restaurant week. It's a cute restaurant, small and charming. We sat outside. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The food was good but nothing too special. They kind of overdo it on the cheese on everything, but I like cheese so I was okay with that. It really can outweigh the other flavors though. I'd go here again. I gave that extra half a star because their restaurant week menu was pretty extensive, and they didn't get chintzy with the size of the plates.after an approx 75 minute wait on a friday night -- passed the time by grabbing some absurdly priced glasses of pinot grigio at twenty manning -- i was ready to chow down for the first time at audrey claire.
i had an excellent server who answered all my questions. he approved of the trio of spreads choices we made, and all three were indeed delicious: tomato basil, spicy hummus, and tzatziki. my friend ordered the zuppe del pesce and it was ginormoussss. i chose the venison special, served with a pear arugula salad and mashed sweet potato garnish. i must say, asking for rare venison and receiving medium took away from the dish immediately, but i was so damn hungry at this point that all was not lost. plus, the salad was pretty tasty.. i believe there was a champagne vinagrette on top.
i won't go out of my way to return.Love, love, love this place.
Food is always amazing- and fresh!  I've been here a bunch of times and have never been disappointed.  It's like a farm fresh BYO but they really hit the mark with flavor.  The price is great- it's not cheap but its also not expensive- and the food is delicous so who could ask for more.  
It def gets loud and its very small so you may sit very close to the people next to you.  BUT honestly if you can't see that when you first walk in and decide whether the atmosphere is for you- you shouldn't complain.  
The food makes it SO WORTH IT!Our family went here on Dec. 23, and it was packed! So much so that they couldn't honor our 8pm reservation right away, so they sent us to their sister restaurant a block away to have drinks and then Paul (our waiter) came to get us 15 minutes later. The food is straightforward and amazing. I had the maple brined porkchop - it was moist and delicious! The gorgonzola grannysmith apple butter on top was not overpowering, adding the perfect accompniament to the dish of sweet/tart. It's a very loud room, expecially when their full, but the waiter Paul was very accomodating and professional.
I would love to go back and try the famous rack of lamb. The fact that's it's BYOB is even better - dinner for 4 was $114!I was sooo excited to try this place as I have been trying to go forever. First off its byo so i already love it...also the menu looks amazing. Over all it was a good time but let me break it down for you..
starters: 1. Antipasta for 2..awesome and enough for 4 ppl..i wouldnt normally        orderantipasta but im sure glad we did bc it was probs the best thing we ordered.
            2. Short rib flat brad..not wat i was expecting but still really good..basically its a pizza but really good....very thin crust
entrees: 1. One person got the special which was a 14oz ribeye...huuuge and he ate the whole thing! 2. One had the salmon..she wasnt impressed..i agreed..a little bland and dry. 2. 2 lbs of mussles..very good..deff get them! 3. The famous pork chop..which is what I wante to order but I let the boy order it so i could stil try it...flavors where good but it was pretty dry..dont know if it was just overcooked or what but Ive deff had better porkchops.
no deserts for us but the total for 4 ppl was 130 plus tip so it was pretty well price but there are so many more places on my list to try..i havent written the place off by any means but we wont be rushing back quite yet.Audrey Claire is easily my favorite BYOB in the city! First off, I think it stands out because this is one of the few BYOBs that isn't Italian...not that I have anything against those but ya know, sometimes it's good to switch things up. 
They do take reservations but only for indoor seating. Outdoor seating is first come, first served. To me, the best place to sit is at one of the tables outside when it's nice out. The breeze is great and it's always fun to people watch as people walk by and just enjoy the sightseeing on a somewhat busy Rittenhouse block. 
The food is amazing here. On my last visit, I came here with my mom and we shared a few appetizers and were completely stuffed! We got the hummus and warm pita, the whipped ricotta, the grilled baby artichokes, and the arugula salad. Everything was delicious! The star dishes were definitely the whipped ricotta (which was a special) and the salad which was just perfectly dressed with candied dates, lentils, warm goat cheese, and strawberries - yum! 
Definitely make a trip to Audrey Claire if you're looking a BYOB spot in the area and are craving some great Mediterranean food.Have been coming here for special occasions / date nights for several years. The wait staff is friendly and the food is always spot on. No reservations on Fridays and Saturdays and there is used to often be a wait (but we just put our name on the list, grab a drink and sit at a table at Food and Friends across the street). The wait time seems to have improved though and the past few times they were able to seat us right away. I reccomend every dish here, but their latest coffee chocolate custard is my new favorite dessert!We loved the artichokes, as well as the gorgonzola and pear flatbread! The watermelon, jalepeno, feta salad was delicious as well.  Seared brussel sprouts were okay but did not wow us as much as the other dishes. Great food but price points seemed slightly high.  Definitely recommend for tapas style with all their delicous antipasti and small plates!As a loyal yelper, I first reviewed it on here before I ever thought of actually going in for dinner. The reviews seemed generally positive, as I was looking for a nice BYOB specifically. Here is a simplified version of my thoughts:
Decor: Not important when it comes to dining, I mostly care about the food but this is a discussion point for many others on yelp so I'll throw it in. Small, plain white walls, with buckets of apples for decorations. Kitchen is in the back of the open room, totally visible. Beautiful and very clean bathroom!
Service: Less than 5 waiters/hosts, but they got the job done. We were greeted nicely and service was great. Waitress was always there when we needed her and was very kind during our meal. 
Food: The important one. 
Appetizers- 
Fig/gorgonzola flatbread (not great, quite thin and not memorable)
Roasted asparagus with feta (not memorable either, small portion)
Butternut squash soup ( i really liked this! i've had better, but this one was great too. generous portion!)
Meal- I had read about the pomegranate molasses chicken and the pork chop on yelp. I went with the pork chop. It wasn't nearly what it was cracked up to be...the menu described it as "maple brined, wild boar bacon, with gorgonzola and apple butter sauce". The serving size was very generous! But, I didn't taste any maple. The butter was just on the top of the pork chop, but it was very tall in height and smaller diameter (similar to how a filet mignon looked). Being that the butter was only the top surface, there wasnt enough to distribute to the whole chop and it was quite flavorless. Beautiful cut of meat though. The apples and bacon were great on each bite, and the asparagus and mashed potatoes were very tasty. 
The other members of the party had sole, salmon, and chicken milanese. They were happy with their choice, not disappointed, but one person we dined with was a great cook and we all agreed that his food was better than we had that night.
Overall, great service, great atmosphere, but the food was not very memorable. I still recommend to give it a try though! I don't think I'll be back, just because there are too many other places in Philly to try!I was told to order the Brussels sprouts. I never had them before and am not a huge veggie guy, but damn. They were unbelievable. The pork chop with boars bacon, I've had twice. Both times excellent. The flat breads are great, the humus sampler was great. I have never had a bad meal at this restaurant. It is my favorite restaurant and I recommend it to anyone who asks.
The tables are close together. The restaurant is small and it can get loud, but it is worth it for the food in my opinion. The waiting staff, usually a metro sexual/ hipster guy, were always very attentive and knowledgeable about all the food, their ingredients, preparation and honest opinions. 
Great restaurant. Love the BYOB as well.My second trip to Audrey Claire was last week during restaurant week, and I have to say that I was disappointed - although I attribute a lot of the flaws to it *being* restaurant week. First, we showed up with no reservations (as they typically don't take them), only to be told that they were almost booked, but could fit us in as long as we left in an hour.  We agreed and were seated.  We started chatting and after about 10 minutes our waiter came by to take our order.  When we said we hadn't even looked at the menus yet he told us rather sharply that we had "better get moving."  Having said that, he was perfectly sweet and attentive the rest of the night and gave us a little leeway on the hour.  
The food, however, was really just so-so. I had the arugula salad with lentils, goat cheese, berries, and figs.  It was fine.  A TON of arugula and not much of the rest of the ingredients.  Could easily have made a comparable salad at home.  The "grilled" Scottish salmon with lemon and herbs was extremely disappointing... it was so charred that all I really tasted was that (although the inside was cooked well).  No lemon, no herbs.  Served over sad green beans (which my dining partner also received) and a little unimaginative couscous.  The dessert sampler was actually a highlight, we did a good job of clearing the plate.  But all in all, not worth $35, and I will not be back during restaurant week.I moved away from Philadelphia about four years ago; however, I returned last week and decided to try Audrey Claire again.  Same great place -- a true Philadelphia staple that keeps performing well.
I visited here on Tuesday, October 17th at about 8:45PM with a party of two.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table; however, the person kept us informed consistently about the status of a table.  
We were seated and then served by one of the most friendly, smiling and upbeat servers ever. She was so sweet.  If only I remembered her name.  Anyway, this is a BYOB and there is no corkage fee.   We did bring our own wine and they opened and served it to us immediately.
We started by sharing a mediterranean spread which came with Pita and our choice of three dips -- all of which were fantastic; however, our favorite was the spicy hummus.   
For dinner, I had the Penne Arrabiata with the Grilled Tiger Shrimp.  It was a hefty portion for a reasonable price.
I hope Audrey Claire continues with great success.  I love this place, and will try to return the next time I am back in town.The restaurant is fine, but at least when I was there, did not live up to the hype. 
My girlfriend and I went during restaurant week which meant the menu was different than normal, (or so said our waitress). What we did order was fine, but not special.Yum, Yum, a thousand times yum!  
You will not regret taking the time to visit this Rittenhouse gem.  A BYO with an eclectic French-Mediterranean menu, this place has become a favorite for my husband and I over the past two years.  He is a very "meat and potatoes" type guy, while I enjoy a lighter cuisine.  Audrey Claire has the perfect mixture of small and big plate options that we both leave satiated and wanting to come back to try something else.
My favorites on the menu include the gorgonzola pear flatbread and butternut squash risotto.  Oh, and all the desserts.  You can't leave without trying the desserts.  
One last note - the service here is incredible.  I have ordered off the menu a few times, and once tried a salad that I didn't like.  The kitchen and staff are always accommodating and I have never left without being completely happy.Five stars except for atmosphere.  
The food was excellent. We got Salmon and Tuna entrees which were both cooked perfectly. Hummus and roasted veggies appetizers were delightful!  Desserts very good. Recommend the creme brûlée!  Service was also notably wonderful!!I've been going here for years, and keep coming back again and again.  I highly recommend sticking with a full tasting of the appetizers.  They're always the best selections on the menu, and perfect to share with a few friends or a date. 
Go during the warmer months, when all the windows are open.  It's the perfect atmosphere.
I always thought that the menu needed more frequent revisions, but all-in-all it's good.I have loved Audrey Claire for years but am simply too impatient to go as frequently as I'd like.  (Due to the well described lines on weekend nights.) 
Their staff is always friendly and seems to remember their "regulars" even if I'm only there every few months during cold weather, then constantly in the summer. I love sitting outdoors rather than in the somewhat cramped quarters inside.  (Beware of flimsy patio furniture on uneven sidewalks, though, we took a spill.) 
I die for their antipasti for two which I order for me, myself, and I.  Great salads, soups (oy, their gazpacho!) and alternating menu items.  My mom devours the pita and spreads so rapidly, they are obviously good and impossible to share, apparently.Went here with my boyfriend, such a great restaurant, and definitely worth re-visiting.  Low key and adorable inside, and BYOB ( I LOVE byob).  I had my first tuna steak ever, and it was so completely perfect.  It was perfectly cooked, and crusted in potato bits.. perfect.  I was absolutely starving, and it really hit the spot.  I forget what the bf had, we were both so hungry that we just dove in... but I think it was duck.  The only thing I don't like about this place is that the menu changes, so I can't go back and have the tuna because it's gone =(.  The upside is that it will make me try new things!Cute spot with indoor and outdoor seating. You can only make reservations for indoor seating - the outdoor seating is first come first serve. Warning, the table farthest from the door near the trees tends to attract the most mosquitos so avoid it if you can. We had to move to another table half way through dinner because we kept getting bit. 
Ordered the whipped ricotta, chicken skewers, octopus salad, and the swordfish kebabs to share amongst the 4 of us. The chicken skewers were the best, although very small portions. The whipped ricotta was average. We requested the octopus on the side so everyone could try the white bean salad. The salad was tasty and my seafood loving friend was pleasantly surprised with the octopus and swordfish. Overall, I felt that the (vegetarian/ chicken) dishes were mediocre. 
BYOB - There is a small market right across the street that sells beer and cider, in case you are running low during dinner. 
CASH only - so come prepared.So we gave Audrey Claire a second chance Wednesday night. We arrived at 7 for our reservation, they tried to seat us at the table next to the window by the front door. Normally I'd love that, but on a freezing night..NO THANKS. So the host gave us the next table over. Still freezing and the restaurant was still practically empty, we only had water at this point so we figured we'd ask to be moved to the back of the restaurant..got a big fat NOPE from our server..his only option was to move one more table over, and if you know the restaurant that is only about 4 inches over...
The tables are too small and too close together for a BYO, you're always shuffling around glasses, silverware, plates etc to try and fit whatever they bring you. And would it kill you to get some wine glasses instead of those ridiculous juice glasses???
The service is what really turns me off from this place, the servers are not attentive, short and always seem agitated. The first time we came, our server had gigantic holes/tears in the back of his jeans, so large you could see his underwear. I was surprised to see him still working there on our second visit.
The bread they bring you is cold, not warm...why? And they leave it there on that tiny little table the entire meal if you don't ask for it to be taken away.
We got the antipasta for 2, which is large enough for 4 people, the artichokes and mushrooms are great. Next we opted for the mussles, they come in a spicy red sauce that is just not good in general. You do get a whole 2 pounds which is a huge portion..but we let about 3/4 of them go because of the sauce. Before, we have had the grilled octopus which was chewy (not in the good way) and not tender. I think it was char grilled a little too long as it tasted burnt instead of char grilled. On our first trip we tried the Mediterranean dip trio. I love hummus and tzatziki but this I definitely did not love or like for that matter.. 
One of their specials of the night was an ENORMOUS rib eye steak which we shared. This thing was massive and probably THE BEST restaurant steak I have ever had. It was cooked perfectly and seasoned simply. This steak is the only saving grace of this establishment. 
Overall the prices are great for a BYO especially since it is CASH ONLY, portions are large, they make a great steak but the rest is just sub-par...I really want to like this place as it is adorable inside and out...but the service and the majority of the dishes we tried are just horrendous.Had dinner with three friends at 6.  Nice ambience, was still mostly empty.  
Service: needs a top to bottom and bottom up culture change.  BYOB but don't have wine glasses (offered large shot glasses instead).  Waiters are uniformed in raggedy old undershirts, start their recitation of specials when they're still two tables away and when you're mid-sentence, decline taking appetizer orders before entrees, and offer dessert only after you've paid the bill.  Sloppy, careless, at times borderline rude.  There were two guys serving us and both were the same. 
My pork chop was way overcooked and rubbery, the seared tuna tasted like steamed tofu, and the chioppino was served by the gallon.I live in NYC and came to Philly for the weekend.  I am trying to figure out when I can make a day trip down again just to eat at Audrey Claire!  Super intimate atmosphere, top notch food (super fresh produce, everything perfectly seasoned), great service.  There was a long wait, but the host will take your cell and call when your table is ready...was able to take that time to enjoy a bar in the neighborhood (Pub & Kitchen).  AND they're happy to store your drinks at the restaurant while you wait.  I am recommending this restaurant to everyone I know (and now everyone I don't know!).Great byo! The Caesar salad is the best I've ever had. The only draw back may be that it can get a bit loud, however I've been there 10+ times and never had a bad experience. One of the best values in philly.This place is seriously adorable. All the wait staff wear black pants and white t's which for some rest I found charming. The food is incredible. They are BYO which is always nice! I've gone twice and look forward to going again! Great place to eat outside and people watchOne of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! Cute, quaint, and BYO! I've been taken on 2 dates here, and each time I've loved it more. The parmesan brussel sprouts are one of my staples, as is the zuppa de pesce. The bowl it comes in is huge and piping hot and perfect for sharing! The braised short rib and portobello flatbread is super rich and savory (also a must) and the service is quick and waitstaff friendly. Great window or outdoor seating, depending on the season, and really simple, homey, delicious food.Constantly delicious. One of the best meals you will find in this city and my sisters favorite Restaurant. When it is warm outside there is outdoor seating. . . Just know it is a byob that only takes cash. Also you should call ahead for a reservation, there is not a lot of seating and it fills up quickly .I give Audrey Claire a four based more on the atmosphere than the food.  This a great place for taking friends, parents, or a date.  It is lively and always crowded...expect to wait if you dont have a reservation.  If you want a quiet meal, this is not your place.
As for the food, it is good, but nothing nothing memorable.  It is a BYO, so it doesn't end up being expensive, which makes it better.
Crowd is younger (and less pretentious(slightly)) than its across the street neighbor 20 Manning.  Overall a thumbs up.I have to say that Audrey Claire is one of my favorites.  We love to sit at the counter(where there is never a wait) and have a casual and simple dinner.  Go across the street to 20 Manning for a quick cocktail if you are waiting for a table (their sister rest.) and they will call you.   My mouth is watering at the thought of the gorgonzola and bosc pear flatbread with sunflower seeds(I would actually cry if they removed this from the menu), the mussels full of tomatoey, garlic sauce, and I suspect butter, to dip your bread into.  We love their small plates, as it's great to sample a bit of everything.  The grilled caesar tasted of gas unfortunately, but they have great items off the grill and the parpadelle with mushrooms was fantastic.  If you are one of the three people in this world who like brussel sprouts--try them!  Your mother would be proud. This is a simple restaurant without heavy overpowering sauces; the fare and atmosphere is full of freshness, and fun.  The service is great, unpretentious, but they do get busy.  Bring your favorite bottle, and enjoy!!I really wanted to like this place. Its beautiful with a great atmosphere. After waiting a solid hour for the main course, i don't think i'll be going back here anytime soon...or at least not when i'm starving.My daughter and I had dinner there.  We chose to sit outside due to the noise level inside.  Both the food and service were fine.  The chairs outside were very uncomfortable.  Metal edges poking my legs.  Not fun. 
On another note, what is it with these restaurants that do not accept credit cards.  It's fine if the restaurant is an $8 sandwich joint, but for an upscale restaurant with prices to match, it's damned inconvenient.  For that reason I probably would not go there again.My boyfriend and I wanted to go to Audrey claire tonight for dinner. The website said reservations were allowed Monday - Thursday only, so we did not make one since it was Sunday. When we arrived, the restaurant was half empty, and we were told at the door that they had a lot of reservations for tonight so our options were 1) sit outside int he 100 degree heat  2) sit down and eat quickly, 3) eat at the chefs table.  Given the "no reservation" policy on sunday, and the fact we were told we would have to eat quickly at a table inside, I became disgusted with the service, and we immediatly left. Prior to tonight, I was very much an advocate of this restaurant. I would never go out to dinner to "eat quickly" so probably will never go back.I really hate to give this a 3-star rating. I've been to Audrey Claire many times and had one bad experience -- so I'm really directing this review towards management. I couldn't find contact information on Audrey Claire's website so I'm sharing my thoughts here. 
I came here for my boyfriends birthday dinner with his family -- 5 people total. It happened to be restaurant week when we came and our waitress was rude. I asked her what the popular dishes were and she rolled her eyes and said "obviously it depends on what you like". My boyfriends father asked about her tattoo because he thought it was interesting and she just annoyingly said "it's a gear". 
At the end, she charged us a 20% gratuity on top of our bill. From my understanding, this was only the rule when 6+ people are at a table and we had 5. I would've paid 20% tip, but I still think the waitress should've been friendly enough to provide us with a pleasant dining experience. Although the food was good per usual, I felt sour about the treatment. The poor service unfortunately overshadowed the good food and dinner with company I don't see too often.Good food, hard to get in on weekends.  Good date spot but more than two people difficult to seat.Last night was our first time at Audrey Clair and it shan't be our last!; we LOVED everything about it!Small and cozy restaurant. and BYOB!!! yay!!! (Oh but cash only)
There is a liquor store right in front of the restaurant so you can pick a bottle up from there. 
For me, i didn't know so I had to explore to find a liquor store. ;( 
I've heard good things about this restaurant and YES.. the food met my expectations. 
The mussel we ordered for an appetizer was really good. 
I ordered salmon for my plate which just so-so but my friend's porkchop was AMAZING! 
I don't like meat so much but it is cooked just right. 
Very very delicious! :) 
I'm gonna be back soon to this restaurant. My foodie friend from ny loved this restaurant too.Wow... As is "wow that was so disappointing." Hadn't been to this rittenhouse mainstay for a couple of years and the entire experience was severely disappointing. We had the octopus to start. Octopus was well cooked but non chalantly thrown on some iceberg lettuce and some tomatoes with some vinaigrette. My girlfriend had the duck. It was dry and flavorless. The whole dish was pretty much flavorless except for the overpowering lentils. I had the pork chop. It was gigantic but overcooked. Potatoes and asparagus fine.  If this place would have opened now, it would fail given the many superior choices these days. Ambiance is crap, sitting on my neighbors Lapp essentially. wait staff ok, but he failed to tell is about any specials. Didn't realize there were any until we overheard another waiter. We waited across the street at 20 manning for the table, which I don't have a problem with, but the staff there was so ... Indifferent. Both places exude indifference on all fronts. Had pretty good memories of this place from 8 years back, but this place is not worth the wait or the money.Came for restaurant week. Stayed for the noms. Incredible pork chop and Brussels sprouts. Signature BYOB in Philly. Great spot for date night. Don't take reservations on Fridays or Saturdays, so can be a gamble.would have been five stars if the service had been better. I understand that when I went, the restaurant was pretty full, but our server sometimes just completely ignored us, which wasn't appreciated.
Atmosphere: cozy, warm, small, very nice. If I come back, I'd want to sit at the counter facing the kitchen. 
Food: I went for RW. To start off, I got the arugula salad, and she had the butternut squash soup - both were amazing. I especially loved the slightly sweet dressing they used on the arugula salad.
For entrees, I got the lemon shallot crusted sole. It was ok, but nothing particularly noteworthy. A bit too salty with the shallot crust on the sole. My friend, however, got the maple brined pork chop, which was delicious, and I should've gotten it. 
For dessert, I opted from the banana bread pudding. I was so full at this point, but I had to try it, and it was very good. Dense, sweet banana bread in chunks covered in a caramel-like sauce and topped with dollops of freshly whipped cream. mmmm. My friend got the warm chocolate cake (it was one of those lava-cake type things), which she loved.
I'll have to come back to further judge Audrey Claire, but it made a good first impression. Maybe I'll come back another time not during restaurant week to see if their food will really blow me away.I've been wanting to try AC for about 5 years now-- never had the opportunity and then I moved, but now I'm back in Philly I felt it was time to finally get here!  We ordered 3 items
-Octopus salad with feta: awesome! Light, crisp, flavorful and the octopus was cooked to perfection
-Penne arrabiata with tiger shrimp: again, awesome! Perfectly spicy, shrimp were large and extremely fresh.
-Seared Ahi Tuna with cous cous and string beans:  Everything about this dish just failed.  I can see how it COULD have tasted good, but unfortunately there must have been an error in the execution.  The Tuna was cold & soggy, the cous cous was so overcooked it tasted like baby food, and the string beans tasted like dirt...  It honestly tasted like that kitchen cooked it too fast, and then attempted to nuke it in the microwave to heat it up, but it just turned to mush instead.
I want to like you AC, I will come back to see if this was just a mishap, and I will review you again... but in the meantime I could only muster up a 3 star.This restaurant is very cozy. A perfect spot for a romantic date in a semi-casual atmosphere. It got crowded very quickly, but there is enough space between tables to sit without rubbing elbows with your dining neighbor. 
Our appetizers and salad were okay - nothing really stood out. 
The pork chops were delicious - perhaps the best pork chops I've had since the beginning of time. And I don't even like pork. 
After hearing an overview of the specials, we also decided to try the branzino, which came with a side of pearl pasta and green beans. I don't know what they did to this dish, but everything tasted like its soul was sucked out of it. There's a big difference between fish that is tender and fish that has been zombified. Everything on the dish crumbled upon contact - even more so than baby food... except baby food has more flavor. 
For dessert, I shouldn't have picked the banana bread pudding. I'm no pastry chef, but I made better bread pudding on my first try. Maybe their other desserts taste better. 
For the price range, it's really hard to give my experience here more than 3 stars. Service points could have favorably tipped the scale, but I don't think our server tried to offer the best service he could give.The menu for this place looked really good, so I picked this place to have dinner with a friend. We ordered the roasted brussels sprouts, the short rib flatbread, and the pappardelle. The bruseels sprouts were really good and cooked perfectly. The short rib flatbread came with braised short rib, portobello, and truffle oil. This one was all right. The pappardelle (which is my favorite pasta noodle) came with portobello mushrooms, arugula, sunflower seeds, and shaved locatelli cheese. This pasta dish was also good, but it was a tad bland - it could've used a little more flavor, though I'm not sure what. 
The service was really great - our attentive server came by a few times to check on us and to refill our waters. The interior is really simple - there's nothing on the walls, but there were beautiful bouquets of tulips. It kind of felt like we were in someone's home eating dinner (with many other guests) and you could also kind of see into the kitchen. The place is not huge, and the tables are set up really close to each other. 
This place is cash only, so make sure you bring some ahead of time. They also take check, which is kind of weird, but I guess if you carry a checkbook around, that's also an option for you. The place is also BYOB, which is awesome. I saw lots of parties bring in their own bottles of wine. My friend and I didn't partake, but I did notice when leaving the restaurant later, that there was a store selling alcohol across the street! Convenient!I'll echo what others have said about the location.  This is a prime spot.  The food was great.  We started with the pear and gorgonzola flat bread - delish!  I'm a big cheese fan and this had just the right ratio of gorgonzola to pear.  For dinner I had the maple brined pork chop.  It was good, although I'd say not as yummy as the flat bread.  
My only complaints are small: The wait staff was a bit slow.  However, it was a busy Friday night so that is to be expected.  And, the sound level was quite high (why do restaurants design with all hard surfaces?), making it hard to hear my dinner mates.  This is definitely a place I'd go again!Name a better pork chop? I'll wait...didn't think so. Audrey Claire is a gem. If this place ever changed or went under the neighborhood would be close behind. Its a perfect warm weather, friday night, outdoor dinner spot. It's nice because being on Spruce you still have some of the foot traffic, but you don't have much of the loud car traffic you might have on streets such as Lombard or those closer to Market. I recommend obviously the pork chop.My boyfriend and I got here at 6:30pm and didn't have a reservation, but we were lucky enough to get some of the last remaining seats at the "chef's counter", where we got to watch the food being prepared. We were served some bread and oil, which were ok, though the oil could have used some herbs/spices/salt/pepper in it. I ordered the lemon-shallot sole, which was tasty, cooked perfectly, and in a good amount of butter, but which was seriously over-salted. It came with some over-cooked green beans and a decent pearl cous-cous. I would give it three stars. My boyfriend got the duck breast with sweet potato puree, apple-date butter, and salad, which was much more impressive than the sole. The duck was on the rare side of "medium-rare", which was fine for us, but take note if you like your meat more cooked. The duck paired perfectly with the sweet potato and butter, and the salad was fine. This place is BYOB, so we had stopped beforehand to get some red wine, and we were glad not to pay markup for wine, since the bill was already a bit over $50 (including tip) for our two entrees. For me, Audrey Claire earned the fourth star because of our waiter. He was friendly throughout the meal, and when we stood waiting to exit for several minutes while a large party seemed unable to figure out how they wanted to seat themselves, he said, "follow me; I'm breaking through", and proceeded to act as our offensive lineman, making a path so we could get over to the door.I don't know why this place is so popular. I've eaten here three times and always leave disappointed. Their dishes are basic and poorly done.First off, I love BYOBs! I wish we had more of these in DC. Secondly, the prices are really reasonable for great food and service. The ingredients are so fresh!
They don't take reservations on weekends, but we were prepared for that with backup reservations at another restaurant. We arrived at 8 p.m. and the wait was 30 minutes, which wasn't too bad. 
We were seated in the middle of the restaurant against a wall near the window. It was loud, especially because of a table of annoying jersey shore type women who felt like they had talk as loudly as possible so that everyone at the restaurant could hear them.
The food made up for the boisterous table, however. We started out with the bosc pear and gorgonzola flatbread. It was warm and cheesy goodness that went wonderfully with the Oregon cabernet sauvignon we brought. 
We had the grilled octopus salad with feta, which was good, but I'd probably not order it again. The octopus was tender and tasty, but the feta and salad dressing overpowered the octopus. 
We also had the feta and garlic crusted baby rack of lamb w/fresh mint and dill labne. I never would have imagined breading lamb, but it was surprisingly good. The lamb was tender and perfectly cooked at medium rare. The mint and dill labne was thick, like it was made with Greek yogurt; and the mashed potatoes were to die for.  The asparagus added a nice color the dish. I can see why this dish is among the most popular dinner entrees here. 
If I were to start a restaurant, it would be similar to Audrey Claire.  Fresh, simple, and delicious.Yes!  I am a fan.  I'm also lucky enough to live just around the block from this restaurant!  
I've been here a few times and I've shared the dishes family style every time.
I enjoyed the following:
Brussels sprouts are delicious
Short rib flatbread was tasty but next time I want to try the one with fig
Grilled octopus salad - great flavor, octopus a tad bit overcooked but overall a great salad.
Caesar Salad - this is no ordinary caesar salad.  first they grill half a head of the caesar lettuce.  plop it on a plate w/ dressing, shaved parm, and some crispy wonton like skins.  huge and delicious and $9.
BYOB.  low key and cute inside.  very lively on a Friday night.
I will be back for sure!Service was good, outdoor seating nice. Inside smelled a little antiseptic but overall I would say it was a good experience. The food was good, I would recommend the starters, veggies were good.My experience may not be representative of a typical night at Audrey Claire's since I went for V-day and got their fixed, Valentine's menu.  That being said, my night was so great I just have to give 5 stars regardless.
Our waiter was awesome, described everything on the menu well and gave us great recommendations and service.  
Oh but the food.  Our starters: salmon tartar in tzatziki with great quality fish and a beautiful, creamy and delicious cauliflower vichysoise .  I don't even like cauliflower, but this was one of the highlights of my night.  It was topped with a nice little dollop of red fish eggs that looked beautiful as I swirled it around in my cup.  Very sad when I finished the last drop.
Next course we decided on the adobo pork belly and foie gras creme brulee.  The latter was great, if a little more than we could eat.  The former blew my mind.  Oh if only have more.  I would have licked the rest of my soy vinegar jus off the plate if no one had been around.
The second meat course, we got the fish (sorry I can't recall what it was) with farroh and the short rib with potatoes and fried chickpea.  The fish was good, but that short rib.  So savory and tender, I thought my tongue might melt.  My boyfriend and I fought over the last bits.
For dessert we had an AMAZING bread pudding with banana in it.  I still have dreams of this bread pudding.  Not too rich or sweet, just perfect.  We also got a wine poached(?) pear, which was good but we should have gone with our server's recommendation of the rice pudding (he knew what was up, this guy!).
Honestly one of the best meals of my life.  I'll have to check out the regular menu sometime, but this will definitely be my go-to V-day spot.We finally made it last Friday night for dinner.  The decor is typical BYOB with bare walls, open kitchen etc.  We were glad we didn't have to wait for a table of two but we were seated in the middle of 2 other 2-tops.  If we weren't so darned likable and friendly this could have been a negative but we chatted up all our almost-table-mates.
The food was the low point honestly.  We split a flatbread which had pear, sunflower seeds (yum), honey and maybe goat cheese.  It was reminiscent of one that we buy at trader joe's but fresher -- not a ringing endorsement.  There was a green salad with crostini and goat cheese.  The salad was pretty good but the bread topped with goat cheese was distinctly stale, another check in the negative columns.
Our server was attentive and very likable and the staff overall was really nice.  
I got the ostrich fillet special as my main course.  I'd never had ostrich and it was pretty good but I could distinctly taste the charred bits from the grill in not a good way.  It was accompanied by mashed potatoes and spinach which were the highlights of the entire evening.  We skipped dessert but the chalkboard specials looked really enticing.
We won't be back, it was just too underwhelming and for us there are better options in thais price point.Food is always amazing here. I sometimes close my eyes and randomly pick things off their menu and i have always been impressed. I normally go for their specials though- great food and great serviceWent here in March 2008 on a weekend trip to Philly with the bf.  It was highly recommended by several people.  Had:
- Grilled baby romaine caesar: Yummy but nothing special.
- Duck breast: Flavorful, but again, nothing special.
The atmosphere was nice and the service was good, but I wasn't too impressed by the creativity of food.Wonderful BYOB spot! We came here for my mother's birthday and we were impressed by the excellent service and delicious food. 
Our favorite dish was the mussel appetizer (the tomato broth was so delicious). Additionally, the branzino was another hit amongst our group. 
The only "con" I would have is that if you are sitting inside, the volume in the restaurant can get quite loud if they are at full capacity. It wasn't severe enough to effect our dining experience, but just something to take note if you are looking for a quiet spot.Went here with my husband a saturday evening, we arrived around 5 pm, then it was empty but the restaurant became full very fast. We tried:
- Antipasti for two :(
The flavors did not get together, there was no common thread. Just a lot of hot vegetables on a plate, boring. Avoid it!
- Short Rib Flatbread :I
Nice, didn´t taste so much but ok.
Like a smaller pizza, perfect to share if you are 4 persons.
- Seared halloumi w/ candied dates and sesame fig compote :)
This was the best we ate, very good combination of salt and sweet, crunchy and soft.
4 pieces of cheese, perfect to share for 2 persons.
- Grilled octopus w/ feta, extra-virgin olive oil, lemon over green :)
This was more like salad, sadly the feta cheese was the only taste we could taste, but it was fresh and big, almost like a main dish. 
- Grilled tiger shrimp and roasted sweet potatoes w/ baby arugula :)
The shrimps was good and perfect cooked, the sweet potato pure was also nice.
4 shrimps, good to share for 2 persons.
The menu was a bit variable, some dishes were amazing while others were less good. But if you find the good ones, this place is perfect! It feels like a European restaurant which I like a lot. And the staff was very friendly, we will definitely come back!If you don't like it, then it's probably because your expectations were too high and far removed from realizing that this place does you a solid. 
Real green apples, nice decor, and the bustle in the teeny weeny restaurant that anchors the neighborhoods shy of Rittenhouse. 
Mussels. A must. The waiter's never seen the bowl so CLEAN when BF and I are there.  
For the main, BF and I went all sorts of fishy; I got the lemon sole (the sucker swam in butter, I SURMISE) and he got the tuna that was cooked one way: rare. He liked it so much that he declined my lemon sole, saying "No lemon sole. I want to keep this taste on my tongue." 
And on previous occasions, I remember the pork being good. For the appetizers, the hummus plate rings "oh-I-can-make-that" while the figs (just THREE figs) are nom-nom-GONE.
BYOB!!! eek eek eek! 
Bill came out to ~$75 or so. Despite the long wait (recently, they've started taking reservations) and the occasional stinginess with the bread ("We're running low, but I'll see what I can do")...we return every so often. To indulge. 
Note: Don't sit inside unless you know sign language. New form of communication for Audrey Clair interiors. And the sidewalk tables are slightly tilted. For those of you with core balancing issues.The short-rib flat bread is incredible. The pork chop is its signature dish. It is juicy and hearty. The service is slow but the food is worth it.My recent visit to the loved Audrey Claire was a bit underwhelming.
The pear and Gorgonzola flatbread was my friend'a favorite. It's a nice balance. Just remember that Gorgonzola can be quite strong.
The octopus salad is the best. I could have this salad everyday. Great balance and mix of ingredients. Not overly dressed. Perfect.
The bread you get for free just plain old sucks. Sorry, is rather you just got have given me that bread (or maybe my fault for eating it).
The rack of lamb dish we order had some fantasticly thick mashed potatoes. I wasn't in love with the rack being breaded. It didn't really add anything. Rack of lamb was cool well though. Salty asparagus. Tons of yogurt for the lamb. It was more a side dish than a dipping sauce. Way too much yogurt.
The molten lava cake was more like lukewarm lava cake with no lava in the middle. Very Mediocre.
Overall, I knew the octopus salad would be the bomb because I've had it before. Everything else was ehhh.
Service was friendly and okay.My husband and I went last night. The ambiance and service was great. We sat inside by a window.
I have been there about two years ago but for some reason last night didn't hold up to my great memory.
We ordered meditarraen olives and beet salad to start. The beet salad was a little bland and I felt it could have been dressed with something. It was fresh but was just literally beets and oranges. It did have a small drizzle of black truffle emulsion. .. but that tasted like nothing.
For entrees I order the small plate of grilled octopus over greens. .. it was good. There could have been more octopus. My husband ordered tiger shrimp with a pineapple jicama slaw. Again... it was just very bland. Needs some salt and pepper or some finishing oil. 
It was a nice dinner.. but left me a little dissspointed.Awesome food. Disappointed in the glasses for byob. How is one supposed to drink a nice bottle in a glass that is smaller than the glass they give you for water? In any case, their food was really good. Got the watermelon feta salad which was amazing. The halloumi was burned to a crisp and was terrible so for that and for the tiny glasses, they lose a star.We visited this past weekend and went early enough that we were able to sit outside. Definitely try to get there earlier so you can snag an intimate table outside. The inside appeared to be a little close quarters between tables.
Our waitress was pleasant and patient. We never felt rushed at any point. 
The appetizers were delicious. The Brussels Sprouts with shaved Parmesan were delicious. The special was a tomato based soup, that had just the right amount of tang to it. We even decided to splurge and try the pear and Gorgonzola flat bread, which again was delicious.
We had the shrimp and pork chop as our main dishes. The shrimp was a heaping amount served with a yummy pineapple salsa. The pork chop was thick and juicy, not to mention the mashed potatoes were good.
Overall we really enjoyed the whole experience - not to mention it's a BYOB. Don't forget that it's cash only too.
Definitely Recommend.The food was absolutely fantastic.  I mean, fantastic.  From the mussels to the houlimi (AMAZING), to the arugula salad with warm goat cheese (AWESOME), to the pear gorgonzola flatbread, to the rib eye steak (with the most amazing "ham of the woods" mushrooms).  Our waitress was friendly, but not annoyingly so.  She was helpful and credible.  I was so full by the time the desserts came that I thought I couldn't eat one more bite, but apparently I thought wrong b/c I went at the creme brulee and panna catta like I hadn't eaten in a month.  We waited a while for a table, but just opened up a couple bottles of wine and sat outside enjoying the night.  The food made was great.  Well done guys, I'll be back.The watermelon feta salad with jalapenos is absolutely the most delicious salad on earth. I could go to Audrey Claire, just order this dish (maybe 2 or 3) and be absolutely content. I've been here a few times and have only been unhappy with one dish, the gazpacho. Otherwise, the flat breads, grilled artichokes, shrimp sweet potato salad, grilled fish, ribeye, etc. etc. were wonderful. I would have taken one star off for the service we had last night. It was painful listening to the waitress trying to recall the specials menu. She poured water all over the place when she tried to refill our glasses. Took forever to get our order in and actually came back to double check if she had written it down correctly (and she didn't). We waited forever for our entrees, with no apologies or remorse. It was a late dinner after 9pm. Her only redeeming quality was that she was unorganized enough not to charge us for dessert and coffee. Felt slightly guilty but entitled.This place is great but way too small. My friends and I met up for dinner. We were told they didn't take reservations and waited with several other groups outside in the freezing cold for 2 hours (no exaggeration , it was literally 2 hours) for a table. I would've left but my friends insisted on eating here. All of the food was excellent. I had the lamb. This place is Byob. Would I return here ? Yes if there were no wait or they took reservations. Otherwise , no ! There are too many great dining options in this city to wait  2 hours for a table. If our wait was a reasonable amount of time I would've definitely given this place 5 stars.Took my girlfriend here on a last-minute date. We both had the Penne Arrabbiata, one with shrimp and one without. The food was quite good, bonus points for making a dish that is supposed to be a bit spicy taste so. The ability to bring a bottle is also always nice. 
However, for a Sunday night it was quite noisy and the waiting staff was a little unfriendly at times. Overall, a slightly above mediocre experience, I would go again but only if someone else specifically wanted to eat there.I think that A-OK perfectly describes this spot. It's a very cute, very small BYO tucked away at the northwest corner of 20th and Spruce in the Rittenhouse area. Everything about this restaurant was just right.. Nothing spectacular, but a just right neighborhood restaurant. The food wasn't dazzling, but it was certainly satisfying. The prices were a bit high, but not as high as others in the area, and within range of standard BYOs. The noise level was standard, loud enough that we couldn't hear very quiet talkers well, but not so loud it was distracting. The service was attentive if somewhat moody. 
I was there with a party of 6, and the key highlights from our orders were definitely the mussels, the brussel sprouts, and all three flatbreads. As I read the other reviews, it seems like a common complaint was that a meat dish was over- or undercooked. We ordered primarily small dishes from the antipasta and appetizer menus, no main plates. 
The big update is that they now take reservations Sun-Thurs, so it's not as difficult to get a spot any more!My visit to Audrey Claire was pretty enjoyable! I took my mom for a nice dinner while she was in town and we were happy with the friendly service and the good, simple food. I highly suggest going to this cute little byob if you want good small plates and a cozy, fresh atmosphere. The menu is pretty large and they always have local, seasonal specials, which I really liked. 
We decided on the antipasti for two, which was really simple but insanely delicious. It included tons of grilled veggies that were seasoned perfectly. I loved the grilled baby artichokes- they had a lovely vinaigrette on them. I didn't realize that the antipasti was just veggies and a little cheese until we got it, but we were pleased nevertheless. We also had the mussels, which were considered a small plate. What a steal! Tons of delicious mussels in a spectacular broth- some of the best I've had in the city. A great amount of mussels for the price. 
The one downfall to our dinner was the entree. We got the steak special of the night and though the steak was huge (enough to share for 2) it was nothing special. It literally was a huge piece of meat with some tomato wedges on the side. It was cooked okay, but I've definitely had better steaks.
The biggest surprise for me was the desserts- we got the rice pudding and the creme brulee. OH MY GOODNESS. Both were huge surprises. Yummy!
Overall our experience was good. I definitely suggest getting just a ton of small plates and sharing among your group. And don't forget dessert!Really great. Chicken done perfect. Sole was soulful. Shrimp massive. Setting was perfect. Always wanted to come here. It was a great night, great food.Lovely quaint spot in Rittenhouse Square. I sat outside with my boyfriend around 630 PM. Most of the tables were full outside. They only had one server for the outdoor area so the service was understandably on the slow side. We had mussels to start- they were delicious. I had the penne arrabiata- it was good but not my favorite pasta. My boyfriend had the steak special which he loved. The restaurant is BYOB but they have tiny little glasses for your wine that are smaller than the water glasses. It feels odd drinking a nice bottle of wine out of such a small glass. Overall, great spot for dinner.Cute & Delicious BYO (even if they are cash only)!  Loved this place - simple, but simply amazing!  It's a BYO so we showed up with plenty of drinks.  They take reservations Sun-Thurs, and we had made a reservation.  They were ready for us, we only ad about a 5 min wait when we arrived as they set up our table.  They were PACKED for a Sunday, but it was Memorial Day so maybe that's why.  
My friends got the grilled corn on the cob - and they literally didn't speak a word until the corn was gone.  I wish i had tried it - they said it was one of the most delicious things they had ever eaten.  I shared the mozzarella & tomato salad - and it was great, very fresh but I was a little jealous of the corn.  
Our table had 2 pork chops, 1 chicken dish and the shrimp penne.  Everything was very well prepared and presented.  The mashed potatoes were phenomenal.  The penne is spicier than I would have expected which I really liked.  The pork was good but not as delicous as the other two dishes.  
Service was excellent despite being very busy - they provided wine buckets for our bottles of wine.  The staff was really fun joking around with us and suggesting places for us to go out afterwards.  
GREAT experience, will definitely be back.Not impressed at all. The service was absolutely terrible. We were waiting for a friend to join us and until then we couldn't order an appetizer or get any service. Once we ordered our food, it took a very long time to arrive. Then , only  3 of us received our entree, while waiting 15 min for the 4th entree to be served. I ordered the sole and it was very oily.  Once we got our check and asked for change, we were given $10 short of the change. It was very loud inside and overall not a pleasant experience.We went here for the first time tonight. Didn't know that they usually are full if you don't have a reservation, but they were able seat us at the bar. The food was excellent & service was superb. The wait staff was very friendly. It was fun to sit at the bar & watch the kitchen buzz. It's BYOB, but no corking fee! Cash only. I will go again for sure & will recommend.Trendy place with a nice vibe, cool menu.  I thought the food was really good!  It is a little cramped, but the design did add to the charm.
I would go back here again, just to try something else from the awesome menu!I was a huge huge fan of this place. The first time I went was with a large group of people close to 10. We made a reservation and we had to order the $35 prixe fix meal that was three courses. I was blown away by the appetizers. It was a family sharing style, so I loved how we got to try multiple plates of food. The vegetable plate was soo sooo good and had lots of variety of veggies. The arugula salad was delicious and so was the cheese/pear flatbread. I ordered the salmon entree, which was a pretty typical salmon dish but still good. If going back, I might order the chicken instead. Dessert was awesome because we got to try every type of dessert they had. The chocolate cake and crem brulee were my favs! The apps won the night!Hands down, this might be my new BYOB joint. I would give this place a perfect score but I didn't cause my bronzoni wasn't properly cleaned. I do plan on going back again and frequently. (Let's see if Audrey Claire can win that last star from me next time around!)
I took my girlfriend out for her bday dinner. We order the Antipasto for 2, the Grilled Octopus Salad, the PEI Mussels, and the whole Grilled Bronzoni. 
* Antipasto for 2:  It was really well put together. (3.5 out of 5). I really enjoyed the grilled beets, sweet potatoes, brussels sprout, and the sun dried caprese salad drizzled with olive oil. Definitely "a little bit of everything" as advertised. 
* Grilled octopus w/ feta, extra-virgin olive oil, lemon over greens: It's okay. (3 out of 5)....We didn't connect the "over greens" to be "salad" until the dish arrived. We thought it was just grilled octopus over little bit of micro green. We could have skip it to make room for others on the menu if we know it was a full Salad with chopped octopus on top. The Duck Breast entree over the next table looks delicious!
* 2 lb of PEI Mussels: (4 out of 5)! Simple, great solid flavors...the broth really just hit the spot. It was little chilly outside that night. Just the right amount of heat, just the right kick. 
* Grilled Whole Bronzoni (served head to tail) - (4.75 out of 5). I love how this was grilled whole in the salamanders. I have to tip my hat off to the chef. Prefect control of the fire, grilled perfectly and evenly. Simply cooked, stuffed with lemon rubbed with EVO, and a little bit of salt. hmmm..hmmm..hmmm. I would give it a perfect 5 only if they didn't accidently leave a part of the gill in the fish.The food here is excellent.  The appetizers are structured so that you get a couple to share and there are some interesting selections.  I have always found the flatbreads to be tasty, particularly the Bosc pear and Gorgonzola.
It can get pretty loud when it is full, as it follows the typical Philly corner BYOB plan of packing in lots of people into a small room but I have never had to raise my voice to be heard at the other end of the table.
Contrary to some comments on here, I like the open kitchen and am always interested to watch the Chefs working.  It is now a big thing in Europe to have a "Chefs Table" where you can watch the Chef work from within the kitchen and the open plan layout of Audrey Claire allows you to do this without the premium.
I took my Parents here and they would agree with my comments.  They were a little disappointed with one main course, as it was a little sweet but it was only a minor complaint.
In a nutshell, the food is great, it is pretty good value and I've always found the staff to be courteous.Audrey Claire is a small BYOB near Rittenhouse, and it is a force to be reckoned with. The menu meets a number of needs. If you want something delectable and light, they have that. If you want something more substantial, they will satisfy your craving. If you want a delicious dessert, they hit the spot. The service is great, the food is superb, and the location is wonderful. 
During my visit, I had the truffled braised short rib flatbread (that's a mouthful, double entendre intended) and a hummus variety plate. Both were phenomenal, especially the flatbread.
The only drawback is that the space is so small, and the outdoor seating is a bit congested/doesn't allow for the cleanest experience. 
Bottom line: I would happily go back, and I'd love to try more of the menu.Terrible service. Sat us 1 hour past our reservation time with little apologies. Sold out of nearly everything. I will never come back here. The condescending hipster waiters should lose the attitude too.The build-up to coming to this place was unreal, I tried on a weekly basis for about 2 months to get a reservation at a decent hour but failed every time. I was like WTF do they put cocaine in thier food? I finally got a reservation and now the excitement was at the apex. So we had apps, entrees, desert and it was A-OK just an average 3 star restaurant in my opinion. The ingredients were all amazing and fresh, however I feel like the flavours could have been a lot more complex. For example. I ordered the lamb shank; the lamb was perfect cooked amazingly but didn't come together because the spice mix and flavour blend was missing. Thats why I have to give this place 3 stars.We waited for an hour and a half for dinner on Friday night, so we were expecting a lot to wow us after that. 
We sat outside (we had the dog), and brought a nice bottle of apple wine to get in the fall mood. 
Split the pumpkin soup with crispy beets, and can honestly say it was the best soup I have ever had, hands down. So creamy and sinful, worth every mile I had to run to work it off :)
Got the beets with the orange, and they were ok. Nothing special. 
Also got the mussels. Was kind of disappointed because they were really tiny and over-cooked. And the sauce was really watery and lacking in flavor, we didn't even dip bread in it, which says a lot for us. 
Waiter was awesome, he forgot to add the mussels onto the order so he comped the soup. Really sweet of him. We'll definitely be back on a not so busy night.I would eat here every day of the week if I could.  And I sort of could, because they are open every day, including Monday, which is awesome.  Better to go on a random night like a Monday, or to eat early (like 5:30) because they always have lots of reservations.  
The food is beyond delicious.  Bring a bottle of wine, cash, and your appetites.This place is one my favorite places to eat in philadelphia,granted the location on a nice day has alot to do w/ it. The food is pretty good too, I would avoid the pork and steak, not that they are bad but they are not great. However their fish is tops (skate, red snapper or whatever the special is for the day). Their hummus and other spreads for their flat bread are amazing. As a self proclaim carnivore I have to say their grilled vegetable appetizer is also fantastic. I usually do not particularly care for asparagus or brussel sprouts, but apparently ma dukes just did not make them right. I hear the lamb is very good too but have yet to try. Overall a good byob w/ a simple and clean decor that is priced reasonable.Good service, good BYO. They messed up our reservation, because Audrey Claire shares a phone number with 20 Manning so be sure to specify which restaurant - Audrey Claire does not take reservations on weekends and 20 Manning does. Nonetheless, once seated after a short wait they were very gracious as they apologized with complementary bottled still water and hummus platter which was very good. The entrees (risotto, tuna, and chicken breast) were all very good, each with a unique touch. 
We were seated inside and it was a bit loud because of the cozy space and hardwood floors.Living in Center City during the rain is an ideal situation to be in when you're trying to go out for a nice dinner with a gal pal. The restaurants are emptier, the service is more attentive, and the warmth inside of a cozy spot like Audrey Claire is palpable relative to the chilly drizzle outside.
Seasonally, the green apples on the tables have been replaced with tiny pumpkins. Speaking of pumpkin, it played a solid role on the menu, featuring in a pumpkin hummus and roasted pumpkin salad. My buddy and I started the night off with the pear and gorgonzola flatbread, a go-to first course for us. We also both ordered our salads (her - grilled caesar, and a roasted pumpkin, parsnip, and shaved locatelli for me). While we waited, we enjoyed our bread with a side of olive oil. Over the course of the evening, we enjoyed two "baskets" (read: loaf pans) of the bread, the first being INCREDIBLY delicious and the second tasting faintly like a grocery store baguette... That didn't stop us from gabbing and giggling over tiny tumblers of our BYOBs of choice (Malbec for my buddy and German beer for this chick).
The flatbread was crispy, salty, and sweet (as it always is). A perfect starter. Perfect timing, right as we finished our flatbread, our salads were brought over to our table. Delicious, fresh ground pepper finished it up nicely. Every bite was delicious, and their to-go containers felt very secure when I couldn't quite finish my salad.
Oddly enough, though, one major standout from the night to me was the oasis of the bathroom. Truly a stellar restroom experience, when that door shut, the din of the fairly loud restaurant was brought down to almost a whisper. Whatever potpourri or spray they're using in there, I want to bottle and use at home all the time. The soap was a nice quality, the decorator did a bang up job in there, and it almost made me want to spend more time in the bathroom than in the restaurant itself. Luckily, the promise of a creme brulee lured me out of the restroom and back to my table for a decadent dessert.
Cash only, reservations accepted Sunday through Thursday but come the weekends, you're on your own.  The prices, IMHO, aren't outrageous, and the service is grade-A.A cute intimate byo that is a stable of philly. Everything that we ordered came out delicious. Loved the ambiance and feel of Audrey Claire. Will definitely be back.Our party of two dropped by for dinner on a weekday night in August sans reservation. We were greeted by a friendly male server and promptly seated outside.
Flatbread with Braised Short Rib, Portobello, Melted Fontina Cheese, & Truffle Oil - 3.5 out of 5
Sort of like a small pizza, the flatbread dough was thin and shaped into a round. It was more like a thin cracker. The edges were completely cooked through and crispy. I liked the use of the Fontina cheese, it was more flavorful than a mozzarella but less intense than a Pecorino. It gave a nice salty twang to the dish and it helped highlight the soft sweetness of the short ribs. Still, this dish fell short somehow; it needed some acid or some drizzled reduction on top for it to taste complete.
Bloody Beets and Sunkist Orange with Black Truffle Vinaigrette - 2 out of 5
This dish, ordered as an appetizer, arrived in a small bowl. The beets, cut into small blocks, were paired with two equally chilled orange heart sections on top. Flavor-wise, we both did not taste the truffle at all. These beets tasted boiled, as opposed to roasted (or a combination of the two), and therefore they did not have the caramelized sugar and earthy taste that an oven imparts. Overall, this dish was bland as there was zero seasoning. Taste aside, the textures were nice.
Seared Brussels Sprouts with Shaved Parmesan - 3 out of 5
There were about three large halved Brussels Sprouts that were seared and a little crispy. They were tossed in olive oil and topped with shaved Parmagiano Reggiano. These were kind of undercooked and kind of bland. I liked the idea of Parmesan, but the slabs of cheese were too thick and large to really incorporate with the sprouts. In summary, the presentation was too rustic; everything had to be cut a lot and mixed together. Like the beets, these could have been exponentially better with salt and pepper.
Marinated Mozzarella Salad with Heirloom Tomatoes, Israeli Basil, & Pancetta Lardons - 3 out of 5
I appreciated the simplicity of the three 1/4-in. thick rounds of mozzarella, tossed in olive oil, and topped with large sections of a tomato. One of the most important things in a fresh tomato is the texture. [Gritty, foamy tomato meat results from refrigeration.] These tomatoes tasted refrigerated, and as a result the flavor dulled significantly. The mozzarella was average. Pancetta lardons, little salty brilliant bits, were sprinkled on the plate.
Grilled Octopus with Feta, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, & Lemon, over Greens - 4 out of 5
I'll preface this review by stating that I'm not a fan of octopus. However, I always retry food I don't like again and again to hopefully acquire a taste for it. That said, this was my favorite dish. The octopus was grilled to perfection. It was tender and lightly charred. I also loved the mild feta dressing on the salad.
Service -
Hit or miss. Our main server, a young woman with brown hair, seemed unenthusiastic. She didn't greet us and there weren't any pleasantries with her service. There was a food runner/server assistant, a super cool and friendly guy with short (or no?) hair who kept an eye on us. He really did end up taking care of us well and we tipped him commensurate to our appreciation.Everything seems so fresh. Presentation is amazing. Really tasty food. Some of the best desserts in town! Enjoyed the staff!I've been a frequentor of AC for years, and have always bit my tongue when it came to the consistently grotesque service offered up by front of house, wait staff, bus staff, etc.  The food is on the higher end of mediocre (their mussels in red range from "a little fishy" to "finding Nemo", so you just have to catch them on a better night), the location is convenient, and the prices are light on the wallet.  My last visit, however, was so horrendous, I fear (in the most insincere of ways) I'll never go back.
Here goes nothin'...
A group of us put our name in around 7:15, knowing it'd be quite a long wait on a Saturday night.  We were told we'd be looking at an hour and 45 minute wait.  Expectedly, we bounced across the street to 20 Manning (bless its soul) for a couple overly-dirty GG martinis (we'll save that for another time).  At 9:00 we called to check in on the status and were told to wait it out a little longer...apparently the hour and 45 minute wait turned into more like a 2 hour wait.  OK.. annoying.. but fine.
At 9:30 (2 hours 15 minutes in), we headed back over to do some classic loitering; bastards couldn't ignore us if we were taking up oxygen in their 200-sq-foot-studio apartment-wannabe excuse for a BYOB.
Much to our expectation, the front of house greeted us with a gust of rudeness "BACK UP!" he exclaimed to our party of 6.  "I DIDN'T CALL YOU YET!!!!".  Whoa.  But, back up, we did, because we were pretty certain the table of old folks eyin' up their check and gathering their to-go containers were our key to tasteless flatbread and hummus in need of just a BIT more salt. In time, the folks got up, but to our dismay, like a gust of wind, a DIFFERENT part of 6 swept in the door and filed into the table! 
Immediately, a few friends rushed the "host", because at this point the wait time had far extended our original estimate of 1.75 hours (cue "bullshit cough").  Smugly, he offered us a table for 4, and we're all friends (and hungry friends, at that), so we complied.  Now, please know that admittedly I have a bit of a temper.  Up until this point I had kept my cool purely because I'm well aware that AC is a complete joke of a business, and I was voluntarily putting myself through the horror that they call restaurant service.
So, we pile into the 4-top, and I can't help but notice the bus-boy, YES BUS-BOY,  looking a little red in the face and mumbling under his breath.  Then, it happened, "YOU'RE ALL GONNA NEED TO BACK UP", he yelped (ha, ironic).  One "back up" command is sickening, but two will send me flying off the handle: "YOU'RE ALL gonna need to be more polite!  And learn how to run a business!", I retaliated.  And then, with the most spectacular condescending tone that could exit from a struggggggling hipster's mouth, "OH YEAH?? DO WE?? DO WE?? I DON'T GIVE A SHIT".  With that, I grabbed my friends and my wine and exited the premises, never to return again.
On the up side, we headed down to Han Dynasty, where Han, himself, greeted us with a lovely table for 6 accompanied by a lazy susan of delicious chinese cuisine, and the following message to our Yelp community, "I won't curse at you, I'll curse with you."It's a nice neighborhood restaurant. Small and quaint, I would call it a good date spot. BYOB, which is never a bad thing. Price is a little steep but it's a good place, interesting dishes to explore.I went to Audrey Claire last night with some friends. It's a cute little BYOB, very simple decor, but SUPER LOUD. So loud it is difficult to have a conversation with the people sitting at your table. Definitely request to sit outside, I'm hoping it's quieter. Now to the food. We shared the short-rib flatbread (yummy), the mussels (decent, but not wow), and the brussel sprouts with parm (very good and simple preparation). I had the fish special of the evening, seared golden tile fish with corn risotto and haricot verts with a balsamic reduction. The fish was perfectly cooked, great flavor, but the star of the dish was definitely the corn risotto, it was fabulous!!! It made me forget how loud it was....well, momentarily.Audrey Claire is not like being in Philly at all.  It's like a charming little bite out of the countryside and when the weather is obliging, these grand cafe windows swing wide open inviting cool breezes to carry on their playful dance inside. For tables spaced inches apart, fresh air is a welcome guest at dinner.  What Audrey Claire lacks in providing an intimate setting for private conversations (that is, unless your idea of such is in the literal sense like sitting hip-to-hip or maybe on the lap of the stranger beside you) more than makes up in its success in fostering warm collectivity.   For reasonably sized groups and parties, this is a sprightly venue even the urban paisano can appreciate.  The idea at this BYOB is family-style -- exchanging forkfuls, sharing echoes, laughter, ideas, stories -- and you'll fare best with the chalkboard specials, grilled octopus insalate, chops and the flavorful pappardelle (a personal favorite).  
CASH ONLY.I came here the other night for restaurant week.  Contrary to other reviews I've seen posted, I was able to make a reservation in advance on their website.  They are not on Open Table.  I came here mostly for its location because I was taking a friend from out of state here.  We were able to sit outside and it was a really lovely evening.  The scene is picturesque, and my friend really enjoyed the atmosphere of the neighborhood.  
I want to preface the review by saying the reason I am only giving them 3 stars is for the food, but the service was really outstanding.  I spilled red wine on my white pants and our waitress was able to scrounge up a tide pen from somewhere and also gave me a hot towel to put on the stain after I used the pen.  The steam nearly lifted the stain right out.  Much kudos to the waitress!!  Very lucky to have had her!  
Onto the food, It was good but I was not incredibly impressed.  For the first course, I had the grilled corn on the cob with chili aioli, feta and lime.  This was my favorite part of our meal.  For the main course, my friend and I split the potato crusted ahi tuna and the chicken milanese.  The couscous that came with the tuna was very fresh and delicious.  I had higher expectations from the tuna and felt that it lacked flavor.  The chicken was simple and very good.  Very crispy!  Even though it was fried, the arugula made the dish feel lighter.  For dessert, we had a mix of cinnamon risotto, chocolate lava cake, and creme brulee.  All were simple yet very delicious.  
Overall, I might come back here again for the atmosphere, but I was hoping for more.  If you are going to stick with simplicity, the flavors need to be more prominent.Met up with a friend here after hearing some great reviews.  Turned out to be a great little spot to celebrate her recent engagement (wish I had known beforehand though so I could byo champagne!).  The flatbreads here are delicious; definitely try the pear and gorgonzola one and if they have any as a special, ask them to do a half/half mix of the special with the pear and gorgonzola.  We got 3 small dishes plus the flatbread to split and it was a perfect amount of food. Also tried the mussels, grilled octopus, and watermelon and feta salad. All three were very solid.  Bill was very reasonable due to the byob: about $30 each. Def try to get a reservation ahead of time as the wait can get a bit long (we went early though around 7 and there were still plenty of open tables)This spot was pretty delicious. 
For starters, we split the appetizer sampler (mostly veggies, everything cooked to perfection) & a flatbread (braised short rib & mushroom one) which was pretty okay. Honestly tasted more like a rib/mushroom quesadilla. I would have preferred the hummus / salmon one because I overheard that it was fantastic (according to the table next to us... They also ordered the Zuppa de Pesce, which looked awesome-- more seafood assortment than a soup, in my mind)
For entrees, we ordered the short rib, which was juicy and tender, and the duck. The Duck was to die for-- cooked perfectly. When I return, I will definitely order the duck again. Best duck that I have had in a while, not dry like other reviews mentioned (different chef, different night perhaps?)
For dessert, we had the chocolate cake (YUM- dense and rich) & banana bread pudding (again, YUM)I just moved from San Francisco and this was my first spot in Philly. It was 9:00pm on a Sunday and they seated us immediately at the bar, which I highly recommend if you want to see all the action happening. The service was great; everyone who works there is super friendly. We ordered the pear gorgonzola flatbread (delicious), arugula salad (great for summer!) and the seared haloumi - very tasty.  I'd also recommend the watermelon feta salad, which we got a little sample of. It's a perfect spot for a date with friends, parents or your significant other. Its casual and the atmosphere is fun. Definitely one of my favorites in Philly so far.More like 3.5 for this cash-only byob.  Once I reset my expectations, I did have a nice time and found good value here. The seared tuna was excellent, which seems to be a feat.  The short rib was delicious, although I've never had a bad short rib anywhere.  The service was attentive yet aloof all in one. I'll return but observe these don'ts:
1.Don't bother going on weekends when they don't take reservations- not worth it.
2.Don't bring a fine wine- they use juice glasses and the atmosphere doesn't befit it.
3.Don't order order the flatbreads- these are "home ec"-ishly topped flour tortillas.
4.Don't expect much from dessert- the bread pudding had potential but disappointedHad a great dinner here.  The butternut squash risotto was amazing. Service was excellent.  Cozy, hip atmosphere.  Solid menu.  We'll be back!I started with the Haloumi (a generous portion for a heavy dish - I would suggest splitting) and then moved to the entree special Boar Sausage and Pumpkin Risotto.  The entree was delicious with the boar providing a slightly richer flavor than typical sausage and the pumpkin providing a little sweetness.  
For birthday special treatment, I got offered a candle or a scene - not being sure how dramatic the latter might be, I opted for the former.  The Banana Bread Pudding was good although I typically like a little more sauce with it.Good, not too expensive, friendly service! I came on a Saturday night at 9 pm and had to wait 30 min for a table without reservation. The restaurant is cozy, small but nice, and loud.
Food:
-2 lb mussels
-Rack of lamb
Both dishes were tasty and unique. I'd rate mussels 8/10 and lamb 7/10. The mussels were tomatoey and a bit spicy. The lamb was fried near the bone but the meat was soft. It was rare-medium, which I thought was too red but my cousin thought was the perfect condition. It also came with delicious mashed potatoes and a minty, lemony sour cream sauce which was very refreshing.I only reserve writing Yelp reviews for exceptionally good or terribly bad experiences. Tonight, my friends and I had an exceptionally good experience. The food was flavorful, complex and simple at the same time. The staff acted as if we grew up childhood friends, and the environment was very welcoming. Can't say enough about this spot and can't wait to visit again.Loves:
--Fantastic service. They offered to hold the wine we brought while we went to another bar during our wait for a table. Both the server and host were extremely friendly, and the host was fairly accurate about the wait time. The kitchen was a bit overworked on a crowded Friday night, so the server brought a bowl of soup compliments of the chef during the wait for our appetizer, which was a nice touch and did the job!
--The food: The aforementioned soup (gazpacho) was fresh, light, and perfect for summer. It had a slight kick that was not overpowering in any way. The short rib flatbread was probably my favorite part of the whole meal. The meat was perfectly cooked--juicy, flavorful, and tender--and with the mushroom, cheese, and truffle oil . . . I think I'm still recovering from the happy experience. Note: the flatbread is a plate-size pizza, not the smaller flatbread size we expected (*no* complaints!). The seared brussel sprouts with parm were on-target. Mains of potato-crusted tuna and duck breast were beautifully executed--clean flavors, both meats cooked to the right temperature, and the perfect serving size where you're full but not stuffed to the brim.
Meh:
--Noise level. We were at a small table for two, but it was difficult to hear what my companion was saying. There's no question that the restaurant was brimming with energy, and I liked the friendly, neighborhood vibe, but the noise level kept me a little bit on edge the whole night.
Would return for many reasons, but probably on a less busy night or earlier in the evening.Philly BYOB scene at its finest. Incredible variety, fresh ingredients, top service, always crowded, great space, open kitchen. 
Go ahead, impress your out-of-town guests. 
Drinks at 20 Manning beforehand makes for a nice combo.This place is good - but not great. It's a very cute place, especially with its sidewalk seating. It's really easy to walk over to Food and Friend's next door grab a beer or drink and bring it over for your meal (which is BYOB). We got the pork chop (which was recommended by Yelp and totally lives up to the hype), and the Tiger Shrimp salad (which is a bit lackluster). I would have given this place 4-stars, but paying $60 dollars for one great dish and another that wasn't that good just isn't the best combination. I'm open to coming again, but I'll stick with the pork chop (which was well-worth the price). The ambience is amazing and I would highly recommend coming here on a lovely summer or brisk fall evening.I forget how much I used to like Audrey Claire until I went back recently for the first time in a while.  Sometimes BYOB can be great, and sometimes I find it annoying...but when you can agree on a bottle of something to share...it's fantastic!
Their menu is always consistently good and ever-changing, but not to the point where it limits the offerings.  There is always a nice selection of specials in addition to a nice-sized menu for a BYOB.  I've had all types of dishes here, and it's always consistently great food.  On my recent visit, I had shared the portobello mushrooms as an appetizer (though an old favorite used to be the trio of spreads, hummus/baba/tzaziki), and then had a delicious sea bass (I think?) with a shallot crust (think there were some capers up in there too).  It was outstanding - never had a "breaded" fish like that before with no breading (yay for gluten free and lots and lots of flavor).  Entrees usually come with some nice sides, and the haricot verts (yeahhhh fancy string beans) and mashed potatoes were great. Tried the homemade rice pudding for dessert and it did not disappoint though I was super-full at that point in the evening and probably didn't need a dessert.
Be warned - Audrey Claire is NOISY.  I don't usually mind if I'm kicking back with great food and a big ole bottle of wine.  My buzz usually takes care of the noise. :)  I like going on the later side so you don't have to wait as long and hopefully the crowd has thinned out by then.  Also be warned that in the summer on a hot night, that place gets heated by the kitchen and there is no chance you're leaving sweat-free.  
Then again, I'll sweat it out for a great meal, which they always deliver.the good:
-the servers and host were very accommodating
-the sole
t-he bread pudding dessert
-BYOB
-pear flat bread
-brussel sprouts (a tad over dressed but compared to the other dishes i would say this is the better of them)
the bad:
-octopus salad (over cooked and combination of the salad didn't compliment each other)
-the pork chop wasn't very tasty
-extremely loud, not some where you would go on a date
-heirloom tomato was okay, i was expecting something better since it said it came with pancetta
-jumbo crab, nothing to be amazed by.
iWent here for restaurant week last year and it was delicious! I got the seared haloumi cheese as my appetizer, which was rich and sweet at the same time. The figs complimented the savory of the cheese into a perfectly done dish. The cheese was either baked or fried for that perfect crunch.
For my dinner I got the chicken with the pomegranate sauce and was again impressed by the sweet and savory compliments. Very well done, juicy, and flavorful chicken.
Also, gotta love that this place is a BYOB! Will probably be coming back here for this years restaurant week :)I had dinner here 2 years ago and it was fantastic! I've made 2 additional attempts to go back and each one worse then prior. 
Attempt #1 we had reservations on a week night for 8pm. We waited in the doorway in fridged weather and the host told us it would just be a few minutes. We stood there for 15 minutes with no additional attention, no updates on a table and eventually just left. 
Attempt #2 was a gorgeous Saturday night. It was 9pm and I knew they set up outdoor seating. After observing 4 vacant tables outside and 3 inside we stood in the doorway for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. The restaurant phone rang, the host looked at me and picked up the phone. He took the call outside and left us standing in the doorway. 
He came back over and simply said "Yes?" I said "Dinner. 2 people. Outside please. " He left us to go get his clipboard and stepped outside. He said "Unfortunately I have nothing available." In total disbelief I said "Are you sure, there are ample vacant tables." His reply was "Super sure. There's a wait list."
There were no patrons waiting, there was a total of 7 vacant tables and yet he made ZERO effort to accommodate us. 
No restaurant is worth that kind of behavior. Get over yourself and learn how to talk to people.Dined outside at this marvelous BYOB and enjoyed a handful of the small plates.  We loved the Short Rib Flatbread.  Also had the Antipasti For Two, full of samples of goodies.  And I'm always a sucker for Haloumi Cheese and this was scrumptious too.  The only item I was less than enthusiastic about was the Calamari Salad, but my sister hose this one, not I, so I can't count it against them ;)Ever the sucker for outside seating, that 5th star goes for their sidewalk tables. So really, Audrey claire is more like 4-4.5 stars. I love that its a BYOB, I miss that so much about home/philly/PA.
The food here is plated well and the menu inventive, with a mix of fresh ingredients and seasonal offerings which rotates often. The food is honest & good, and the atmosphere is unpretentious and relaxed...though you often have to wait for a table at this fabulous BYOB. One of my best friends lives right on rittenhouse, and this is a regular stop for us when I'm in town visiting.I have been to this place a few times, and I think that the love affair must come to an end. Here are some lessons learned: Don't get the octopus (way too chewy - they need to work out that recipe), stay away from the mussels (tasteless, and not exciting), as well as the ahi crusted tuna (very bland).... however, the grilled baby artichokes is the only reason why I would return. Otherwise, this place is loud, tables are close, and overall, not an enjoyable meal. You have been warned.I just ate at AC a mere eight years after my last visit to this sleek BYOB joint, and it still lived up to my expectations and remembrances.
Partially because of the street it's on, and its open air in the summer minimalist space, it reminds me of eating outside in the summer in London. A green apple is placed in the umbrella hole in the center of the table, waiters are alert but friendly, and the place maintains a slow and steady buzz.
My remembered favorite was still on the menu--mussels in a tomato broth with a slight zing of heat. I also sampled the delightful haloumi cheese app with fig jam, salted beets and cheese, and a rich and creamy pumpkin risotto--cooked well but much too creamy for my taste (some salt or less cream and more fresh pumpkin and it would have worked better). Then, the night was finished with a chocolate bread pudding (though I still wonder how the cardamom creme brulee tasted).
I even considered eating here on another night of my stay so I could try some other dishes and relax on the lanai, but I was drawn elsewhere.
Until next time, Audrey Claire.New to Philly and this was one of the most highly recommended restaurants in the area.
I was very fortunate to be seated outdoors for one of the first days of the year! The inside looked small and cozy, but the day was just too beautiful to pass up on a meal outside.
Portions are generous, and everything is delicious. My friends wouldn't shut up about the flatbread here and now I can see why. The restaurant was packed, but service was still prompt and courteous.
The only downside I can think of is reservations can be a pain. You have to reserve well ahead of time, and due to a mixup in reservations our first reservation was a wash (though waiting the extra week for the nice weather was well worth it!).
Be advised, it's BYOB - There's a great corner shop right across the street with the best craft beer selection in the neighborhood.*Restaurant Week Review only*
Cash only BYOB in the heart of Rittenhouse.
Ambiance: Small, cute hip and noisy. The noise level is actually quite high -- you have to talk very loudly for your party to be able to hear you - I was straining to hear my boyfriend across the table and vice versa. 
Service - 3/5: Service was a little slow at times with initially receiving our menus, and then in finishing up dessert and waiting for the check. I know it was busy, and he did seem to be one of the only ones waiting on tables, but walked by our table 4 times before I had to stop and ask him for the check.. and i try not to be that person. 
Food 3/ 3.5 out of 5
This was a little hit or miss for me. The seared haloumi was good, and enjoyed pairing the savory  cheese with the sweetness of the candied dates and fig compote. His arugula goat cheese salad was pretty good, but nothing mind blowing and just a tad over dressed , just an opinion. As for the entree, I ordered the pappardelle pasta because I'm in love with good homemade pasta but it was a bit underwhelming. The texture of the pasta was great, but it was not flavorful. I don't know if it's just me but I do like salted pasta water or a little flavor. So I tried pairing it with a bite of mushrooms, arugula and sunflower seed to try it all as one single bite which was much better, but still just a tad bit.. bland :( I feel terrible saying that, but my honest opinion. My boyfriend ordered the seared ahi tuna, which was great. Really really great. It was one of the best seared tunas I've seen, barely seared on the outside and nice fresh tuna raw on the inside. The truffle emulsion was amazing, something I'd never think to pair with tuna and it really worked. Lastly the dessert was a sampling of a bunch of different desserts-- I was kind of surprised they didn't ask for preferences, allergies or anything -- but anyway we had a cinnamon apple rice pudding, chocolate cake and some sort of panna cotta. Overall all of them were just okay, nothing standing out.
Overall I left a bit unimpressed, but loved the ahi tuna.Audrey Claire is a great little restaurant.  We sat outside on a wonderful fall night, and we really enjoyed the evening. A byob is always high on my love list, but the food here was fantastic too!  The wait can be long, but it is well worth it.The food and environment are great, but it's a bit overpriced. Portions are generally quite small (not easy to share), except for the flatbreads (the pear/ gorgonzola one is very good!) The place is BYOB (no corkage fee) so you can easily make a meal more special here.
I really liked this place and would definitely go again. I think it's best for a girl's night out, but there are many options here that make it suitable for dates / family events/ etc. I've had the brussel sprouts (very good!), fig tart (good), risotto (good but bland), and several other items on the menu. 
One thing I wish they would fix is that their bread is almost always served cold and is very hard. It would make a huge difference if it was warm!
Also, be prepared to wait for a table. I don't think they take reservations in advance and the place is quite popular.I can't actually review the food here because we NEVER got seated. My two friends and I arrived on Saturday night around 8pm. We were told there was an hour to hour and fifteen minute wait. Ok, fine. We gave the host our name and cell number and went across the street to 20 Manning for a drink. After an hour and a half we went back over to check (and make sure he had the right number) and the host said we were "up next as soon as a few tables leave". We waited another 20 minutes and then gave up. We went across the street to 20 Manning and ended up eating there. Guess what....we never got a phone call telling us our table was ready. And I paid $17 for three chewy, overdone ricotta ravioli at 20 Manning. My advice to you...avoid this place on the weekends (they don't take reservations then) unless you plan on eating really late or early or giving up and going someplace else. Very disappointing.I've been to Audrey Claire twice now. Once, on a packed Saturday night with my girlfriends on my 23rd birthday, and again last night on a quiet Wednesday with my parents. The food was above average both times.
During my first adventure, I shared the gorgonzola and fig flatbread with three others. It was truly to die for-- the pungent cheese and the sweet fig complemented each other so nicely. However at $16, it was a little pricey for an appetizer. The flatbread was followed by the sole with crispy shallots. I had actually never had sole before, and it was, well, a gentle fish. The crispy shallots were lovely, and the side dish of fresh crisp green beans was a nice change from some restaurants' over-seasoned over-cooked veggies. The fish was $20.
Last night I shared the arugula salad with my parents to start. The salad was PERFECT. Piled high on the plate, it split nicely three ways. It was arugula tossed with french lentils, strawberries, blueberries, figs, red onion (which I carefully moved to the side-- that stuff stays on your breath FOREVER) and nicely sized dollop of warm goat cheese. I could have easily eaten the whole thing for an entree. 
Following the salad I had my "new thing," the seared ahi tuna (can you tell I'm just starting to really get into fish?). It was a little less flavorful than the sole. It was "crusted" with potato and had a slight mustard glaze drizzle. I could have used more of the drizzle, but overall it was tasty. Plus the portion of tuna was huge for $19. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the Israeli cous cous that comes with nearly every dish. It's lacking something.
Go to Audrey Claire on a weeknight when it's not so crowded. You can relax, enjoy your wine, and really be able to enjoy your time there. 
Side note: Our waitress looked like she might have been the chef. She was wearing an apron from the hip down and a once-white wifebeater ( I could see her bra through it, and when she poured us water her armpit was right in my face), which to be honest I found unappetizing and unprofessional.