BabyBlues has never failed to please me! It is always so yummy and the service is great as everyone is super friendly and cool! The ribs are hard to beat, and the banana pudding is unreal. Definitely recommended!!Baby Blues is not a bad place at all. It's pretty affordable and the food is decent. I really enjoy the catfish sandwich and the collard greens. I'm not a fan of the mac and cheese (they use bleu cheese which gives it a weird flavor, but some people like it.). There service is pretty good there too.So...I ordered food from Baby Blues while working an evening shift.  I was super excited to get my food since most of the reviews rave about how good it tastes.  Well...it never came.  I ordered at 6:43 and now it is 8:59.  I called the restaurant, I called GrubHub and still no food.  Can't comment on the food itself cuz I didn't get to enjoy it.Fantastic food at this place. This was our first time but well definitely be back!  Service was phenomenal, they're recommendations were spot on (we had the half bbq chicken with Mac and cheese and creamed spinach), it was clean, cool and fun. Outdoor seating looked perfect as well! 
Can't wait to come back and try more from the menu!Great everything. I tend to do the greens and chicken. But everything from the ribs down is great. Even the corn bread is legit actual corn bread. In addition, there are a bunch of different hot sauce / BBQ sauces available. The xxx sauce is no joke. Messy and delicious.I was wavering between one and two stars, but settled on two because the pulled pork wasn't bad and I liked the pecan pie. I had dinner with 6 people. We were seated immediately and the waitress took our drink order right away. We got our drinks and she took our order. Then the waiting began....our food arrived about 40 minutes later. I ordered the three meat platter - pulled pork, brisket and blackened catfish. My sides were fried okra and mashed potatoes. Pulled pork was moist and flavorful. My brisket was beyond fatty and basically inedible. The catfish was flavorless. My sides were cold and nothing to write home about. My husband's mac-n-cheese (also cold) was underwhelming. Everything seemed to need salt (which we had to ask for as there was none on the table). The corn bread was funky and not in a good way. After we got our food our waitress all but disappeared. We had to flag someone down to get us water. The space is pretty tight in there and I ended up getting elbowed in the head by one of the waitstaff, who exclaimed "don't worry, it was just my elbow" as he rushed past. It was just his elbow as opposed to what? A greasy, dirty plate? No idea. In sum, it's expensive and the food is mediocre. I was also unimpressed by the portions, not that I was dying to eat more of anything, mind you. We won't be back.I stopped by today for lunch and wanted something a little tasty. The portions are small and the prices are high. The cornbread leaves a lot to be desired. The taste is good but in these economic times people want value. I don't know that I would recommend it.Immediately when I walked in I enjoyed the scene, a vintage BBQ spot! The place looks way bigger inside than it does from the outside. At first I wasn't sure where to go to be seated, there are signs, but the final sign is a bit hard to find. I'm not sure if they do take out but I would NOT recommend coming here on your lunch break, once I ordered it took 40 minutes to get my food (you can determine if that's long or not) but once I got my food I enjoyed every part of it. I got the yard bird (white meat) and it was juicy which is hard to do. 
Also, if your looking to have lunch and read a book or catch up on some work, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE, though this can be great to catch up with a friend or have a meeting you don't mind being public because it's loud yet chill. The prices are also extremely reasonable! 
I would definitely come back but not during my lunch again!Absolutely delicious! Had the pulled pork platter with Mac and cheese and the blues corn. My boyfriend had the brisket sandwich with pork and beans. 
Excellent food and service. Great ambiance. Just a heads up, it gets busy during peak hours. Will definitely be back.Very good BBQ- not the southern style more commonly known around the country, but it's own style of delicious food. The dry rub ribs and sweet potatoes fries are amazing as is the BBQ sauce. The sauce has a distinctly fruity flavor missing in other sauces I've tasted, making it quite distinctive and delicious. The collards are also unexpectedly good for a BBQ restaurant in the heart of Philly!My friend and I came here for lunch. Hostess Christina gave us kind reminder for menu of lunch special. I chose the 1/3 baby back rib and pull pork with chicken smoked rice. The rib is perfectly seasoned but Just a little bit burnt. I love the honey taste with a hint a ketchup. Pull pork is fine. But not reach my expectation, since it is recommended all the time. Btw corn bread is tasty but greasy. For that portion it is still good to have a try. Overall, a good lunch but we will check out other places next time.I sure am thirty! The service today is really a problem. Multiple people in our party have had empty glasses for 15 minutes and the appetizers ? At least the food was goodI tried their brisket sandwich at this spring's Manayunk food truck festival. The sandwich came with coleslaw, and for a small additional fee, was topped with slices of extra sharp cheddar cheese and caramelized bacon (dubbed "Pig Candy"). It was the undisputed food truck winner. The brisket had the perfect amount of smoke flavor, and the richness of the bacon perfectly complemented the tangy slaw. A must try!Surprisingly perfect is all I can say. When my friend brought me here, I assumed (which you shouldn't do) it would be some fake regular glorified BBQ place. I was wrong. The food was delicious! Especially the Suicide King appetizer-- get the hot link meat option.
Dae was our server. Nice girl- polite, friendly and attentive. She also recommended the app to me :) The drinks were also really really well made. I came back again about 2 weeks later. All in all, I'll be back for a round 3.I got so excited after seeing the menu and some reviews. I am disappointed. Our server was slow and seemed like we were a bother to her. The ribs were a little tough, the brisket they gave us a hunk of fAt. The fried green tomatoes had no flavor. My mother in law ordered the catfish, it was good but the portion was small. Overall I was not impressed. Our table has crumbs on it and so did the booth seat, as far as cleanliness I would give them about a 2 as wellI give this 4 stars keeping in mind its category. ( informal bbq). We had a family birthday dinner and ordered the family-style Teaser ($149) which included a little bit of everything. Great ribs, brisket, pulled pork. Smoked chicken was a bit meh and if it actually was a whole chicken (as per menu) it was a tiny one. Fantastic cornbread and sides of mac n cheese and mashed potatoes ( not so fond of the way the collard greens were prepared in a tomato sauce base). Everyone (5 of us) ate our fill and still took home leftovers at least equal to what we had consumed. we sat downstairs and they let us bring in a birthday cake ( we shared leftovers with the staff). Our Waitress was fantastic-wish i knew her name. Will def go backWe entered this cosy restaurant on a snowy night and felt that we had come to the right place. The front room was warm and hospitable with a fire burning in the hearth. We were seated at once a a booth in the center section where we could watch the cooks at work as we tried to decide which items to order.
My friend ordered a mixed meat platter which I thought was enough for a small family while I got the ribs I'd been hankering for and chose the entree that included shrimp as well.
The food was delicious. The powerful aroma that drew us in from the street certainly delivered on its promise. The ribs were meaty and tender with a tasty crust. The shrimp were even better. The sides offered tasted like real home-cooking and I enjoyed combining the spinach with the mac n cheese.
Too full for dessert but would go back again anytime. The next time I want to try take out to see how well the ribs travel home.I went here for dinner a few Saturday nights ago. I was hoping it was going to be good, but it turned out not to be.
First thing I was not happy with was my table. The four of us were sat next to the door, and it was a cold Fall night, which sucked. Luckily, however, we were also sat at the table which was directly below the heater, so we just aimed all the air right back at the four of us.
The food was not good. Mediocre at best. The chicken was the only edible thing we got. We decided to do the meal for four then get an extra set of ribs in case it wasn't enough food. The ribs were fatty and undercooked, and the sides were not good either. We opted for the mac n cheese, creamed spinach, and mashed sweet potatoes. the sweet potatoes tasted like nothing but butter, the creamed spinach was in some sort of yellow-ish sauce, and the mac n cheese was just ok. 
The service was even worse. I had asked for a refill on my soda, and had to ask a second time 15 minutes later for a refill again. The waitress we had was friendly, but not too helpful. She actually had suggested the big beef ribs for all of us when we were ordering our food. I really did not want to act like a Flinstone while I was out to dinner with friends!!
I am definitely not going back there if I have a craving for bbq... there are much better places out there!The grilled wings at this place are really good. A bit on the pricier side but worth it: perfect amount of char, and they offer a choice of dipping sauces for extra flavor. For a sweet finish, I tried the key lime pie. The pie was overly sweet for my taste, think sweetened condensed milk, with too little lime. But if that's how your prefer your key lime, then this version is right up your alley. Customer service, on the other hand, needs work. I came in on Saturday evening when it wasn't particularly crowded. The bartender at the time must've been having a particularly bad day, because despite seeing me sit down directly in front of him, he decided to strike up a conversation with his coworker about...wait for it...customers complaining  about bad customer service. Since, it took him 15 minutes to give me a menu, 20 minutes to wait for a 10 minute order, and another 15 minutes for him to realize that the to go order brought out to him was actually mine. Yeah, I can't imagine where a person would get such a poor impression. The food is worth it though.I was very nervous about my meal here because when we were seated(at a very cramped table), there was rice on the table, an old cup with a straw and napkin in it, and my place setting had something yucky on the napkin. If I wasn't starving and it didn't smell amazing in there, I might have suggested to my friends that we choose another restaurant.  The waitress quickly removed everything from our table and seemed both surprised and embarrassed that all of that was left behind. Once we started looking at both the drink and food menus, I started feeling excited again. Pretty much every cocktail sounded both delicious and dangerous, I went with a vodka-spiked Arnold Palmer. We started off with some hush puppies and some mac and cheese. If you like mac and cheese, you should just get your own, you won't want to be sharing. We moved on to sandwiches - two of us got pulled pork and one got bbq chicken. The pork was served on long rolls which threw us off a bit, but it was so good it didn't matter. All the sandwiches came with mountains of regular and sweet potato fries. Portions were very generous. When the check came we had a little discrepancy where we did not receive the day's drink special, but once we finally found our waitress she happily corrected the problem. Overall food was good and service wasn't bad - just a few kinks to work out but when I am in the mood for pure gluttony I will keep this spot in mind.Good bbq in South Jersey is not an option. When we crave brisket we go to Phila. Baby Blues not only does bbq right it does all the sides right too. Tuesday night you won't find a crowd and if the weather is nice you can dine outside. 
Start the night with one of the tap beers and  hot wings. Wings were killer had to use some of the regular bbq sauce to cool them down. Ordered what we came for the brisket with pork and beans  and collard greens on the side. The beans were several kinds and were topped with shredded pork. I could make a meal out of them. The collards were just the way you expect them to be cooked perfect. 
Don't worry if the flavors are not spicy or not sweet enough for your taste. On the table you will find four flavors of  bbq sauce and a bottle of vinegar you can use to change the heat. Thank you Jamie R. Great service always makes it a better dining experience. Expect to pay $25 plus per person. See you next timeHush puppies! Not only is that a cute term but they are delicious pieces of fried cornmeal cake that you must get if you come here. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I didn't have problems with it being too cramped or busy. Maybe because I ate at 7pm on a Tuesday night, but my brother and I enjoyed ourselves. I could see how this place could get more crowded on a more popular night, and how the wait staff might be a little overwhelmed, but the girl waiting our table was pretty attentive and service was good. 
The food:
- HUSH PUPPIES. Do I need to repeat myself? Cuz I just did. 
- Beef brisket and Memphis style ribs were both pretty good. I'd like to see how their baby back ribs are ... maybe next time. At least for me, the brisket beat the ribs. 
- There are four sauces available to go along with your meats... I wasn't the biggest fan of the really hot one but the rest of them were pretty good. 
I don't know where everyone else has been getting their BBQ, but for convenience being close to where I work and decent prices, I will keep this on my list of go-to places for a chill night of BBQ.We arrived with 8 of us (including children) last night. We were seated downstairs (and that was perfect since we had little ones)... approx 15 minutes went by, no service. Finally a waitress arrived and said, "sorry, I forgot you were down here". I ordered 2 beers on your menu that you didn't have in stock, finally the 3rd time was a charm. The food was mediocre. My ribs tasted charred, the Mac and cheese was not good, and we were very disappointed that there weren't any options for the kids, especially since yelp the restaurant listed as "good for kids". The burgers and the Mac and cheese that you guys have are not really kid friendly, so that was a waste of money. The pulled pork was probably the only thing that anyone liked at the table. We were checked on once or twice, my friend got up and went upstairs to get us ketchup, she also got up to get us to go containers (so my friend could take the leftovers to her animals)... long story short, disappointing experience.I've been here twice. Both times it seems as if they forget about you. It took them a long time to come take an order. The food is ok but they need more flavor. I ordered the pulled pork plate with fried okra and corn on the cob. Nothing special about the pulled pork or their different sauces. The cornbread was not good. Too mealy. One bite, done. The corn on the cob had cheese on it but get little flavor. No salt and pepper on the table. A no-no. The fried okra had bits and pieces instead of whole cut fried okra. Just scraps. I remember from my last visit the baked beans and slaw were flavorless too. Cute place in a cute location but lacks in tasty food.Having been to Baby Blues several times before and really enjoying their food, I have to say that Friday's BBQ experience was one of the worst I've ever had.I ordered the Get Down Ms. Brown plate which consisted of pulled pork, fried okra, and mashed sweet potatoes. The cornbread honestly and without exaggeration tasted like an old sneaker. The pulled pork was cooked in some kind of thick gelatin which rendered it practically uneatable. The only edible aspects of the lunch was the mashed sweet potatoes and the fried okra. A co-worker of mine said that the Mac and Cheese he ordered tasted like it has nail polish in it. I likely won't be ordering from there again which is too bad because I considered it to be a pretty descent bbq spot.Great, southern style bbq. 
Don't come if you're on a diet. Everything is super rich and super greasy (in the best way). They also give you so much food.This place was awesome ! Customer service was amazing very friendly ! Loved the food as it had been my first time here I will definitely be returning ! Loved the southern bbq theme their sauces were absolutely amazing I loved everything about my first visit here . Highly recommend.Good bbq in South Jersey is not an option. When we crave brisket we go to Phila. Baby Blues not only does bbq right it does all the sides right too. Tuesday night you won't find a crowd and if the weather is nice you can dine outside. 
Start the night with one of the tap beers and  hot wings. Wings were killer had to use some of the regular bbq sauce to cool them down. Ordered what we came for the brisket with pork and beans  and collard greens on the side. The beans were several kinds and were topped with shredded pork. I could make a meal out of them. The collards were just the way you expect them to be cooked perfect. 
Don't worry if the flavors are not spicy or not sweet enough for your taste. On the table you will find four flavors of  bbq sauce and a bottle of vinegar you can use to change the heat. Thank you Jamie R. Great service always makes it a better dining experience. Expect to pay $25 plus per person. See you thereReally enjoyed this BBQ spot! You must try the sauteed okra. I've never had it in a restaurant but decided to try it. Excellent! The ribs were perfect and the brisket was tender and flavorful.I was so happy when baby blues came to u city. Finally something new and unique ! I've ate there a few times in the past months and I can't get enough!!! The baby back ribs are my favorite. They fall right off the bone. I also love all their sauces. The sweet is my favorite but the XXX is also great, hot but smooth too. The creamed spinach is unreal as is the mac n cheese which I agree with an earlier review and they must put some crack in it because it is addictive. Other favorites are the blues on the cob, pulled pork and BANANA PUDDING. The blue platter was a tun of food big enough for two and very affordable. Thanks for coming to Philly baby blues!!!!This maybe the best BBQ place I've eaten in the Philly region. We ended up here because it was Mother's day, and Penn graduation...so everything was Packed. We were lucky! Got there right before the mad rush (around 11:30am). Honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect. 
I was in for a treat! Our server actually knew the menu and the drink menu. Answered every single question with a smile. Which on it's own is a great plus. 
However, when the food came out...BOOM! So Good. The ribs, wings, BBQ chicken, melted off the bone tender goodness! My sides were the mashed sweet potatoes and corn on the cob. They didn't over-sweeten the potatoes, you could actually still taste it not sugary mash. And I will come back for the corn on the cob! No joke...the last time I had BBQ this good was in Memphis at Rendezvous! The platter I ordered could have fed the 3 of us. Granted 2 in our party probably eat the same amount as 1 full grown man. However, it was a ton of food! The restaurant has great character, but I wouldn't even Care...the food could be served anywhere and I would be a very happy customer! 
Great job to our masterful cooks and great staff!!!I stumbled upon this place, because I wanted some federal donuts. I am so glad I did. I had the brisket, corn and mac and cheese. I am full and now ready to take a nap.Terrible place to eat. If I could give negative stars I would.  I ordered online while staying at a nearby hotel. Well, they totally messed up my order, gave me no utensils to eat the wrong items that i received, and on top of all that, the food was horrible. Do not go here!!!This place is amazing! We had a party of 16, with a few different food allergies among us, and every single one of us was blown away not only by the amount of options we still had, but by how delicious everything was! Everyone was still talking about the candied bacon and banana pudding long after we left. My boyfriend is somewhat of a meat connoisseur, and considers the Texas Beef Rib to be the best piece of meat he has ever had.
The service was impeccable. All of the staff are very knowledgeable about the food, the way it's made, what it's made with, etc. which is super helpful with different allergies. They were very accommodating to our large party and very attentive. 
The private room was a perfect space for a big group of friends to relax and enjoy each other and the amazing food. 
We will definitely be back soon!The rest Iran was not to busy, which was a good thing. The staff was really nice and professional. The price is a little high for bbq and the taste was a little bland I thought, but then again I'm from the south maybe that's how bbq suppose to taste in the northern state!‍Went here for two take-out Lunch orders. I had to squeeze by the bar patrons to the "take out" sign at the end of the bar. I stood there awhile waiting to be acknowledged. I had called ahead and finally the rude bartender addressed me. My orders sat on the bar while the bartender kept pouring drinks and waited on bar patrons. I announced that my food was getting cold. Terrible service! Ribs was burned, portions are too small for the high costs. I won't be spending my money here.Baby blues BBQ is absolutely delicious. My fiance and I was totally satisfied with take out. I had the fried catfish sandwich and hush puppies which was the best I've had. My fiance enjoyed the chicken and rib combo but preferred the chicken over the ribs though both was delicious, the coleslaw was good as well. The mashed sweet potatoes are a healthy version to grandma's which is not bad and the mac and cheese was doable. I would definitely patronize this place again.I really wanted to like this place, but it's just not good.  The atmosphere is fun and they did a great job re-doing the interior, but the food is really sub-par.  We had a sampling of appetizers - chicken drumsticks, cornbread, various salads and mac and cheese.  I was really excited to try the mac and cheese because of everyone's rave reviews, but I was disappointed.  There was far too much cheese and not enough noodles!  The cheese was also too runny for my tastes.  The cornbread was super oily and the salads were just okay.  The chicken drumsticks were definitely the best part - really well seasoned.  Unfortunately that was the only item I enjoyed.One of my favorite places in university city. My children love eating here too. Food is always delicious. Most dishes are enough to share unless you are a big eater! Staff is always friendly and you don't have to wait a year to be served.I was tentative in going as the reviews were muddled, but after enjoying drinks and excellent BBQ, I'm glad I went.
Joe, the bartender, was awesome. So was the owner Steve. Super nice. Super personable. Oh ya, the food was delicious!
I hope they're not teasing when they talk about opening up a spot in Oahu... that's something to definitely look forward to.So starving on New Year's Eve so we decide to walk over to baby blues for some Barbque. The prices are a bit on the high side but the food is really good. No waiting or anything. The bar is good to...Came here tonight for dining days. First off let me say that the food was at least a 4 stars. My friends and I each got separate apps to split. Hush puppies, wings, and fried green tomatoes. The Hush puppies are kinda sweet which was a nice surprise and the green tomatoes were on point. We all got the pulled pork, mine came with Mac and cheese and sweet potato fries. Omg so good. I was already pretty full and now have lunch for tomorrow. Dessert was also included. Went with the apple cobbler which was just okay. I would skip out on cocktails here, they are pricey and weak (according to my friend)
The service on the other hand was pretty bad. The waitress clearly didn't like our table. She wouldn't clear off empty plates, pretty much had to had them to her. Didn't offer to fill our water, and tried to get us to order dessert when our half full plates were still there. Again had to ask her for boxes. Two other tables were seated after us and finished before too. 
All in all great food though.I've been here a couple times and both times I've been disappointed by the size of the dishes compared with the price. It's a hit or miss with the portions and quality. I don't know, I just expect more out of a bbq place. It's okay but would rather go somewhere else.There is nothing more frustrating than good food with bad service. My waitress was great...at first...then she disappeared. I waited and waited. I would have loved to order some desert and another beer. Finally I grabbed the closest waitress and asked for my check. I figured she at least would grab my waitress to get it but no the other waitress completed the transaction. Strange.Ate here with my wife after a trip to upenn hospital.  Pretty terrible.  Good beer selection but the ribs were all fat, the chicken was dry AF, mac and cheese bland, and the potatoes were just average.  Their home made corn bread is suspect at best.  If you want BBQ, do yourself a favor and go to Sweet Lucy's.  Would have been one star if not for good beer.Awesome barbeque selection.   I had the catfish po boy and it was delicious.  Decent draft selection as well.  Nice atmosphere inside with quite an eclectic feel.  If you're looking for a decent spot while on UPenn's campus, stop here.The bbq is amazing. If you want good bbq, go here. 
That being said. 
Do not go here during your lunch break. They do not know how to handle a lunch rush. 
When my coworker and I came in there were 3 other tables there. We only ordered appetizers, 3 each, totalling about $20-$25 per person.  
Our appetizers took about 20 min to come out. We only had 5 min to eat. We got an extension on our lunch break.  
When we knew we had to leave we had to ask the hostess for boxes...  calling out to her because even though she was only 20 ft in front of us, she wasn't paying any attention to the room. Our waitress was no where to be found.  
We got the boxes, and the check. Then we waited. And waited. Our waitress was in the back, in plain sight of us looking at something they both found funny. We waited. 
Finally, we got up and handed our waitress the credit cards. 
I now know why they have good food,  but no customers at lunch. I'll go back for a treat for dinner. I won't be back for lunch.Awesome pulled pork platter. It does have a bit too much oil though... Today i tried the blackened catfish - it was amazing! 
Various fixins that I've tried: 
Baked beans - deliciousss
Collard greens - good
Mac and cheese - too much cheese
Side salad - dumb idea to get this. It's just plain lettuce with a few tomato pieces. Don't get this. 
Fries/sweet potato fries - pretty good
Cornbread - not fresh, quite mushy. I like moist cornbreads, but this is too mushy, so i'd like them to be drier and crisper. I love cornbreads though. 
Platters are huge. Good bang for the buck.I haven't written a restaurant review before, but I decided this one was worth it. Before I get into detail, I  want to say the food was good, but not something out of this world. The guy and I were on a casual dinner date. Now being, I wouldn't recommend this place for your dates. First of all, I called the restaurant for reservations for 2 and I was told that since we would be coming in after 6pm our seating wouldn't be a problem. We found this was a Friday night. When we arrive the hostess tells us that, they currently do not have any tables open, however the bar had a seating area. We expressed that this wasn't something we would like, so she suggested that we waited about 10 mins for our table. After 10 mins we get line(line did not exist when we first arrived) and we were told again that there was no table just the bar. So we waited again! I found this to be of great inconviniece because there wasn't even a waiting area. We had the option of waiting outside in the rain or waiting at the door and blocking the entrance, not to mention, probably get on the nerves of the people who are seated by the entrance. We finally get seatted though it wasn't the best area. Behind us there was a group of people who seemed to be a little intoxicated and very loud. Half of the time we were there we couldn't hear each other. Not that this is the restaurants fault, though if we were given our reservations when we called, I'm sure this wouldn't have happened. 
Food wise I ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes. Very delicious! The perfect combination of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They came with a little sauce on the side which was a great compliment. For the main I got the bacon and cheese burger with cole slaw. The burger was cooked well, and the bacon bits with the blue cheese inside gave the burger a great flavor. The coke slaw tasted great as well. The ingredients seemed fresh. Southern Soul food is never a turn down for me. 
I would go to this place again, just not on a date. Make sure you DEMAND a table in a nice quiet corner...This is probably my favorite place to get BBQ food these days. It's a pretty chill restaurant and has a really homey feel to it. Their portions are hugeeeee, I can never finish my meal when I come here. I would recommend the buffalo wings, they're smoked! AND they're very tasty. You can choose several different ways for them to prepare your wings, I always stick to buffalo. Also, they have several sauces available on your table, so you can add even more flavor to your food. Their fixins (side dishes) are pretty good. I've tried the collard greens, potato salad, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes, all were good. Now if you're a soul food eater, the potato salad is very different so try them with an open mind. The ribs are great, you can order a 1/2 slab or a full slab. I've only ever ordered a 1/2 and was very satisfied. I must tell you to try the banana pudding because who doesn't love banana pudding. If you remember, dine here during dining days, usually in July, you will get a ton of food for like 40% less than what you would normally pay.BBQ is pretty good, as are the sides.  It's pretty much all meat and heavy stuff, as you might imagine.  Staff and service are a little spotty.I was craving BBQ all day and decided to go to baby blues. Had no idea what I was getting myself into. Ordered the smoked wings, dry, and hands down the best wings in the city. Fall off the bone good. The pulled pork and brisket are great, being from The South, I will give this BBQ an A+ rating. The Mac and cheese seemed to change from the last time I was here but still delicious. 
I would def go back again. The only downfall was the cornbread ran out before we could get some. It was the end of the nite tho, however our awesome waitress comped us a side in its place.  
Noel was the name of the waitress, and she was great. Very friendly, personable, and was an all around great server. Def needs recognition. 
I'll recommend this place to anyone who wants good food.My friends and I just wanted to hang out somewhere nearby, so we stumbled over here. Our waitress was very friendly. Fries were alright, but a little on the salty side. There's nothing to write home about, but it's one of the few places with food and a great atmosphere that opens late nearby. I haven't really tried the food yet, so no comments on the BBQ.The BBQ is good, and the prices are pretty good. The service is hit or miss, and sometimes the food isn't that hot. It's obvious that most of the food is pre-prepped, which is fine, but it needs to be reheated adequately to make you think it's fresh! I like the lunch specials, good amount of food for the prices.If you want to eat steak, go to "Baby Blues"
 I have been to this restaurant several times since I came to Philly, and I like it so much because of the taste and environment. I feel everything is excellent!! Also, the access is not so bad; it is close to 34th street subway station.(3402, Sansom Street, Philadelphia, PA, 19104) Therefore, I strongly recommend "Baby Blues" to you to have a good time and have a great meal.
The Food 4/5
 This restaurant recommends steak ribs, so I ordered "Mason Dixon", which is a half rack of  Memphis-Style ribs and smoked chicken. Also it comes with two "fixins". You can choose from various types of fixins: "Mac 'N' Cheese, Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Veggies, Pork and Beans, Cale Slaw, Fries, etc." ("Baby Blues" menu from Yelp.com) I picked "Mac 'N' Cheese" and "Smoked Chicken Rice". Both of them were amazing. Personally, I really like "Smoked Chicken Rice". I guess that I would order them next time again. In addition, it does not take too long till the plate came. When I saw the plate, I could not stop myself because of the gorgeous smell of seasons and grilled meat. When I started to eat and to cut the chicken, the knife got through so easily; the chicken was soft, and I felt it was almost melting. Indeed, the rib also tasted wonderful. My friend and I felt that we were in heaven. While we were eating that plate, "Mason Dixon", we could not speak as usual because that was too delicious.
 The Atmosphere 4/5
 The atmosphere is awesome. It is clean, well-organized, not noisy, and so on. The tables and chairs look old; however, it makes the good mood: antique. Also, the bathroom is clean and looks really interesting because of the tiles. The desk and chairs are a little bit small for tall people because even I felt that is a little bit uncomfortable. (I am 174 cm=68.5 inches)
The service 4.5/5
 From the time I entered the restaurant, some server treated me really kind way. I have some problem to pronounce English because I am not a native English speaker. When I tried to order, the server could not catch the word "dressing" because my pronunciation was terrible. But she did not show any bad expression for me and asked, "Pardon me?", I felt that was so polite. Because most times when I say some words with bad pronunciation, people answer me "What?" with a little bit of aggression. On the other hand, in "Baby Blues", the servers are really kind even though customers can not speak English well. Indeed, the recommendation which the server gave us was great!! According to another person's  review, "As soon as we walked in, we had been seated immediately for a table for 2. Our waitress gave great recommendations for us". (Minh.C, Yelp.com)
I think that the service in this restaurant is one of the best one in Philadelphia, University City.
Overall, "Baby Blues" is one of the greatest and most wonderful restaurant in Philadelphia, University City.
Again, I strongly recommend you to try here. Probably, you would feel that how can you miss the restaurant. I hope that you would be repeater as I am!!I loved it, the service was excellent, the waitress was very attentive, authentic tasting BBQ! A very wonderful experience, made me want to kiss the cooks :)Not the best, not the worst. I really like the atmosphere in Baby Blues BBQ, but the BBQ sauce isn't the best, which is the whole point of getting BBQ, right? The quality of meat is very high, the ribs and wings fall off the bone, and my chicken is always perfectly cooked, but the sauces just don't do it for me. They are missing some sort of zing. 
I do, however, love the sweet potato fries and salads. Also, the drinks I've gotten there are well-mixed and they don't skimp on the booze!This BBQ was pedestrian at best. I have been to their location in Venice, CA and thought it was average too. I ordered the plate with 6 baby back and 6 Memphis style ribs and the ribs were overcooked and felt there is no good BBQ places in this town. The collards had tomatoes in them in lieu of ham hocks or turkey bits which I have never encountered eating BBQ in the South. The only item I enjoyed was their beef link sausage and their XXX hot sauce was good. Doubt if I will return.Went for lunch and the service was pretty good, although it did take some time to get the check at the end of the meal. I ordered the platter with brisket, pulled pork and sausage. The beef and pork were good with the compliment of sauces but I did not like the sausage, it tasted like a hot dog. The texture of the corn bread was odd but good none the less. The wife had a pulled pork sandwich and she enjoyed it. The bread was very good and so was the coleslaw. The fries that came with the meal were very good and crispy. It also had some good drink specials that I did not get to take advantage of but seemed like good deals
UPDATE:
Went back a couple days after the first review and it confirmed my previous feelings. The food was very good again, this time I had the BBQ'd half chicken with creamed spinach and chicken rice. The chicken was very good and perfectly cooked and the rice was a little undercooked. The cream spinach was the real surprise. It was not the slop that is the traditional creamed spinach. The cream sauce was a bit thinner with a nice nutmeg aftertaste and the spinach still had some bite to it. My wife had the pulled pork and loved it again. My dad had the brisket and liked it as well.
Bonus: Love the Harpoon Pumpkin Ale they were serving, best pumpkin beer I think I have ever had.Probably one of the worst BBQ meals I've ever had. Or rather tried, because I did not finish it.
On the recommendation of the bartender ordered to go Texas style beef rib plate ($30). Should have looked in the bag.
Instead of tender ribs, I was greeted by one big bone of tough and burned meat. The mashed potatoes were loaded with pepper that killed any kind of taste (or covered the bad taste). The sweet mashed potatoes were full of indigestible strings. I don't think I'll even try the banana pudding.
Was excited to have some BBQ, but instead will be calling my credit card company to get my money back. Really disappointing!So they willie brown burger at this place is amazing. When ever I go/order from this place I always order it. The burger come with mixed fries (potato, and sweet potato) and are amazing with the apple vinger.  There mac and cheese is also delicious.  They put blue cheese in it, so if you love blue cheese this is the mac for you. Their banana puddle is not spectacular but it is good. I've tried other meals but I didn't find them all to tasty,  but the willie brown is one of my favorite burgers.The service was awful. It took 55 minutes to get out food. They messed up my order- I had asked for a cheeseburger without mustard and they messed it up. They only came by to fill up my water once. We had ordered corn bread, they never brought it out, and then they charged us for it. I will never be going back to this establishment again!Best Ribs I have ever had!!
My husband were at a festival and decided on the ribs. What a great choice! We liked them so much, that we had to go for seconds :)We went to Baby Blues BBQ for Father's Day and it was such a great family, friendly spot. I had the fried catfish poboy with their hot sauce and it was so delicious! Outside of New Orleans, that was one of the best poboys I've ever had! My husband is critical about BBQ since he loves to grill himself and loved his brisket and ribs! To top it off the service was great!The best BBQ I've had in Philly so far! 
Pros:
--Amazing BBQ sauce 
--Amazing Ribs & Wings ; grilled to perfection
--Amazing Sides...especially the mac and cheese and potato salad 
--Amazing Staff 
Cons:
--A bit expensive but you have to pay for quality these days
--I didn't like the creamed spinach ; a bit bland...
Any other dishes or sides I didn't mention, I haven't had yet but i'm a fan!I came here with friends to celebrate a friend's birthday. We ordered some drinks and then our meal. The meals came pretty quick. And after that, we didn't see our waitress for the rest of the meal which was not helpful. We ended up sitting there and taking up room and air for another hour after our meal.
The food was okay. The ribs were good but too burnt on the outside. They were so burnt all over that it was hard to taste anything else. The sauces at the table were all waiter really tangy or spicy. For my sides, I ordered fries and mash potatoes which my friends thought was hilarious. The mash was okay...a little too cheesy for my taste but the fries were great. My friends and I agreed that the corn bread was a little too dry but if you dipped it in the sauces provided it was a little better. Overall, it was an okay experience.I'm totally out of my element in University City, but my friend had a Groupon for Baby Blues. What better reason to get together with friends and stuff our faces with BBQ? 
My group of 4 met the Friday before the Groupon expired. I'm not sure if it's usually that packed or if the restaurant was filled with other Groupon slackers, but it was crowded. 
The space was probably my biggest (and only) complaint about my entire experience. The bar and restaurant are itty bitty. We waited at the bar for our table and there was no room to move around. My husband and I tried to stand near our friends at the bar, but we were clearly in the pathway for people to walk by. Forget moving around, there was no place to even stand. We had our own space at our table, except the table was cramped into the back corner. We really felt jammed in there but there's no space to comfortably fit four people, four chairs and a table.
Spatial issues aside, it was a good experience. To maximize the Groupon, we ordered four entrees to share and picked the 8 sides together as a group. Not only did we pick them as a group, we picked them like a fantasy football draft. Our team of sides was the greatest. 
We ended up with Memphis style ribs, brisket, BBQ chicken and pulled pork as our entrees. For our fabulous side lineup, we ended up with two orders of mac and cheese, pork and beans, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes, sweet potato fries and collard greens. The meat options were good and I definitely enjoyed them, but I've had better overall. The sides were awesome. I probably could go back and just do another big old round of sides. 
Our server was also great. For being customers in a packed house, we still felt like we were getting enough attention and getting everything we needed. She was also helpful in a few of our side-related questions. 
The beers were also relatively inexpensive. While the craft beer list was pretty standard to Philly, everything was cheap! Beers were $3 during happy hour at the bar. Even during dinner, I was able to get a Dogfishhead 90 Minutes (yes, 90 minute) for $6. 
I feel like UC can be as foreign to me as Pittsburgh sometimes, however I'd come over to this neck of the woods again for another BBQ deal.This place suffers the problem of low quality with high cost. Their food is mediocre, yet terribly overpriced and not very dynamic. They have a good bar, but so does all the other restaurants on this street. I have been twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Their PoBoy was good for lunch, but the ribs were disappointing. Think twice before taking a seat and ordering here. The sides also seem cheap. Everything seems to be reheated from a freezer and the freshness doesn't really seem to shine through.Not the best but not bad at all. Had their brisket lunch special and it comes with one side. Not bad for the price and they were nice enough to offer me a beer for free.Not only was the food delicious and sweet tea authentic, the service could not be beat. As a Southerner, I was impressed with the quality of ingredients and taste of all the dishes. Highly recommend the fried okra, hush-puppies, and pulled pork sandwich. I only wish peach cobbler was on the menu. I will continue to return time and time again.Here for a conference and wanted to stay nearby.  Place is recommended by the Sheraton and by the bartender at Doc Magrogan's, where I had dinner the night before.  I was a little put off by the recent Yelp review, but gave it a shot.  The place is a little rough looking, which I think is on purpose.  Definitely a local hangout, as most everyone seemed to know each other at the bar, and everyone was friendly enough.  Service was fine.  It's really the food that fell short.  Got the babyback ribs ($19.95) with greens and grilled veg.  The sides were just ok, pretty soggy to be honest.  The ribs fell way short of what I'd expect from a BBQ place.  Only a half rack, and a pretty ratty looking half rack at that.  They were way overcooked, to the point that you could chip a tooth on them.  Sauces were excellent.  Cornbread was also pretty tasty.  If you just want to have a couple of beers and hear some good music at the bar, give it a shot.  If you want to eat good BBQ, try someplace else.  Lesson learned.Baby Blues is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. The BBQ here is so good. The meat on the ribs fall off the bone and the corn bread is out of this world. Awesome atmosphere, makes Philadelphia feel like the south!Great BBQ place I stumbled upon in the university area.  Absolutely the coolest, hippest ambiance for a BBQ joint you'll ever go to.  In a historic old walkup, decor is eclectic and fun.  Service was a bit spotty, but a little expected for this college and family/touristy crowd.  Food was solid. I went on a Sunday evening (which was slow) and waitress was in a hurry- she had the whole room to cover.  She recommended the hush puppies as an appetizer.  Delicious and fresh.  Tasted like mama made them. Was going to order the pulled pork and she recommended the brisket sandwich.  Also a great recommendation- but was a little cold.  Comes with 2 sides and their side menu is extensive and look homemade.  Almost everyone orders the sweet tea or cherry Kool-Aid.  Had the mac and cheese- omg almost died and went to heaven.  Baked beans were yummy - smoky and flavorful.  Had the banana pudding for dessert.  You must save room for this.   Best I've had in ages. Overall, a great little find I'd recommend to anyone.  Try it now!I love the atmosphere of this place. The food is also fantastic. Where else can you get fried green tomatoes. Seriously give it a try.Damn you, proprietors of this fine barbecue eatery. You have certainly doomed me to many an unwanted lb. Sure, it will be delicious and authentic. Sure, I'll have fun washing down platefuls of savory, slow-cooked meat with glasses of cold beer, but that's not the point. The point is that I pay good money for my gym membership, and summer is fast approaching.
I hope you're happy with yourselves.We stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was somewhat busy. We were seated right away, but unfortunately it was close to the door and there was a constant gust of wind when the door opened and closed so my girlfriend asked to move. It didn't seem to be a problem at all, although speaking from experience, it can be a pain for a server if a table asks to move. Ours did a great job keeping up with us sitting away from the rest of her section and we felt like we got just the right amount of attention to enjoy our meal. The place seemed a little small although it appeared to have more seating out back. It was also very well lit and clean. The only real issue with the place is accessibility - the few steps in were a little steep and the restrooms were located downstairs, so that might create issues for some diners.
As far as the food, I'm fairly critical of BBQ, especially ribs and pork, but this place was excellent. I ordered the Big Blue combo with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork with baked beans and potato salad for a side. The ribs were cooked perfectly and pulled away from the bone cleanly. Great smoke ring and the rub added the perfect amount of seasoning to them. The brisket was slightly chewy but still had the perfect balance between the beef, smoke, and rub. The pulled pork was moist and flavorful as well, and I added some of the pepper infused apple cider vinegar to it that was on the table. We also tried a beef link. It was good, but I'm not sure that we'd order it again.
This place has a large selection of sides, so going with baked beans and potato salad were a tough call but not disappointing. Both were good, although next time we go back, we'll check out some of the other ones (my girlfriend had the sweet potato fries with her brisket along with a side salad and enjoyed both). They were out of mashed potatoes, but who orders BBQ and orders mashed potatoes anyway? We both also really enjoyed the cornbread and thought that it could possibly be served as dessert. It had a sweetness to it, was a little dense, and you could taste the corn kernels in it as well. Very good.
Overall, excellent service, especially on a busier Saturday night. The food was amazing, and so were the drinks. We were impressed with the place and will absolutely be back.This place is really good. The pulled pork is tender and there are many sauces to go with it. The hush puppies are great too and are made with real corn in them. Made me feel like I was back home in the south. Service is a plus as well.I'd like to thank the overly zealous door-dude at Mad Mex's who turned away me, my friend and her neice and nephew because her 13 year old niece didn't have ID. I mean it was 5:30pm, not even real drinking hours. (lol, okay even I don't believe that, but still...it wasn't that late) Without someone's gunning for a promotion on the backs of hungry 'tweens we'd have never found this place!
I was already bummed walking in the door because I really wanted some quasi-Mexican food and a big slushy alcoholic drink, so for me to become a BBB believer after one visit was no small feat.
The place was cool and woodsy. Literally cool, it was 97 degrees outside, and a dim wooden booth was right on time. We were seated across from the bbq bar, where one can pull up a stool and watch the experts whip up succulent experiments with meat. 
The service was good. I don't understand the perplexed look the waitress gave me when I asked for some carrots or celery to much on until our food came. I guess I can attribute that to maybe no one looking for snacks of the rabbit kind comes into Baby Blues BBQ for dinner. But the food came quickly so it was a non-issue.
And what a dish it was. Me and my friend shared a beef rib the size of a UFC fighter's forearm. Huge, tender enough to cut with a school cafeteria spork, and close-your-eyes-eat-it-then-hum good. Good enough to eat without the sauces. But you CAN"T not sample the sauces, that's like going to a strip club for the architecture. I won't go into elaborate descriptions of every one, but the sweet didn't disappoint, the bbq was tasty, hot delivered as promised, and XXX was just enough kick for the semi-daring (I could have taken an extra X in mine, but that's my only compliant). 
It came with two sides and we got a third. The mac 'n cheese, which is one of those dishes that can be real easy to f' up, was delicious. My friend had stewed tomatoes. I can't comment because the concept of a stewed tomato is kind of bizarre to me, but she liked them, so they were probably pretty good. The yams were decent, I can say I would've preferred a bit more sweetening, but I finished them down to the last bite, so who am I kidding? 
The kids had a shrimp salad and a burger, which they finished, so I'll assume they were good. Actually they're probably the best judges, if you take a 9 year old boy and a 13 year old girl out to eat and they finish their food, you can almost whole-heartedly believe it was good, because kids are the harshest food critics. But I digress...
The beer was average priced, there was something respectable on tap for $3.50. I have to have that when I return, because I WILL be returning. Did you hear what I said about the forearm sized piece of meat? I can't believe it took me so long to get here. I'm sorry for whatever business this place replaced (because it's fairly new) but actually I'm really not.I'm still on the hunt for good BBQ, coming from AZ I was hoping to find a decent place, unfortunately this is not the place. 
They do have the sweet BBQ sauce that was really, really good but that is about the whole thing that was positive about this place.Again, my mistake? Thinking the East coast has game when it comes to BBQ.
I had pulled pork, ribs, mac and cheese and cornbread.
I LOVED the mac and cheese - I could have eaten the whole batch of it.  
Service was quick and had a sense of humor, on my way out the door my foot caught in the cord of their stand-up-fan at the podium, the server says 'oh hey, thanks for pointing that out, that's kinda dangerous', yeah, no Shit, had I not grabbed on to your podium I'd have been suing your @ss! 
Meat was tender and juicy, but too spicy and lacking in depth of flavor.  Meh.Good-sized portions, and delicious meats.  Cornbread yummy. The hush puppies would have been better in cleaner oil. Beer selection was good. It's clearly a popular place for families and locals.Favorite spot for BBQ in the city staff is friendly and food is amazing I'm getting hungry right now just thinking about it.  Memphis Queen is highly recommended.As someone who has traveled all over eating BBQ from Louisiana to North Carolina, Georgia to Mississippi, let me tell you this...Baby Blues gets it right. The ribs are fall off the bone good, the sides are spot on made from scratch, and the drinks are always filled to the brim. 
The best part though is the staff and service. 
Once you walk through the doors at Baby Blues, you cannot help but feel like you've come home for dinner. The staff is friendly, fun and makes sure at the end of the day/night you've laughed, drank, ate and go home with only one question..."what time do you open tomorrow morning?" 
Can't go wrong with the ribs and sandwiches but allow me one recommendation. The Ho' Down is flat out unreal.  
Whenever I'm back in Philly, you can bet I'm hitting the Blues for at least one meal.Okay, so apparently this is a real location, and they also have a truck. I had the truck. I know what you're thinking: "This guy's review is pointless because he didn't really go to the place," but they still should have their best food at the truck to attract more customers (they advertised it on a banner). The mac and cheese and the "pig candy" (caramelized bacon) were awesome, but the chicken sandwich wasn't worth the price. The piece of chicken wasn't very large, and neither was the sandwich as a whole. I paid extra for the "pig candy" and cheese on the sandwich, but it was just one (basically) kraft single that wasn't even melted. 
I'd come back for the mac and cheese and pig candy.Fast service, and good food! I had the brisket, which was delicious, but my dad had the catfish, which was way too salty. Overall satisfied, except for the catfish. (Oh and iced tea was VERY sweetened)I'm a big BBQ fan and because I work from home, I can't leave the house much. I ordered for delivery and I gotta say I was impressed. The Texas Style Beef Rib that I ordered was so big, the box would not close. I thought I was eating a dinosaur rib! It was very flavorful and moist but was not falling off the bone tender. I also tried the beef pulled brisket (so good), tiger shrimp (also very good), and the beef hot links (was ok won't order again though). My sides were chicken rice, fried okra, and mashed potatoes (all good). Overall the food was amazing and the delivery was really fast! So far the best BBQ place I have tried in Philly so far! I gave it a 4 because the hot links were a bit bland and the rib (although generous) was tough to eat without both hands.The chicken wings were excellent and I really enjoyed the different sauces. The sides were pretty good, I had mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese. My ribs sucked though. They had good flavor, but were very tough. Dessert selection was minimal, but tasted alright.Food: 4
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 3.5
This place definitely hit the spot. The platter sizes were huge, and more than enough to split between two people. The sides were all just okay, but the meats, other than the overly fatty brisket, were delicious. We ate at a high top in the bar, and my gripe would be that the backless stools were far too tall for the table height.So,
About a week after returning to the North East from Memphis, Tenn for work, I arrived at this restaurant after leaving the Penn Relays festivities.
I was with my best friend and new one and we were in search of a new great place, that housed delish food, and good alcohol; WE found it.
I must say, this place really gives Percy Street Barbecue a run for it's money.  Well, anyway,  the ambiance, fully stocked bar (including drink specials, a shot of bourbon and big can of Yuengling Black and Tan) for only $6.00 mad me rather happy!!!
So, I ordered the barbecue chicken, mouthwatering corn bread, and the Mac & Cheese.  This restaurant really makes the one's that I ate at in Memphis, put to shame.  I loved the smokey and sweet flavor of the sauce applied to the chicken before it was grilled.  Wow is all that I have to say. 
Oh and upon finding out that I love bourbon, one of the managers was loving me and came over with another shot of bourbon for he and I, and yes, I took the shot.  Who wouldn't? 
Anywho... the waitress was a sweetie and everyone seemed happy to be working there, which also made my experience that much more enjoyable. 
Oh and the prices are reasonable and you get a nice amount of food. Just do it like Nike and Go..
Signed, Sexy RobotTheir ribs were too burnt to eat. Not worth the time waiting. And not only us the table next to us was pissed off too. Guess the kitchen was so busy with the delivery orders that the dine ins are ignored. Unpleasant experience overall.They have decent bbq but the service is way too slow! My girlfriend and I waited over 30 minutes for our orders... It seems the kitchen can't handle it when they have a lot of take out orders... We can see to go orders line up on the counter while we waited with empty stomachsOh my gosh the food was amazing! Where do I start? The ribs was so tender and flavorful. I love the variety of sauces and condiments on the table at your convenience. The hush puppies reminds me of the southern restaurant Gardner's, which was my childhood favorite. Now the potato salad black folks especially are always skeptical of were actually good not better than mine of course lol but very delicious. Overall I was not disappointed.Absolute hole in the wall... aka an awesome find.   
$5-6 drafts, and a good variety.   I had the brisket, a cacophony of flavors.Neat little bbq joint near Penn campus.  Ventured here with the work crew for a little lunch and met with a packed house.  This made for a longer than usual lunch, so keep that in mind.  
The lunch menu has some combo specials with your bbq staples.  My buddies said everything was solid.
I sometimes just get the jonesing for a burger and this was one of those days.  Maybe it's because I was craving like a champ, but, this was one of the best burgers I've had in a LONG time.  Perfectly cooked, thick cut, sweet and salty bacon, crispy onions.  Very good.
A huge group of dudes with a case of miller lite cans rolled in the lower level we were in and snuck their way into a hidden room behind a wall.  Pretty neat and a good idea for groups.  They serve beer so not sure how they brought beer, but would love to have a group of 20 friends in there.
Definitely worth checking out, expect a wait, and yes its cramped.Nothing special. Pricey. I had the beef brisket which was kind of a dark grey color and salty with fat chunks. Collards were average. Chicken smoked rice was really salty. Basically inedible. My son had the $10 burger that was good but really small and didn't come with any sides. Saving grace was really good corn bread. 5 kinds of sauce on the table but not one of them mustard based. Sad. Service was friendly but rushed us through our meal and only checked on us once. I won't be back.I ordered take out from Baby Blues BBQ and was very disappointed. The portions were small, the mac & cheese had a funky flavor, and the potato salad was warm when it arrived. I also ordered an apple cobbler dessert. I received a small piece of apple pie (NOT apple cobbler) and a terrible piece of apple pie on top of it. It honestly tasted like stale piece of grocery store pie. The dessert cost $6...    needless to say I will never be ordering from this establishment again.My time at Baby Blues BBQ was great. I had been there before when they first opened years ago and I finally returned since their opening. 
The Service: 5/5
As soon as we walked in, we had been seated immediately for a table for 2. Our waitress gave great recommendations for us. 
The Food: 4/5
We had ordered the Texas-Style Beef Rib and the Tackle Box. The Tackle Box included hush puppies, fried green tomatoes, wings, and tiger shrimp. Hush puppies was something I have never had before and it was interesting. I don't see it as something I'd go out of my way for. The best part of the Tackle Box would have to be the wings. Grilled with a smokey flavor, one of the best smoked wings that I have ever had. The Texas-style beef rib threw me off. I thought it would be a small rack of ribs but it was just one ridiculously large rib. The fat was still on the rib and not rendered off but apparently that's texas style. I thought the meat just fell off the rib so easily which shows that they new how to cook the rib right.
The Atmosphere: 4/5
We were seated by the door which I couldn't see too much of the decor. But you did get a southern feel in the restaurant with the numerous different sauce bottles. 
I truly enjoyed myself at Baby Blues BBQ and it's a shame that their aren't more BBQ restaurants in Philadelphia with cuisine like theirs.Been there twice, once for lunch on a weekend day and once for dinner on a weekday. Both times the service was super slow but I'm a believer in second chances! Almost an hour until we got any food and the staff had nothing to say besides sorry.. They're lucky the food is delicious otherwise I wouldn't have come back the second time.This place is great.  Top notch food, service and ambiance.  If you're looking for a good time with good food, this is the place.My mom and I went to dinner, and I was super excited to sit down and eat because I usually just come for drinks. We got the "Side Car" (4 sides) with Mac& Cheese, Potato Salad, Baker Beans and Collard Greens. We also got the smoked wings and enjoyed their Saturday night special of 5.50 Stoli drinks. The wings were sooo good. We devoured them. The MaC and Cheese was probably the BEST I've had in Philly - dare I say. They use some type of goat or blue cheese in it that was so good, and you can tell they actually baked it. The greens were okay. The cornbread tasted oily, and potatoes in the salad were hard and the baked beans were bland and hard too! I'll be back again, excited to try something new (but not skipping the Mac!)Awesome BBQ joint. The $15 babyback ribs are delicious here and it's more than enough ribs anyway. On top of the meat, there's sauces you can choose, from mild to spicy BBQ. Would recommend every time to fill a ribs craving.Top notch BBQ food a this university city spot. I tried the pulled pork with Mac and cheese and fries and I thought the Mac and cheese was some of the best and richest I've ever had. The pulled pork was good but could've used more sauce. The atmosphere of the place is a little divey but it makes sense because the focus is on the BBQ.good service. boring, sub par  bbq. bbq not even as good as a famous daves chain. what I ate: fried green tomatoes, bbq chicken n long ribs, mac n cheese, corn bread, fries, sweet potato fries. skip it. honey's  has good green tomatoes and brisket.I have to say that this place is A-Ok.  I have been here several times and had a few samples of the BBQ Ribs off the menu.  What makes the meal is the sauces for sure.  If you choose the chicken, ribs, pulled pork or the brisket....you won't be disappointed.  I also enjoyed the side dishes  - I have had better Mac & Cheese, Mashed Sweet Potatoes and cornbread, but remember the centerpieces are the BBQ.  
I must comment that the service is slow and that could use improvement to increase the overall experience, but my motto is as long as the drinks are flowing and they are good - I can deal with slow table service at times.  What made this bearable was the staff were polite, so I didn't make a big deal out of it. 
Overall, it's a cool place to change up the dinner routine, come with a good appetite and see what you think....This review is for catering (although I'm a loyal sit down and take away customer as well) today I had ~$400 of catering delivered. The quality of the food was outstanding and the value incredible. They went out of their way to deliver even during off hours they weren't normally open. They thought of everything (plates, utensils, serving tongs, even a table cloth!) all free of charge. I can't recommend Baby Blues for catering highly enough.Came here on a Saturday night at like 8 so it was packed full, but after calling ahead, my boyfriend and I only had to wait 5 minutes before we got a table. I've had Baby Blues a few times in the 5 years I've been in Philly, and I really like the ribs and just general cooked animal flesh they serve you here. My hankering for sauce-y meat goodness would not be satisfied until I was teeth-deep into a hunk of pork ribs, and Baby Blues did the job.
I got the rib platter, which is a good amount of food for $20. Half a rack of ribs, cornbread, and two sides (I got veggies and mac and cheese. This is not the place you go to eat if you are counting calories. Even the veggies were marinated in butter. Yum!) while my boyfriend got the burger with onion rings on it. Food came out pretty quick for how busy it was, still steaming hot when it came to our table. 
I love the array of sauces they put out but the sweet bbq will always be my favorite. The ribs were flavorful and delicious. The mac and cheese, also good, but I was sort of put off from finishing my portion because of the puddle of grease at the bottom. 
Baby Blues is definitely where you want to go if you have that meat craving. Good food and decent prices. I really want to give them a rating of 4.5. Just half a star taken off because we were seated DIRECTLY in front of the fireplace in the dining area. This was when it wasn't frigid cold outside and within 5 minutes both of us were sweating. They did turn off the fireplace (much to the dirty looks from surrounding Old People) when we asked, but I wouldn't have minded standing an extra 10 minutes or so for a table when we first came in. Putting one directly in the fireplace didn't work for me.Great food, great service, cool atmosphere.
This place is my go-to whenever I am in the University City area. They have great lunch specials and good happy hour deals!Being a TN girl I don't usually eat BBQ in other states. The pulled pork sandwich was wonderful! And the fried okra was awesome!! You could tell it wasn't pulled out of the freezer, pre breaded okra most places serve. 
We will be back!Went here twice and enjoyed the food both times. Great BBQ chicken and they have different sauces you can add to your food. The wings they had were also really good. Place is a little tight but it is worth it for the food. Just wished he portions were a little bigger.Not even 1 star!!!! I'd like to start this review by saying my girlfriend and I had one amazing experience here prior to this. We each ordered a burger medium rare (after getting a call that they ran out of my original order, pulled pork), and we made the orders to go. Upon arriving home at 8:30pm we opened up our dinners only to find that her burger was cooked perfectly, and mine well overdone. Understanding that mistakes happen I gave the restaurant a call in hopes of getting the situation fixed. The manager offered to deliver a new burger personally, which we accepted. At this point not only has my girlfriend finished her dinner, she had to eat alone, but it is now 9:15 when the manager arrives at my door.  When I go downstairs to meet him he tells me that the first burger was over cooked because we ordered them to go. I assured him that my girlfriend's meal was cooked perfectly, so this was not an excuse. It is now close to 9:30 when I finally come back upstairs and open up my much anticipated dinner, and I bite into my burger to find that  the patty is completely raw, cold, and mushy to the touch. There is no shame in selling a 7 dollar burger in Philadelphia, but if you advertise a burger for 12.95 at a barbecue restaurant featured on the food network, an immaculate burger should come out of that kitchen, especially after a second chance. It is very clear that no one here knows how to run a restaurant. Clueless cooks, careless managers to not check the food before it was sent out again. I guess after you get your 5 seconds of fame on tv it's alright to jack up your prices and forget about great service. After getting my money back i walked over to wawa and bought myself a turkey club sandwich which I would've paid  12.95 for after this exhausting experience. I will not be returning.***insider tip: book the secret room!!***
the food is not bad. the corn bread was way worse than anything that's ever come out of my oven. the mac & cheese was pretty good as promised. the meats were decent. the fries were okay, but we were ravenous and shoveled them down. we got the group meal thing for ~6 people and had tons of leftovers. portions very generous.Great food, great service. The staff and management were very friendly and helpful with ordering. Joe the bartender was awesome.  Tori the waitress was very personable. If you are cool enough they might even show you the secret private room.Walked in here to use the restroom and the cleanliness of the kitchen looked like an episode of Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmares. Don't think I'll be trying the food based off reviews and food pictures.Three words- pulled pork sandwich!! That's all you need to try here and you will be a fan as well.. My delicious meat o rama arrived in a toasted bun with coleslaw on top (we're off to a good start).. Sweet potato and regular fries danced around my fattening piece of pork heaven- yummm!! 
The pulled pork (unlike the one served at Pub and Kitchen which I profess I do love) was not dripping in sauce or flavoring but I liked it that way. You could really taste the meat and then could add as much sauce (many flavors provided) as you pleased. Having an aversion to super drippy BBQ this suited me just fine.. Fries were equally delicious. Yeah another nice addition to the W Philly food scene.I've been craving a good BBQ place for awhile and when I saw baby Blues I decided to give it a shot. The aroma coming from this place seems to catch you by the nose and basically force you in as you follow the delectable BBQ smell emanating from the door.
The place is actually bi level. in the basement they have two small tables which are great if you are grabbing dinner with some friends like I was. However since it is kinda small, the waiter doesn't come by as often. 
Every single menu item has meat in it so veggies beware. however they have options ranging from pulled pork sandwiches (which is what I got) to full on platters of meat which would make even Rob Swanson proud.
Food: Plenty to choose from, though the prices leave something to desire. The pulled pork sandwich is right on the money, though it had a bit too much sauce for my liking.
Decor: Very laid back and matched the old southern style house look they are going for.
Service: A bit slow, but thats understandable considering we were down in the basement. The waitress we had was very friendly though, and quite accomadating to my friends.Love BBQ, but not a fan of foods with a heavy smoked flavor.  That's my preference so I should know better when eating BBQ.  So with that out of the way I'll say that this place is pretty decent.  Found by accident while walking by the college at the height of Lunch Hour.  
Got a seat right away and the restaurant was pretty busy.  Very nice server asked is we had eaten there before and we said no.  She took the time to explain the menu and what we could get for lunch specials.  We told her we would like to sample as much as we could and she offered two items; the brisket and ribs and another item that my wife said no to because she was really into the pulled pork sandwich.
I got the combo and my wife got the pulled pork.  We also got the chicken wings knowing we would be taking half home.  Wife loved the pulled pork sandwich.  The wings were a bit to smoky for me, but remember I'm not into the smoke flavor.  Also, like the skin a bit more crispy.  That said they were well cooked and my wife loved them.  Me not so much.  Oh yea, the waitress explained the hot sauces (BBQ) to us and suggested a few mixtures.  Kind of like brewing your own condiments. Spot on.
I like the taste of the ribs and brisket, but did not care for the texture of either, especially the brisket.  A little too overdone for me; very soft.  I would have liked a little more chew.  Too each their own - there were obviously a couple of rooms of people who would disagree with me and the reason for a 4 instead of 3 star review.
Additionally the restaurant is very cozy and laid back.   Can watch the grillmaster at work behind the counter.  All wait staff very accomodating and friendly.  Even gave us extra BBQ sauce for our take home.  Did eat the leftovers for lunch and they were good with my Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce mixed with their XXX sauce.  Don't think I'll be back because of my food preferences, but don't let that stop you.The food took a little bit to get to us but all in all an above average bbq place. The food was well seasoned and my boyfriend raved about his burger. It's not pricey either. The best things we have were the sweet potato fries. They must have been batter dipped because they were so crispy. Love love love. The mac and cheese was different in appearance (looked kind of odd) but still yummy.Best BBQ in town! Love the Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich. Stewed tomatoes are the money and cornbread are not to be missed.Nice meal; good barbecue although the outdoor seating area was not very clean.  Tasty desserts - and then learned they don't serve coffee.  What restaurant doesn't serve coffee?  Wouldn't have ordered dessert if I'd known.  Certainly not a deal-breaker if you like BBQ, but very odd!Fast Fast Fast! That is the service you'll get if you go here. Not only that, but the food was incredible!! I came here for lunch and got a pulled pork sandwich and I swear it did something to me, sometimes food gives you this feeling in your chest-- I think it's called love. It was so good! I had also ordered the bacon as a starter and the only way to describe it would be like eating a small piece of heaven. Imagine the best barbecue you've had, come here because it's this place that you'll think of from now on!! Incredible place! Great service! Great atmosphere!I come there at least twice a year, and always have the Bacon stuffed burger with sweet potato fries, which are REALLY good and tasty. The fries are seasoned perfectly. Also like the chill atmosphere and decor of the place. They usually have good beers on tap.
Service quality can be a bit uneven and slow sometimes.this a college hangout !  I had the beef rib . it was ok it was really charred I really thought it was burnt ! it was black no moisture in the meat ..I had potato salad with it and mashed potatoes the potato salad was the best thing on the plate. this was overpriced $25-$30 for 1 rib ?  my husband had pork ribs and my son had pork ribs . nobody said anything about it so I guess it wasn't great for them either.oh TV's everywhere and college kids .oh I was warned by my son to not use the bathroom . I hate to say not a clean bathroom usually means not a clean kitchen ! I've tried many rib places in the east bay many are better and only half the price.B+
This place serves very BBQ. We went to their food truck for the Night Market and it was very worth our money. We ordered the ribs and the meat was very juicy. The meat fell of the bones without much effort. It is not quite like the BBQ from the southern area, but it comes close. Definitely one of the top BBQ restaurants in Philadelphia.
Their sauces were pretty on point as well. My favorite sauce was their sweet sauce, but I encourage you all the try all of their sauces.Review was written yesterday: I just ordered delivery from Baby Blues BBQ. I ordered the 1/2 Marion Chicken, with two sides of mac n cheese, key lime pie, hush puppies, (and chili but they were out at 3:30 in the afternoon). Food arrived in 40 minutes (I live 5 blocks away, I'm lazy) which was pretty good. The key lime pie was good, small for 7.50, but served with this sweet cinnamon syrup which tastes great. The hush puppies were a little burnt, but it seems like that was the intention. Overall, they are better than the corn bread, which lacks flavor. The chicken and mac n cheese taste exactly like Boston Market. Considering that it costs 17$, I would have been better off heading down the block for a whole chicken and three sides at the same price. All in all, it was a decent food experience. Nothing super memorable and definitely not something I would do again.Awesome place that smelled so good when we walked in. They let a lot of money walk out of the door when they couldn't figure out how to seat my team. They were thinking 2 tables and told us 45 minute wait. I told her to seat us any way they could. There were 9 seats outside and other tables inside. Oh well, Brain freeze.I have been a fan of Baby Blues BBQ since 2005 when I was planning a birthday party for myself. I met the owner Dan at the Venice, CA location and he was more than gracious allowing me to sample almost the whole menu. I didn't end up hiring him to cater my party but I'm a regular there now. Then he opened a store in West Hollywood and I've taken friends there a few times. Imagine my delight when (as I was leaving to visit friends in Philadelphia) he told me his brother opened a store there!
I took a group of 6 and everyone loved the food (well expect one very picky eater). I was most impressed with the consistency of the decor in all the Baby Blues. Danny's brother wasn't able to be there but Danny was phoning in treats for us delivered by our waiter who had been on the look-out for us. We were treated like royalty.
This restaurant is located near the University and we were glad school was out. I'm sure we would have had a long wait otherwise. My friends thanked me and said they would definitely go back.
Wish I had known about the phone charging lockers...a very cool feature, and be sure to ask them about the "private" dining room.My friends and I came here to celebrate finishing our first year of law school. We ordered from the lunch special menu (see the placard on the table) which is a much better deal and the portion size is just right.
I had my way with  rack of baby back ribs, cornbread, and mac and cheese. The ribs were drenched with flavor and the cornbread had a lovely texture and soaked up the excess BBQ from the meat. The mac and cheese is special in that they add a bit of chilli powder so there's a spicy zing to it.
We also ordered a platter of fries for the table. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the fries. They were fantastically seasoned, crisp, piping hot, and the perfect thickness (not "shoestring" and not potato wedges).
The service from the waitstaff was very courteous and attentive. We were seated in an intimate corner in the back indoor patio area and it was really the perfect way to celebrate the end of final exams!Perfect place for visiting Penn students, right in heart of University City and close to Inn at Penn (walking distance, which is key).
Warm and cozy atmosphere inside, even if cold outside, great "escape" feel.
Classic BBQ, with BBQ Gulf Shrimp, Brisket, Blackened Catfish, Corn Bread, you get the idea, true Bayou food.
Great service, aims to please, good night all around.
Only a couple tables for more than 4, so call in advance if you have 6 (hard to seat more than that).Arrived on a Friday evening to a 10-15 minute wait. Hostess called us in over 30 minutes, and was generally rude and flustered. Service unimpressive, they were out of pulled pork, brisket, and ketchup. Pie served cold. Sent it back and it came out cold again. Baby Blues has definitely gotten worse since they opened a few years ago.I had the worse experience of my life at this bar. They are very disorganized and seated my group in a table that was reserved for an hour later. We had just ordered drinks and they decided to make us leave. The owner is a very rude and unprofessional man. They never apologized for their mistake. Instead, they made us pay for drinks we could not have and asked us to leave. It was very unfortunate because we work very close to the bar and intended to go there more often for happy hours.
If you want to have a good time and be respected as a client, this is not the place to go.Oh, what a night.....late October back in 2010....the Phillies brought it back and we ate well. My husband, brother in law and sister in law stopped in after an event at Penn last night. We sat at the bar. The owners are brothers and come from a family of ten boys (I think) and you can tell. There is a great camraderie in the place and we had a blast. Everyone but me ordered the brisket and were very pleased. I intially wanted to catfish, but they were out, so I had the shrimp. They were delicious, as were the mashed sweet potatoes. The space is cozy and Philly-themed decorated. Compared to the prices and quality of Percy Street BBQ, the meats are less fatty (in a good way), there are more choices of healthier sides (not that any of us selected them - ha ha!) and the prices are more reasonable. I can't wait to come back!So. Good. John the owner is such a wonderful guy. I don't know what I liked better, the wings the brisket or the ribs. It was all so good. Definately get the mac and cheese! Great beer selection and the restaurant has so much character. Please check it out if you have the chance, you won't be disappointed!!!I had heard that it was a good place to eat. Took my daughter there for lunch yesterday. Besides the half hour wait for food. What came to us was not good. I ordered a burger. One of their 1/2lb burgers. Not a chance it was that big. Would get a bigger better burger for less at some of the lunch trucks. And it was way over cooked. Well beyond the well done i asked for. My daughter ordered a rib special. 3 ribs, fries and a cornbread. Fries and cornbread were fine. The ribs had an over cooked thick hard crust on the top. Certainly not moist and tender. Thought that was the reason it took so long to get the food. It just sat under some heat while someone just didnt pick it up or care to take it out when it was done. If it were just me the food would have gone back. But i didnt want to embarrass her. Want a drink and dont care about the food then the place is fine.I had a half rack of the Memphis styled baby back ribs and was not pleased. First off the cost is waaay too much ($14) for baby back ribs. Then when you consider the ribs are are all burnt on the surface. You would hope it's that well smoked and caramelized layer but it's all charred meat. Won't return.Went for lunch with a friend and the food was great. The service was excellent. Very friendly atmosphere. Also liked the fact that the kitchen is exposed and the ability to see how the food is prepared!!! Great choice! Would definitely recommend!!!!We had my sons 10th birthday party here, downstairs. They were so nice and patience and kind. The food was amazing, as always. The boys, after playing a game of football at Upenn, it was an amazing experience to go down and chill out. The mamas got to sit outside of the 'man/boy cave' and have some nice drinks.Food is of decent quality but overpriced. Sandwiches and burgers no longer include french fries (seriously), so the $9+ price seems ridiculous. Pleasant service though, and the banana pudding is awesome.I had a pleasant dining experience thanks in part to my server Tara.  She informed me that cornbread was not ready to have a Suicide King made which I was looking forward too, but rather than me and my friend wait she suggested other options. 
 I did enjoy the wings albeit they were not out of this world.  The hush puppies were good enough to make me forget about the cornbread and the cinnamon butter was a good condiment though I wish I had a little more, but I probably should have asked lol.
Overall, I had a good first dining experience here and would probably return if I'm in the mood for some bbq.Got the butchers block with some coworkers. Plenty of ribs and chicken but they skimped on the pulled pork and the brisket. Slightly disappointing to split a tiny bowl of brisket between 4 people. Otherwise great BBQ.Great food.  I had the open-faced pulled pork with some collars greens, cornbread and sweet potato fries and it was nothing short of great.This is by far the best barbecue I have had in the city( life long resident). This little gem on Sansom street is phenomenal the staff is great, very attentive and personable... I sat at the bar and felt like I was part of the crowd and then there was the food... I'm surprised I have fingers left after that meal the sauce is bossAm guessing it's better to just come here for beers. I went for lunch, and it stunk. 
Honestly, this was probably the worst pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. I wasn't surprised when I read all the other crappy reviews of it on here before posting this. On the bright side, the skin on my friend's chicken (haha) looked awesome, so order that if you ever decide to give Baby Blues a try. 
Anyways, as far as the sandwich- the bread was soggy, the seasoning was not appetizing at all (think kitchen sink of spices and odd flavors - not savory, tangy, delicious BBQ), and worst of all, the meat was horrendous. I was pulling pieces of inedible fat (not even the chewy kind) out of my mouth every other minute. On the flip side, the cornbread and mac and cheese were pretty damn good, and our server was really nice. 
Pulled pork- 0.5 stars
Cornbread & mac and cheese - 3.5 starsThis place is pretty good.  The atmosphere is great, staff is friendly and the drinks are cold.  The bbq is pretty good.  The brisket and baby back ribs seemed the best.  Pork was decent, not the best pork flavor.  The pork may be over-rubbed.  The sides are really good, best corn bread I've ever had.  The hush puppies are off-the-chain.   
I literally had the meat sweats, heart palpitations and felt like I was going to explode after eating here.  Platters are huge, lunch specials are more moderate.  Everything was so good I could not stop.  It's a little pricey, but fairly reasonable for the amount of meat/food you get.  Legit bbq isn't normally cheap.Baby Blues? More like Baby Euphoria! This place is awesomesauce! I went to this spot on a Saturday night and had a phenomenal time. They had a full open bar with a wide selection of whiskey and scotch, which I thoroughly enjoyed. They had several cold beers on tap, but even more beers by the bottle. The bar area was a bit cozy, but the crowd of people was chill and easy going, so it wasn't a big deal.
The service was also great. The bartenders clearly know what their doing and the staff is friendly and fun. The atmosphere is really casual and everyone is down to have a good time.
Let's not forget this is a BBQ place. I tried some of the brisket and, of course, their wings. Soooo delectable! They also leave a variety of sauces on the table for you to sample and choose. Maybe it's 'cause I'm Asian, but I loved the XXX hot sauce and I highly recommend it if you like some heat on your meat!
Other pros: (i) BB BBQ is on OpenTable so you can earn dining points for eating here; and (ii) they have a charging station where you can charge your cell phone for free while you hang out!
I don't really like going to University City to drink and/or dine, but with the food and the service here, I'm definitely willing to make the trip. Will definitely come back again!We were just there for lunch and only had sliced brisket sandwiches but it was very good as were the four different kinds of hot sauce. I ordered the coleslaw side dish which was excellent with a light dressing. The wait staff was good and it was a very lively place with lots of different kinds of customers. The decorations and ambience were quite unique. I would like to try the ribs sometime as that's the final judgment for such a restaurant but for the time being, I was very satisfied.One of those unsuspecting gems you come across. Best barbeque ribs and chicken I've had. The sweet chilli sauce and the XXX sauce is a combination to remember, while the sweet potato fries are a staple to savor. Really excellent food, cooked to perfection, with GREAT service. The waitress gave us the best suggestions of drinks and sauces to try with our food.
To top it all off, the banana pudding FANTASTIC. Its better than the one at Magnolia's in Manhattan - and that's saying something.I was pretty excited to come here because I had heard a lot about Baby Blues, friends had given it rave reviews. They beginning was right on point with what I was hoping. They had Victory Festbier, one of my favorites, which is tough to come by outside of Downingtown. Unfortunately the beer was skunked, an apt start to the meal it seems. 
The rest of the meal and experience was interesting. I must say, the brisket was amazing, I thought it was actually on par with Dekes in Manayunk and Fette Sau in Fishtown. Unfortunately the sweet potatoes were very runny and the mac and cheese, which I had high hopes for, was swimming in oil. 
The service was relatively slow considering our order was pretty simple and the place was not crowded.
Maybe I caught it on the wrong day, but not a great first impression for me. My girlfriend has been here plenty of times and this was different for her as well, so we may come back to try again in awhile.My quest for the best brisket is over!!! Love the atmosphere, good service, we will be back soon!Very good experience! Waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful when recommending dishes. Good was very tasty & flavorful. Came here because of a groupon but will definitely be back!I haven't had barbeque in several years, so I'm not sure how authentic it was, but the food was definitely delicious.  I ordered the pulled pork platter with sauteed okra and collard greens.  I really enjoyed their regular bbq sauce mixed with XXX.  I didn't care for the hot sauce or apple cider vinegar, which was oddly flavorless, and I didn't try the sweet bbq sauce with molasses and brown sugar.  The pork was savory and so juicy, it soaked my cornbread.  The okra was seasoned and cooked well- not slimy at all, and had some stewed tomatoes for sweetness.  I feared being served mushy collard greens, but these were pleasantly soft with a little chew and a lot of flavor.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  This restaurant is highly recommended!okay, im yelping today because i ate here last night...
let me say it was f*cking awesome.  I ordered the little anthony(beef brisket and cole slaw on a long roll) with fries(mixed yam and potato) fair prices great atmosphere cool staff.   its too bad the world has deemed smoking such a horrible thing, because only one thing would have made this meal perfect , a nice cigar afterwards.
i expect more great things to come from this place.  Its about time ucity got some good bbq, and not another gay steven starr joint 
okay, ready for the cure for any hang over? 
 beef rib + hush puppies + bloody mary + bloody mary= cured
I will stand by this.  Sure you pay around 50 bucks but who wants a hang over.  and I'm talking HUNG HUNG HUNG over.The best!!! Head and shoulders above every other BBQ place in the city. The only problem I've ever had at Baby Blues is everything is so good I never know what I want to order. The servers are always very friendly and get you everything in a timely manner. Great place to go before a hoops game at the palaestra. Hight recommended!!!The food here is really good..well, okay. I got ribs which were SO spicy. I couldn't enjoy them. However my boyfriend got brisket which was not spicy, and was tender and delicious. The sides are really good, especially the mac and cheese. So, I will make sure to get brisket next time. Also, they're pretty expensive, to me. I mean, not insane, but not cheap. Better than any other BBQ I've had around here, though.My first time here even tho I've been at Penn for a few years now. I got the Memphis Queen platter which featured half rack of Memphis style ribs and half rack of baby back ribs plus two fixins (I got Mac and cheese and sweet potato fries). The Memphis Style Ribs were really good with the house made sweet sauce which had a nice acidic kick to it. Would recommend getting just the Memphis over the baby back ribs which were slightly dry. The star of the show was the sweet potato fries; insanely good, so addictive - I finished them all.My fiance is an avid BBQ lover, and choose this place for his 30th birthday celebration. We had a wonderful, wonderful night here! 
Now to be honest I'm a vegetarian, but all of the meat lovers around me were very happy with their food. My fiance had the ribs and thought they were delicious. I was happy with the option of ordering a platter of sides, guided by our server who thankfully was very clear about what was and was not veg friendly (no collard greens for me as they are made with pork, but the mac n cheese and the mashed sweet potatoes were quite tasty, as was the cornbread). 
Mostly though, my rating is for how very kind and accommodating the staff were. They let me arrive early, put up some "30" decor, and were even kind enough to put the boston creme pie I'd made for my fiance (his fav) in the fridge for us. Our server was wonderful, and took great care of our large group. At the end of the night when I offered to help clean up the decorations I was reassured by multiple people that it was okay and they were happy to take care of it. 
Thanks for helping to make my fiance's 30th b'day dinner a great night! We'll be back for more low key nights in the future :-)This place was amazing and the food along with atmosphere was a southern twist. I have to admit having southern roots made me leery walking in but the smell along with the food being prepared in front of me made me feel right at home. The pull pork was so tender and mouth watering and the mac and cheese/collard greens were amazing. I started off with the dry rub wing's that had me at hello and I ended it with the authentic banana pudding. If your in the UPenn area I guarantee you'll thank me. Thanks Brenda for my awesome experienceI'm a pretty big BBQ fan (I mean real BBQ) and have been for a long time. My friends were extremely eager to get me to go here and raved about how good it is. I didn't think it was that good. Here's what i had and my rationale:
1. Beef brisket
Didn't taste like it was actually smoked, tasted like it was just dry rubbed, then slow cooked in an oven. The dry rub came off as just OK, not impressive. The brisket was tender, but they served it as just a hunk that wasn't cut up, so there were a bunch of "brisket strings". They should have taken the brisket hunk and cut it at a 90 degree angle to the grains (the "strings" if you will). This was a crying shame because my favorite BBQ dish is smoked brisket, not only was it cut incorrectly (Hint: you shouldn't need a knife to eat brisket, it was tender enough for that to be the case, but cut incorrectly.)
2. Fried Okra:
The outside was crispie and the batter was OK. There just wasn't too much flavor to it. Usually when I get fried okra there's some cayenne pepper in the batter to give it a kick. This was just bland. 
3. Mac and Cheese:
This was actually really good. It was rich, had a good amount of cheese, and was topped off with bread crumbs. 
4. Corn bread:
The corn bread was soggy and not that flavorful. 
Sauces:
I sampled all 4 sauces. I'm usually into hot BBQ sauces, so I started with the XXX sauce (my friends call it "porno sauce"). This stuff was decently hot, but there wasn't much else to the favor. It wasn't so hot that it was inedible, just not that flavorful. The "Hot" tasted about the same as the "porno sauce". The sweet was actually my favorite of the lot because it had the most flavor to it... I ended up mixing 1:1 porno and sweet. 
Beers:
They have a great beer selection.The food here is the ultimate formula for soul food! The ribs are delicious, along with their sauces they give you on the table. The fixin's (I had creamer spinach and Mac and cheese) were great. The Mac and cheese came a little cold but that's fine. The only thing that really bothered me was our waitress my friends and I were dying for water and she literally looked at our glasses with a pincher of water in her hand yet walked right passed us.. and she really didn't seem to care about how we were doing she never came back to check on us or anything it's like we were never really there and she took forever with everything. But ultimately, the place was was beautiful and the food was fabulous!DRY IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT. Holy crap their food is super dry. I was starving one night and decided to order in from BBB and got the baby back ribs, mashed potatoes, baked beans and cornbread. Thank GOD I had two 20oz Arizona teas in my fridge, otherwise I don't know how I would have gotten that food down!I've been to Blues many times and always go back. I love the atmosphere and the food. The wings and ribs are ridiculous, the meat just falls off the bones. Every person I have brought there for both business and personal have been back several times now. I love how you can mix all the different BBQ sauces they have and come up with a ton of different favors. If you haven't been yet I would highly recommend going and hidden room is pretty cool too.This place was barely okay.
I felt that took a somewhat weird and bland approached to BBQ food.
But that's not where it starts. When I first arrived to pick-up my order, they were really confused. I was sent to the crowded bar in a small space. They did not know where my order was, but after an inventory check realized it was under the name of some guy named Steve who had a tab running.
Also, they left out my drink, and only because I checked did I get one added to my order.
All of this would have been forgiven if I enjoyed my meal.
I ordered the pulled pork platter. It was cooked well and that's about it. It was the plainest, most bland, flavored pulled pork I ever had. I was desperate for BBQ sauce to douse on it. However, I was no where near it so I had to tolerate the boring pulled pork.
One of my sides was creamed spinach, or what they claimed was creamed spinach. It was more like sauteed spinach with some cream sauce poured over it. It didn't taste so bad, but not as good as the real deal.
My other side was mac n cheese, probably one thing that should be easy to get right. But guess what? It too was bland. My god, this place sure specializes in flavorless foods.
My wife ordered the smoked link. Another, eh, maybe okay dish, but really not that good. It was nothing she expected. It was the kind of link that has a mushy inside, which she did not like.
She got a side of whipped sweat potatoes, possible the one thing that was good, not including the desert. Her other side was baked beans. What the hell? It was like cooked beans with hardly any sauce that added any sort of flavor to it.
After getting through our boring meals, we were at least pleasantly surprised that their key lime pie was really good.
So, if we ever return, it will be for cake, and nothing else.A great place to grab a quick meal while visiting Penn. quick seating and service. We sampled the ribs, pulled pork and the MacNow. Rave reviews from all. We shared some cornbread which was amazing.Been here twice. Once had a BBQ chicken dish and once had baby back ribs. Not the best BBQ I've ever had, but pretty good and maybe the best BBQ I've had in Philly. They could improve by having a larger draft beer selection and coming down on their prices a few dollars. Overall, I'll go back (should be best on a summer day if they are able to open the windows) and I'm glad there's now a BBQ place in West Philly.I left a bag in the restaurant and called to ask if they had found it. I came back the next day to retrieve the bag and found a note inside that said, "Leaving a $2.60 tip on a $46 meal is pretty shitty. Here's your bag." Our meal was $37 and we left a generous tip. The waitress must have mistaken us for the people sitting at the table after us, however it is completely unacceptable and unnecessary to speak to paying customers in such a rude way. If the people after us at the table had the same service we did (extremely slow, forgot to take our order for half an hour), I do not blame them for their less-than-generous tipping.When we walked into Baby Blues on a Saturday night about 9pm and got the last table in the funky front room without a wait, we thought we were lucky. When we left 90 minutes later, we weren't so sure. I'll try it again off-peak. If I had this experience twice, the restaurant would get 1 Star. 
Reasons to go back- 
Waitress and food runner were friendly, and the highlight of the experience. The prices were reasonable and portions large (If you like that). There was smoke in the air so the potential is there. The vibe was good and the room was fun. Great location in the cleavage of the Penn/Drexel bosom, nestled in the shadow of White Dog.
Reasons NOT to go back - 
The food was certainly not "joint" worthy, or even up to the standards of the q-chains like Famous Dave's. The Memphis ribs were unlike any I've had in Tennessee; cool inside, charred outside, under cooked and tough to pull off the bone. The brisket was a contradiction, smokey but no ring, tender, but dry.  Brisket and Pulled Pork sliders lacked the juicy, in-your-face and on-your-shirt conviction that fresh, proper q dictates. The meat had some bark, but without the concentrated oomph you expect from a good rub and hours basting in its own fat and real wood smoke.
Sides - undersized portion of over spiced slaw, sexless cornbread, unremarkable mac n cheese, grainy, cold-in-the-middle mashed potatoes; all basically not worth the calories. The "Smash" cocktail was, for $10, unbalanced and carried only the faintest whisper of bourbon. About 40 minutes order-to-service. Miss Hostess was all business and devoid of warmth. The men's room looked like a crime scene.Food was outstanding, best BBQ I had ever had. Service was fantastic, she was blonde and had a great smile. If you haven't been here... Get here.Not too much competition for bbq in Philadelphia, so this is a great addition to the Philadelphia food scene.  The atmosphere is great and is a good alternative to the UPenn food court or other restaurants on Sansom.  As far as the food goes, it is worth the lunch special prices, but be careful when ordering from the main menu - the food is overpriced when it gets above $18 an entree.  I had a sampling of a smoked link, beef brisket and pulled pork.  The meats were good and the sauces on the table were all great.  XXX and Sweet on pulled pork was my favorite combination.  For drinks, there's a different drink special every day of the week.  Be advised though, if you know what good Guinness tastes like, you will be disappointed in the pint from here.  Something didn't seem quite right about its flavor.  However, the waitress quickly offered to replace it and I had an Allagash instead which tasted great.We were on our way for oysters and happened by and decided to audible.  1st: They have beef  ribs: hard to find.  Thought it was pricey at first, but I left over full and it was one of the best beef ribs I've ever had.  Server couldn't have been more delightful.  Can't wait to go back.From the minute we walked in, the server took at least 10 minutes to stop by the table and introduce herself. At that point, my party of 3 was not that irritated, although service was not particularly busy. We went right into the order and the food came out quickly and well prepared. The part that ruined the night was when my friend found a small bug in her water glass. On an off chance, I check my water and there I spotted a bug as well. When we confronted the waitress, she passive aggressively asked what we wanted them to do about it. How about give us a new water for starters and tell the manager? Instead, we just said that it was unacceptable and waited to see what she would so about it. When she brought out the check as if nothing happened and didn't even apologize, we blew it off as just another example of poorly trained waitstaff. I will order again for the food, but maybe delivery or takeout is best.Went when it first opened. Was not impressed. Decided to give it a try a month ago. We had a drink and I ordered chicken to go. Now,I know blackened chicken is a thing but when I got home and opened it, the chicken was completely burned. So, needless to say meh....We stopped in for a beer after doing our rounds in university city. We were pleasantly surprised by a carefully curated craft brew selection and the wonderful smell of smoked meats upon entering.
The staff were super friendly. They gave us free pulled pork (which was excellent) and Philadelphia Brewing Company's Fleur De Lehigh, an excellent spiced beer I'd never had the pleasure of having before. It was warm, so they put it on ice to cool it down for me.
If you are in University City, you owe to yourself to check this place out!We were walking along 34th and out of the corner of my eye I see a neon BBQ sign 20yds or so down an alley...I said, "Wait a minute....What have we here?"  We were hungry and were discussing options.  
First off, it's HOMEY...feels like you're home here.  The staff were fantastic (I was wearing a Seahawks ballcap/jersey...there for the game...they gave me some good-natured ribbing, but all in good fun.  
The waiter...now his name eludes me...but, that guy was exceptional.  Walked us through the menu and made things feel like it was quite ok to be strangers in a new city.  He gave us a few wings and mixed a couple of the sauces together to make this divine concoction--on the house!  We (my daughter and her husband) drove up from Virginia Beach, VA...there we get a pretty good North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich.  Baby Blues does North Carolina better than North Carolina does North Carolina!  
Had a locally-brewed ale (Yards Brawler), which was delicious.  The food was so darn good....even the baked beans were beyond what anyone would reasonably expect from such a simple dish...theirs had 4-5(?) different beans, a great baked sauciness, chopped onions...heck, I don't know...they were awesome!  My daughter and I each had a pulled pork sandwich.My bf found this place online and suggested we try it out while we were in town. While the place itself is small and got very busy and claustrophobic and loud during happy hour, the food made up for it. I had the blackened catfish sandwich with mixed fries and my bf had ribs with sides of mac and cheese and mashed sweet potatoes. Both dishes were absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. The fries were the perfect amount of crispy and not salty (which is great for me since im not a fan of lots of salt). 
Highly recommended, and there is a very good chance we will return next time we're in Philly.We were going somewhere else for lunch and changed our mind as we walked by this place and smelled the food on the street. It was so good that we went back a couple days later for dinner. We ordered the Memphis Ribs, one of the burgers, and baked beans for lunch. Dinner was the beef brisket, baby backs, collard greens and the okra....delicious!!! The customer service was outstanding....everyone was so nice, especially Danny!!! Can't wait to go back!!!I did enjoy the side dishes (fixin) you can get when you order platter. They are delicious. the cob on blue cheese is the first time I have tried this way of cooking, and I have to say I like it. my friend and I both ordered ribs, and I do think the 1/2 rack of baby back is a good value of that price, at least better than what you can get from Chili's or Applebee's. I think the rib they offered is really meaty and the smoked one I had is well cooked, not fatty and a average level of crispy.Came here to celebrate my birthday with my best friend. I've been craving barbecue for a while so we got to sample a bit of everything. I ordered The Rib Picker with Memphis style ribs and brisket. Got a side of corn on the cob and pork & beans. My friend got the smoked chicken with macaroni and cheese & mashed potatoes. Ordered a side of hush puppies. The hush puppies were crazy hot and fresh, crispy on the outside and nice and moist inside. Yummy honey butter. The ribs were great with a good rub on them. Lots of flavor on its own and didn't need to be doused and drowned in BBQ like some cheap bbq places. Maybe just a little to explore their sauces which were all pretty good in moderation. Brisket was tasty with some good burnt ends. Chicken was super moist and tasty. The sides were all decent but special mention goes to the pork and beans which were the best I've ever had. The variety of beans added a lot of depth of flavor. Considering how much we ordered our bill was only $60 which was shockingly cheap. We both had a great time. Great service. Cannot wait to return.I just got back from eating at Baby Blues and to be honest, as soon as I go home, I went straight to write this review. I left the ribs I took home in the car...they're probably gonna go bad.
I'm no expert in the BBQ world, but I do manage to grasp common knowledge from watching the Food Network, which does an excellent job of depicting how quality BBQ restaurants prepare their signature  dishes. Here's a video to help you understand the difficulty and effort that goes into great BBQ: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu-oobRhesU
Recently opened Baby Blues is pricier than other places and your ROI is not so great, as the food is pretty mediocre. The platters run from $14-20, and each comes with cornbread and two sides of your choice. 
I ordered the pulled pork, which was decent, flavor-wise, but a little overcooked. The portion was small, but the sides made up for it. I had the mac and cheese and creamed spinach, both of which were extremely delicious! The mac and cheese is a must-try - rich and creamy, and elevated by its bread crumb topping. The creamed spinach was a tad salty, but that's how I like it.
My friend ordered the baby back ribs which were okay, but definitely not something I'd think about if I'm hungry during class. The mashed potatoes we ordered were EXTREMELY sour. I gave it the benefit of the doubt, thinking that it was excessive use of sour cream and NOT spoiled butter or milk. However, the waitress was friendly and asked us if we wanted another side and later informed us that they were still fixing their menu and our comment was beneficial to their business. 
So overall, not that great, especially for the price you're paying. I'll give it another shot sometime in the spring so they can fix themselves up, but until then I'll walk a few more yards and eat at New Deck or Mad Mex.This wasn't my first place choice to eat but I certainly don't regret it. The waitress informed us the menu was limited that day because of some event they did earlier. I wasn't mad about it the options were still pretty plentiful. I chose the bbq chicken plate with a side of Mac and cheese and collard greens. I didn't realize i was getting half a whole chicken. Talk about large portions that ended up being very filling. The Mac and cheese was decent. The collard greens were flavorful and tender. The chicken tasted like it was cooked on a charcoal grill. Perfection! If I visit Philly again I'll stop here again to check out their full menu. A side note their bathroom could use some renovating.I read a lot of these reviews, and if you notice the people giving 1 and 2 stars all mention how great the food is but how expensive it is. Well, let me clarify a few things. It is not a cheap place because they are serving real food, not Sysco truck garbage. We were there on a Sat night, and it was packed , and the wait staff (and kitchen) are still a little confused on how to deal with big crowds, but they managed to deal with a smile which is all I can ask for. The wings are without a doubt some of the best I have ever had. This is the real deal people...they may not cook up the flavor that appeals to you, but it is real BBQ happening right there is west philly, and its not out of a truck or trailer. Highly recommend it, and hope to hear from you after your visit. I've been to more than a few famous BBQ joints, County Line in Austin, Pappy's Smokehouse in St Louis, Daddy D's in Atlanta....this place can stand right next to the most famous. For the record...Famous Dave's shouldn't be as  famous as it is in my book. Only complaint is beer could be a few degrees colder (it would help when you are eating such hot food) and the short haired girl who is the hostess needs to learn how to say YES, to a walk in, when they have 10 empty tables,. Go...eat....enjoy. The burp keeps on delivering hours later.LOVED Baby Blues BBQ. They have a huge menu with a lot of options. It's also semi-reasonably priced, especially the sandwiches. 
I had beef brisket and it was amazing! I dream about that brisket... Just waiting to get back to Philly to stop in and have it again.
The sweet potato fries were really good and the mac and cheese was pretty good (i have high standards for mac.)
I've recommended Blues to a few friends and they have all enjoyed their BBQ.
It has a great decor and set up... and the staff was very friendly.
It's worth going to at least once.Fried catfish with sauce, but I can't taste the fish.  Cornbread is moist but could be sweeter.  Mac n cheese has a nice tangy flavor but was kind of soggy.
It's ok to try it.My first time eating here was such a delight. A coworker and I walked over for lunch and just walking up the smell was appetizing. The wait staff was super attentive and friendly . We ordered the blue devil combo (4 meats and 3sides) and everything was delicious. The pork, brisket, ribs and chicken yummmmy!! The fried okra and cream spinach were my fav   I wasn't crazy about the chicken (white meat was dry) nor Mac n cheese (one of the cheeses was bitter). The apple cider vinegar concoction on the table was refreshing on the meats as well. Definitely coming back!!Good BBQ at a college establishment.  The wings and sauce were good.  The Macnow sandwich was also quite good, as was the cornbread.  It has a strong college feel, but that's to be expected.  Friendly staff as well.Went there with friends for dinner. I like the their ribs a lot - if they could be juicier, that would be even better! The portion is so big and I didn't finish it. Other food we ordered that night is quiet average. 
Service-wise I think they could do better. One waitress totally forgot my friend's order and we waited 30 minutes until we found out that.My boyfriend and I got delivery from Baby Blues BBQ, and we felt it was very mediocre. We ordered the Baby Back Ribs Platter, expecting this to be a good dish since the restaurant is a BBQ place. We also got mac and cheese and mashed potatoes as our sides, and our order came with two pieces of cornbread. 
There were 6 ribs, which had very little meat and were a little burnt, which wasn't too much of a problem. The mashed potatoes were alright, nothing amazing, and the mac and cheese tasted strangely sour. The cornbread was chunky and flavorless. Overall, the food wasn't TERRIBLE, but it certainly wasn't anything I'd ever crave or spend $27 on again.The restaurant is very cool and eclectic. The food is not as good as we expected it to be. The mac and cheese was very rich and creamy. However, the blackened catfish lacked seasonings as did the sweet potatoe fries. Wings were good, you can add your choice of sauces that are on the table to them. The wings themselve were good, not great. My husband had the brisket sandwich. He said it was okay. The waitress was right on the money with the beer recommendation.This place is very good. I only wish they kept their pulled pork in barbecue sauce already, because then it would be moister, but their options of sauces are good. Slightly overpriced.This was one of the worst dining experiences I have had in recent memory. Not only was the service extremely slow and lousy but the food was awful! The glass of wine we ordered was flat and needed to go back. The food took super long to come out of the kitchen. The only decent part of our meal were the fried green tomatoes which you still needed to wipe the extra grease off of. We ordered the Side Car which is choice of 4 sides and cornbread. The Mac N Cheese was not only unedible but cold. The cornbread was beyond greasy. The grilled veggies were also very greasy and the "creamed" spinach was nothing more than sautéed spinach leaves in some kind of very runny non discript sauce. The highlight of the meal was the corn on the cob. We then ordered a burger for my daughter as she wouldn't eat the Mac and not only was it $11 and came with nothing but took forever. We had all finished our meals when she was served. For four of us, our meal was almost $80. Plus tip. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone. Just because you are on a college campus doesn't mean you have to serve lousy food.Thanks to the owner Fish, mgr Pete and the great staff for making my visit to Philly amazing.  This is hands down the best BBQ place in Philadelphia, great service in a very nice building with seating for groups or just a table for 2.  The downstairs also has seating with street level views for people watching. Private party space also available.  
The 4 types of sauce can be mixed in any combination and will deliver a full punch of flavor, Mild, Sweet, Hot and XXX.
I had the beef brisket platter with sides of Mac and Cheese and smashed potatoes.  The sides were nice full portions with plenty of flavor but didn't leave your tastebuds overwhelmed, it was a nice balance. 
The smokey brisket was a nice stack of tasty slices, perfect to absorb the afore mentioned sauces. 
Plenty of paper towels available at the tables so go ahead and dig in!  
The  atmosphere was warm and pleasant and makes you feel comfortable.  Cool amenities like a phone charging station, private room area and neighborhood charm make this a 'must see, while in Philly.Order the chocolate mousse cake for pickup. Had peanut butter in it and not in the description on the menu and I am allergic to peanuts. Thank god for a full epi pen. I also had to re-ask for utensils even though I asked to have it added to my order. The cornbread was terrible , very mealy.  Service leaves a lot to desired per reviews, I thought takeout would better. Guessed wrong.Just ordered the Spike! Brisket, pulled pork and spicy sausage...it was amazing! Try the XXX sauce... It was fruity with tons of heat! Mac and cheese was very tasty too!The pulled pork is really delicious and the cornbread is excellent and they have a lot of interesting side dishes ... and I happen to be in a good mood, so let's say it's a 4.
Now if you ask me about the pricing, color me confused.  I'm partial to the pulled pork and that is probably a good thing because if I wanted to sample the other barbecue stuff I might be pulled to their 2 or 3 or 4 meat combinations, each of which must just add on another full meal at an escalating price.  All of their combo and family-style stuff looks to be cheaper if you just went after the components.  That and the small dessert portions scare me.I've been to Baby Blues three times for lunch. My latest trip brought me with two companions around noon and we were seated at a high top table. I usually order the pulled pork sandwich, but this time I chose the Cherokee Spike lunch platter with brisket, pulled pork, and beef link. It came with one "fixin" and cornbread, I chose a side salad. My companions opted for the pulled pork sandwich and the Razorback lunch platter 1/3 rack ribs with pulled pork. The lunch platters are filling and decently priced. However, the brisket and pulled pork were both very fatty and I found that I needed to eat around a lot of the fatty parts. The beef link was spicy which I wasn't expecting. The cornbread was really moist and didn't fall apart like dry cornbread does, bonus points! The server was nice and we were in and out in less than an hour. It was a fine meal, but nothing that left a fantastic impression on me. OK option if you're looking to satisfy a craving for BBQ, but not the best around.I gave it an extra star because the manager took the time to write a sincere apology (though it was absolutely not necessary), but it was really nice.The best part about this place is that... THEY DELIVER! What an absolutely fabulous idea. The delivery was fast, the food was hot, the delivery guy was pleasant, the ribs were wonderful! I was anxious to try the hushpuppies since I have heard good things about them. They were tasty, but a little greasy and not what I had in mind. They were more like a fritter than a hushpuppy. I am still on a quest to find a replica of the type of hushpuppy you get in the south. These were far from what I was looking for, but don't get me wrong - there were very good. I liked the corn in them. It was a great, convenient and reasonably priced meal and I will definitely be ordering (or visiting) here again!I'm only giving this place 3 stars because of the bread. Got a beef brisket sandwich and Mac and cheese. The flavor was amazing for everything! But how can you put amazing meat on plain white bread? Give me bread that won't fall apart when I pick up the sandwich! Perhaps a brioche bun? If I'm paying $12 for a sandwich, I expect to actually eat the bread, not have it fall apart in my hand. Essentially had to eat the meat and slaw with a fork because the bread was inedible.I grew up in Texas, and spent six years in Tennessee before moving to Philadelphia. I have been to many barbecue restaurants in the Northeast that claim to have excellent barbecue. I have universally been disappointed in the past. We were on our way to another restaurant when we smelled the scent of delicious meat venting from the smoker. We went in and it was packed wall-to-wall yet decided to wait for a table. We were seated timely manner. We had the shrimp and the baby back ribs. They were spot on. They were smoked to a delicious pink, with the tasty but not overwhelming rub. They were not doused in barbecue sauce and burned like many other northern establishments who claim barbecue fame. There was also not a strong vinegar flavor that seems to be common in this part of the country.  They were comparable with Calhoun's in Rivergate Tennessee which has won national awards repeatedly for best ribs in America.  I have absolutely no idea what some of the other reviewer's are complaining about as far as the quality of the food. Perhaps they are just northerners Who think that barbecue is about the quantity of sauce poured over a piece of crockpot meat.
We chose coleslaw, potato salad, and baked beans has her sides and were not disappointed. The cornbread was the only disappointment. The service was great the drinks were strong and I will definitely be visiting again.Live in Delaware currently (sucks!). Just had a daughter born at CHOP. Ive been frequenting several nearby spots this being one I was looking forward to. All that being said for once the hype didn't kill it for me. This place is gangster! Got my son ribs which thankfully he didn't want and I destroyed them and almost ate the bones. I got the bacon blue burger which I barely got to try but my son killed the whole thing and loved it and he's a picky 7 year old. Got the old lady chicken sandwich and some sides. Mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, corn bread. She's super picky and loved it all but will agree chicken sandwich was just ok but she didn't get any slaw which in my opinion you dont change the chefs ideas. Also accidentally took wings a guy next to me had for take out in bag right up on mine. He works at white dog café and wears glasses if anyone reads this and knows him he said he frequents there I'm gonna try to go to both places tomorrow to pay him back don't  know his name feel like a real a hole. By the way those wings were a life changer sorry dude I promise ill pay you back but those wings rocked. Can't wait to go back and good beer selection and small local good vibe.Awesome bbq right in the heart of upenn's campus!  I've been here about 3 times and wish I went a little more before leaving the area.  I usually would get one of their combo platters to try a bunch of their meats and their sides are amazing.  Delish Mac and cheese and a pretty decent beer selection.   Service has always been good here and it's a bit pricy for a college area restaurant but probably one of the better bbq places nearby.I'm a little late and I don't have photos but wow this was some of the best BBQ ribs I've ever had. I went a few weeks ago on December 30th. Waiters were dressed casually so that was a little odd, but the food was amazing. Corn bread is unique and very good. Drinks were a little pricey but for the most part okay. Mac and cheese was a little dry but nonetheless it was good and I took home yummy leftovers. Good place, I would recommend if you love BBQ!