The food here needs so much help.  I have ordered the mac and cheese twice and both times it's been a disaster. The first time it was cold, which I thought might have been the cause for the diminished flavor. The second time, it was warm and I realized whether warm or cold, it has absolutely no flavor. I apologize if this sounds mean, especially since I believe the chef might be a young kid and I'd hate to hurt his/her feelings. When I think of the mac and cheese dish, I picture a junior high school student coming home after school, cooking up the Kraft blue box mac, and then sprinkling Goldfish crackers on top. Other food items have also been ordered, but nothing would ever be repeated. 
"There's an old saying in Tennessee -- I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee -- that says, fool me once, shame on -- shame on you. Fool me -- you can't get fooled again." 
That said, please just go here for bar food and beers. Avoid the brunch dining experience.Our go to local bar!! My boyfriend & I love it here. We typically always sit at the bar & have great service. Beers are always rotating & have a great selection.  Food is good too. Nothing crazy but good fresh bar type food with some healthier options thrown in there if you are into them - which I am! Check it out, you won't be disappointed.Meh. We live nearby and were pleased to see a seemingly decent spot open up. It appeared completely out of character for the South Street area (which is AWFUL and most locals hate) so we had high hopes.Headed over for dinner/drinks on a Saturday night a few weeks later.
Certainly a decent beer selection and the bartenders were pleasant enough, but they missed the point of food service. They took our order and delivered when it came out of the kitchen, but were complete ghosts otherwise (even when standing directly in front of us chatting with other staff.) Unfortunately, our food was disappointing, too. We ordered 2 apps to munch on and maybe ate 1/3 of each. The calamari remoulade was inedible it was so spicy (we really enjoy spicy food) and the mac & cheese bland and lukewarm. We reluctantly ordered entrees thinking they might surprise us - should have known better. We had the pulled pork sandwich and salmon. Both were unremarkable, the pork dry.
Neighbors in SH/QV are hungry for nice options near home and ready to spend without needing to go across town. Considering the aforementioned local landscape, perhaps a greater focus on staff training and menu development than a fancy facade and a massive beer selection could start to fill that void.Went there for Sunday brunch. First of all, it wasn't busy at 1 pm. Beer selection was great! Food was great! We had the burger on French toast and an omelet. The French toast burger was amazing! The omelet was an omelet but hey...nice and fluffy. We will be back.Great spot for happy hour! Nice happy hour menu, I had $5 margaritas. Which for $5 weren't bad at all! We shared the nachos which also were great. The service was good! It wasn't bad but not outstanding!We were a group of 5 people and waited for an outside table on a beautiful night. We were told it would be a 15 minute wait, but it ended up being a half hour or longer wait. 
Once we were finally seated, things didn't improve. The outside tables were placed very close together, so you're constantly hitting the person behind you. In addition, the chairs were very uncomfortable.
We ordered food and drinks, and while the drinks arrived fairly quickly, we waited about 45 minutes for food. Considering none of us ordered entrees, that seems unreasonably long.  One of the things we ordered was the pretzel with beer cheese, and it was absolutely horrendous. The pretzel was a frozen thing that they didn't bother to heat the whole way through before serving it. The beer cheese dip was 90% beer with a little cheese, just gross. The mac and cheese was a little above Kraft quality. 
Based on long wait for such poor quality food, we will not be returning to this place.Was super excited to check out their coffee beer brunch this weekend with my boyfriend. The tap list was great although maybe just a smidge pricey ($16 flights?). It's a special event so whatever. The place was packed and loud. Our waiter came over to take our drink order and it was a good thing we didn't have any questions because we literally had to point to which beer we wanted so that he could copy out every letter of the brewery and name of each beer. We put in our food order shortly after, got our drinks and proceeded to....wait. And wait. And wait. It took at least 35 minutes for our food to come out. And I didn't see anything else coming out of the kitchen either. I wouldn't even have minded so much if maybe someone had spoken to us at all or even acknowledged we'd been waiting when we finally did get our food. Again, they were obviously pretty busy, but a "so sorry the kitchen is backed up your food will be out shortly" would have gone a long way. Once we finally did get our dishes, I was underwhelmed. I had the southern benedict and somehow the pork and sausage gravy were just entirely bland. The dish had a lot of potential, but just did not measure up. To their credit, the eggs were perfectly poached. My boyfriend had the French toast burger cooked medium and there was no pink to be found in that burger. It was a fun brunch concept though. I wouldn't be in a hurry to head back, but I wouldn't rule it out if something on the tap list intrigued me.Good food. Good drinks. Slow service. Got a Bloody Mary and a Mimosa. Both were on point. Omelette and eggs Benedict were also delicious. The service was really really friendly but unfortunately pretty slow. Perfect place for a leisurely brunch (aka great if you have no where you need to be).Not busy at all for a Saturday night, easily got a table. Started off with the Maine Stout beer, which was good but really didn't hold a candle to other Maine craft breweries. Calamari was safe, crispy, tasty, but the an unexpectedly small portion. For the entrée, I had the farmhouse burger which contained a dollop of goat cheese and a side of aioli. The sauce was very acidic and too thin. The burger, while cooked appropriately, had grill marks that were burnt and emitted a excessively charred flavor. Service was fine, but I probably won't come back here again.
Note that on Saturday there is a bottomless mimosa/bloody mary promotion from 10-3 at 25 bucks / person. Maybe something to check out?I am reviewing based on the three times I have popped into Bainbridge Street Barrel House. I'm going to come back to possibly add that fifth star after I have the opportiunity to stay for a full meal.
Four stars is based on the amazing beer selection, superb competency in bar staff and really tasty snacks I've eaten. 
So far I have to say to those who are not a fan of their fries, there is something very wrong with you. (yeah, I'm not making any friends on that comment huh?)
Well I stand by that statement. The fries I had here were so crispy, golden, and seasoned perfectly. Maybe you just waited too long to eat them. I asked for some hot sauce (because I'm that person..).and the house made hot sauce I tried was AMAZING. I was so floored by how the flavor profile built with the heat. If you like hot sauces definitely try this one. You'll want to take some home. 
Next I can speak to the deliciousness of the pickled butternut squash. So.Damn.Good.
I want to eat them every day. 
Perhaps a restaurant that has barely been open a month could be given a few more chances to wow you. Perfecting a staff and getting your groove together takes time. 
Harsh critics always seem to be the people with the least understanding of the industry. It's important to support local business and this is a solid go-to in the making for sure.I love the location and the overall look of Bainbridge Street. Some of the staff can be quite friendly. Sadly, the slow service and hit or miss meals cause me to give them a "meh, I've experienced better"....way better.
Most recently visited yesterday for a brunch/beer event that we knew would draw an early crowd. No doubt in my mind they did too, yet the were so unorganized from the start. They open at 10am, yet we are standing outside until just about 10:30 while they attempt to get their act together. Finally, they let the masses inside. At 10am, it was 25 people...get us in, but nope. They wait and let the line build up to almost 50 and when we sit at the bar, the bartender yells out "everyone please be patient, as we just let in about 75 people!".
If you would have let us in when you open, you would have been able to breeze thru the 1st wave and be ready for the 2nd, but you waited so everyone was chomping at the bit for service and with good reason.
I order a coffee stout from a FL brewery new to Philly Beer week and she brings me an IPA. Swing and a miss the very first chance to make things better. She was quick to correct things, thankfully. Our bartender did a nice job keeping our glasses filled and taking our order fairly quick. We waited about 30 minutes for our meal. I ordered the sausage hash and it was two beautiful sunny side up eggs on top of a bowl of cubed potatoes (just slightly undercooked) with a few small bits of jalapeno and the sausage was (no joke) cut up sausage links...the tiny ones and maybe one or two links. We're talking Jimmy Dean, scrawny links of sausage. Like no other hash I have ever had. Not the worst tasting thing, but it was a bowl of potatoes. $11.
I come here a couple times a year and the draft list alone will bring me back, but they need to work on the meals big time and the floor management has no presence in the place, they are always understaffed and too many people look pissed off dining in the joint.Great ambiance. The patio is fantastic and cozy. Loved the charred octopus and grilled pizza two ways-mushroom. The beer selection is also amazing!*Excellent beer list!
*Solid food variety.
*Some TVs for watching sports events.
-Service a bit lacking but not terrible.
This is a new place right off south street on 6th at the corner of bainbridge. I was impressed with how large it was inside. The selection of beers was pretty outta this world. Great draft selection and a ridiculous selection of bottled beers from every corner of the earth. The burger and fries I had were delicious, not anything crazy good, but great food to accompany a great beer.
=I foresee myself going to this place in the future for sure whenever I am down around South street.This place is good! The service was super friendly, the food was delicious (though a little greasy) and the overall ambiance was really enjoyable.  There is great outdoor seating and in the summer they open up with windows so that the place is very airy and fun.  I would definitely go back and I would recommend it to my friends.  
My only complaint would be that it took a long time to get the food we ordered but that's not a huge deal.This is a great place to have a (good) beer, on draft or in bottle. I appreciate that they support local craft breweries. The staff I've dealt with have been accommodating. The atmosphere is updated and lively. I have not had any of the food, but I don't think you'd be disappointed coming here for a beer.My first experience at the BSBH was very positive.  On their second night, I felt that all their cylinders were firing and they made everyone very happy.  The kitchen was flying and the drinks flowed effortlessly.  All the staff seemed to be up to speed and knew how to take care of the customers.
We arrived to a packed bar.  It being election night, all eyes were focused on the televisions showing the results.  The music was at a good volume to let you know you were out somewhere but still able to have casual conversation.
First up were the fried pickles and wow were they good.  The pickles were sliced into medallions, coated in an IPA batter and fried perfectly.  The accompanying dipping sauce kept the dish light and fresh.
The grilled octopus was really tasty and my only gripe was that I wanted more of it.  The texture and flavor of it was perfect and I believe it was resting on a sweet potato puree.  The standout for me was the lamb liver terrine.  It had the organ taste but it wasn't overwhelming.  Garnishing it with capers brought just the right amount of salt to the party.
The space is really nice.  Their is ample seating at both the bar and the surrounding tables.  I think the Bainbridge Street Barrel House really hit the ground running and it's a great addition to our neighborhood.I wish this place was in Chicago. Half price most drafts on weekdays. Food was perfect for the price. Location was awesome. When I travel i love going to the areas removed from the tourist sections of town. This place delivered on every level.Stopped in while doing some shopping on South Street. The beer list is extensive and has all my favorites. Scott, the bartender is knowledgable and was able to recommend a beer and food choice for me that paired well together. When the pork sandwich arrived, I was super happy to see that the cabbage slaw mentioned on the menu was in its proper place - ON the sandwich. The pork itself was the perfect combination of smokey and spicy. That, combined with the creamy slaw made me one happy girl. I finished my meal with the olive oil pound cake and salted caramel ice cream - a perfect not- too sweet, but very delicious finale to my late lunch... Looks like I'm walking back to center city to burn off all the calories,  but it was so worth it!My girlfriend and I ate here yesterday, 1/27/13, about an hour before brunch was coming to an end.  There was a great bustling crowd in the restaurant, yet we were lucky enough to grab two seats at the bar.  We went there after seeing their tap list on phillytapfinder.com.  I'm so glad we went! The tap list was simply amazing. Lots of beers that I've never seen in any bar in Philly or the suburbs.  After talking to the nice and welcoming manager, Scott, it turns out they just recently had a sour beer event, and some left overs were on tap.  I hope they keep getting in the rare brews!  My girlfriend and I both drank a couple sour ales (Local Option Kentucky Bourbon Sour & Trois Dames Oude Bruin were stand outs!) and we each ordered the Sally Smothers burger. I had originally wanted the Porkenstein sandwhich, but that was "86'd", which was understandable since they had their busiest brunch service yet.  But the Sally Smothers burger, with a soft warm bun, juicy, perfectly cooked beef, pancetta, fried-just-right crispy onion straws, and an over easy egg on top,  was an awesome second choice. The decor is beautiful, with an open kitchen, a long bar, lights hanging from the ceiling in mason jars, and a nice overall layout of tables.  It's a great mix of rustic and sleek design.  We can't wait to visit again!  My girlfriend and I loved this place!Came here a few weeks ago for dinner on a Saturday and I loved it! We had no issue getting a table, which is always nice.
The mac and cheese was soooo good. I would go back just for that. They also have a really impressive beer selection. I had the Camilla chicken sandwich which was pretty good, but not my favorite.
The service was also great. Really attentive but not overbearing. Overall I had a great experience there and would definitely recommend anyone to check it out!I came here on a whim with some friends. It was a little slow but non the less good. The house dressing for the salad was great and so is the beer! Ill be back for sure!In short, an excellent atmosphere, terrific brunch menu, likable staff, & extensive beer list.
Review:  
This is a newer restaurant/pub in the Southwark/Queen Village area. The interior has low key lighting, with a handsome woody decor. The bar is counter style, but it works with the two big screens on the wall behind it. Tables are cozy and close, but there are more private areas, if needed. Large windows surround this corner establishment to provide ample natural light and scenery.
The soup of the day may be a traditional staple with a slight twist (like tomato bisque) or something unique (like pork soup with cabbage). The brunch has everything from waffles and pancakes to creative omelets(Italian,Greek, etc...)  (or the make your own Mutt omelet),  there is also the french toast burger - which tastes as good as it sounds. I've thoroughly enjoyed everything I've ordered (after four trips) from the menu to date.
The barkeeps are very knowledgeable and friendly, they will offer a sample of a brew on tap, if ,you are curious about something, and they will even take time to make honest and sincere chat with the customers at the bar. The manager seems like a genuinely nice guy as well. This is something you only find in better neighborhood establishments (take it from this pub veteran).
That brings me to the beer list. How does 25 rotating flavors on tap sound? How about a few barrel-aged flavors?  If , your still not sure- no problem, there is a well categorized bottled beer menu (about 8 pages) which will surely have something to your liking. If your thirsty for a beer, this is the place to stop.
If , you have yet to visit the Bainbridge Street Barrel House, it is as good as any pub you have ever visited, however, after you enter through the revolving door and settle into your seat, you will soon realize that you made one of the best decisions of your day. This is a warm and unpretentious place, where you may not bump into the world's most interesting man, but, that is only because he has not been there yet.Middle of the road type place. Not one of those places that you would plan a night out at, its just more along the lines of "lets just go in for a beer real quick". 
They do have nice TV's. Food was ok. Had the Gnocchi, it was wayyyy too heavy. Wouldn't get that again. 
Decent place though. If I lived around the corner from this place, I would stop in more, but since I don't, I probably wont.I'd wanted to go here for a while, ever since Tapestry closed, and we finally made it out before dinner on a Thursday.  The happy hour deal was one of the better ones in Philly, with half off all drafts from 430 to 630, and the beer selection was solid. My wife, who is not a beer drinker, loved the various house infused cocktails. 
The space is perfect for hanging out and definitely has the room to accommodate larger groups of people for happy hour. We will be back often.Went today for Brunch.  Our server, Colin, was very pleasant.  
My husband & I were seated near the door.  After seeing we were blasted w/ wind when customers came in, Colin locked the door w/ out us having to ask.  
The food was great.  We ordered the chicken w/ biscuit waffle; and pork roll, egg & cheese on a biscuit.  $5 mimosas-- can't go wrong. 
We will definitely be back again.I liked the space! They had booths facing the TVs so we got to sit cafe style while watching a game. They had a great beer list and we did like the fried pickles. The menu was fine but it didn't wow me. 
I'd go again but I think the three stars is appropriate for this cozy bar food place. It might be a good party venue. Maybe I will update the review next time. I certainly like the area!Love this place! Mellow atmosphere, farm to table veggies, great draft list and ciders!I have been to Bainbridge street barrel house a few times now and I never had a bad experience there. They have a pretty good beer selection, I tried their late dinner menu with a hummus platter  and tried their brunch with a french toast burger with bacon.  Bot were very tasty and there was plenty to eat! The service was very good and I think the prices are in line with where they should be. I will definitely go back to this place.Let me start off by saying if I was just there to drink I would have given an extra star. Great beer selection though a little pricey. I liked the atmosphere and the feel of the place and loved the mason jar lights.
I should have known when there was no one in the place except for 1 or 2 people at the bar that this was a  bad decision but we gave it a shot. We were going to order sandwiches but went for the apps instead to share. We ordered the wings, mac and cheese and chili. These are 3 foods I think would be hard to mess up in a bar scene but I was wrong. I will say the chili was good. It could have been that the wings were so bad that I was just enjoying the chili so much. Regardless, I would get it again. The wings, terrible. Even came with a complimentary piece of hair! Whatever sauce they put on them should be changed. I hate when people try to make simple bar food fancy and screw it up. And whatever the sauce was to the equivalent of blue cheese, yikes! The mac and cheese...what it seemed like was they took a microwave pack of easy mac, added some more cheese then crumbled "goldfish and pretzels" as they said. Wouldn't put it in my top 100 mac and cheese places that's for sure. Save your money and go somewhere else! Food needs some help but this place has the potential to be good if they can get it right.A truly delicious old fashioned and every appetizer was awesome. It's also in a great location with the ability to sit and drink here or go out afterwards (a short walk to many South Philly bars).We decided to come here for dinner and drinks and I became a bit nervous as I read other people's reviews. I'm just glad I didn't let it deter us from coming! Maybe they've hired new waitstaff or improved training for their former waitstaff, but our server, John, was fantastic. I don't have 1 bad thing to say about him. We weren't super hungry so we enjoyed the BBQ wings (great value with 10 very big, saucy wings) and the fries, which were very good. I had the cucumber gin (house infused) martini and it was only $9! Lots of gin, refreshingly cucumbery, and very strong! Fiance had a glass of wine (the wine list was good for a place that specializes in beer). The outdoor seating was great. Honestly I can't say anything bad about this spot! I hope other will give it another chance.We were three and planned to eat and drink.  Upon arrival, I checked in on Yelp and was told that Bainbridge st barrel house was offering me a 50% discount on a beverage.  The staff refused to make good with this offer.  
So yes, BSBH lied to Yelp, saying they would make good on this offer to customers, but it is a lie.I went here one afternoon after work with a friend. We sat outside because the atmosphere is nice and it was a beautiful day. Our waitress brought us waters and we told her we needed a few more minutes before ordering. She walked by more than a handful of times without ever stopping. We saw her bring drinks and food to the table next to us. After 10-15 minutes of her not even looking at us, we just left. 
Maybe the food is good but I guess i'll never know.So understaffed!
Saturday night dinner time and our waitress or any wait staff was do hard to get a hold of. Slow service and our food took so long.
The good us decent. The farmers burger with the goat cheese was really good. Was not asked how I like my meat cooked. Fries  were good.
Crab cake burger was pretty tasty. Side salad had a light gingerish dressing.
Good beer selection and pretty nice vibe/decor.
I wouldn't go back purely cause the service was so inattentive. Can't blame it all on the waitress as the she was swamped. Still would have been nice for her to check in it refill water.We went out on a Thursday night looking for a bite to eat without too much ado. Arriving at Barrel House we realized it was exactly what we were looking for. It was filled only about a third to half capacity, so it was not too loud. We sat in one of the booths close to the bar, which provided a great view of the games on tv. 
For drinks we had two of the Boulder Mojo Risin'. It was a Double IPA with a very light aroma of grapefruit after taste. It was one of a large selection of craft beers on the menu. 
We ordered the often recommended Brussel Sprouts. They came with a mix of apples, bacon, almonds, and onions. They did not disappoint. I could have had five orders of those and been happy. The Lamb Sausage was recommended over the Duck Confit from the waitress. She said the chef likes cooking the sausage better. It was quite tasty, not too spicy and the mustard didn't overwhelm it. It did take a little bit too long to come out, which the server did acknowledge that it was put on after our Brussel Sprouts had already been finished by us. For an entree I selected the Braised Short Ribs over a sweet potato and broccolini. All of the taste complemented each other well and I was happy with the selection. They do not short you, no pun intended, on the ribs, either.
Overall I was pleased with the venue, staff, and food. I would recommend it to anyone looking to get a bite without going too upscale, but rather looking for a comfortable place with good food.Drinks and food has always been great here.   Only reason why not 5/5 is because service can be spotty.  Its either the best service ever or you're sitting at a table to be cleaned for 20 minutes....
Anyway they have an extensive drink menu which includes whiskey flights.  I am a huge fan to come here for drinks.  The ambiance is very cool with the dark wood and industrial lights.  
My absolute favorite thing to get here is the ice cream- the guy makes it from scratch!
Hey for a whiskey flight and some home made ice cream, I keep coming back regardless of the service.It's with sadness that I have to write a non-excellent review. I want to like this place a lot, pretty solid atmosphere and set up, great location, big and nice windows. But a lot of stupid and unnecessary crap went wrong - they never gave us silverware, there wasn't soap in the bathroom the entire time (went when first got there then before I left - never refilled), the open kitchen set up only works if the cooks don't create smoke every 10 minutes that wafts through dining room, and finally, they were out of half the entrees! Yes, out of 6 entrees they were out of half of them, that seems pretty ridiculous. 
They also skimped on fish and chips portion.  
I commend them for including a survey with the check, I gave honest and fair feedback and hope they listen to it. 
The place needs to get better or die trying.Great service and great food! Awesome neighborhood spot! Meghan a wonderful server! I recommend this for a casual dinner spot!I wasn't sure what to expect from this place since the reviews here are pretty mixed! My friend and I went there on Thursday night. We were happy to get a table outside and enjoyed several different beers from their extensive list. We ordered the nachos and the mezze plate. The nachos were nothing super special but we liked them! The mezze plate was gigantic, beautifully presented, and so delicious. We loved the grilled veggies and variety of dips with pita and crackers. The only part we didn't love was their take on dolmas...the grape leaves were really tough. We had a great experience here and will be back for sure!What a relief. Great service great eats, dined outside Mother's Day w/ my Lady aka mama and my brother. Everything was awesome. I had the smoked salmon nicoise salad, calamari, and fries, mom had the fish and chips and wings, brother had a grilled chicken sandwich and fries....everything was delectable can't wait to go back.Went to barrel house on its first Friday open. Very busy. We did get an awesome table for our large party after waiting not too long. Beer list was excellent and the bottle list extensive. Service was good considering how busy it was and it being the first week.
As for the food, I was most disappointed with the size for the money. The French fry appetizers were tasty but they could have fit many more fries in the serving dishes. Or they could have used smaller dishes! The burger was tasty but I didn't understand the double patty especially because it was not covered in cheese. Lettuce and tomato would have been great or at least made the plate appear more full. Or they could have given more fries! There are many places nearby with more impressive burger plates. Hopefully they will improve. Also the falafel burger looked more like fried fish than falafel.
Overall great beers and food that needs some work or at least some super sizing.I'm giving this a hopeful 4, though right now we may be at a 3. We went by last night and had a very enjoyable time. The servers were in their first week, but friendly and attentive. The beer list was unique and high quality, with prices that were about average. Liquor prices seemed to edge a bit on the high side, but nothing outrageous and a pretty good selection.
The menu is standard, but seems to have some creative and tasty spins on things. My only gripes with the food were that either the portions were too small or some of the prices were too high, and my fries came out cold. Still, everything we had was tasty and high quality. I'm anticipating the kitchen will be running more smoothly within a short period of time, as they're already doing a better than average job. If they can balance out the portion size (and they only need to look to the other end of their block to find out what happens in this 'hood when you don't...), this place could be a popular neighborhood spot.I ended up at Bainbridge Street Barrel House on a Friday night with 3 friends after getting dinner at Growlers. The drinks we got were all tasty, and the place itself was great. Absolutely loved the light fixtures (weird to note, I know, but they really are cool)!
BSBH loses a star only for service - the waitress was super nice and helpful, but she seemed a little overwhelmed and took a very long time to come over and take our drink orders. She did say it was her first night, so I forgive her. But to get 5 stars just on drinks, a place has to be absolute perfection. But not be fair, but it's true.
I will definitely be back and am looking forward to trying some of their beers on tap, as well as their food. If you're nearby, absolutely stop in for a drink or two!As a  local, I appreciate the great job of transforming that corner of the neighborhood, it  looks great. Warm and inviting inside too, and the waitstaff was top notch. Unfortunately, that's where it ended. Wasn't  a menu that I was interested in so since I am a burgerphile I tried the chef's "signature"burger. OK, so it's "just a burger", but any burger over $15 should be better than "just a burger."  It was supposed to be med/rare, instead I received 2 dry pucks precariously balanced on top of each other with a slice of cheese, on a hard English muffin. Who puts a burger on a muffin? All this south Philly bread at our doorstep and you guys use English muffins? When you try to bite into it, the pucks slide across each other, I just wanted "a" burger I could sink my teeth into,  2 patties are just stupid. No garnishes, no nuthin, meat was dry and tasteless. I don't usually order fries, but they came with it, soggy. I set it aside after only 2 bites which totally upset the waitress, maire d, chef and owner.(maybe they thought I didn't want to pay for it, but I did). The beer selection looked interesting, but my  date seemed to have been a bit shortchanged on a Jameson, little stingy with the alcohol. It's a shame, but I'm sticking to the old neighborhood hangouts.Love this place! They have an amazing rotating draft list at good prices, especially during happy hour. It's a great place to go if you like heavier, darker beers that some bars neglect, but they have a broad variety as well.
While beer is the main attraction here, the food is good too. They have a house-made black bean burger that's way better than your average bar veggie burger. Their other entrees, burgers, and salads are also good.
This is easily my favorite bar in the area.so i gave this place another chance and it's gotten SO much better... clearly someone cares about the business and wants to see their customers happy. they have a great beer selection and the bar tenders are very nice and easy to talk to. well done.Great spot in South Philly for sunday brunch. The selection of craft beers is adequate and the $5 momosas are what brunch is all about! Belgain waffles with anything on it are great here. The "Chicken & Biscuit Waffle" was a hefty portion that will leave a full grown man satisified. The chicken was so crispy and perfectly cooked. The "Pears Foster Waffle" with caramelized pears and whipped cream on top was sweet and savory. I added a side of bacon as well. We had such a good time here... Brunch turned into an all day affair.... Lol.granted they have been open for a short period of time, there was absolutely nothing good about our experience.  
a group of 6 ordered beer and food; the beer order was wrong and delayed for 45 minutes without any apologies or efforts from the staff.  we had to repeatedly ask for our beverages, including water.  the food came out at different times without apologies.  the staff was condescending and defensive.  we are very disappointed because we had high hopes that this would be a new neighborhood favorite.  
there is no meal/entree on the menu.  this place is strictly small plates.  the food is not good.  all 6 adults were very disappointed.  
there is no reason to eat here.  do not go.Food was ok, beer selection was great, but service was seriously lacking. Our server was taking care of my entire family and had 0 sense of urgency, mind you it was not busy. I asked if I could box up my food and it was brought back to me with the container all wrapped in a plastic bag and tied tight. Got home, took out my food and there was nothing in my box but homefries. I had asked him to box up a half plate of food. My entire main meal was gone. And half of my girlfriends omelette, gone. Should probably teach your workers that when you wrap things you don't throw away the whole meal first. Very disappointed, I'll be sure to not recommend this place ever again. I felt terrible for bringing my family there. Best of luck to you, Barrel House.Came to barrel house for sunday drinks. Wasn't going to eat, but Artie made the specials sound so delicious that we had to try it. And we were definitely not disappointed. Artie was AMAZING!!!  Great drinks and food with incredible service!!Having been here four times since opening day, I figured it's time to write up a nice review of the place.  The first two times I went in were for drinks (opening night and one other time) ... this was before they had implemented a happy hour.  Prices were fair and food wasn't bad, but I was disappointed both times due to the fact that many of the beers they had listed on their vast beer menu were not in stock.  Since it was within the first week or two of their opening, I figured it was just something to chalk up to a new business getting up and running.
The third time I went in was for dinner on a Friday evening.  We got seated immediately, despite the fact that the place was packed.  The food was pretty good (I had a quinoa salad and my date had the burger), but the service was lacking.  The waitress brought the wrong beers, our food and drink orders took a really long time to get, and when we actually did need something from the waitress, she was nowhere to be found.
My fourth and most recent visit was for their newly instituted happy hour -- one of the best in the city, in my opinion.  They offer half off (yes, 50% off) ALL draft beers (except whatever is in cask) for two hours, which is really an amazing deal.  Since their draft list is always changing and boasts about 15-20 options, you're really getting an opportunity to try out some of the more interesting (and pricey) beers for half off.  I mean, my friend tried an $11 beer for $5.50!  This last visit was the best one so far -- they seem to have more of the kinks worked out now.
I'd definitely recommend this place for HH and to try out some really different beers.Happy that they confirmed via our Twitter account that the pat lafrieda brisket blends they carry are from creekstone.  With that said I was a little disappointed in the burger, the patty was great but toppings, sauce, and bun needed to be better.  Their sweet potato fries were very good though.  Seating outside is good for families with kids. 
Note that their mustard contains alcohol so ask before leaving it on.Went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. We sat outside but the it was a nice day so all of the windows were open so even if you didn't sit outside you could still enjoy the beautiful weather. 
On weekends they don't serve lunch until their brunch menu ends at 3 so we ordered lunch. I got an omelette and my boyfriend got the lamb eggs Benedict which were both great. Service was pretty quick and relatively friendly. All in all a vey nice experience.Probably the best beer & bourbon list in the city. Great food too. I had the grilled octopus, and the pizza two ways.Pros- very comfortable surroundings, fantastic beer selection, interesting and well prepared food
Cons- pleasant but sluggish wait staff, unbelievably slow kitchen
Overall very good, and the beers soften the waitThe food was mediocre and the service was so slow. I went on a Wednesday night and there were very few people there but it was 45+ minutes before we got our food. It's a nice spot but I'm disappointed.Let's title this post "Dirt Salad."
We tried this place despite the mediocre Yelp ratings because it's nearby and looks appealing from the street.  Plus, we thought the slow service issue might be mitigated by going at lunch, when we were the only customers in the place.  No luck.  It still took a surprisingly long time for the good to come out.  
My husband liked his burger but said the fries were only OK.  I ordered the quinoa & arugula salad which LOOKED promising, but every few bites contained grit.  Not just little bits, but large grains of sand.  For some reason, I couldn't spot it with my eyes, but the crunching was so loud my husband could hear it.  I was actually afraid I might damage my teeth.  
I probably should have sent the salad back, but I was so hungry and they were so slow.  Plus, because I have a gluten allergy, there wasn't anything else on the menu for me to order anyway.  A replacement salad might well have been as sandy as the first.
I told the (very nice) waiter about the salad being gritty before we left in hopes of sparing future customers' teeth.  He did not offer to take it off the bill, but I wasn't really expecting him to.
I doubt I'll ever go back.Opening weekend. We expected it to be busy...
I called this morning and asked if I could reserve a table. They said "8 or more. Any less than that, just call ahead 30 mins and we'll put you on the waiting list for a table". Fine. 
We planned on getting there at 7:30 so I called at 6:45 to put our name in. Voicemail. Tried 8 more times. All voicemail. Walked the 2 blocks there and spoke to the hostess, hoping to get our name in a little early. She said "1 1/2 hours". Staring at the phone on the hostess' booth, "But I called for a table". "I'm sorry, our phone system is still new"
Skip ahead, skip ahead. 
2 hours and 20 minutes later, our time spent at the bar...as well as our money, we tell one of the hostesses that we will be leaving and she says that she understands and that we would probably be waiting longer for our food anyway. She thanks us for coming and apologizes for the wait. Fine. 
On our way out, a member of our party speaks with the GM about the fact that were leaving before we were seated and she responds by telling us that she's tired of hearing how people feel and that she's fine with us leaving...
I will say this much...I think that BSBH has potential. I think the drinks were good and the apps (we had time to get a few at the bar) were pretty good as well. 
However, the managing staff needs more than a slap on the wrist. They were rude. In my opinion, the wait staff was friendly and understanding...they were great.  
I was, initially, very excited to pay this place a visit. 2 blocks away from our door, looked awesome and had a great selection of food and drink. 
However, we will not be returning anytime soon. The GM never offered an apology for our wait or our inconvenience. We would have even been fine with a more realistic wait time. That way, we could have planned our night accordingly. But we weren't given that. Instead, they didn't want to hear our "feelings". 
This place would be awesome with a manager who understood real customer service. We all understand the growing pains a restaurant needs to go through, but good customer service is not something that comes with time. It comes with the quality of people you employ. 
Would love to love this place. Hope that they get their priorities in order and their management trained a little better on how to speak with their patrons. Until then.First experience here was awful. My wife and i sat at the bar which was mostly empty and were blatantly  ignored by the bartender for 10 minutes, then left. This was over a year ago. On a whim, we went back for brunch a few months ago, had great service, the food was decent and the atmosphere is very relaxed. We have been back several times now, with similar pleasant experiences. Nothing that will knock your socks off as far as the food goes,but it is very good. Their beer list is very well selected and have some fantastic bourbons as well ....
(they have pappy on their menu!) A nice neighborhood type watering hole with solid food is always a welcome addition in my book. 
(Also... family friendly. We bring our little one with us with no problems)The beer and bourbon selections are fantastic. Great atmosphere. The food is not going to knock your socks off but it's pretty consistent. The omelet on the brunch menu is always cooked perfectly (I hate when eggs are overlooked). 
Overall I'd say this is a great neighborhood spot.Food is always delicious and beer list is fabulous, but we shan't be returning until they fix the problem with the poor service and the slow kitchen. We always wait too long and rarely see our servers. This is such a fixable problem, so we hope that the owners do so.I loved their brunch menu and food was good. But the service wasn't so good. The servers took forever to take orders, bring orders and check, which was a little obnoxious.Went in for after dinner drinks and was extremely impressed with the vast selection of Whiskey both rare allocated selections and regularly attainable varieties that they had available. The pricing was pretty fair as well and the staff was eager to answer any and all questions I had about certain selections and took the time to help make my selections without rushing me.  Definitely a place to check out if you are a serious whiskey lover.  This will now be one of my regular stops to visit when I'm out and about in the city .I have no complaints, service was good and food was tasty and timely. The restaurant didn't blow my mind to merit 5 stars but I will definitely be back to try more if their menu.The previous reviews are right.   Completely awful from beginning to end.   We went for brunch and ordered drinks.    They took a very long time.   My iced tea was nearly clear and had no taste.  The food took 45 minutes.  For brunch.   The pork and waffles was completely cold, rubbery, and tasteless.   It was served with watered down syrup.  The pork looked and tasted like it was boiled.   I actually laughed when it was served,   Almost all of the dishes were cold and bland actually.   The only passable option was the lamb sausage.   Most of our dishes were left half eaten.   Gross.Came here for dinner with 3 hard to please people.
Not big beer lovers/drinkers, but the IPA I ordered was nice, and well priced.
The big bonus was the food.  The people I was with (remember, hard to please) were skeptical when they were looking at the menu.  We all took a little leap of faith and ordered.  All of us (ALL!) were really happy.  The appetizers, fried pickles and Chef Eric's wings, were fantastic.  One of our group said he the idea of fried pickles was repulsive.  Once they arrived (very quickly) and he saw how we were devouring them, he joined in.  He loved them, and totally ate the most.  The wings were spicy and tangy, really enjoyable, and a different flavor than anything I've tasted.  
The fish and chips entree was fantastic.  It was well cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Two of us had burgers.  Good quality meat and cooked to order.  One us us just got the mac and cheese appetizer as an entree.  Smooth and creamy and surprisingly topped with crushed up goldfish - really worked well.
The service was perfect!  I mentioned our group was hard to please - we all agreed that 25% wouldn't be a big enough tip.
I was really happy to see this place in the neighborhood.  It was a big improvement over the run down shell that stood in its place for so many years.  Loved it and will be back!
PS:  I really loved the mason jar light fixtures.I've been here for brunch and dinner. 
Pros:  Good beer selection.  Excellent decor - very open and airy.  Good place to sit by a window on a summer day. 
Food:  Pretty much everything else. Brunch was ok - hard to mess up a waffle.  But I went to dinner with another person and both our meals were subpar.  We split a fried calamari appetizer; it was a bit greasy, and small portions.  I had the fried chicken entree, which was a greasy mess.  There was oil pooling on the plate, and the breading was soaked with grease and so soggy it was falling off.  Plus I believe they bread chicken thighs instead of breasts or wings, which adds to the fattiness/greasiness.  My gf had the chicken sandwich, which had a very small chicken patty.  She described the sandwich as "mostly bun."  Overall, I didn't find the menu selection to be good, but I realize that might be a subjective thing. 
Service:  As soon as we sat down (coming in after walking on South Street for a while on a 90 degree day), the first thing our waitress said was that it was "against the law" to bring in outside food and drink and told me I couldn't have my iced coffee at the table, but offered to let me "finish it outside if [I] want."  While I am not an expert in the local regulations, I'm pretty sure my waitress could've allowed me to finish the remaining six ounces of my iced coffee and escape prosecution.  It was pretty weird and standoffish.  I later on ordered a coffee to deal with my caffeine deficit, which she charged me for.  While the food and drinks came pretty quickly (the place was empty), the waitress couldn't give us much guidance on the menu. 
Overall, very disappointing.  This place looked pretty cool, and I'd go there for drinks again because of the setup and beer list, but it's one of the few places I have definitively crossed off my list for food.  I realize there is a relative lack of comparable places (i.e. good beer selection, not "bar food") in the south street area, but Chickies, Bistrot Le Minette and Beau Monde, right within the immediate vicinity, are much better IMO.I basically have been coming here since we moved to Philly 3 years ago. My husband and I love this place so much because they have really good options for beer and they rotate, this means a lot for beer lovers! It's a pet friendly restaurant too. My dogs always want to stop and chill here after a long walk which I don't mind. Even though they took away my fav dish, the brussel sprouts but still can get other good food. I  their calamari! The best time to come here for me is during a nice weather cuz I can chill with my dogs here at the outdoor seating and enjoy they excellent beer option. The service is always good, they would give our pups a treat each when we come here.In hindsight, it probably wasn't the best idea to celebrate my Mom's 60th birthday by going here for their first Sat. morning brunch.  But the idea of avoiding long lines at Morning Glory and Sabrina's was too enticing.
We were seated promptly as we got there just as they opened.  Server was attentive if not a bit overwhelmed.  It became quite comical as we discovered those sitting around us (including us) had something wrong with what we ordered.  I could see a lot of people scratching their heads at omelets that was mostly egg and no substance, undercooked pancakes and sending dishes back since it wasn't what they ordered.  In general the servers were apologetic but there was little remedy to correct mistakes or even taking items off the bill.
In particular, the general manager was not at all willing to accept that the kitchen was ill prepared for the tasks at hand.
I would like to come back and give them another chance, but likely won't until they work out major kinks and management changes their dismissive attitude.Brought my friend in yesterday for brunch. We are brunch-loving divas. A good décor/atmosphere, delish cocktails and food, and anything above mediocre service is what we're looking for. First, this place has outdoor seating and nice big windows that they'll open, weather permitting, so we chose this spot because the weather was really nice. Since there weren't any seats available outside, we opted for a table inside near the windows which was perfect.
Service: ehhhh. It was very mediocre. Every time we asked for something we felt like we were annoying our server. My friend and I have both worked in restaurants so we're pretty good about how to behave as patrons but any time we asked him something it made me cringe a little. That was whatever, but what bothered me more was our food took FOREVER. In real life, it was more like a 45 minute wait. For eggs. And the place was hopping but not overwhelmingly packed so something was off in the kitchen. Maybe not enough staff? Anyway, our server did occasionally check on us and kept our drinks coming (even though his attitude was blasé). So all in all: mediocre.
The food was okay too; nothing glamorous. I had a personalized veggie omelet, my friend had the eggs benedict. The portions were nice but I just think that after that long wait, our expectations were inflated. Like, if it takes 45 minutes for our food then I hope you're giving it some serious TLC. On the other hand, I LOVED the mimosas. I don't like dinky little mimosas that are served in champagne glasses (aka the traditional way) but these were deliciously served in nice big wine glasses. THANK YOU, Barrel House :) 
Overall, its a nice option if you're in the neighborhood and the weather is great and you have a good chunk of time to spare. Prices are very reasonable too. But otherwise, if you're looking for show-stopping service and impressive food, there are better options nearby.Went here with my wife for lunch about 10 days ago because it was near where I had just had a meeting, and WOW. What an amazing meal. The food was outstanding. Service was outstanding. It is not a vegan restaurant per se, but there were plenty of options for me, and things could be easily modified. My wife is NOT vegan, and she absolutely loved her meal. Barrel House has a great atmosphere, and even the background music was great.  We're going back again soon.Not bad. Came in here on NYE after dinner across the way. It was quiet but I preferred that. It allowed the BF and I to actually have a conversation. The beer list is extensive and had anything I could possibly want - for instance Mad Elf which I felt was very appropriate to the season. They did not have Captain Morgan (Sailor Jerry is a substitute but not preferred). 
Bartenders were okay. A little slower toward the end of the night and a little inattentive but I've had worse.
I didn't eat here but I would like to give the board game brunch a try because a rousing game of "Sorry" and a $5 Bloody Mary is all I could want in my life.Friendly staff at the bar. Some pretty decent cocktails. 
Didn't have anything off the menu so cannot comment on food quality. I'd come back for drinks for sure.Stopped in here to grab some dinner and it was fine. I ordered the brussel sprouts which were actually pretty solid and the blackened chicken sandwich. Both were average in taste and quality but the drink selection seemed promising for some good beers or whiskies. I would suggest probably sticking with the drinks and apps for quench your cravings.Like Bill G, I will give this a "hopeful 4."  Despite the other reviews, we were very impressed with how the waitstaff handled the mob scene that was the second weekend of the restaurants opening.  There were some opening weekend glitches, namely, they were out of several of the beers on the menu.  Despite having to settle for third choice beers, we were very happy with the burgers.  I have to say, the decor just doesn't seem to fit the neighborhood or the menu - felt more like a chain restaurant than a local beer/burger place.First time at Barrel House and I went with a friend for happy hour. We were able to squeeze in 2 beers in 30 minutes (luckily lol), all four of which were great. I got the queso fundido for an app, not the best I've had but I would go back for it. I also had the Barrel House Burger for my meal. First of all, it was more like fries with a side of a burger, but I love fries so no complaint. The burger was a little salty, not worth sending back. But the sauce was very tasty. Again, not the best burger I've had but it was good overall.Went here to kick off Philly Beer Week and they had no specials that reflected this event. We stayed for quizzo but the quizzo guy (Phil) was so unenthusiastic that I may as well have been watching Masterpiece Theater. They were out of 3 of the 5 things we ordered too. The best part about our visit, our servers much appreciated honesty about what NOT to order and an answer during a round of quizzo.Great place to eat and have some cocktails. Nice variety of IPA'S. The food was delicious.Times must be tough here... I asked to sub shallots for bacon, well we can do that but there is an up charge... Really?!?! Bacon is more expensive then shallots... My friend orders a chicken sandwich, can I have more aioli? They respond, you have some on your sandwich.  Yes but I'd like more, well there is an up charge.  On the positive side the burger was done to temperature, but considering there is an up charge for everything save your money; I'd rather go to Royal.Don't go here for lunch on a weekday.  We should have been forewarned when there was only one table occupied.  The food was ok but the service was abysmal - took over 45 minutes to be served and too long to have our order taken.  The coffee was lukewarm, even after asking for a hotter cup.The happy hour is great here. There is a wide variety of beer offered on tap. If you choose to order from bottles or cans, then the selection is even much larger, but not subject to happy hour. I'd like to see more Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and NJ beers and fewer from the West Coast, but those on offer are dependably good. 
If you have to eat with your beers, stay away from the nachos.  This is a mail-it-in effort that showcases nothing but food service grade items. 
Service here is a problem. My guest and I sat down at a table with 6 dirty water glasses, four used napkins, and a waiting check to be picked up. We watched a parade of front house staff walk back and forth past our table, with no one stopping to clean it. This included the young woman who had this table in her station. After about 12 minutes she finally took all of the dirty stuff and the check away, and then brought out a spray bottle and dirty rag to clean off the front third of the table, leaving a wet mess where she "cleaned." 
My guest's first beer arrived promptly. Mine took about another 7 minutes to appear. Subsequent beer was brought much more promptly.
The beer program here is predictably the star. The menu looks well thought out, if not entirely well executed. If the front of the house can emphasize the "service" aspect to the staff, then the Barrel House could possibly see 5 stars.Months ago, my SO and I visited BSBH for burgers. They were pretty good, even if they relied too much on quirky toppings and weren't all that special otherwise. Service was slow, but we weren't in any kind of rush so it really wasn't that big of a deal. The beer list is interesting if you're a beer drinker.
Fast forward to today when we showed up for brunch around 1pm with a party of 4. It was busy and looked like a lot of tables were finishing up around the same time, so we sat down and started looking over the menus. The rush died down to the point that the restaurant was nearly empty, and we continued to wait some more. A few feet away from us, three servers stood around chatting. We joked about this and even waved our menus around. At this point, we were the only party sitting in the row of booths, and those menus are big enough to direct air traffic, so it would be pretty hard to not see us.
I'm a pretty patient person and understand that I'm not the only patron in a restaurant and not the most important person in the world. But at the 30 minute mark, in a 95% empty restaurant, now I'm annoyed, and I'm not about to beg someone to do their job.
We stood up, put our coats, and I said to the servers, "Hey we just sat here for a half hour with no service, so thanks." They looked a little confused and one mumbled "sorry." 
The brunch menu looks really good, but sadly we will not be back to try again. We'll stick to restaurants where the staff actually works.Nothing spectacular. Ordered old fashioned, and it was sub par.  Did not order food, only drinks.A quick gander at my face as I was ogling the nachos we ordered and my dining buddies chuckled and said "Can't wait to see how you rate this spot..." Hmm, I don't know if that says more about me or about Bainbridge... But there you have it. I've been once or twice before for beer events and truly have never been impressed. They tend to get the internet super hype for something like a SOUR TAP TAKEOVER and then, when I arrive, there's about four rows of people, not enough staff, not enough room, and an unclear tap list. I normally stick around for about a single beer, and then call it a night (this has happened twice).
This visit, I figured "Hey, why not try some of the eats?"So three of us head over for dinner. My two girlfriends got a drink, nothing fancy but they enjoyed. We split an order of nachos, two of us got chili, and the other sweet potato gnocchi. The service was pretty fast on the nacho front though, in the meantime, the music was SO loud that we could hardly hear each other talk. Surprising for a Tuesday night around 8pm. It wasn't terribly crowded, which made that volume situation even worse.
The nachos arrived and were loaded with guac on top, initially exciting. Alas, once the guac was pushed around, we noticed a fairly uneven distribution of toppings (one of my pet peeves in the hunt for Philly's best nacho). They were also not terribly warm.... It was a shame. Our server kind of bailed for a little after that, but the volume was still too loud for conversation. He eventually made it back with our chili and gnocchi. The chili was delicious and meaty, hearty serving for $6. The gnocchi wasn't too bad either, could've used some more sauce but the texture was on point. 
I think our biggest feeling was "it was definitely A-OK." Alas, in a city full of AMAZING eats and drinks, A-OK isn't going to bring me back in a hurry. I've heard the fried pickles are insane so, if/when I DO make it back, that'll be my first choice.Today, I gave this place a second chance to erase the disappointing brunch my wife and I had here about 6 weeks ago and again this place with regards to FOOD really falls flat.  Despite quality service from the server behind the bar today coupled with a unique quality beer selection, the FOOD was just miserable to the point where I tried to muster through this chicken thigh sandwich thinking it was going to transcend into a succulent sandwich; it never evolved and it was horrible.  The chicken thigh meat rivaled the chewiness I recall when I chewed on big league chew gum as a child.  The brioche roll completely fell apart when I lifted it to take a FIRST bite of the sandwich.  I think the appetizer I had said "fried pickle spears"; well they should rename it to fried pickle spear nuggets it was like ordering chicken fingers then getting chicken nuggets.  I suggestion, if you chefs at the Barrel House want to know how to really serve fried broccoli spears go to Memphis Taproom in Kensington for the real deal because what you laid out at lunch today was laughable.  To repeat, the service is really quality and I really had a great conversation with the bartender today who was working the Monday lunch, but the FOOD AGAIN was such a turn off that I will never return to this place that is unfortunately in my neighborhood.Very nice selection of whiskey and beer. The staff recommended a great beer. Had the Sally Smothers burger-delicious! They also have a creative selection of homemade ice cream. Everyone was cool and friendly and the food and atmosphere were fantastic.Great selection of beer at good prices and nice looking restaurant with decent ambiance. That said, after three dining experiences, I'll simply direct the reader to the first sentence of this review..This place is great and a welcome addition to my neighborhood!  The beer selection is huge and reasonably priced...a nice change from the usual $8 beer night you have at most places with so many microbrews.  The food reminds me a bit of The Wishing Well's menu back when it was decent, and all of the fries look amazing!  Service is fabulous!  I can't say enough good things about this place!!We were extremely excited to see a new and seemingly chic restaurant opening 2 blocks away from where I live, and decided to patronize the new place last evening (Nov 10) for an early dinner. We were pleasantly surprised to be seated quickly, despite the place being busy at that early hour. The Hostess and wait staff were welcoming, and all was looking up as we were led to our table. Perusing the menu, one can't help but notice the limited menu selection, but I have patronized other restaurants with a comparably limited menu that deliver a great product-unfortunately, "IT'S NOT THE CASE HERE."  Beer selection and prices were very good; however, here is the food story.  We ordered micro brew beers, a house cocktail , 2 appetizers (the allegedly home pickled beets with feta and fried mixed root vegetable chips) and 3 main courses (two pulled pork and one fried cod sandwiches.)The beets tasted like the grocery store canned variety, while the chips were more like overly greasy crumbs; both were served before the libations because both the bar and waitstaff were overwhelmed. The main course came next, but a main course label is very debatable. Two measly portioned pulled pork sandwiches with about 10-12 small cut fries per plate,  and a thickly breaded 3" filet of cod on a charred hamburger bun that appeared to be four times the size of the fish with equal amount of fries. We were astonished at the pork portions but outraged over the fish and lack there of. We decided to complain to the waitress. who promptly passed our dissatisfaction to the manager. The manager was genuinely concerned and tried to remedy the situation by bringing out another piece of fish. Wanting to eat the food while it had some semblance of warmth left, we reluctantly began eating before the other piece of cod came. The pork was slightly over-vinegared, while the fish greasy and non-existent! To quote my friend " it tastes as if I'm eating a charred bread sandwich." Anyway, the meal and plates were cleared before an IDENTICAL AND EQUALLY SMALLl piece of fish arrived at the table. Tat led us to believe it's the portioned amount for that entree, and definitely not worth the $11:00-$13:00 for their main course meals. In an effort to satisfy us, the manager had 2 complementary desserts sent to us (olive oil cake with salted caramel pistachio ice cream and a crème caramel) that were both very good. I feel this place has some potential and welcome any and all improvements they make. Until then, I will watch Yelp reviews for signs of improvements before going back again.I live nearby and was really looking forward to liking this place.
GREAT location and amazing beer selection.
I'd really like to give it a good review but the service here is horrid and the food is barely above edible.  
Seriously.  The food is THAT bad, and the floor staff is so slow and out of it that it's just impossible to say anything positive about the place other than it's great beer and location.
Fix the food.  It's really badMy last visit to BSBH wasn't so great food-wise. The hubby and I went back for their fish fry (because it was so good in the past) and while it wasn't terrible, it was SO greasy! The fries, too, weren't as seasoned and good as I recalled. Hopefully they'll start paying attention to the food output cause the place wasn't even packed. Of course, the beer list was still up to par and the hubby was pleased.Service good, drinks good, fries and sliced lamb sandwich with tziki sauce very good, grilled cheese was overly complicated and failed...some things are best left simple...fried calamari was very light and went well with the spicy sauce it was served with...3 stars for now but am eager to return and try more...just a tip...had a great old fashion here...burbon, bitters, water and sugar...a lot of places leave out the surgar.Probably still finding its legs
I live in the neighborhood and am always looking for decent places for food and drink and just to hang out. I was sorry to see Tapestry close. Four stars for atmosphere in this place. The bar is nice and cozy. The look works. Amazingly, even though it was crowded, it was easy for me to hear my companion (we were seated at the bar) without strain. The bar tender was knowledgeable and mellow. The craft beer selection was excellent. The space is divided into the bar area and the restaurant area. This division actually works. One thing that I liked about the place was the wide age range of patrons, at least the night I was there. I would give it 5 stars for this aspect of BSBH..
The food- disappointing. This I would give 3 stars. Really too bad. I realize that one visit is not necessarily a fair assessment of a place, but they need to make the visit count if people are to return. The menu sounds interesting, but the preparation was somewhat uninspiring. Crispy calamari was very good, as were the fries. The burger was over cooked- despite "medium" being requested. I had the parsnip gnocchi with lamb neck ragu. The gnocchi was over cooked, lacked the texture I was expecting and mostly became mush in the mouth. The ragu was bland- truly unfortunate. I bit more care with the food and maybe even taking a few risks with the preparation could make this an excellent place. 
Since I live close by, if the food improves, I will addend this review.Poor service.  Long but uninspired draft list.  No one in my party enjoyed their entrees or their beers, despite ordering within our tastes.Great restaurant and exactly what is needed in the neighborhood.  First week, yes, which explains some of the hiccups that some on Yelp have experienced.  We have been here twice: once last Saturday and this evening.  Both times the food was great, and not only the beer, but also the wine, were above par, and the staff very friendly and accommodating.  
Due to the newness of the place, some of the beers were not available, though not a reason to bash the place to the degree I have seen on Yelp.  I, too, am from the a neighborhood.  I have full confidence that this place will do great.  It fits the bill as far as I am concerned in regard to the ambiance, the menu, beer options and the staff.I'm giving this place 5 stars based on the two times I've been here so far, the beer list, the service, and the excited feeling I get knowing that it's within walking distance from home. 
For dinner, we started with the fried pickles. They were sliced first and then lightly battered and fried to perfection. I'm from the South and they usually deep fry a whole spear, so I was pleasantly surprised by this lighter version and so was the hubby. For the entree, I got the curried mussels and the hubby got the fish and chips. My mussels were big, fresh and the broth was seasoned well, although I would've like to have had more broth. The grilled bread was a nice addition and a standard staple with mussels, so I was glad it wasn't overlooked. The hubby's fish was also lightly battered and fried to perfection, so clearly someone knows what they're doing at the fry station. 
The fries deserve a separate paragraph. They are so damn good! I really wanted to try the poutine-style fries (Brown Gravy, Cheese Curd & Griddled Egg), as they have seven variations of fries, but I stuck with stealing ones from the hubbies entree instead. Next time though!
We went again for brunch recently and I got the french toast with the griddled egg and bacon- delish! The hubby got the much-talked-about french toast burger and he was pretty pleased also. We split an order of the tempeh hash and at first it was a bit bland (we didn't add ketchup or anything but salt) and then it kinda grew on me; however, I'm not likely to order it again. The coffee was great and brunch overall is reasonably priced.
I'm currently preggo, but I know a good beer list when I see one and the hubby confirms each and every God-forsaken time that the beer is delicious, so I can't wait till this kid is born and I can partake in what is clearly the doings of well-versed beer distributing owner (since he owns Bella Vista Distributor). They have a nitro-tap which usually has the darkest, most delicious choices anywhere you go and that rings true to this place so far, too. I CAN'T WAIT! 
Special Note: This place gets packed on the weekends. Be forewarned!3.5 stars. Nice large space with a large bar. I have only had drinks here so can't comment on the food. Bartenders have been friendly as are the patrons they have tvs to watch sporting events.Brunch at this place was pretty damn delicious. They have a great draft list with plenty of tasty craft options too mainly from local breweries. 
For brunch I got smoked salmon benedict and it was probably the best and most reasonably priced I've had in the city. It came loaded with homefries and berry fruit salad (even with a nice surprise of gooseberries!). Not a huge fan of hollandaise sauce usually but Bainbridge made it not so overwhelmingly thick, and had good flavor. It was actually cheaper than smoked salmon brunch options normally are too. 
Everyone else I was with got some great meals as well. My boyfriend who has had a streak of bad burgers, really enjoyed his here and my friend even got a french toast burger that had maple whiskey cream cheese instead of ketchup, which I thought was really clever. 
I don't know how this place is for dinner but I would definitely come back for the good beers and brunch. You have to respect a bar that goes local with their brews and does it total justice with their descriptions. Service was pretty good. Not outstanding, but some of the servers were really friendly. I was debating on 5 stars but decided although it was really good, its not on my top list of places around here.Fair number of beers on tap, but all I wanted was a simple helles .  Service was kinda slow and the place wasn't packed. I won't rush back here, but if the weather is right and I'm in the neighborhood, I might give it another try.
The location was great - so nice to sit outside and enjoy a balmy afternoon!My girlfriend and I went for brunch the first day they opened the patio for summer. It was packed, and they only had two servers for the whole place. Food was mediocre, it did the trick. There are definitely better options in the neighborhood.Their food is ok, specifically the Brussel sprouts, but their drinks are consistently bad and overpriced. Went there yesterday and ordered a Tito's dirty martini. The first one was only about half way full (in an already very small glass), and was the color of olive juice and tasted gross. I asked them to fix it (which was uncomfortable enough because I never send food/drinks back), so they took it back and it was *slightly* better upon return...as in it tasted like there might actually be a little booze in it. Second one was so gross, it tasted like it was made with WATER instead of any vodka. I couldn't even finish it it was so bad. $11 each. Total fail. 
This is just my most recent experience. I've gone here at least 10 times with the highest hopes for a good place to get drinks since the place itself is pretty cool. Every single time I've been seriously disappointed with the drinks and much more so when I got the bill. I'm ok paying the price for a good drink, but I think here it's time to face the facts that making good drinks clearly isn't their focus. 
I gave it two stars instead of one because the decor is nice, but stick with the Brussel sprouts, they're always good.I really wanted to like the place, but sadly it fell short. The bar itself has a great atmosphere with that gastro pub feel and the beer list was extensive. This is where the positives end. The big issue is the bartenders walking by people 5 or more times before serving a drink. This is almost Dirty Franks level of bad service. This place needs actual bartenders who want to do their jobs and not ignore you.I was excited when I read about this place opening in queen village.  I am no longer excited after my experience this evening. Terrible food and bad attitudes.I wanted to like this place. The drinks were pretty good, the beer selection was good. The lamb sausage dish with eggs and potato was very good. This restaurant has some consistency issues, however. The chicken for my wife's chicken and waffles was like shoe leather. We couldn't cut it with a knife. When we asked for another piece of chicken we then got a piece that was twice the size and RAW in the middle. I ordered the Porkenstein which was tasty, but I am almost 100% sure the pork burger is actually TURKEY because it was so dry and flavorless. A friend ordered a thing advertised as 'Rib eye, eggs and hollandaise sauce'. This was basically eggs benedict with scant trimmings of some sort of steak instead of canadian bacon/ham. The muffin was so thin we made jokes about it. It was like 1/4 inch thick. Clearly there is a lack of oversight in the kitchen. The final insult was when the server didn't comp our dreadful chicken experience. I hope they get their act together because I like what they are trying to do with the menu, but the reality falls short of the dream.Great beer selection but they don't always have the ones they list.  But skip the food. Who could mess up a grilled cheese and soup combo.  Bainbridge Street Barrel House managed to do just that.  Ice cold cheese sandwich and vegetable noodle soup that looked more like a bowl of overcooked pasta with no soup and no vegetables.  I wanted to like this place but at a near empty lunch service, it was horrible.First time here - yes; last time here - hell,no!  Really good food & intoxicating drinks, coupled w/great service---THANK YOU JOHN---took a dog-shit-on-your-shoe day and transformed it into mellow.......mmmmI almost didn't want to write a review for this place because I don't want to make it crazy to be able to get a seat at, but here goes. The happy hour at this place is amazing. 1/2 price on almost all the draft beers. Yesterday, they had about 25 different Pumpkin options, which for me is HEAVEN! The food was also incredibly delicious. My roommate ordered a burger and then worried she wouldn't be able to eat the whole thing. By the time I looked over to ask for a bit...it was gone! It was just THAT good! I also recommend the fried pickles! I will be back here as soon as I can be!!Awesome spot in Queens Village to get some brunch. Eclectic menu and great outdoor seating, never had to wait for a table.At first it was great. But we waited over 90 minutes for our food on a Sunday night...the bar was EMPTY. At no point did anyone apologize or say anything about the wait. After that, two of our party ordered fish and it was inedible. Trust me, our group is not one that is particular and that was not acceptable. Would not go back. Even if I was paid.Food and service are both spotty. That's really about it. In a city of great bars and restaurants, spotty isn't going to last. Last time I went in, my gf and I sat at the end of the bar. Both bartenders and two waitresses were at the other end of the bar for ten solid minutes bullshitting....we didn't even get menus. Needless to say, we split without even getting a drink and went to Southwark. See ya!Came here last night with some friends for drinks and snacks. We were all satisfied with our libations; specifically my pear cosmo was very yummy and the hot toddy totally hit the spot. 
Giving a little leeway for the fact that they just opened, the food was fine and needs some tweaking. The falafel burger was really more a chickpea patty on a bun, and everything on the plate was brown so it would be much improved with some color and different textures added. The skin crisps were like really thin fries, made for a nice little snack but didn't have much flavor. The actual fries were pretty basic, tasty enough; I got them with the caramelized onions and wiz which were both tasty but once I got through the ones on the top was left with unadorned fries on the bottom of the bowl, kind of like when you get ice cream with sprinkles.
I'll probably give them a few more weeks and try again to see if they've worked out some of the kinks. I did like the interior and the mason jar lights are really cool.I'm only  giving a 3 because of the atmosphere. Otherwise the food is horrible and service, eh, ok. And I'm not just someone in the neighborhood for the day. I've come here many times and never had a good dish. Burgers suck. Ratio is way off. Chef 101 here. 
The chicken pot pie would taste better with Campbell's soup. It's ashame, so much potential here but they just need to suck it up and hire a good chef. 
Sorry. I'll be back for that occasional, convenient beer. CheersBrunch service was appalling. The staff were poorly trained and no manager in sight. We had to keep asking the bus boy to get things for us as the server was preoccupied faffing around folding napkins, plus the place was only half full. The kitchen took over an hour to cook our eggs and the pulled pork eggs benedict looked like someone had spewed on the plate. There are so many better places to brunch in Philly, and this ain't one if them.This was our first visit and it will surely not be our last. We sat at the bar and the bar staff was warm and welcoming. All of our appitizers were outstanding and the beer selection on happy hour was another winner. We will definitely be returning. Do yourself a favor and stop in.Update for Happy Hour:
If you like craft beer - you have got to come to happy hour here. The entire draft list minus the hand pump (which is like 20 beers) - is HALF OFF from 4:30-6:30. Yes, it's on the early side, but it's an awesome way to try those $8 beers that you might not order otherwise. (There's $5 wine too).Go for beer, but the wait for food is always too long. Every time I've been here they've been understaffed (including on NYE). Exhausted waitstaff is always trying really hard to deliver good service, but the food always takes forever, particularly for brunch. Once the food comes it's pretty decent, but hard to enjoy after a 45 minute wait. The draft list is good, and changes frequently so I would recommend it for beer. It also has outdoor seating, which we only had to wait at the bar for 10 minutes for on a Sunday afternoon.I really want to like this restaurant; it's close to my house and has a great atmosphere, outside seating and good beer selection.  The food is just not good and if you catch it on a busy night the service is no better.The best over-medium eggs, potatoes and fruit for Brunch, all for a reasonable price!I think this place has a lot of potential, great location, interesting menu and cool beers, but it's poor execution. We have seen this place for years, and our family decided to stop by. We sat outside. They gave us a four person table for six people, so being on the side walk was a little awkward. We also had a toddler, so usually that is key to servers that we can't be in a location longer than an hour. We arrived about 3:30. About 3:55, he came for our drink order, so they were in transition between lunch and dinner menus. The waiter said we had to wait til four to give us the dinner menu, and he didn't  come back with menus until about 4:30. Didn't order until like 5, food then didn't arrive until 5:30, and he never came back to check on us. At this point, our toddler was going mad, and my husband had to bring our check to the hostess. He was going to complain, but he saw the manager yelling at the kitchen staff to hurry up, but to his suprise, he said the staff didn't seemed to care. Hot mess! He didn't even feel like complaining. To make matters worse, whatever they cook their fries in totally messed up our stomachs, so gross. Food wise, nachos terrible, ordered a veggie cuban that was in no way like a cuban, strange ceasar salad, and broccoli rabbe for the pork sandwich was minced. Will not go back.Okay so I watched as they renovated the building and was excited when they finally opened... The building is beautiful and the decor inside is warm and cozy, but seating is kinda cramped and on top of each other. 
Drinks- The beer & cocktail list is above average, I was overly impressed by the beer list and will definitely go back to do some more drinking! I had an amazing dry cider which was recommended by our server
Now onto the food... the food was just okay... My friend and I got a bunch of small plates to share so we could taste a number of the items. We got the mushroom fries, we felt that they needed more cheese and could have been a little crispier. The soup of the day was amazing, very creamy and lots of fresh seafood. The calamari was also amazing and fresh. The brussel sprouts were bland and lacked flavor the idea for them is great but they needed a little extra. The mac & cheese needed to be cheesier. The apple pie desert was very good and fresh and just the right size to finish off our dinner. For the two of us it was about $50, which is acceptable for the amount of food we got. The service was very good also, and they knew the menu which was helpful for our questions. 
I want to go back to try brunch and to do some more drinking.Ok I finally have to review this place because of repeatedly terrible service. We walked out today before anyone even came over to give us water. Must have been over ten minutes of just sitting and no one acknowledged us. We went down the street to bar/restaurant that trains its employees how to wait on tables. Will never come back as this must have been the fifth time we've had the slowest and worst service I've experienced in a while. Food is only ok, so it's definitely not worth the lack of service.With such convenient location, lovely interior, and great service, the food is shamefully average. The prices are very compatible but come on, you open a resto in the heart of Queen Village/Bella Vista, right next to Bistrot la Minette and Beau Monde....you got to offer something more than reasonable prices. More two and a half star feeling but 1) the service is very nice; 2) this is a new place so hopefully they are still working out the kinks. Hubby votes for giving it another try, I'm leaning towards spending my time and money elsewhere.I like this place.  It has a lot of potential.  The bar tender could be friendlier.  He basically does his job, but you feel like you are kind of bothering him.  I got the feeling he was unhappy we ordered happy hour drinks.  I'd still go back, but a bit of friendliness goes a long way when it comes to getting people to return.The food is just not good.  All the people in my party agreed that their meals (grilled romaine salad, pulled pork sandwich, and short rib tacos) were essentially tasteless.  Short rib tacos were not impressive looking and the side salad was drenched in dressing.  The pulled pork sandwich looked reasonable, but the eater said it wasn't anything to write home about.  I had the grilled romaine salad, and it was a measly amount of romaine, with finely shredded cheese that probably comes in bulk in a ziploc bag.  Artichokes weren't bad, a little too vinegary.  I'm still starving after that "meal".
We had gone there for lunch the first week it opened, and the food was way better that time.  Also, they took the wings off the menu that were the reason we went back today.  Not sure if the chef quit or what, but they need to change it back.
I wish there was a "vibratey" option for the Noise Level in the survey questions.  There is something under the floor that just vibrates and vibrates the entire time.  Very annoying.  Also annoying?  When you don't tell patrons that it's Pepsi, not Coke.  To some people there IS a difference.  A lot of places do this though, so nothing against this place.
Bah.Very nice selection of beers and wine.  However, be prepared to pay liquor tax on top of the prices.  That is a no go for me.  Add it into the price so people aren't taken back when they see the bill.  Cheap way to make extra money off you patrons.   Didn't find the bar staff to be very knowledgeable of the beers or which glass was appropriate for the beer.  Atmosphere was alright but not taken back.  Although, outside seating looked nice.  Can't say anything about the food, but I won't be back to try it.Vinny's after party spot of choice is terrific in my book. 
My friends live around the corner and I had passed this several times. It was just too bright I felt. I like dim places to drink. Think Franklin Mortgage, Fergies, etc. I don't want to see the floor well. 
We came after the Fire&Ice event. I liked that the wait staff was not overwhelmed by a group of 10-15 yelpers most with our name tags on, halo's and pitchforks still festooned. They took our drink orders swiftly and executed them well, except for my 2nd drink which was not made with the right spirit, but I drank it!
I really enjoyed their old-fashioned. It is made just how I love it. Muddled cherry and orange please! Order it with Rittenhouse Rye and you can't go wrong. I could drink these forever!
I cannot speak of the food. However, tonight I walked past and the specials board had spicy spelled spicey. That kinda stuff irks me. I know it's petty, but it does. 
I would like to try to the food, but I would like even more to have a pitcher of old-fashioneds!They have awesome beer events. Their regular beer list ain't too shabby either.  
Their Coffee Beer Brunch recently drew me in. They had a double-sided menu of extremely delicious and somewhat hard to find coffee beers.
We were able to easily call for a table the day before so we could actually eat brunch with our coffee. As my Yelp followers know, I tend to lean savory in my brunch preferences. I had to hit up the sweet side with a coffee brunch. That said, my French Toast Burger with bacon cream cheese and whisky syrup was pretty banging. As was the Baklava Waffle. I tried some of my friend's Chicken & Biscuit Waffles and enjoyed that as well. 
I probably wouldn't seek out Bainbridge Barrel House without consulting their beer list or event schedule, but it's well worth the trip when the taps are hot.My boyfriend and I came in for brunch soon after the BSBH opened. I ordered the quinoa salad, which was pretty good, but the portion size was smaller than I expected for a $10 vegetarian salad. However, what made our experience two star was the service. Our waiter didn't seem to know the menu, was scattered, and not terribly personable. We attributed the mediocre service to the staff still getting settled, but weren't particularly excited to give it another try.
This past Friday, we were looking for a casual place for dinner, and decided to give BSBH another chance. Afterall, it's in a great location, and has a serious beer selection, and outdoor seating. Our first strange interaction was with the host. We requested a table by the open windows, so we could feel like we were outside, but avoid the impending rain. The host was silent for a good 20 seconds--staring at us, at the table chart, at the tables we asked for. Finally, he grabbed menus and we followed him to the section. Immediately, we could tell he was going to put us at the table closest to the kitchen and bathroom, despite the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty. We quickly asked if we could take a different table. This request was met by yet another (extremely awkward) 20 seconds of silence and staring before he put our menus down and allowed us to sit.
Finally seated, the waitress came over immediately and asked us for our drink order, clearly before we had a chance to look at the menu. We asked for another minute to read over the extensive beer list. 60 seconds later, she showed back up, asking for our drink AND food order. We inquired about specials, to which she replied that she's not used to saying them, because people always read them for themselves on the chalkboard (we had our backs to said board), which made us feel a little stupid.
We ordered the veggie burger and the chicken sandwich. Both were edible, but not great. The veggie burger came in a pita, and was probably the size of two standard patties, which was slightly unappetizing. The chicken sandwhich had so much cheese on it, you could barely taste anything else. The best part of the meal was the Rejuvenation beer cocktail (hefeweizen, rye, lavender syrup, lemon juice).
Overall, BSBH is disappointing. We MIGHT come back here for a drink, but would definitely sit at the bar.I do really like a few things about this place:
A fine place to grab a drink on a weeknight. 
French fries are like CRACK
I can walk there
Friendly staff:)
But on the other hand the rest of the food I've had has been mediocre. And I had one experience that got under my skin...
It was my friends 30th birthday (morning after). She was about to head home but we decided to go out for ONE mimosa. Walked by BSBH and saw the chalkboard outside for $5 mimosas so we went in and each ordered one. When the bill can it was for like $20 and I mentioned the chalkboard, The bartender looked confused and looked outside, Turns out it was the chalkboard for the place next door Bistro La Minete that had the $ 5 mimosa's .The sign was right in between the two buildings, it was an easy mistake. I playfully suggest that they give the drinks to u for that price.. like come on you need to be competitive if the place next door has the same thing for half the price?!?! AND it was my friend's 30th birthday, we were practically the only two people there and we each got ONE mimosa,COME ON. 
needless to say they didn't give us the $5 mimosa's. :( thats the only reason we went in there in the first place. Shame on us I guess!Stopped in for lunch today.  What they've done with the building is impressive.  The eyesore that was there for years with boarded up windows and decaying walls has been transformed into a nice neighborhood place.  
We sat at the bar and ordered food.  The service was great and our food came out fast.  The beer list had more than I would have expected, and some really great choices - I had a Local Option Bourbon Kentucky Common.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich, which was almost as good as the one around the corner at the Latest Dish (one of my favorites).  My bf had a fried falafel burger which had great seasoning.  
I'll definitely be back soon.We have only been here for brunch but we have been several times. The brunch menu is terrific and the service is excellent. Artie is a fantastic server-ask for him. The Barrel House has an  extensive list of beer and whiskey/bourbon selections along with a full bar. For us it is a hidden gem for brunch, even on the weekends it is easy to get a table.To celebrate our anniversary, the GF and I went to the Society Hill Dance Academy for some private ballroom lessons. Afterwards, we decided to stop by Dmitri's for lunch. Unfortunately, they were closed, so we walked a few blocks west and came upon Bainbridge Street Barrel House. 
In addition to providing bar bites, they host Quizzo and do bottomless brunch with Bloody Mary's and mimosas for $20!
The Farmhouse [$13]
8 oz. blend of Pat La Frieda ground beef, farm fresh goat cheese, cremini mushrooms, red onions, greens, St. Somewhere Saison Athene aioli, brioche 
The GF was in the mood for a burger and luckily for her, Pat La Frieda beef was on offer. The burger came out medium as requested and was nicely crusted and juicy. The savory mushrooms and the tang of the goat cheese helped to create a great bite. The sesame-studded brioche held the innards nicely. The vinegary tang of the aioli showcased the floral notes of the beer and the accompanying fries were well-seasoned. 
Pork Belly Benedict [$10]
When I saw that pork belly was on special, I obviously had to order it. Unfortunately, the pork belly was lacking and this particular dish was not exactly on bar with Green Eggs' iteration. Still, the pastrami-cure on the thinly sliced pork belly was interesting, with the mustard seeds providing some pop in the hollandaise. The potato hash was creamy and well-seasoned and the fresh fruit helped as a palate cleanser. Still, a bit disappointed in the dish overall.
---------------------------------
The GF and I came back after inviting some friends to check out Bainbridge's Quizzo. Advertised as starting at 7/7:30PM, the games began closer to 8PM. Not incredibly busy like Fado, there were about 8 teams on Tuesday night.
Kentucky Orchards [$9]
Applewood infused Buffalo Trace, Fernet Branca, Lillet Blanc, apple cider, honey syrup
I decided to start off the night with some applewood-infused Buffalo Trace bourbon, which was brightened up with apple cider and honey. Nicely light and smokey.
Cicharron Special [$4]
Had to order the pig skins, which were freshly fried and covered in subtly smoky espelette spice mix.
Beer Battered Pickles [$5]
Whiskey aioli
We also went with the fried pickles, which were not as good as Kite and Key's and showcased a chewy batter. Definitely could have used a thinner coating and some more time in the fryer.
Fish & Chips [$17]
Beer battered haddock, fries, housemade tartar sauce  
The GF went with the fish and chips, which also had a well-seasoned, yet chewy batter. Still, the fish was flaky and meaty. The accompanying fries were crisp and nicely fried.
Sally Smothers [$13]
8 oz. Pat la Frieda, fried egg, pancetta, sharp provolone, fried shallots, mayo, brioche
I went with another of Bainbridge's Pat La Frieda burgers, which had good flavor and was moist. The fried shallots were a nice touch, though the pancetta seemed a bit lost. The sharp provolone and fried egg helped to bring each bite over the top. 
Overall, Bainbridge seems to do burgers decently, but has more than its share of missteps. In fact, the GF ordered a Diet Pepsi that tasted of chlorine. Seems that this was the case in some of the other reviews on Yelp as well.Came back here again and was still impressed! Got brunch and the variety of food selections was pretty solid. There was a french toast burger, pumpkin waffles with fried chicken, and I got a breakfast burrito (staple, but a classic). 
All of the food was very good. Well flavored and not too pricey. My burrito came with a huge mound of home fries and fruit. Beer selection is also great. I was impressed with both the service and the food so I'll definitely try coming back here again!Came here for 4th of July brunch with some girlfriends and had a great time!  The $25 bottomless mimosa and bloody Mary deal was well worth it. The pork belly pastrami Benedict was delicious!  Highly recommend for any brunch outing.This is a great casual spot in the neighborhood with a wide beer selection.  There are so many beers on tap, i lost count. The staff is friendly and I never had to wait longer than just a few minutes to get a new drink if I had an empty glass.  
The food selection is very good too! I love the fired calamari. It was seriously the best calamari appetizer I have had in the city! I can't wait to go back. It's crispy, fresh and delicious. Try it.My mom and I came here for brunch on Mother's Day. It was a beautiful day out and we opted to sit by the open windows. It wasn't too busy inside. My mom was craving eggs, but we ended up ordering Mom's Chicken & Waffles and French Toast Burger. This was our first experience having chicken and waffles! The rosemary wasn't too strong in the waffles. We didn't get enough of the whiskey syrup and asked for more. We were given the regular syrup. The French toast burger was something else and something worth trying. I was afraid of having a heart attack afterwards, but I was ok. That was our favorite dish between the two. 
Our server could have been more attentive. A good thing was that our water cups were always filled, thanks to the helper.It's embarrassing how bad the service is at this place I'll never be back. Slow rude not knowledgeable about the menu.  Checked every boxCame in for a friends birthday for the $5 sangria. Service took awhile but the drinks were pretty good.The service here kills this place.  My roommate and I stopped in for a couple of cocktails last night.  They put us outside, got our drinks and promptly forgot about us for about an hour.  No refills, no food offered.  We actually had to walk into the restaurant to ask for the check, and then bring the check back in with my debit card.  SO BAD!  It's a shame because the drink was very, very good and the space is pretty.Inoffensive, tolerable mall bar.  Very regs atmosphere.  This neighborhood can do better.  Maroon 5 on the radio.  Solid beer selection, but overpriced.  Too many beers in non-pint glasses.I really enjoyed the sour beers draft list. It felt curated, if only because it was themed, but also for the range of choices and deliveries. Want something served in a particular type of glass? You can choose based on that silly decision. Also ABV, origin, price, etc. 
We tried a fair collection and I was pretty pleased with the variety and quality of the pours. 
The food was okay. There was goat cheese on a lot of it, so I wasn't going to be upset. Put goat cheese on a piece of asphalt and I'll probably still eat it. I was not impressed by the fries, but other reviewers were fans. The fried pickles weren't amazing, either. I love fried pickles. These were less than average - a sweeter pickle, batter/breading with no flavor to it, and a texture that wasn't soft or crunchy. The dipping sauce that came with was supposed to be a whiskey aioli - I'm not sure why it was supposed to be whiskey flavored in the first place (is whiskey and pickles a thing? for pregnant women?) but it didn't translate. Just a slightly tangier mayo. On top of a lackluster pickle, I wish I hadn't bothered.Being that it was the first week and they are still working out their kinks, service was ok...the food on the other hand needs a lot of work.  To start the portions are VERY small.  We ordered the fries in mushroom sauce which was very good, however there were like only a skimpy handful of fries.  The table also got an order of the calamari and the pork belly, both portions being a joke for the price!  Finally, for dinner I got the lamb gyro which was terrible!  The meat was dry and crumbling apart, there was hardly any sauce, the only redeeming quality was the pita bread...I will not be visiting Barrel House again anytime soon, which is a shame being that it is right across the street from me.If you come here, get burgers and beer. Had a pizza on a previous visit and it was like something I would have made in my toaster oven when I was in 5th grade. However, the lamb burger and Sally Smothers burger are fantastic! Great beer selection, 1/2 off for HHR (4:30-6:30).I've been here countless times since I wrote my last review and I still think this place is pretty worthy of four stars.  They have a seemingly endless amount of beers here and the food hits the spot for me.  I love some of the vegan choices they have on the menu (tempeh and quinoa dishes, amongst others), but make no mistake: their burgers are great, too.  I appreciate the events they do here (sour night, hop night, etc.) and they do offer happy hour specials and deals on Yelp.  I will admit that the service can be a little hit-or-miss depending on who you get, so hopefully that will improve as time goes on.  I find that sitting at the bar versus a table seems to help with this because the bartenders are more efficient than the waiters.  I'm definitely a fan and I really hope this place doesn't go anywhere anytime soon; I'd really hate to see it close and have nothing here.Stopped at the Barrel House this weekend to get a beer because they had nice outdoor seating and advertised an extensive craft brew list. My friend's beer came out warm, which could not have gone unnoticed by the server because he poured the beer himself at our table... but anyway, they did end up replacing it after reporting that one of the beer reach-ins was not working properly. Got charged for the warm beer anyway, so had to have the check fixed. My main issue though with BSBH from one visit is that everything took a long time, even though it wasn't busy at all. The staff was nice enough--but from start to finish, the service was painfully slow. Not in a rush here to go back.Work to be done here..... Brunch service 45 minutes from order to table.  I felt terrible for the waitress who kept us informed.  Why we were there two tables complaining.  One table left before thier food came.  The food was OK.  portions average but not served hot only warm.  The table next to us asked for the manager, He never came.  He almost cowered at the front.  Not customer friendly.  So much room for improvement, beautiful space, great location.  Just need better kitchen staff.  Had chicken and waffles.  Waffles were a tad on the rubber side possible seemed microwaved.  Waitress older gal... highly gracious.  I felt deeply bad for her.Absolutely love the food! I got a cheeseburger with feta cheese and an egg and it was amazing!! Will for sure be returning!I've been here a few times mostly because I live in the neighborhood and keep thinking it will improve, but alas it does not.  
The food is hit or miss and generally is just bland.  Mac and cheese as well as the gnocchi are favorless.  Fish and chips are great, but they were out the last time I came.  Hummus is homemade and decent.  It generally a bit pricey for the small portions so you have to order more than one item.
They have a great bottled beer selection, but are generally out of my first and second choices which is annoying.  I find the wines to be a tad pricey.  
Service is notably slow and staff is not knowledgeable about the food and drink menus.  I ordered the salmon with bok choy and it came with asparagus instead .  It would have been nice if the server mentioned small updates like this when I ordered.
Last week, I had my final meal at this restaurant.  I was with 2 others and we order a bunch of apps and each an entree.  After 20 minutes, our entrees were served.  When we inquired why we were served our entrees before our apps, they response from the waitress was that she didn't know why they weren't served.  We didn't cause a stink, but were a bit miffed.  After trying to eat the gray looking salmon, we sent it back as it was completely inedible.  We asked to speak with the manager who apologized for the bad food, but only took off one salmon entree.  When we inquired about the lack of apps, he replied that our server was going through personal issues and that was it.  I DON'T CARE IF MY SERVER IS GOING THROUGH ISSUES- who isn't?  Don't bring your problems to work and serve my food!  I would have expected our entire dinner to be comped, but we barely got an apology from the manager.  Needless to say, the service nor the management isn't up to par.  Combined with bad service and bland food, I won't be coming back here ever.  Bottom line, don't waste your time or your money.Regular spot I come to for the whiskey and the burgers. Delicious hot spot to take advantage of the next time you are nearbyLove this place.  They have a great beer selection.  Went to Philly for the weekend a few weeks ago.  We ended Friday night at the bainbridge and we liked it so much we went back for brunch on sunday.  The 4 cheese mac is to die for.  Also try the Mussels and the fresh lamb sausage.  My favorite thing was their signature drink, the Bainbridge.  I am a big bourbon drinker and this may be the best bourbon drink I have ever had.   It is sorta like an old fashion but with a sour cherry twist.  Can't wait to go back.Went for the 3rd time on Thursday, the "night of the great hop," a night when most of their taps were serving up IPAs. We had been last Sunday for brunch and when our very friendly bartender realized we liked IPAs, he mentioned the event. What to say? Incredible for a couple of hopheads! Service at the Barrel House is great - I think they really want to make things right for you. Example: on Sunday at brunch I had an omelet and the manager asked how it was. I said great which the omelet was, but the toast (basic store variety wheat bread) could use some jazzing up. He said thanks for the suggestion and I think he meant thanks and that he would try to make it better. The same day the same manager took our order and my fiance who loves all things pork related asked about the porkenstein. The manager gave a detailed and animated description of the pork filled sandwich. My fiance ordered it and could not have been happier - an IPA in one hand and pork galore in the other. 
We'll be back not only for these reasons, but they've got a good, honest to god happy hour, with various half price beers. I think for a new place they are trying hard to make something special and I'm hoping it succeeds.
BTW - the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because so far I've only had that omelet and calamari (which was delicious). I'd like to eat once more before I go to 5 stars.I enjoyed every bit of my experience here. 
This is a fantastic place for crafts brews and great food. I love the red brick and lamps on the exterior, as well as the unique lighting on the inside that compliments the dark wood furniture, creating a cozy atmosphere. The beer list here displays options for every palate. Being a Belgian wheat fan myself, I chose two I've never had before: Clown Shoes Clementine and Southampton Double White. Both were exceptional; fragrant with citrus and crisp in bite. 
As for food, everyone I came with was more than satisfied with their choices. For appetizers we shared the lamb sausage, brussel sprouts, and mussels. Each dish was bursting with flavor. The lamb sausage was tender and juicy. The brussel sprouts were roasted to perfection,  and the tangy apple and nutty almond accompanied them beautifully. The mussels were plump and juicy, drowning in a delicious curried beer sauce. I would recommend all of these choices and would definitely order each of them again. Yum!
After two delectable courses, one would be silly not to sample the sweet confections and end the meal right. We ordered the cheesecake, apple pocket and olive oil cake. The cheesecake was good... fluffy, yet creamy..pretty standard goodness for a well made cheesecake. The apple pocket was like a dumpling. It was flaky on the outside, but full of chopped up warm apples and sweetness on the inside. Vanilla ice cream complimented it wonderfully. I was very delighted with what I ordered though: the olive oil cake. I had heard of it before, but never tried it. It almost reminded me of a pound cake as it was golden brown on the outside, but moist on the inside. They paired it with salted caramel ice cream and pistachios. 
I definitely plan on visiting here again. There are more craft beers and many food options on the menu that I can't consume in just one visit! :)Not the best but it will do.  I was really excited about this new addition to the neighborhood and will probably give it another try in the future, but the first visit wasn't great.  Normally I don't visit so close to opening as things are still being tweaked, and my hope is that things will get a bit tighter in the coming weeks.
We started with the popcorn which was fine.  It was cold with a dusting of chili lime flavor.  A good bar snack for a couple bucks.  We also tried the pork belly with collards and cider vinegar.  The pork belly was dry and the cider vinegar or glaze was mostly stuck to the bowl.  What I could scrape off tasted pretty good though.  Overall, I probably wouldn't order this again.
I opted for the cod sandwich which was a pretty big disappointment.  The fish wasn't crispy at all so I just felt like I was biting into a big mush ball.  Overall it was pretty bland, even after kicking it up with a little ketchup.  My wife opted for the lamb gyro which she enjoyed, but wasn't overwhelmed by.  The fries were standard but the highlight of the meal; so maybe we'll try some of the inventive fry offerings next time.
Service was fine and the biggest highlight was the Bruery Autumn Maple being on tap.  Kudos for that one!  The beer list was quality as well, although a dollar or two more than I would expect to pay for some of the drafts.  Either way, good to have a new spot, I dig the atmosphere, just hope the kitchen tweaks things a bit in the coming weeks to bring the food quality up.They always have a great draught list and happy hour specials. Food is good too, and it's a great spot for large groups, especially in warmer weather when you can sit outside. My favorite sandwich is the Camilla: grilled chicken, guac, fontina cheese, and a sage aioli.Five stars to the beer selection; three to the food.
Bainbridge is nowhere near my apartment, but I find myself there fairly often thanks to their outstanding beer list. There's really something for every beer drinker here, and their menu is extensive. Their events/tap takeovers are usually fantastic, too. Recently, they had a bunch of Almanacs on for their birthday, and that was just absolutely phenomenal.
As for the food, I've yet to try anything that has been all too memorable. Mac and cheese was kinda bland, the nachos were just okay and the grilled chicken (I forget the name!) sandwich wasn't my favorite.
Nonetheless, you need to stop in for the beer. I'm sure I'll be back soon as well!I really enjoy BSBH. I've been here a few times and more recently with Elaine M. for some Saturday night brews and dinner during March Madness.  We sat at the bar and had a few beers.  Had we been basketball fans, this would have been an added bonus because there are several tvs that line the bar which are viewable from all directions. Nice work.  
The bartenders were pretty good with giving us adequate attention and I thought the beer list was pretty solid.  For dinner we split the fried calamari app which was yummy and the Sally Smothers burger.  The burger hit the spot- beef burger with shallots, pancetta, provolone and a fried egg. Score.   
After dinner we enjoyed a couple more beers and then suddenly Bainbridge Street Barrel House turned into Antarctica.  No idea how or why, but the place was 20 degrees and severely uncomfortable.  I mentioned the temperature to a server who brushed me off and didn't seem to care that the cast from Frozen was throwing a rager in the back of the house.  Thanks, bro. Coats already on, we paid and left.  
BSBH is a good bar for beers, casual but more creative pub fare and a low key night.3.5 Stars. Unfortunately our first experience at Barrel House didn't live up to what we were expecting and what others have experienced. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt a tad because our visit was the same day as South Street Spring Festival as well as The Kentucky Derby so things MAY have been a bit different than they would have on any other given day. MAYBE. 
We were seated fairly quickly, but things went downhill from there. It was 20 minutes before dinner time and they would absolutely not let us order from the dinner menu. The lunch menu did not offer some items our group was interested in. We ordered drinks (crafts brews-pretty decent selection) and just killed some time, trying not to roll our eyes at the waiter. Some of our party wanted to leave right then and there. We were really hungry and tired. I get it, 20 minutes isn't that long. That was exactly my point to them also. We were a party of 8 and were obviously going to spend a bit of money, was it THAT big a deal to upset us? It was a turn off, but we were all so tired from a full day of fun at the festival we just sat. Then we had two different guys VERY slowly bringing us our food. We had no idea which one was our waiter. One took drink order, then the next guy came to take drink orders, again. Then one guy took our meal orders. Then the other guy brought the orders. Then we couldn't find either one when we were ready for the bill. The entire meal including time waiting before and waiting after we ate took WAY too long!! 
Here's what the table had and what they had to say:
-Roast pork 2 1/2. "Sarcone's rolls should never be toasted. May as well have been Amorosos" 
-Mussels 1 "bland"
-Mac and cheese 3 "just ok"
-Veggie Sammy 2 1/2 
"just alright had a funny taste"
-Fish and chips 4 "says it came with vinegar, but when we asked they said they don't have malt vinegar in house at all! Why would you serve fish & chip and not have vinegar?" 
-Tots "delicious!!" 5 
-Brussels "very, very good" 5 
-Mezze platter 4 not much to complain about. It was plated beautifully and it was tasty! They obliged when I asked for double hummus instead of goat cheese. 
-Burger 3.5 good enough. "Too well done for medium rare" 
"Too noisy. Slow service." "Horrible" was a word from our table used to describe the service. 
The place is cool. It has neat light fixtures, high tops, bar seating as well as outdoor seating and those great big windows that open up allowing for a nice breeze. They had the derby on and the entire place was lively with a nice crowd of people.
 I personally may give it another go, I'm not sure the others would. Perhaps for brunch next time...This place has bar-none the best stuffed grape leaves I have ever eaten.  They are fresh, rather than the standard soggy-and-soaked-in-olive-oil that you find in every other Greek salad, so you can actually rip through the leaf like you're eating real food!  AND they are stuffed with a delicious combination of quinoa and goat-cheese.   Give me a whole plate of these and I'll die happy!!!
That being said, the hummus that came with the mezze plate could have been flavored a little better.  It lacked some salt and garlic.  And the olives were ok but pretty standard canned greek olives.  They came without pits, so that was nice.
The mac and cheese was delicious too, but it's mac ad cheese.  You have to work to screw that up.  
So all in all, this is a nice place but definitely not one I'd be screaming at my friends to go to next time, unless I am craving an entire plate of those grape leaves again (which seems likely).  Good beer selection.  
In all:  Good choice if you're in the area, and great outdoor seating!Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to try the food, but they have a great beer list and an even greater happy hour  (half price drafts). Wonderful outdoor seating, good serving staff. Great experience, I'll definitely be backGreat atmosphere, staff, menu and beer selection.  See you again soon !!!
Nachos were good ~ a bit pricey but it's Philly ....First I want to say..the place is SO cute.  They have indoor/outdoor seating, the inside is really nice and comfortable.  I had high hopes.  We went for Mother's Day, the host was very pleasant, and handed me a rose.  Nice.  There's the one star for that.
We sit down and it takes a REALLY long time for anyone to come over to take our drink order.  By the time the waiter does, we are ready to order our meals.  As soon as we are done ordering, a waitress comes over and ask us if we are ready to order.  Disorganized, but, I can look past that.  I will say again, I REALLY wanted to like this place.
Our food comes.  My husband gets a french toast burger, which was a little pricey, not much to it, and he said it was just okay.  I get the french toast which was pretty yummy...and I ordered my 2 year old daughter pancakes.  As I begin to cut her pancakes, I flip one over and notice a hair in the pancakes.  Sigh.  I tell the waiter, who says, "oh yes I see that..." and takes the plate away.  My daughter proceeds to cry....which was not fun for a mommy on Mother's Day.  Hey, she wanted her pancakes!
Anyway, it takes a good 10 minutes or so for a new plate to be made.  They are pancakes, come on! And when the waitress returns, she says to us, "well it wasn't my hair!"  We did not receive an apology from anyone.  And we were also charged for the pancakes...I think since it was their mistake, and they upset my daughter, they could have done SOMETHING for us.  Or at least an apology.
Will not be returning :-(My experience at Bainbridge Street Barrel House was not pleasant. I went here to have a couple drinks and appetizers with co-workers on a Thursday. My wife showed up with my daughter about 15 minutes after I arrived. My wife and I then took turns holding my daughter, who just turned one year old. After serving both my wife and me one beer each, another gentleman came over to our group and advised us that it was illegal to have our daughter in their bar/restaurant. I've done some research on this, and everything I have read tells me that it was within our rights to have our daughter with us. If they didn't want us there, they should just say so - don't make up some law that does not exist. Also, everyone in the place should have been on the same page, and they obviously are not on the same page if one employee is telling us how cute our baby is and another is kicking us out because of her. It was great that my family plus all my 10 co-workers left immediately after the man said we couldn't have our daughter there. All of us leaving probably cut the amount of people they had in there in half and you could tell our server was angry they'd kicked us out. Anyway - bad experience, bad/disorganized execution by the staff, not kid friendly. Whether you have a family or not, I don't recommend going here. Its too stuffy for a hip crowd and they don't like young families either. I guess if you're 50+ or your kids have gone off to college, go ahead and check it out. Though that demographic doesn't last too long in this neighborhood.Very good food; excellent beer; crummy service.  I used to go here religiously because I live nearby, but the service has been so poor the last couple times I was there that I cannot allow myself to go back.  Been going to competitors like Growlers and Bridget Foy's instead.  Last time I was there, two servers walked by me outside for 20 minutes without taking my drink order.  The best food and beer in the world doesn't matter, if the servers are too uncoordinated to bring you any.We've been here a few times and have been disappointed with the service. Servers were slow and innattentive and did not respond appropriately when orders out of the kitchen were wrong and, or delayed.  Tried to sit at the bar and were impressed with the knowledge and attention of the bartenders.  Would only come here again for a tap take over (beer only) and bar service.  Table servers were slow and lacked knowledge of food.  Needs improvement.This is difficult because I think that both the food and the beer selection are top notch.  I mean I really enjoyed everything I ate and drank.  The best advice I can give is to go here to drink or to eat at the bar.  The bartenders were awesome, they knew all about the beers and they gave us great service.
The problem really started when we decided to sit down to dinner.  We had actually planned to meet for dinner and had only been waiting at the bar for a table.  The reason we spent so much time at the bar was that the hostess forgot we were there waiting for a table.  Not once, but TWICE.  
Once we sat down the service was really bad, especially bad for a craft beer bar.  The server seemed to know absolutely nothing about beer.  As in, I'm not sure he knows the difference between beer and chocolate milk.  He kept bringing us the wrong things, so we had to start physically pointing to the menu in order for him to get the order right.  I would think that any server in a place basically built around beer should at least know the basics.
Additionally our server was slow and just generally unhelpful to us.  When we requested the check his face lit up like he had won the the lottery.  I finally realized he just wanted to go home! 
So, as much as I'd like to give a better review to this place, I really think they should just stop trying to be a restaurant and just be a great bar that serves good food and great beer. Because that is what they are!It seems that there is a real black/white split on opinions of BSBH, but I'm going with the positive side feeling like I can give my two cents now having visited numerous times in the last two months. To those that complained about the long wait for tables in the first week of busininess operation: well, it's a brand spankin' new joint in an area known for other great eateries, obviously there is going to be a wait. Sorry you didn't get a table, that's what happens when a place is doing big business. Maybe I'm wrong, but if you didn't stick around to try the food, have a beer, or visit once the hype settled down to see what this place is really about then you don't have a basis for judgement.
After quite a few nights at the bar just oggling the beer menu and dabbling here and there in a few apps plus a brunch club meetup, I'm going to stick with a healthy 4 stars. The fried pickles are pretty awesome, the calamari is up there as well,..paired with one of their many unique rotating drafts and barrel aged beers, sometimes just sitting at the bar is enough. Big TV's, knowledgable bartenders, and a view into the kitchen keeps things nice and casual while the other side of the house has your more traditional restaurant style seating.
At brunch club, we were asked how many would be in our party and I told the hostess between 6-8 and we were given a set of high top tables on the bar side of the house toward the 6th St. windows. My bloody mary that morning was really excellent with quite a spice kick to it, just the way I like it...other orders included champagne cocktails and beers. Orders for brunch around the table ranged from waffles to mac and cheese to my smoked salmon bagel. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals, my salmon was a little "meh" not exactly those thin larger slices of fish mroe like smaller pieces that I needed to piece together on my bagel like a puzzle, but the fact that the bagel was made in house and was actually fairly decent (for a Philly bagel) made up for it. Service was a little "off", our waiter forgot to take one entire meal order as he walked away from the table and we had to flag him back, but what happened a few moments later is what sealed for me the 4-star rating.
The last two of our party arrived shortly after ordering (assuming they were not going to show up) and it was a friend of mine with her 7 year old son. The hostess came over and told me that we could not have her son with us at the table because we were seated in the "bar half" of the restaurant. I took one look around the full restaurant and asked if there was anywhere else where we could sit. She said unfortunately not and that we could wait for another table (mind you, the rest of us had already ordered); my friend said "it's ok, we'll leave"...now obviously I'm in a bad spot because I don't want her leaving, maybe I should have mentioned the child when we got our table initally (it didn't dawn on me that this would be an issue), and the restaurant couldn't really cancel the orders we had placed 15 minutes prior. The owner came over and told us the policy, that it was not just his policy but a hard law, he then told us that we could stay...no one shouldered blame for the minor hiccup, but he really went on a limb to allow us the seats.
I like that I can add another local spot to my list of those that allow me the one block walk home after a night of boozing and one that offers a reasonably priced brunch with friendly accomodating staff.We absolutely love this restaurant and is the perfect neighborhood feel good place to go with family, friends or to sit at the bar. Great staff and an attentive owner make this a fun night out. Their burgers , fries and fish and chips are just as good as eating them in England. Creative desserts and the best selections of on taps beers/ ciders are also  the best.House Made veggie burger! Great beer list and friendly owners/staff. Here a few times over the years. Good place.I came her for the DuClaw tap take over, and had a blast! Our waiter was a little confused with our order because it was soooo busy and there were many customers that looked alike (random, I know). But still, the waiter maintained great composure. He brought us the wrong beer and allowed us to keep it (it was fantastic so nobody was too upset).
I'm giving this place 4 stars because even though the service wasn't the most amazing, I think all waiters/waitresses and bartenders did the best they could with the circumstances. I saw all of them hustling and making sure all customers were doing ok. For me a sign of a good waiter is when the waters get refreshed. Although mine was refreshed only once, I still consider this an amazing feat seeing as the place was crawling with people. We literally could not find a place to stand.
in the future, I would come back. Although hoping for better crowd control next time ;)This review is biased  because we sat outside on a beautiful day and my dog was behaving for once. Wife had the veggie burger and I had the mezze board. Everything was really good. Lots of beer choices as well.I have such high hopes for this place, I really do. The beer menu is just outstanding but I have yet to have a good meal there. Brunch, lunch, and dinner. I will continue to go here for their beer, but that's it. The food is consistently undercooked, and the ticket times are just unacceptable, even if they're not busy. I keep hoping they will get adequate staff, but my hopes haven't been met.Five stars for beer selection
It's insane.  Bottles and drafts
Very friendly staff, great location just one street south of south street.  What a lovely neighborhood.The food here is horrible.  One of the worst restaurants I've been to in Philly.  I've walked by few times and atmosphere  seemed fun and the food looked good at a glance.  We had the dog with us and sat outside (outdoor seating is was nice).  My boyfriend and I decided  on sharing the Mezze board and Lamb Burger.  Everything on the mezze board was drenched in oil and the veggies salads super bland.  Oil literally dripped off the board and puddled on the sidewalk below.  The lamb burger was just ok and not worth the price.  I hear they have good drink specials, but if you want a good meal...don't come here.What a disappointment. My husband and I stopped by here for dessert on our anniversary after having a really nice meal on the other side of town. We sat outside to enjoy the summer evening and ambience of 6th street, and it went downhill from there. 
When the waiter realized we were only there for dessert he was visibly annoyed and treated us poorly. He was dismissive, abrupt, and unfriendly. He was impatient and rushed us to order. We ordered two drinks and two desserts. My husband's tea came out in a filthy glass and when I pointed it out to the waiter he didn't even apologize. He got him a new cup, but it was pretty gross. 
After placing my order for peach cobbler, the waiter came out 5 minutes later and said they were out of cobbler and suggested I order something else. I ordered the cherry cake instead. Our desserts came out 10 minutes apart from one another and both were edible, but not tasty. The cherry cake was dry and had little flavor, the strawberry pound cake dessert was strange. It had cubed pound cake and tons of whipped cream, but was mediocre at best. 
To put a cherry on the rude cake, the waiter spilled water all over my lap. Good thing it was warm outside. 
I'd recommend avoiding this place and going to the dozens of other restaurants on the block. Terrible experience.Great selection of rotating beers, you can always find something new and interesting to try! Good food, variety of cuisine options. LOVE the slaw that a lot of the dishes are served with. Outdoor seating available! Only sad they got rid of the fried pickles :(Think of bar food prepared by a chef instead of a cook. These guys know how to take seemingly polar opposite ingredients and combine them in a way that incorporates their natural delicious flavors without masking them behind copious amounts of salt and butter. Try the French Toast burger medium. Oh and the Draft selection is top notch.Nice neighborhood spot! 3.5 stars.
It's a place that recently opened, and I wanted to check it out. Since it was my friend's birthday, it was the perfect time to combine good friends and good drinks. The place is really gorgeous! I loved the mason jar light fixtures and the contemporary wood furniture. It wasn't crowded, so our table of four was able to sit at one of the hightop tables near the bar. Service was pretty attentive, but it wasn't too busy anyway.
Can't comment on the food, so let's focus on the drinks. They tried to add a few twists to the classics, and it was a nice attempt. The drinks were "meh." I ordered the Apple Manhattan, while she ordered the Pear Cosmo. My drink had a bit too much bourbon to balance the apple flavor, and hers was just way too sweet. I let our server know what we thought, so hopefully if and when they get ordered again, it won't be such a mishap! However, the sauvignon blanc and the champagne we ordered next made us forget the tastes of our first drink.
I wasn't in the mood for beer, but the list was extraordinary! Nice choices for craft brews and rotating drafts! My other friends ordered second glasses for their beers, so that is definitely a good sign.
Since it was my friend's birthday, we surprised her with apple pie a la mode! The dessert was delicious and a sweet way to end the night.
My next visit will be to try the menu!Food was great and the portions were decent sized.  Beer and drink selection was good.  4 stars because the service was ok-our waiter was nice enough, but didn't seem to be too well versed with the menu.  Hostess was a sourpuss who looked like she wanted to be anywhere other than there.I am happy to report that they finally put it all together and  we can add Bainbridge Street Barrel House to our brunch list. It's not that there's a shortage of brunch restos in South Philly but miraculously all of them have an average wait time of one hour so an additional choice is always a big plus. Service is great, as always, food is tasty, prices are VERY reasonable (can't beat this one in extremely overpriced Philly), the space is new and clean, and the outside seating is nice and ample. Loved my french toast this morning  (and priced at $7, it's even more appealing!), and looking forward to being back some time soon.I want to love this place, $5 Margs and Sangria (ALL THE TIME) and a tremendous draft list, plus sizeable outdoor seating! BUT, without fail every single time I have received horrible service. I've worked in the industry, I've never asked to speak to a manager, I understand the struggle but after a second, third, fourth, and even fifth shot for them to get it right, they have still failed to provide timely or sufficient service. Last time I went I waited almost 20 minutes and not a single server approached us (not even to apologize for the wait and say they would get to us soon), and there was plenty of support staff idly staring blankly around as we waited. The restaurant was only half full and the four tables closest to me had not even been given waters. It doesn't matter how cheap or plentiful their drinks are if I can't get someone to serve me one.This is my first review on yelp. Typically even if I have a bad meal (which is really rare) it's not bad enough to write about. Unfortunately, the Barrel House was indeed that bad. 
To start at the beginning, we waiting nearly 10 minutes for our waiter to come over after being seated. Once he finally came over we placed our order and let him know we were in a bit of a hurry to see a show. Our beers came quickly but after that we waited almost 45 minutes before we started to worry. From there we had to go over to the maitre'd stand and ask about the status of our order. She went to go check the kitchen and after 5 minutes another waitress came over and asked what we ordered because they didn't have our order. After another 10 minutes our Empanadas finally came out. They were somewhat cold and tasted like they had been cooked quickly in a microwave. After our entree came (we were sharing the chicken sandwich) and we finally finished, we waited yet again for our check and and our waiter (who we saw for the first time since ordering) finally came over. He didn't apologize and after this point we never saw him again. We eventually took our check and money the maitre'd stand and walked out the door over 75 minutes after we sat down at the table.
On top of all this, I took the time to fill out the comment card since they claim to want feedback. I filled in my email address and addressed my concerns. I fully expected that I'd get an email saying "our bad, give us another chance" or "grab a beer on us" or even a "we're really sorry"  but now three weeks later I haven't heard a thing. 
Final Thought: There are way too many great restaurants with great beer lists to ever go back to the Bainbridge Street Barrel House.Great cocktails, house infused spirits, friendly staff. What else could you ask for?Great beer selection, pretty solid food. Plenty of outdoor seating too.  Will be back here soon, hopefully for Quizzo!As regulars to BSBH, we are looking for a new local spot. So disappointed with our past 2 visits. Three weeks ago, brunch took 1 hour for food to arrive. Today, we stopped in at 2pm for beers & snacks. Knowing they offer a snack menu at 3, I waited for the tator tots (which I love), only to be told at 2.58pm that the kitchen worked too hard during brunch & is not cooking for the mid-day. What a waste. Do yourself a favor & head to a better run establishment. Food is good, beers are good. But the way they run the joint is by far suffering.This is hands down the best happy hour in the city! The staff is always very friendly and make sure to get our drink orders in before happy hour ends (which is a huge plus!). Plus, they have a rotating (very large) craft beer list, so you are always choosing new things. We've only had some of the appetizers for food (wings were great, mac just okay), so this review is more for the happy hour and beer selection. Definitely an awesome place if you are looking for a chill happy hour spot with a great selection and friendly staff.Been there a handful of times....food is good but service (particularly at the bar) is SLOW and rude as can be. Past two times we have been there we sat at the bar for drinks and food. We went for dinner....place was empty...pretty much only people there.....Bartender took our order....got our drinks....and dissapeared. We got our app 20 min later.....never was asked if we needed another drink. After that our food was MIA...after about 25 min (45min after we placed our original order).....we asked the bartender if she knew when our food was coming out bc it had been a while since we ordered.....
before i even finished asking she said "its been 22min".
Let me just say this...
i have been in the restaurant industry for YEARS....bartender...
I get how the restaurant biz can be....
so let it be known that i understand and am very sympathetic to normal restaurant happenings that go on that cause problems....
BUT...
this was flat out rude....
20 min later (close to an hour after ordering)
we got our food....
and dont you know my husbands burger had a hair in it!
Needless to say...sadly....the bad service overshadows the good food....
Not worth the aggravationStopped in here for Happy Hour.  1/2 Priced Drafts!  "Yes Please!".  What a great deal!!  I had more beers than I had intended to get, but for that price, and decent beer selection, I couldn't resist!  Plus, the bartenders were very attentive!  I snacked on some Fried Pickle Spears and the Hummus Plate.  The pickles were ok, just don't eat them as soon as you get them...otherwise you'll be burned.  Literally!  I liked the addition of the artichoke to the hummus, and that you get more than a few pita slices.  I've been to a couple places that give you a lot of hummus and 2 small pita slices...but thumbs up to Barrel House for serving a generous amount of pita that goes along with the generous amount of hummus!  I would recommend coming here for Happy Hour, it's simply too good of a deal to pass up.I was really disappointed. Went in for a beer and there were 2 bar tenders. It took 10 minutes to get a beer in a relatively I crowded bar. The staff was too worried about end of night cleaning than the patrons. Trying to close my tab was just as bad. The bartender was right in front of me and ignored me so she could finish stacking cups. 
Left a bad taste in my mouth. Customer service is beyond sub par. I won't be returning here.I really want to like this place, but their is a weirdness to the menu. The pic shows popcorn ($3) - small bowl for this much money. Higher mark up than movie theater?! I jokingly asked if there were free refills. 
Pickles - best $2 I've ever spent here. Very delicious. 
And that scrawny asparagus was $5. WTF?! I was expecting thicker spears. 
My friend likes the beer selection (I am not a beer drinker and cannot comment, but wanted to make note).
I like trivia on Tuesdays and no other bars around here have it on Tuesday, so I shall return. 
Would love to see different sauce options for mussels, free refills on popcorn, healthier options, and asparagus with more girth.
Edit: a tequila special on trivia night would be amaze ;)Decent bar with a good beer selection. Their food is good, not great. I have had both decent and very poor service here. My rating would definitely be 4 stars if they could just get their wait staff together. Often, in larger groups, they ask one person at a time "can I get you anything" then walk away before asking or before you can flag them down to let them know that you would also like something.Service was incredibly slow, disorganized and not knowledgeable. Took forty five minutes for our order - the fried tomato salad (tomatoes weren't properly tried, the arugula was doused in dressing so heavy it looked like soup) and the French toast burger, which was bland, lacking seasoning and punch. Never got water, server was all over the place. Unfortunately we won't be coming back :(I've only been for brunch so can't comment on dinner but was fairly unimpressed. I had the chicken and waffles that was a wimpy piece of chicken on a waffle that looked like it came out of an Eggo package. Bloody Mary tasted like straight watered down tomato juice. My friend got lamb sausage that was pretty good (albeit on the smaller portion size) and the coffee was decent. Granted we were there back on their opening weekend but it will be a while before we go back in the hope they improve.One word, Porkenstein! What a fantastic sandwich . Ground pork patty, with pulled pork pork belly and ham and cheese, does not get any better than this, come hungry. Stopped by for lunch last week and only a few other people were there but I sat at the bar and was served by a very knowledgeable and friendly bartender who knew his beers and allowed me to try samples when I had a question. Will definitely come back for great food and serviceAtmosphere was very cool.  Bartender was very knowledgeable about beer & food!  Good brunch!  Definitely be back to try dinner.  Awesome draft & bottle selection.Great beer, food can be hit or miss. I've had some good dishes and also some very mediocre food. Service is also spotty sometimes but I keep coming back for the excellent draft list.Favorite restaurant in Queens Village, hands down! Beer selection is great, fun atmosphere, and amazing food. I'm also very excited they have now been approved for outdoor seating, and will plan to venture here a lot during the summer.After the first 2 selection were not available off the food menu on a Sunday night because they were sold out. Dont really care if the food is good from this point. Kitchen needs better management if you cant even stock whats on a small menu. Our first time here probably our last. Looks like a nice place wish our experience could have been better.I came here after an unusually short day at work. I called up my broinlaw who lives a couple blocks away in society hill to join me. I got there I think at 410 ish? And I think hh started at 430?  Some establishments aren't so technical and will give you the hh discount if its close to hh. This place isn't one.. in fact the waiter suggested we come back in 20 minutes if we wanted those prices.  Which we weren't going to do for a mere 1-2 dollar break. When we end up ordering a few more beers during the actual hh times they still charged us regular prices. I called them out on it which they corrected eventually. Awkward.  Overall Decent sampling of beers but there are other joints in the neighborhood with better selection for cheaper prices.. regardless if its hh or not ;)We were looking for a place for a quick craft beer after dinner at the nearby Silver Fork. It was Philly beer week and they had a nice selection of brews to choose from. Most moderately priced, although one was $14, rare perhaps. Bartender was friendly, attentive and helpful.
We would be back.The beer selection is good and the atmosphere is very comfortable. The food is so-so. I've eaten here twice - the first time food was par, the second time the mussels arrived cold (tragic given a sauce that would have been excellent warm) and one of our party was completely disappointed with their pork loin entree. We live nearby and will try the place one more time - it could slip to two stars if there is no improvement.
Tried the Barrel House again - they just can't get the food down. The beers are great and our waitress was friendly and attentive. Outside seating for drinks - that's the draw.