Went for lunch with coworkers mid week. Not too crowded and plenty of staff. Eager to fill your water glass; a little too eager that they are regularly reaching across the tables. 
Never mind that, the food was very good. We split two orders of the vegetarian rolls (3 per order). Two of us ordered the Pad Thai; the other two ordered clay pot soups. One soup was Green Curry Seafood Soup in clay pot (very spicy) and served with rice. She loved it. 
I am blanking on the other soup.  It was in a clay pot and was more tomato based and not served with nice, nor was it as spicy. She also enjoyed her lunch immensely.
The Pad Thai was listed as spicy so we both requested the dish with less spice. The restaurant happily obliged. The dish did skimp on the shrimp (only 4, and tiny), but was generous with the tofu and sprouts. It had good flavor, but I picked up a strong syrupy sweetness at the end. Next time, I would request the sweet to be scaled down too. 
Lunch for the four of us ran $54 before tip. Not too bad but slightly more expensive than other Chinatown spots.
Will return. Place has a large menu to select from and is deceivingly cavernous.LOVE! Great BYOB- and tolerant if the crowd gets a little...rowdy. Largeeee food menu which is intimidating as there are very "safe" items and other much more authentic dishes.  The staff is very willing to help with recommendations.  Prices are very, very reasonable. Large area and great for large groups!! Have been a couple times and will certainly be back.The roti canai and the Indian Mee Goreng will hit the spot! Although I only got takeout from here, the food was beyond amazing and they got the spice level just right and even made the dishes vegetarian for me. The inside isn't anything exceptional but you come here for the food.
If you're looking for a mandalas in place that can do no wrong- it's banana leaf.This was my first time and definitely my last. Ordered this Mango Chicken and it only had 4-5 pieces of small chicken. It's an $18 dish after taxes and I cannot believe how cheap they are with the chicken. If it was served as an appetizer for 1/3 of the price then I wouldn't really complain but this dish was marketed as a full meal.
I left feeling ripped off.  All they did is mix the mango in sriracha and some sugar. I spent most of my time digging around the mango in search of chicken. Never again. I'd be extremely wary of the other comments on this restaurant who praise the sub-par food here. Because the main people who frequent Banana Leaf appear to be the hipster-type who would probably consider sushi from a gas station as "authentic." 
I lost faith in center city establishments. Where the growing trend is to charge more for poor quality. I find much better food in ghetto areas like Washington avenue in South Philly where you always get your monies worth. No wonder most of Anthony Bourdaines reviews come from the outskirts of Philly and never center city.
I know that after reading this you may be pondering, "Why is this guy giving a bad review after only having one bad experience?" Well, having lived in the Philippines half of my life and been to Vietnam, China, Japan, Westminster California, and many asian establishments in Fort Lee, NJ and Manhattan, trust me when I say that most of the food on the menu does not look appetizing at all. I live, breathe, and sleep asian cuisine. Knowing how the food is going to taste by just looking at the ingredients on the menu, and the mango chicken appeared to be something that would remind me of being back on the west coast. Everything else looks like cheap Thai or Chinese takeout that has been altered a certain way to look halfway decent ( i.e inside mango or pineapple shell )
Anyway this place appears to be good for the college freshman with poor taste in food who just wants a spot to bring alcohol into. If that's you then you'll love getting ripped off here and be blindly thankful for it.
If you have a sophisticated asian palate and are looking for quality then steer far away from here. Because you could find much better food for the same price you'd spend here somewhere else.One of my favorite restaurant in china town.
I really love their Char Kuey Teow. It's better than Penang restaurant by far.
Their Kangkung stir fry  vegetable and Indian Mie Goreng also really nice.
They usually give you free desert or free oranges at the end of the meal.
It's BYOB, so I always bring wine to share with friends.If you and your friends were going to go to Penang for dinner tonight,  do yourself a favor and go to banana leaf instead.  Your friends will be impressed by the food and by the bill.Kept it simple - Roti Canai and Chicken Rendeng (sp?). Food was great. Atmosphere was casual - - - plus its BYOB. Definitely must check this place out.I really like this restaurant! The service so great! Everyone who is working, serves you! It's a pretty cool thing! 
It's a BYOB! Don't forget your bottle! 
Great restaurant for groups!
I really enjoyed the food! Be adventurous and try something new! Ask the servers...they have great suggestions! 
Sushi is also good!NYC lacks a great Malaysian restaurant so that's why I travel to Philly to enjoy my Malaysian desires. 
Much better than all the Malaysian restaurants in nyc - Banana leaf has such flavorful delicious authentic Malaysian dishes. 
Just wished they avoid serving sushi, I can tell it is horrid. Also, dual national food restaurants usually don't do well. (I mean come on, would you eat at a Chinese Japanese restaurant.....) AVOID SUSHI
Okay, I admit i forgot what I ate, but their noodles were delicious AND you have to TRY their pancake - made perfectly! The manager/boss there is very pleasant and the ambiance though dark and wooden serves well. 
So avoid nearby PENANG and come to banana leaf instead, you won't regret it(unless you order sushi)The chicken was tough and difficult to eat. It was technically white meat but had the texture of something you'd get at a low budget Chinese take out, very rubbery, some parts over cooked as if boiled too long. My friend who accompanied me agreed. I didn't even want to take my leftovers home. I prefer Penang and probably won't come back here.One of my favorites' in Philly. The restaurant is a BYOB place. The food is just excellent. It has a big menu, and most times places that have that tend to be really generic. Not the case with Banana Leaf. The roti canai is a must to start off with.Order my usual Roti Canai today and it was very disappointing. The pancake was way too crispy and the curry dipping sauce was soooo oily. Then later ordered the Pad Thai and it was just way way way to sweet. It was if someone pour sweet and sour sauce all over it.
Both items are usually way delish. What happen?!Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious. I admit I had never been to a Malaysian restaurant before Banana Leaf, but even so I must say their menu is full of unique items. In fact, it's SO full of unique items that it can be overwhelming, but I've had good luck so far by closing my eyes and pointing at a random spot and going with whatever my finger lands on.
I am a creature of habit in that when I find something I really like, I tend to want to order that thing all the time. At Banana Leaf, I force myself to try something different every time, and I urge you to do the same. Even better - go with a group of friends, everyone order something different from a different section of the menu (noodles, beef, fish, etc) and do it family-style. The portions are big enough, and sharing is caring, after all.
There is one item on the menu I feel I must draw attention to. My friend ordered it for us, and she called it ABC, but I don't know if that's its technical name. It's shaved ice with beans and corn and jellies. Basically, if a snow cone and a burrito had a baby, it would be this. Once you get past the very strange texture and slightly odd temperature situation (COLD corn and beans? It's odd, I assure you) it's pretty tasty, and also a definite experience to eat.Our go to place for noodles on the fly! they deliver which is awesome!! If you have the time they are a BYOB! 
Mi Siam and Shrimp Pad Thai = YUM!First, I have to note that I got dinner here to-go, so I can't comment much in the waitstaff. That said, I was rather confused when I walked in because the front door looks like a side door (if you go here, you'll see what I mean). I made my way to the register and grabbed a menu--realizing that the proper menu is only for sushi and the real dinner menu is of the takeout paper variety. 
Wanting to get local input, I asked the lady behind the register what she recommended for a spicy fish with no seafood. She went through a few options and landed on the curry chicken with rice, which is what I went with for takeout. 
The wait was reasonably short, and the chicken curry was good. Not amazing but certainly not bad, it came with a healthy portion of rice. It wasn't overly curried, which was nice. 
All in all, definitely not a bad choice, but not a place I would write home about.My go to vegetarian option: The sizzling tofu. It is absolutely wonderful here. It's nice to get hot creamy tasty tofu that actually has flavor. So many places just dice it up and serve it without any actually time put in attempted preparation. 
I had the seaweed salad and it was a large healthy portion, which is nice because it's my favorite salad in the entire world. 
The food is the reason why you come here. The decor is tacky and it can get pretty loud toward later evening because most people start to come in with bigger parties. 
I think it's interesting that they have such a combination of cultures on the menu. You can easily get a high quality meal of the diverse cultures they have represented, and it's a good representation of the food.First off, we were supposed to get a private room for a birthday party, but last minute we were told it wasn't available anymore. We were okay with that as long as w still got a table, but then they gave us the check in the middle of our meal and asked us to leave 45 minutes after we sat down. While the food was tasty, we were very disappointed with the service we received and wouldn't highly recommend this establishment.What an awesome place! It's ironic that I'm a banana as well (an asian american that is white on the inside, yellow on the outside =) ).
I took GoToBus.com aka the chinatown bus from Washington, DC to Philly on the evening of 11/24 and got to the Philly drop off location at around midnight. I was freezing, about to go insane because I that's how I get when I'm very hungry and my ride was running late. To top things off, my iphone died on me and had no way to get a hold of my ride.  
Luckily, Banana Leaf was open late and I walked in and order me some Pad Thai, charged my iphone while I was waiting,  and warm myself up before heading out. I am a banana and I endorse this yelp. :)What is there not to like about this place??! Great food, great prices! I've tried the beef, chicken, and noodles, are all are pretty bomb! Also, the place is BYO, so last time we went we brought a bottle of wine and it just made our meal so much better! My favorite Asian restaurant in Philly!So good! I have probably ordered the Pad Thai here about 500 times. It is always perfectly savory with a nice and spicy bean sprout salad on the side. They have so much variety here, enough to please the pickiest of eaters! It's also BYOB!This spot rocks. I know many people who dine here and get take-out too. Was just here with a massive group and they took very good care of us. One of the go-to spots in Philly Chinatown for late dinner after training.Mango Tofu was not only a very tasty dish, but presented nicely. My only issue with the restaurant was the service.  Not the friendliest of environments.  If you are looking for a nice cool appetizer make sure to try the achat.Bad service. Foods not flavorful and the waiters/waitresses are assholes. Not worth the money at all. Try another place in China town instead.love the food love the service me likey mi siam and hainanese chix riceIn every South Asian restaurant that I go to, I always get at least the place's tom yum soup. So far, my favorite has been the one from Joy Yee's. Others have always been too sweet, too sour, too bland, lacked vegetables, or the portions were too small. However, the tom yum at banana leaf did not disappoint! I would rank it one of the top 3 tom yum soups I've had.
You can either get a tom yum just soup (I think there is shrimp, mussels, squid, carrots, mushrooms, squash..?, and other vegetables), or the soup plus noodles. If you go for the soup, get the large portion, not the small! 
Most of my friends got some sort of noodles, which I tried and was indeed just delicious as well.Oh man, I love this place!
All you need to rustle up is a ten dollar bill from your wallet and a bottle of wine stashed in your fridge somewhere (BYOB) and you can expect an awesome, satisfying, authentic Malaysian cuisine experience.  Did I mention it's cheap?
I've had the Thai basil noodles (love me some wide noodles, see pic another review posted) and the pad thai, both are first rate.  (Although, have you ever had *bad* pad thai?  Neither have I.) 
The service is fast which makes it a good choice for working peeps on their lunch breaks.  Also, it might have been a coincidence, but I've been here 3x and each time it was crawling with large groups of men...so single ladies take note.  (Although, if I'm there I'm pretty much engrossed in my bowl of noodles--not exactly a man magnet situation.  Oh well.)Consistently good all around with an excellent and extensive menu; our go-to in Philadelphia and we prefer Banana Leaf over Penang. Not much else to say except my favorite dishes:
- Roti canai or roti telur
- Seafood scramble egg chow fun (warning: it's a little soupy)
- Seafood with crispy noodleI enjoy the Singapore noodles whenever I dine at this establishment. The ambiance/decor is very pleasant.  Friendly staff and the rice is top notch.In Philly for work and purposely went to Banana Leaf for dinner with a colleague because I heard it was a great place to eat.  WOW, it was AWESOME!  I loved it, we had the shrimp soup and as an entree I had the banana leaf prawn dish, it was YUMMY :)  And for dessert we had the fried banana with ice cream.  Great food and definitely great value.Roti Canai was awesome.
I really loved the Mee Siam.
The Edamame had a bit too much salt.
My takeout Chicken Rendang was so good when I got home and gave it to my husband, I ended up eating some. 
 I loved it though. Really. I was instructed what to eat and told it was very hit or miss. So that's something to consider. Plus, who doesn't love a BYOB?I am a regular at this place and i like it a lot. This is my first comfort food choice of all time ! 
I think they have the nicest servers out of all the restaurants in Chinatown. 
Make sure you get the Roti canai for appetizer, it is an Indian influenced flat bread  and it's eaten with a side of curry chicken. The flat bread is crispy on the outside but chewy on the inside, I've had really good ones from here . The curry chicken is actually really creamy, with creamy potato and small chicken bites. 
hainanese chicken comes in 1/4 1/2 and a whole. If it were just two people, 1/4 is plenty ! 1/2 could be shared between 4~5 people. A whole chicken, well I don't know what you are going to do with all that chicken. 
Pad thai - I get it all the time, it's a bit sweeter than I like. 
curry with fish head - it doesn't sound so appetizing , trust me it's really good. At first, I thought it was gonna be a stew filled with fish heads and the fish's eyes are staring at me. Silly me, it's actually fried up , you can't tell it's fish head if I never told you about it. 
The pineapple fried rice is actually so so , I don't recommend getting it. But here's the thing, it tastes amazing if you put the curry with fish head stew over the fried rice.Either a hit or a miss at this spot. 
2/3 of the foods we ordered was decent. 
We have the roti and it was pretty good the chicken curry was our favorite. We also got the seafood chowfun which is always a good dish to order. Nice and thick gravy. 
The one thing I'd tell you to avoid is the special squid thing. It just tasted like frozen squid thrown together with a random sauce they found. Disgusting. 
The atmosphere was meh. Dark and barely anyone was there and honestly wouldn't come back.A great little joint with delicious food and amazing prizes. My lunch for two including an appetizer was less than $20, and the portions were great. 
Many people have recommended the thai basil noodles. They are right. The thai basil noodles are amazing. Tangy, somewhat sweet, savory, and delicious. Plus a huge portion. Great stuff. 
And, the staple roti canai was also pretty good. 
Definitely enjoyed this place and will be looking for similar spots to try!Super average.  Period.
In fact, most of the dishes were in the 2-2.5 star range.  Some of our dinner guests ordered sushi (I was afraid) and most said it was either "good" or "average."  The wasabi was hard and clearly not fresh.  The fish was fishy.  I am a bit of a sushi snob and I wanted no part.  Prices on the sushi were very good.
The beef satay was good.  Tender and priced at under $6.  
The entrees ranged from average to totally bland.  The $15 sweet and sour chicken was fried chunks of tough chicken in a "store front Chinese" sauce.  The Captain's Noodles were literally overcooked noodles in soy sauce.  Three pieces of small shrimp with the tails still on, a few pieces of tough chicken, and no pork (even though the menu said there should be some).  Even though the portion was huge, the flavors were nonexistant (outside of soy sauce).  $7.50 not well spent.
The pineapple rice was presented in an empty pineapple shell, but it, as with most of the dishes, was bland.
The ginger duck Lo Mee was probably the worst dish.  The hunks of duck bone with tiny bits of meat were so overseasoned with ginger it was inedible (at least my gf felt so...I agreed).  
We did not stay for dessert.  
There were a few positives: the meals came out fast, the water was replenished quickly, we were seated immediately, and the ambiance was nice.  
There are loads of better places: try Lee How Fook.I went to the Banana Leaf after a long day travelling; therefore, I was there in the late afternoon and not at a "normal"" mealtime, so some of my observations may be biased by this.  The restuarant was quite, the service was very prompt, and the waitstaff was very attentive.  Each of the items I ordered were excellent.  If I were staying in town, I would definitely return.Banana leaf is like a cheap knock off purse.  It's almost an exact replica of Penang except with flaws.  When you get a small soup , it's ridiculously small.  I would assume small soup would be good for dinner for 2. It's a soup for half a person.  For the same price at Penang, you get triple the size and better taste.  Their service is also a lot slow even though they are not as busy as Penang.  Their Hainan chicken comes in small portion cut in small pieces.  In realtiy, you are getting 1/3 a chicken when you order 1/2.  There is also a foul taste to their chicken even drowning in their sauce won't get rid off.  If you compare Banana leaf and Penang, they basically have identifical menu, and similiar decorations but Penang is always packed for a good reason while Banana Leaf are swatting flies.Had clay pot of noodles    Massive    Share it   
Ichiban role was nicely done  
Very attentive and nice people   
Ambiance is the only reason it's not a 5This place used to be good but the last two times I have been here have left me wanting to leave asap. If you go on a Friday or weekend night, it is extremely loud and basically a place for college students to pregame. I brought a bottle of wine and was given plastic cups, probably a  precautionary step because their customers end up getting drunk and rambunctious (I was too when I was in college). However, if you are trying to have a slight chance of having a conversation with someone, you cannot hear anything over the loud noise. No more banana leaf for me. I'd rather go to Penang.yum yum. eat here. byob. cheap. food is very good. id recommend just ordering a bunch of everything and sharing it with your friends. sushi was super fresh. mango salad super tasty. arrive early on a friday or saturday because this place gets packed! i will def eat here again. and again.Borderline 2.75-3-star restaurant. We were visiting Philadelphia in early December 2015 and came across this place as we were walking by. If I remember correctly, the TripAdvisor stickers drew me... in. I was craving Malaysian food so we decided to try this place. We got their beef curry and cooked/haianese chicken... lets just say that I have had much better Malaysian food. The prices are fairly cheap which is a redeeming factor especially if you are ordering off their lunch specials which no doubt locals order from. It is for the latter reason that I am rating this a 3-star restaurant vs. giving them 2-stars.Love the place! I am deaf and we went with a group of sign language students. We all signed (no talking allowed as part of the sign language students' assignments), and the waiters were incredibly friendly. They were helpful and understanding to us, and some even picked up a few signs from us! The food was excellent and very filling. BYOB too
Some of the food I've had in the past here: 
Roti canai - awesome curry
Martabak - similar to scallion pancake, pretty good but a bit too much onion for me
Beef chow fun - always good. Beef is very tasty
Thai basil noodles - delicious. Not very spicy really. 
Fried pearl noodles - interesting... Never had pearl noodles - it's just a bit weird to me, so I wouldn't get it again
Spicy thai chicken rice - not impressed. Not spicy at all really.I love this place for one reason- the Mee Siam. Please, when you go in, just get the Mee Siam, even though your brain says "Wait, there's Pad Thai- you love Pad Thai!" Get the Mee Siam and you'll thank me later. You can't beat the price either! 
My hubby loves the sizzling platters (twice as much as the Mee Siam though!) and they are good if you need your beef & peppers fix.
They also have some great appetizers that I splurge on every now and then, like the Roti Telur or Canai, but my favorite is the Poh Piah. Don't ask questions, just get it and again, you'll thank me later. :)
Special Note: I went to Penang for years until Banana Leaf opened. I find that Banana Leaf is fresher across the board and the menu is so similar that I don't miss Penang at all.You can't beat this place for the price.  The food is fantastic, unbelievably good for what you pay.  Large crowds do tend to eat here, so it can get loud, but you should expect that being that it's right next to the Troc.  If you're a cracka like me, the waiters will deter you from ordering anything that may make your gag-reflex motorboat.  If you know what you're doing, just reassure them.  This place is basically identical to Penang, but seems to have fresher ingredients.
Recommendations: Indian Pancake, Beef Rendang, Coconut Rice, Spicy Prawn Soup, Mango ChickenUsually I go to Penang which I think are the same owners of this place but several years ago when a friend of mine told me about this place from me telling him about Penang, I started coming here and have even brought along and told friends about the place. Prior to the creation of Yelp (that's how long I've been coming here) he and I double dated here. 
That was a good night because the variety of food was great and something about eating with more people that makes it seems like you could eat forever.
 My visit the other day was to have Sushi but it wasn't being served at the hour I went so being hungry and settled in, I ordered the Banana Leaf Fried Rice dish and some Roti.
Now usually I sit by the window and watch the people go by and those coming entering but this day I sat closer to the wall where an outlet was because I needed a charge. 
When my server came over, a pleasant, thin Asian women that has been there for several years of my recollection I ordered the  Roti which I first had at Penang in 95 or 96 and have made it an appetizing must when the craving hits me at either location.
 The seafood rice dish I ordered, I also had at Penang's for the first time but I recall always taking the leftovers with me but this day, I ate everything and it was the same quantity as in the past. Hmmmm, have I become greedier or the dish more delicious for the sitting? 
Hahahhaha, I'd say the latter because my appetite is really quite the same. The service here is always prompt and efficient. I always like to sit at tables with outlets so that I can keep in touch mobile-ly and there is one off to the side when you come in.
 No sushi this time but my next visit in a week or so, I'll shoot for some. 
Always a great dining experience here in the heart of Chinatown.I enjoyed my lunch at the Banana Leaf, the staff is polite and fast! I would recommend going with the Captains Noodles, and it was tasty! Perfect spot for lunch in my opinion.Banana Leaf is my first Malaysian restaurant I've attended. With group of friends, I went to this resturant in a late evening. First off, it was very crowded so I highly recommend reserving a seat beforhand. Roti Canai was served as an apetizer and it was actually really good. I don't like anything that has to do with coconut and I could tell that it had coconut milk in it but the taste actually didn't bother me because of their unique soup base. I ordered mango chicken and my friends ordered curry, noodles, soup, etc. They all tasted very unique and the food was not bad at all. But from my friend's point of view, she said that their food was not as spicy as it should be compared to other Malaysian restaurants. We wanted some spicy kick to our foods but none of them seemed quite spicy. Than for dessert, red bean soup was served. It was sweet and hot and I just loved it- perfect in a cold weather!
The place was decorated with very interesting theme. It kind of feels like we are in a jungle. But I personally think it was too dark to eat food and the place was way too loud; I couldn't even hear my friend who was sitting two seats beside me. But it's a very friendly atmosphere!I walked in without a reservation and didn't have to wait, which I really liked. The staff was friendly. The food was amazing. I thought it was very flavorful. I went there with an old friend and sat there for three hours expecting to be kicked out but they were super nice about it. I can't wait to try some of the other things on the menu.First of all the waitress I had was a nightmare, she was pushy and talked too fast.  I ordered boneless chicken in curry potato sauce. The chicken tasted like old stewed thighs and had bone in it. The way the bones looked..you'd think it was Rat Torso. I complained and expressed that I didn't want bone in chicken at all. The waitress argued with me, but finally gave me what my friend ordered. It was the pineapple shrimp with chicken added. I loved the dish except the small shrimps they used that didn't taste fresh. Some were mushy and the sliced chicken had no flavor. 
When I got home the worse of the worse happened.  I ate a piece of chicken that was rotten. The mushy rotten dairy smell punctured my nose as I chewed!! I spit it out in shock. The dish is served in a pineapple. The freshest thing WAS the sliced pineapple. Everything else was sub par. I walked pass the bathroom and noticed a container with dirty dishes just sitting on the floor. It was empty in there for a reason. It's poor management and reminded me of a bathroom after a hour being in there. Never again will I go to this place. I regret tipping the smart ass waitress anything. I only did it so that she'd give me my take out container without spitting in it .Such a great BYO atmosphere! I constantly recommend the restaurant to friends! I am fairly picky, so i usually stick with the Chicken Fried Rice, but have no complaints on the food! Service is a little pushy to get you to pay and get out, even when the restaurant is not busy.I really like this place for several reasons. First reason, it's a great place for groups. As soon as you come in you get seated right away. I know some times when you're with a large group there's often a wait time. So no worries about this place. Next I love this place because they are super fast with serving food and drinks. I don't think I've ever waited longer than 15mins to get my meal. Lastly the prices here are unbeatable. Low prices, delicious food and fast service, what more could you ask for?The servers and the food are good but the cashier auntie with glasses who doesn't wear uniform is so rude asking for tips!! I missed calculating the tips and she was so mean to say that you don't even know maths. I was like I will never go back to this restaurant if the attitudes are like that. Not sure she is the manager or not but her attitude should not work in any restaurants anymore. I would put negative points if this apps allows to.Lets start with..
CONS
Roti Canai -  Disappointed. It wasn't crispy enough, and seemed kind of chewy. The curry sauce that came with it seemed water down. 
Mango Shrimp - Shrimp was on the small side, and other than it being sour, I tasted nothing else, it's like they just poured the sour sauce over the shrimp and shredded the mango and threw it in.. 
PRO
Service was good, didn't feel rushed at all even when they were packed with people... 
Hainanese Chicken - way better than Penangs I must say. The chicken was not frozen, which is where Penang seems to fall short on.. Lacks a bit of flavor on their soy sauce part, but other than that, I still give it a thumbs up.Ok ok, I was a bit angry with you on my last review BUT I have to admit that I do love you.
Mee Siam, Beef Rendang, Crispy Squid, Roti Canai, Spicy Thai Chicken... yum yum yum.Mango Chicken tastes like unseasoned chicken swimming in ketchup, but the mangoes taste good. Banana Leaf Rice tasted mediocre/okay. Best thing was Ginger Beef Scallion Dish. Try to avoid this place as best as you can.When it comes to Malay food, I am a HUGE fan and have lots of expectations going into any restaurant that attempts to capture the magic of that region. So I was stoked to learn that my latest conference took us here for lunch.
In my opinion, the menu is a bit congested and convoluted with similarly named items across different food categories, so it takes me a bit of time to peruse through everything. I guess the upside of that is there are various options! 
Banana Leaf is a Chinese-owned Malaysian restaurant near the edge of Philly's Chinatown. With regards to the environment, some of the perks include its pleasant spacious interior for larger group events and the fact that it's a BYOB. A downside would be that it can get somewhat loud. They are a large restaurant with ample seating and an equally large menu to select from. We opted in for their Malaysian Group Adventure (A) ($18/person) which contained the following options:
- Roti Canai
- Indian Mee Goreng
- Pad Thai
- Pineapple Fried Rice
- Beef Rendang
- Mama Chicken
- Curry Tofu
- Orange Slices
The set was huge to say the least! Every few minutes, they would bring out plates for our 30-person party to share family style. My favorite dish that we had served was probably the Curry Tofu which was vegetarian friendly. Sadly I wasn't too crazy about their homemade roti- it was a bit hard to pull apart and the curry was lukewarm which wasn't my favorite. 
Every dish I tried was fairly decent since they also cooked everything in large portions. A lot of the options I'd say are more Thai influenced than Malaysian, but is still a good sampler for those that have never had this type of cuisine before. However, service was right up there and they made sure to take care of our large group. I certainly appreciate Banana Leaf for hosting us and for cooking up a storm.
Hopefully I will get an opportunity to come back one day to try some of my favorite Malaysian dishes that weren't included in the set menus.My friend Cambria had been talking up Banana Leaf for weeks, so we finally went out for dinner.  First off, the menu is huge.  It will take at least a few visits to order everything that sounds appetizing.  
We started with the roti, which seems to be their most popular appetizer.  It was a flaky, slightly crispy fried dough served with a curry dipping sauce.  It was pretty good, but I prefer naan.  The entrees are pretty large, so I think this dish is miss-able.  
For the main, I ordered crispy fried squid.  I liked this dish, but I wish it would have had some king of sauce served with it.  Further, all of the squid pieces were from the mantle (or the head) and there weren't any tentacles, which I think are the best part.  I asked for it extra spicy and they obliged with adding a healthy serving a thai chilis.  I wouldn't order this again, but it wasn't bad.  
Cambria ordered a curry chicken dish, and overall it had good flavor.  Nothing exceptional, the meat and spices were simply good.  Both of our dishes were served with coconut rice, but I couldn't taste the difference from normal white rice.  The fried rices dishes, however, are great.  We ordered chicken fried rice, and I surmise that the pork fried rice is also tasty.  
The dining room is large, but there isn't much to remark about in the way of service or atmosphere.  It's like a lot of other Chinatown eateries, and is also similarly priced.  It's also a BYO, which is a great feature.
Bottom Line: The extensive menu offers a lot of good choices, and this is a good representation of Malay food.  Still, the area does offer a lot of good options, and Banana Leaf isn't my first Chinatown option.  Good, not great.I hate to give it a 2 star review, I have been here plenty of times, but not in the last 2 years,  after visiting the autoshow me and my family decided to have dinner here, wait was approximately 1/2 hour no biggie, we got seated and it did take a little while to take our orders but no biggie they are super busy, but why the 2 star?  There was a loud crowd of college students chanting "CHUG CHUG CHUG"  I was like... ok......I could not even have a conversation with my family... after like 1/2 hour they left I was like "finally"!  Guess what???? More of them came in... SAME CRAP!  Mind you my 4 year old is watching!   The whole time we eating it's these rowdy college students that think that they are at a "house party"  food is good, but that doesn't make up for anything... not to mention I paid cash  and was never offered my change smh... 2 star because the waiter was nice... IF you want rowdy college students, under age drinking,  this is the place for you!   I will go to Penang next time... very disappointed this used to be 1 of my fav restaurants...We have usually gone here late at night and gotten several small dishes to share. The fish head soup, satay and roti are our favorites. My husband also loved the salted fish with Chinese broccoli (btw don't actually eat the fish - its just there for seasoning!). The rest of the menu looks tantalizing and we look forward to trying more dishes.We walked in on a Friday night when mulling out options in Chinatown.  Basically we needed some grub before heading to Hop Sing Laundromat.  My girlfriend and I had never tried Malaysian food and my buddy who was with us highly recommended this place.
First off, this place is so much bigger than the front gives it credit for.  Plenty of seating.  There is a sushi bar right in front when you walk in and there is a huge open kitchen in the back doing all the dishes.
For starters we ordered 2 orders of the homemade roti canai.  It was basically this very thin, fluffy pancake that you dip into this curry chicken and potato brown sauce.  It was pretty divine and the flavors were just amazing.  We could have just gotten 1 to share, but we certainly gobbled up both orders no problem.
For entrees we decided we wanted to share.  We got the singapore rice noodles, beef rendang and thai style boneless chicken.  The rendang came out first and it was just drenched in this aromatic sauce.  It had hints of cinnamon and was just a great combination of flavors.  The beef was also super tender and just falling apart.  The chicken came out next and we were blown away (at least the gf and I).  The sauce was just out of this world, with all the sweetness in the beginning and the bite at the end.  It was with an excellent mix of veggies.  Last the rice noodle dish came out to us when we were all enthralled in what was already on the table.  The rice noodles were excellent and the veggies/shrimp were plentiful and fresh.  We had also gotten 3 orders of the hainanese chicken rice, which was also fantastic.
Best meal out I had in awhile.  The prices are super reasonable as well.  BYOB!  Will be back again, no doubt.My husband and I visit this place at least once a month.  I have been here at least two dozen times.  The food is delicious and the service is amazing.  The waiters come to your table often.  We usually order the Roti canai, pad thai, curry chicken and chicken rendang.  There are our favorite meals.  The soups and casseroles are large.  We prefer the soups over the casseroles because the casserole broth is more like a gravy than broth.  The prices are very fair especially when you order a noodle or rice dish..(under $10).  The fried ice cream is a must try.  It has a light dough around the ice cream and a nicely thin battered banana.  We usually order extra grape jelly with it.  I prefer this place over Penang, but Penang seems to have higher ratings.  Def. a must try.We were here for dinner. We ordered a pancake (roti) and the chicken curry dish. It was really tasty. The service was great too. Will be back for more.i like this place after a long night out at the club. Food is very tasty.  i like this place vs. penang. Both penang and banana leaf share the same menu. yum... banana leaf chicken wing and indian pancake was made to profection.Malaysian food is packed with hearty flavors.  Banana Leaf does it perfect.  I use to go to Penang, they kind of lost my biz bcse they went to mainstream.  I won't talk about the service, any Asian restaurant in C-town is not going to impress you.  If you want to look for a hearty, affordable meal, B Leaf is a must try.  Items that are a must: Indian Pancake, Hainan Chicken, Prawn Noodle, Water Spinach w/Malaysian spice.Definitely a step above most of the asian restaurants I've tried in the City.  Had a duck noodle soup and it definitely did its job filling me up.  Also tried the rambutan drink, which to my unrefined taste buds, tasted just like lychee, which was cool.  
My tummy said yum the whole way through the meal.This place use to had my favorite pad thai. But for some reason  the taste change it taste more americanize it didnt have peanuts it Tasted like pad thai sauce you get in a bottle. But to be fair i still love the hainnesse chicken. ( i know wrong spelling) but i wont kick this place of the curb staff still makes up for some lost of taste.  Make story short i would still recommend this place.Love their Pad Thai and it's byob! 
This place is very consistent with their food and service. Highly recommend for large groups.Gotta love that BYOB!
First off, I always get the same thing every time I go. (If it ain't broke.. right?) That would be the mango chicken. Served in a real mango with mango pieces and a delicious sweet mango sauce. Added to the wine I bring, it becomes a perfect meal. 
I'm not sure about anything else on the menu but everyone I come with usually enjoys their food. 
The true downfall is their lack of seating. I went with a group twice and both times we were broken up. Which sucked. Theres only one big group table and it's almost always taken. 
My advise. If you go with a group, call ahead.Great place, food is okay. We got the famous appetizer and we got a few rice dishes. They put so much rice where the meat is not enough.. We felt being rushed to leave as well.. Will try again next timeA BYOB eatery with an extensive menu of Asian seafood, vegetarian, and traditional dishes. 
Ambiance:
There's a LOT happening at Banana Leaf. Tables are packed close together and you can hear a roar of chatter as you walk in. Walls are decorated with Asian decor which was nice but not distracting. Definitely expect a loud meal. 
Food:
The menu is overwhelming at first. There is tons to choose from but tends to all be different preparations of a set of core ingredients. Many seafood and vegetarian options as well. Definitely recommend starting your meal with one of the roti appetizers - satisfying and delicious but doesn't spoil the meal to come. The entrees were great - I was able to try a beef, chicken, and seafood entree. Those that love spicy food will find no lack of it here, marked with a star on the menu. My favorite dish was the basil chicken. Excellent food that you don't get to eat every day. 
Drink: 
This place is BYOB. I just wish they hadn't given me plastic cups for the bottle of champagne I brought. 
Service:
Servers are friendly and attentive. I wish they had made an effort to help me navigate the expansive menu. 
Value: 
With most entrees under $10, Banana Leaf is a tasty option for a casual, no frills meal or take out.This place was pretty terrible.  The worst pad thai I have ever had.  It tasted like it had goopey marmalade on top, not a hint of tamarind to be found.  California roll had mushy bad avocado.  Tasteless appetizer dish consisting of soggy fried tofu, bean sprouts, and a shrimp pancake so saturated in oil there was nothing left to taste but the oil. The Chinese broccoli with salted fish was fresh and had a good flavor but hardly any fish at all.
The other Malaysian place in Chinatown had slick decor and was filled with Americans.  So we chose Banana Leaf instead because it was full of Asian people and seemed more down to earth.  We obviously made the wrong choice.  With us was our friend visiting from Thailand.  She nearly gaged on the pad thai.Was here last week with my friend , had a good dinner , Service was good and food was very nice , We had asked them to make it spicy and it was spicy no complaints.This is a great BYOB with cheap food. My favorite is their lemongrass seafood noodle soup. I asked them to make it extra spicy last time I went, and they definitely delivered on their promise. I've also had the pad thai which was tasty, but I found it a little greasy. The great thing about this place is that their menu is so extensive that it pleases everyone. And the fact that there's a wine and spirits store a few blocks away...This place is great. I always go with a decent size group and they are very accommodating. The veggie options are great, and you will leave satisfied. We usually stay for awhile and they don't seem to mind, even if we've cashed out.  Very affordable, too.I have been to this place many times, as of late it has been a hit or miss.
The place is nice, friendly. Open to anyone who is a paying customer. The service is only alright, the watering staff is very attentive and will refill your water/drink almost immediately, however the wait staff is not as attentive. Or they just stand there and watch you eat; a very uncomfortable feeling.
During one experience, the food was great! Everything was fresh and was cooked well. Another time I went I got the Mee Siam, the food wasn't seasoned as well as it could be. During my most recent experience I got the pad thai, and the noodles were uncooked. I told the wait staff, and they didn't understand, I had 4 people come to me before someone understood that it wasn't cooked and not that it was cold. They apologized and of course got me a new one but this time they overcooked it. 
Overall, I like the options they provide but the food is a hit or miss and the service is just mediocre.This place looks decent when you first walk in, but after getting half way through our meals my boyfriend pointed out the massive cockroach scurrying down the wall next to me. I jumped up in horror & preceeded to get the hell out of there as soon as possible. We then headed over to Good Dog for beer & shots to get the taste out of our mouths. If you enjoy dysentery, slamonella, or e-coli I highly reccomend this place. If not, stay away!Average food, attentive but short service.
I've had a serious hankering for roti canai, so decided to come here to satisfy the craving.  The curry was good - chunks of chicken and potatoes in a well balanced curry. The pancake was also the way I like it - large and thin (vs the small thick scallion pancake like), crispy on the outside and chewy in the middle; would have liked it to be slightly crispier.
Also ordered the mango salad - not recommended! It had carrots and cucumber, but was drowning (DROWNING) in an absurdly sweet sauce.A popular place for college students, and it's easy to see why. As a cheap BYO with plentiful space and good food to boot, Banana Leaf may not be the best place to bring your family to a dinner amid the yells of student groups and drunk 20-year-olds, but it is certainly a place to have dinner and have a good time. When you walk in, you can head toward the back and note that the space really spreads out in front of you, demonstrating a well-decorated restaurant which is meant to accommodate large parties. Not sure if it was super clean or not, it was crowded so it was hard to tell. 
The dishes range from noodles to curries to entrees which are paired with rice, though if you want to eat for cheap, their 'rice dishes' start at $6.75 and usually feature some Malaysian favorite(Hainanese chicken, NasiLemak, Chicken Rendang, etc.) with rice. For a group dinner we started with a few different appetizers including their famous Roti Canai, along with Spicy Crispy squid and some chicken wings. Their fried dishes are indeed served crispy and the chicken wings were very aromatic, though a little expensive at 6-7 for $9. Next came the entrees though, which all ranged around $8-12, and featured very generous portions that begged the question of leftovers. The standouts though are the Spicy Thai Chicken, Mee Siam, and Kang Kung Belacan. The Chicken in particular was a large portion of juicy steamed dark meat topped with an onion-based sauce that wasn't very spicy(as advertised), but was a little sweet, and incredibly savory and fragrant. The Kang Kung Belacan(water spinach) was sautéed incredibly well, and if I had to choose one vegetable to eat for the rest of my life this could very well be a contender. And the Mee Siam is perfect for a lone diner or to share, and is a large portion that you can easily split into two small meals. None of the dishes were bad, but the other things we ordered weren't outstanding enough to talk at length about. So I won't. Bring some wine and order some noodles and chicken to share, and you'll have a great time at Banana Leaf.I'm pleasantly surprised by how great the food is every time I come back to Banana Leaf. Whether you're in the mood for noodles, meats, or desserts (which are amazing), you'll eat well and have a great time here. I'm personally a fan of nearly all of their noodle dishes and the banana pancake dessert.
I've never had a bad meal here and it's one of the places I love to take people when they come to visit Philly.Excellent place for authentic southeast Asian cuisine. Roti canai is a must have. Popular spot for BYOs.I LOVE BANANA LEAF! My lady introduced me to this place and since then we've been hooked. It's rarely busy but the service is so fast it's nothing to get a seat. The restaurant offers your typical Malaysian favorites. The roti canai and the mango chicken must be made from their magical little hands! ! I know I have to try somewhere else but if it ain't broke don't fix it right?Fast and friendly service! I would have given them 4 stars, but my boyfriend was not completely happy with his dish. I ordered the classic chicken rice with light meat and it was amazing. My boyfriend ordered the spicy Thai chicken and rice with dark meat and all it was was bones with some meat on them. I would suggest giving better portions of dark meat for that option so customers don't have to pick and separate through so many bones. Other than that, this place was pretty good.Prawn Mee Soup... I should have read the Yelp! warnings.  The noodles tasted like cheap ramen, the broth was lifeless, and the shrimp were few.  Five friends reviewed Banana Leaf and gave it high marks, so I might return to test there other offerings, but I recommend staying away from any of their noodle soup-type meals!Perfect for lunch. The food is amazing. Too busy for dinner and they dont accept reservations.I love coming here when I'm hungry later in the night and most places are closed. It's one of the better places to eat that late at night -- and this means I end up coming here quite often. I enjoy their pad thai and pineapple fried rice. I also will ALWAYS without fail, order an indian pancake if I am there. They are the best I've ever had, and I can't find another place that makes it quite like they do. The service is always pretty good. Sometimes I come here for the sushi (which is mediocre, but does the job) - though lately, they haven't been serving sushi (bummer.)The pineapple fried rice is made just right - good balance of spiciness and sweetness! It was almost gone before the camera clicked.  The volcano pork chop was tasty and seasoned well. 
The server - sigh -  who took the order was cold and stand-offish and didn't even bother to ask if we wanted drinks. It's as if he was bored and didn't want us to eat here. He brought the rating to 3!Great food, I got the golden chicken and mango chicken with rice. The food came out quick and hot. The food is really tasty and flavorful. I wish the main dishes came with rice but the chicken rice is my favoriteThis place is so delicious, and they give you so much food for such a great price! Their appetizers are great, their entrees are great, and they have a huge selection. Although most people go here for BYOs, I recommend coming during lunch for a nice, quiet lunch with some delicious food.The food here was pretty good. I got the spare rib soup. The broth was good, the noodles were okay, and the ribs tasted very good, although there were a fair number of bones in them. I also got the fried ice cream, which was delicious.  I was not a fan of the bean soup they served at the end of the meal. The inside of the restaurant was very pretty and spacious.
The service was very strange. The restaurant was not very busy, with less than half the tables full, but our waitress hovered while we were signing our checks, and individually took each check out of our hands the moment we finished signing them.Thai Basil Noodles? YUM!!
Prawn Mee Soup?  YUCK!!  Could not handle the taste of the broth.  
Roti Canai? Good but the tiny bones weirded me out...will not order again.
I would definitely return for the Thai basil noodles -- cheap and delicious, but would stick to just that.Bomb Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown.
At an event last nite and needed something to eat afterwards. Got on Yelp and found this gem a few blocks up. Ordered takeout, they were fast, super friendly and we got some people-watching in while we waited. 
I love Singaporean & Malaysian food and we had it often in California, in fact one of our favorite places was called Banana Leaf, so I was interested in seeing how this place stacked up.
Better than the original. And that's saying a lot. 
Indian MeeGoreng had so much flavor, I'm not a big noodle eater, but I finished these the next day for lunch rather than giving it up to my hub for leftovers.
Roti Canai was probably best eaten fresh vs sitting in a bag for a 20min ride home, but it was still pretty good, chewy and crisp at the same time. The sauce was a little thin and could use a bit more kick. 
Hub's Thai Basil chicken, WOW. I mean you hear 'Thai Basil Chicken' and you think, just another filler item on a way-too-long menu, but wow, the flavor off this dish was amazing. The coconut rice was honestly some of the best I've ever had, soft, flakey and packed with flavor. I snuck some of this dish onto my plate and the dog won't be getting leftovers.
Chicken Satay, again another one of those menu items we've all had and they are all vastly forgettable. Not this one. REALLY flavorful...the meat doesn't even need the thick-as-paste peanut sauce (but it's still fun to slather it on), and plentiful sized appetizer. 
Got a Malaysian iced tea to go, packed well, and it was a bit more evaporated milky tasting than I'm used to so wasn't quite a fan there but maybe it's an acquired taste.
Love love loved this place. It seriously kicked N. California's ass on flavor. Surprise.This is one of our favorite dinner place if we want something quick, flavorful and affordable. We usually get the Hainan chicken and kang kung belacan which is stir fried green veggie with shrimp paste. The portion is so big that its usually enough to feed 3 people. If we have 4 people we would normally add the Japanese tofu. The Indian pancake with the curry sauce is a good starter if you in the mood for some appetizer.I cant believe I never reviewed this place!  I met up with friends here for a birthday party a few years ago. We were the last people to show up, so knowing exactly what we wanted (PEARL NOODLES!) we ordered right away. I HATE trying new things here, not because the food isnt amazing, but because this is my Pearl Noodle place and I would be sad to come here and not order my favorite dish. 
Exactly why?? Well..theyre noodles, but none like youve ever had before. Theyre thicker, shorter, and more like a little dumpling texture-wise. Most importantly, theyre fantastic! I love trying new foods and Ive found something to like in about every culture's food. Living in Philly for 6 years durring college was a great way to get myself to open up to new foods and there really is just too many options in center city! But out of all the choices, I keep going back here for my pearl noodles. I simply cant get enough of them! And who doesnt like noodles!?I'd never had Malaysian food before going to Banana Leaf.  Now I'm a huge fan.  The area may seem a bit sketchy, but Banana Leaf is nicely decorated, clean, and would fit right in around Rittenhouse.
My whole table loved the Indian pancake appetizer with the dip - we were literally fighting each other to get the last couple bites.  We agreed we could have easily drank the sauce.  I remember the mango chicken was quite good (coming from someone who doesn't really like fruit-flavored meat, etc.) as well.  Overall, everyone loved their dish, and this was a group that included several first-timers (some of whom had never had Malaysian/Indian/etc food ever) and a guy who moved here from Malaysia three years ago and has sampled every type of cuisine imaginable.It's A-OK. 
With regards to the environment, some of the perks include its pleasant spacious interior for larger group events and the fact that it's a BYOB. A downside would be that it can get somewhat loud. 
In my opinion, the menu is a bit congested and convoluted with similarly named items across different food categories, so it takes me a bit of time to peruse through everything. I guess the upside of that is there are various options! Of course, the Roti Canai is a classic favorite (for good reason) across Malaysian restaurants as an appetizer, and I typically get it to share with someone. Even though I probably could easily finish it by myself, I typically try not to overdo it on appetizers to save enough space for the rest of my meal! 
During my past visit, we had the green curry chicken in clay pot (listed under casseroles?) and the Hainanese chicken. They were both delicious and flavorful! We did note that the green curry didn't taste much different from typical Thai curry dishes and it felt slightly overpriced, but the Hainanese chicken came with quite a bit of meat and it felt like a good deal. So I guess it kind of evened out to being mediocre in price! Another fyi is that for many of the dishes, you need to order the rice separately, which adds about an extra dollar or two. 
To sum, it's a good tasty default, particularly for group BYOs!I was in the mood for Malaysian food last night but I refused to leave the comfort of my living room. Low and behold, Banana Leaf (unlike Penang) delivers! I looked to their Yelp page for some suggestions and went with the ever popular Thai Basil noddle dish. I don't know if it's just me, but I found it to be pretty spicy. What I thought was better was the Mee Siam; I really enjoyed the vermicilli noodles (they're like angel hair). Even though I was sharing the meal with a friend, I decided to eat all the Roti Canai. It's so good, sharing goes out the window.
When I asked to pay with a card the lady said they prefer checks. Really? Businesses still accept checks? I gladly obliged. 
The meal hit the spot and I even hit up the fridge for leftovers later that night. Sedap! (that apparently means "delicious")We've been to other Banana Leaf and the foods were outstanding; however, the foods here is horrible. Not only the foods were bad but the waitresses are the worst.
Stay away this place!!Ive heard great thing about this place before and it did not disappoint. Great Malaysian food and smoothies along with a few thai classics like pineapple fried rice and pad thai. i had the seafood lo mein and it was great, not too heavy and great flavors. My group members had the pad thai and thai basil and they were both great. Recommendations to try are the martabak (spelling?) the mee siam, and the spicy indian beef. Restaurant is BYOB as wellIt might seem strange, but I'm giving Banana Leaf 3 stars yet I'll readily admit to coming here or ordering delivery pretty frequently.  The food here is not spectacular by any means.  It's simply okay.  But you know, it's reasonably priced, so if I'm in the mood for Chinese/Thai/Singaporian/etc. then Banana Leaf it is.
Here are some of my usual dishes that I order here.  
Pad Thai--now, this is kind of funny because what they serve here is nowhere near Pad Thai (and they know this since I think their menu says their "version" of Pad Thai).  It's sweeter than it's supposed to be and doesn't have enough of the fish sauce flavor.  Nevertheless, it's one of my favorite dishes here, and I always get it.  So give it a try.  The non-Pad-Thai Pad Thai.
Mi Siam--spicy Singaporian noodle dish.
Roti Canai--this is a good appetizer.  Not particularly filling, but delicious nonetheless.  It comes with a curry sauce, and you dip the roti (or Asian flatbread, for lack of a better term) in it.  
This place is one of my core restaurants I think of when I'm at home, it's 35 degrees outside, and the dreaded "wintry mix" is wreaking havoc outside.  Or when I'm just lazy (which happens more often that I like).  I would estimate that the time it takes from your order to getting your food is usually under 30 mins.  I suppose that'll depend on where you live (I live in Center City), but I still think that's impressive.  Especially when compared to other delivery restaurants in the city.  So I think this place is especially good for delivery.Great food!!!  Loved our waitress Josephine.  We were there on a Saturday night at prime dinner time. Was amazed how fast the food came out. We will be back!!Pad thai here is awesome!  But, the service was somewhat lacking and so I can't give more than three stars.  I might come here again but that would only be if Penang was totally packed.Okay you neophyte touristas....get in here and enjoy!  Mango fish was awesome.....service excellent. Red bean sweet soup was transcendental.Seafood Tom yum rice noodle soup is super yummy,satay tofu and roti canai are must have apps and my go to dish Mee Siam always enjoyable. Great prices and consistently good food. Never disappointed.We came here on a Saturday night because the wait was over an hour at Penang (which is around the corner from this restaurant). After eating here I now understand why Penang has a wait and Banana Leaf doesn't. Wasn't really pleased with our order, it was mediocre compared to the food that we get at Penang. I wouldn't come back and would just wait it out at Penang next time. The staff was friendly, but the food is basic.This place is so similar to the nearby Penang that it is hard for me to distinguish between the two.  The main difference is that this place feels slightly darker (only slightly, both have a relatively dark decor) and smaller, with slightly lower ceilings (but both have high ceilings and an open feel).
The menu is big, prices are very reasonable, portions good.  Service was good.  I really don't have many complaints.
Read my review of Penang, the food here is pretty similar: http://www.yelp.com/biz/penang-philadelphia#hrid:7m3fISpugObNl-343vBdwA
I've mostly had noodle dishes and the like.  Fresh, balanced, makes you feel good after eating it. =)EkkK!!
Banana Leaf has discovered my weakness: Food&Fruits. 
I loved loved loved loved my mango chicken. Little slivers of mangos with little slivers of chicken. Spicy, sweet and sour. All presented in the shell of the mango itself!! So cute and pretty and delicious. 
uh oh...
problem...
it don't come with rice. 
"Want to get two orders of coconut rice?"asked the boyfriend.
Wheeee!! Problem solved.
Now, there's the little hint of coconut that peeks out from the tangy and sweetness of the mango chicken. It's so good that I would married it if I haven't devoured it already.
We also ordered the Roti Canai which is good as usual. It was the boyfriend's first time eating it, so he was dipping the pancake into the sauce going "what is this sauce?.. it taste so familiar". Two long minutes later "It's curry!!". I go "well duh. I told you that when i was ordering". (i never said i was dating him for his intelligence).
Boyfriend ordered the Thai Basil Noodle which is long flat noodles with chicken, chinese broccoli, onion, shrimp and of course basil. Cue in the boyfriend
 "ewww there's basil in here". 
"well yea, it is Thai BASIL noodle."
"eww. I thought it would be little basil, not chunks of it. Ewww"
again.. not dating for intelligence (although i should)
half an hour later with both of us incrediblely stuffed.
little man comes with our complimentary tapicoa sweet soup. 
awwwww
/edit jan. 17. 2008/ Oh Banana Leaf, I gave you my heart. And what did you do with it? You chew it up, spit it out and stomp the living **** outta it. Why must you be so cruel to attempt to satisfy my craving for eel rolls by serving me non-fresh eel with large pointy bones in it?! Why? Oh why!!. That costed you an extra star. 
Stay away from the sushi if you dont want your heart broken.The Banana Leaf came highly recommended from friends around the area. The food is good, not great, but it is good. The food however does not make up that the weekend environment. We were surrounded by kids that seemed underage drinking like they were at a frat party. They were playing thumper and having chugging contest. At one point the group was chugging straight from the bottle. The staff did nothing to stop this. 
The staff was also rude about collecting our dishes extremely early. We asked 3 times for our dishes to be left before she eventually ignored us and started cleaning the table. Our party had not even finished eating yet. 
All-in-all, you can find this style of food at other places in Chinatown Philadelphia, I would recommend going to these other places.Good sushi for a really reasonable price.  Service was pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  The prices are great and the sushi was good.  I recommend getting an appetizer because the food can take some time - there was no one else in the restaurant and our sushi (a pretty small order, can't recall exactly what it was) took almost 30 minutes.The Thai basil noodles are the sh*t. Hands down, best noodle dish I've had. I'm originally from San Fran, so I've had my share of Thai style noodles. Just the right amount of heat. I think I may have even seen a chef throwing dough for fresh noodles. Great ambiance, byo and a price point that makes sense. Thumbs up.Last night my boyfriend and I had a late night dinner at Banana Leaf, and it was absolutely amazing.
We both got the Roti Canai for an appetizer, I'm pretty convinced that this is the best $3.50 you can spend in this city (or any other, really.)  Then we shared the Chow Kueh Teow (7.50) - fried noodles with homemade soy sauce, chiles, squid, shrimp, etc - and the Banana Leaf Kari Ayam (12.95) - a rich, yellow, coconut curry full of tender chicken and red onion slices .  Both of these dishes were so tasty and quite different so they really complimented each other.  We also had a side of rice and a sprite, and our bill came to $30.  And I had a bangin' leftovers lunch today.  
Not to forget, service was great, too.  Our waitress was like somebody's sweet little mom, and our water glasses were never empty.  
I think tomorrow I might "just happen" to be riding my bike through Chinatown and somehow find myself at Banana Leaf having a Roti Canai...Five stars for the food, the service, and the price. Having been in Philly a little over two months, this is the place I go to whenever I get a craving for comfort food. Like many other people have noted, the Roti Canai is absolutely fantastic. I'm also a fan of the HK/SE-Asian style curry they serve here, although I could understand why it might not be for everyone -- the dry chicken curry includes bones. 
Note that some of the dishes are priced under $6 and generously portioned. At $5.95, the Nasi Lemak ("Coconut rice flavored with cloved and screw-pine leaves. Served with chilli anchovy curry chicken and hard boiled eggs") is an awesome combination of different flavors and textures and probably the most interesting dish I've had there... yet still oddly comforting for someone who grew up with Cantonese cooking. 
I haven't eaten at a *ton* of places in Chinatown yet, but this place is the best so far.The food here is amazing!! The service is also excellent. They are very helpful with questions and helping to pick out food. The seaweed seafood soup is incredible, if you like seaweed it is a must try! The pancake app is also super yummy with the dipping sauce.This place is one of my absolute favorite in Philly's Chinatown for Malaysian food! It has become my go to place if I want to go out for lunch with my friends and we are on a budget. I am in love with their Roti Canai and the chicken curry/sauce with it. My go to main course is the Chicken Rendang which is served with a side of rice. It is delicious and the quantity is good, I can usually take it in a to go box and eat it the next day.. And it is tastier, if that is even possible. Another favorite is the crispy golden fried chicken with hot sauce. Yum's the word. If you haven't been here and you live in Philly, trust me, you should. 
Oh and they also have this guava candy which you can take on your way out and I think it's just as tasty as the food.
To sum it up. Place is great. Try it!First time there and I love this place. I will definitely go back again. It's BYOB too.I just ordered takeout around 11h30 today and when I opened my pad thai. I only had 3 shrimps which costed me $11. And the mango salad is just half the size I usually get when I dine in. I did ask them do you close yet? If so, I would not order. They just took my order without any respect. I hope they consider the way they prep their takeout order.The food in this place has gone down in quality over the years. I use to go to this place for my Malaysian/Thai food fix. But not anymore. Very disappointed.
Had the Pineapple Fried Rice and Captains Noodles as the entrees. Very bland. Gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 because the Roti Canai was decent.First of all, I didn't expect the place to be as big as it was and the decor was great.  It's obvious they put a lot of work into it.  The food turned out to be great as well.  I highly recommend the chicken curry and the prawn mee was good as well.  If you are in the area you should give this place a try.I use to come here with some Singaporean friends, so I got introduced to the good stuff quickly.  After a few times, this became one of our "go to"  places when we wanted cheap good food.  In addition, they delivered to our apartment with a $15 minimum, so we were frequent customers in the winter.  I like the food here more than Penang because it is a little less greasy.  The dishes that we would always get here is roti canai, pandan fried chicken, hainanese chicken, the hainanese chicken rice, "chow kway tew", tom yum rice noodles, green curry with seafood, belachan morning glory and stir fried string beans.  The only thing that I really didn't like here was the was "ro gu cha"  or the stew sparerib soup.  There was too much mushroom flavor.We visited Banana Leaf tonight after having a bad experience at Erawan.
The food was very good. 
Despite the restaurant being crowded, they were quick and efficient. 
We ordered the chicken satay and it was very good. We had the Green Curry Seafood and it was excellent. We also ordered the Drunken Noodle which we thoroughly enjoyed. We had Vegetable fried rice that could have used more spices.
We also ordered red curry chicken and it was yummy. We did have Malaysian Iced coffee which was delicious. We will definitely be back!Our favorite is Asam Lasak. 
We were introduced to this dish by a waitress. It is a traditional noodle soup for Malasian (the local people). The waitress told us that only local people likes it, she wasn't sure if we like it. Once we tried it, we love it. This is our second reason to visit philly!~ 
The soup base is sour, spicy and has fish flake (fish meat broken into very tiny pieces) in it. They also put a few pieces of pineapple chunk in it, so the pineapple's sweetness ease the spiciness. The rice noodle they use is not the typical chinese one. They use the vietnames type of rice noodle, so the texture is softer and tastes much better.Great food that is fast and affordable. Also it's BYOB and you can make reservation for large parties (can get ROWDY) which is great for big gatherings and birthdays and whatnot. I've gotten wasted here before.... 
I love Chow Keuh Teow and order it every time I go here- it's a Malaysin stir-fried flat noodle dish which goes well with a bottle of Sriracha. It's my secret addiction TRY IT!! 
I've also tried other fried noodles (Basile fried noodle and others..), Curried chicken potatoes with rice and Pad Thai. Fried noodle were all spot-on. Curried chicken was also great but a little bland for my taste after several bites. Pad Thai was disappointing- I didn't know Pad Thai could be bad until I tried it here since it was way too sweet and the sauce wasn't very good. Sometimes they give this free red bean soup dessert that was way too sweet for my taste buds. 
Despite my love for the awesome Chow Keuh Teow, this place gets 3 stars because of the overwhelming waitresses. I always feel rushed to order fast, eat and pay the check/leave whenever I go here, even when it is not busy at all!! They came by several times in a span of the short time my friend left to use the restroom to see if we were ready to order, which was pretty annoying. I would give more stars if it wasn't for their overwhelming service. But still recommend it for their great food!I've only eaten here twice, and I got the same thing both times, but I love it! I ordered shrimp fried rice, but it comes INSIDE OF A PINEAPPLE. It was made with the regular peas, carrots, and onions, as well as pineapple and cashews. The prices are fair and the service is great.This was my favorite spot in Philly. Huge menu, plenty of room, and quick service. One star comes off though because their food quality is not consistent. My favorite appetizer was the roti canai. My fav main was the pad thai, and my favorite dessert was the fried banana w/ice cream.Great food, the Roti Nan is my favorite dish here and then their homemade wonton noodle soup.  Not sure if it beats Sang Kee's but its delicious, cheap, fast, and fun to go with whomever.  Theres definitely something for everyone...even Sushi:)The roti was delicious, as was the chicken rendang. The place got extremely crowded and loud toward the end of our meal, but that may have had more to do with the concert venue next door letting out than anything else.This place is utter trash. We waited 25 minutes after they received order and the food came out to be wrong. The restaurant was not even busy, there were only 4 small tables. After our food was wrong, 2 waitresses passed us twice while we raised our hand for 5 more minutes. The waitress that came to us questioned our judgment of whether the food came out correctly. The lady at the table next to ours were so hungry that she went out to buy food from a bakery, come back to her table and ate, and her food was still not done. This is the most disappointing experience I have ever encountered anywhere in Philadelphia!Great food with variety of flavor. All dishes can be made vegetarian friendly and staff was great as well. The roti canai and noodle soup were excellent.Large dining room so you never have to wait and it's great for larger parties. Last time I checked, the owner owns Penang too so they have some similar menu items. My favorite is the Indian pancake with chicken curry and Hainan chicken with rice. Food meets Chinatown standard.
I give them less one star for the service. The staff seems to stare you down while you eat, ready to clear your table even before you get out of your chair.Good, cheap, fast.
That sums it up pretty well. Banana Leaf is a solid, safe bet. All the dishes I have ever tried are good. I enjoyed in particular the Mee Siam and Indian pancake. The Hainese chicken and rice was also pretty good.
The food is cheap. You can order a healthy amount, be full, and not break the bank.
The food comes fast. The service is fast. The check is on your table fast. You are out the door and on your way, fast.I've been here twice and enjoyed it very much. Both experiences have been pretty good. I ordered Pad Thai both times and it was delicious. I also tried the coconut rice, and was so surprised at how much it tasted like coconut. Delish!  I've also had the Roti (chicken) and the Fried Banana. Both are so yummy! The service was pretty good. They checked on us various times throughout the night to make sure we were ok. They were also very accomodating to various additions or changes my friends asked for in their dishes. It's just a great place with great food.A BYO with some great menu items. Great bang for your buck. If you're looking for a cheap option for a byo this place will satisfy your tastes. The service is ok. Nothing too spectacular. The Pad Thai is a large portion with very tasty tofu. The mango chicken is sweet and filling. However they did just remove sushi from their menu which was disappointing. When sushi was on the menu it was a fully encompassed Asian menu, you could find anything but now it's more just Thai.Great place, no trendy profile like nearby Penang, usu go for the roti & curry mae w/ young tofu!  i do notice that more families eat here vs the other place, have yet to try the appetizer mango something, i forgot but it was a head turner.  
I was just here tonight; had my taken my young brother here, we both devoured 2 orders of the roti ... enter oink sound.. highly recommended!!!  No complaints at all. I have yet to try the green chicken curry.. there's always a next time..I don't know why people that I know are so hype over this restaurant. It's okay to me. 
My friend and I went there twice and the food was meh. I I couldn't finish eating my food that I ordered because of this weird feeling in my stomach came when I ate the Indian pancake.
I do like their watermelon drink though, it's yummy! Other then that, I won't be going back. Don't get me wrong, the staff is SUPER friendly and perhaps, you might enjoy it.We love coming to this place. It's low key and food comes so fast. The food is great and really cheap. We love the Tom Yum seafood rice noodle soup and the roti kania is amazing. The owner is super nice:)wasn't crazy about it, definitely had much better pad-thaiOn a scale of one to things I will miss the most when I move out to California, Banana Leaf is right at the top. Especially their won ton soup, which is the best I've ever had. I like to try new dishes, so I have to bring others along because I am compelled to order this addictive soup, and the roti (which is always the perfect mix of crispy and squishy), every time.
Oh, right, the main course. Won ton soup! But also, have been here on  dozens of occasions, and haven't ever found a bad dish or had a bad experience. Banana Leaf is fast, inexpensive, BYO, open late, has a cute interior, and isn't too loud--you can actually have a discussion with your date (when you're not stuffing your face). 
Definitely my favorite spot in Chinatown.3.5. Went for a BYO in classic Penn style. Lots of college kids there. It was expectedly loud but it was so hectic and the food came at weird times. My food was decent, but a lot of my friends' food didn't come out/was wrong when it did come out. You can definitely get lit there with minimal consequences. Like 80% of the people in Banana Leaf were drunk, but you can still have a decent time if you just want food.Great food. Highly recomended Malayasian restaurant. Get the Mee Siam.Excellent!! It's like being back in SE Asia and i had the pleasure of being there for 4 years  The Roti Chennai was top notch and the Chicken Rendang was as authentic as it gets.One of my worst experience, have been a regular but seems each time the food and service quality is going down.
The basil tofu was very salty and masak chicken was not cooked properly.ZOMG! The mango tofu is amazing!  Delicious food, the staff is accommodating for large groups, BYO, not terribly expensive.  You should go.Simply one of the best BYO establishments in Philadelphia and a popular spot for Penn students. I've never had a bad meal here (I suppose alcohol may play a part in that...).
Food is cheap, portions large, and flavor is out of this world. They make excellent curries, Thai basil noodles, Hainan chicken with rice, and roti canai. I brought my parents here, who previously owned their own restaurant and know what they're talking about, and even they gave their stamp of approval. My brother couldn't stop raving about the curry sauce. 
Make reservations if you plan on having a large party. The restaurant has plenty of room, but they book up fast, especially on weekends and around the end of the semester. They are more than accommodating and are really saints for dealing with all the drunk college students. The food comes out really quickly too!Went there on Christmas day. Service was nice, they refilled the water often and asked if u need anything. The place was full.
The food were good like always, but i only went there on weekends so i have no idea for weekdays. I like roti canai, golden squid, mie siam, and nasi lemak. Try malaysian ice tea and abc ice too.I can't get myself to give Banana Leaf more than 3 stars. I ordered the Thai Basil Noodle and my friend ordered the Green Curry Chicken and as an appetizer we got the Roti Canai. All of the items were good but nothing mind blowing. To be honest I left with a feeling of wanting more. Other than the decent food the service was just weird. Throughout the meal we had more than one person come up to our table, which was fine but our main waitress was just an odd character. She was a little bit hard to understand and would just pop out of no where and was very sharp. I thank them for being on their A game with water refills but the overall service was just blah. Another factor that bothered me was how quickly the food came out. We ordered and the Roti Canai came out two minutes later. Five minutes hadn't even passed and my dish came out followed by my friends meal. It's great to have things come out quickly but that was a little too fast.Love the mango chicken, but when the heck did they start offering it without rice? It's impossible to eat without rice. They charge you for this tiny bowl of rice. You need at least 2 or 3 of those to finish this dish. Last I checked, it is $1.25 for a bowl. Why not just add the price of the rice to the menu and serve it together.I love their Indian Mee Goreng. The noddle dish comes with shrimp, but I always order it without the shrimp. I'm not a big fan of shrimp and I think the dish doesn't need it. The thai basil noddle dish is amazing as well! I have a hard time picking between the two.I liked this restaurant better than the chain Malaysian spots like Penang.  Seemed more authentic.
The Roti Canai was great!  It might have been our favorite dish of the night.
The Mango Salad was tasty as well.  Would probably order it again.
The Beef Satay was a bit dry/overcooked.  Might try it again another time.
The Kari Ayam (chicken in curry & cinnamon spices??) basically tasted just like regular curry chicken with a bit of a kick.  I would probably order it again.
The Chinese Watercress in Bean Curd Sauce was fairly typical.  Not sure if I'd order it again as our veggie dish, but possibly.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the waitresses were very attentive; however, this time, I didn't get the sense that they were trying to push us out quickly, but that could be because it was a slower night.
Overall, I would eat here again.Banana leaf is a great place if you're looking for asian cuisine or more to malaysian.
The martabak telur is one of my fav appetizers....with the curry on the side yummmmm.....
They also have sushi, but the sushi is not that great.... I'm sushi lover but their sushi just not on my list.....I tried the tuna tataki apptz but don't like it because it's over extremely beyond peppery.....maybe their style is diff but I can't even taste the tuna.
But forget about the sushi.....Their kitchen dishes are delicious......
Again, I love pad thai and their pad thai qualified for my taste....better than the original thai restaurant in philly.....
Do not miss their Salted Pepper Squid and Indian Mee Goreng.....
It's a great place to hang out with friends at night.....I've been going to this place for 4 years now, was dissapointed once because that day the squid was extremely salty.....
Overall, best food and great service....a great place to hang out with friends....When i came in today, there was a short guy in his 50's at the front asked me how many persons im with, I said "just me, one". Then he was like, "Oh we dont have that". Its either he didnt understand me correctly or hes an idiot just having a bad day at work. So, I said i came in to have a seat and eat as i have been coming to this place since 2006. but if you dont want my business, then i'll just walk out. I called the place and asks for a manager and they said they dont have a manager at that time. LOL
PENANG is just a few steps away from this place. Do yourself a favor and just go there. They basically serve the same menu.
I didnt insist to be there and have my meal served to me. Its not like they have Gordon Ramsay At their Kitchen. Just Go somewhere else.I used to eat here regularly and become nostalgic and decided to return. Slightly disappointed. The service and food has depreciated and you just feel rushed the whole time, but that's Chinatown for you. I get the satay, pineapple fried rice, shrimp pad thai, and various sushi when it's available. I may still come back, but I don't think I'd be headed there due to any cravings any time soon.My roommate and I got food poisoning here. We left to go to a show at the Troc and could barely stand and threw up every ten minutes. When her boyfriend called to give the place a heads up (in case others were effected), it seemed like they didn't care and rushed off the phone. Will not be returning.Located in Center City, Banana Leaf boasts a wide variety of Malaysian food. I, for one, have made well over 8 trips to this restaurant, and the food has been consistently great! The service is extremely prompt! I don't go more then half way through my water without the waiter/waitress refilling my glass for me. I highly recommend trying the sliced chicken curry noodle soup for anybody who is desiring a moderate spicy kick in their food. They always wished me and whoever else was with me a goodbye, and always were quick when entering to be seated. In fact, I can't remember at all waiting to be seated for more then a second when entering the building. This is definitely a place to try out!I'm amazed that I haven't reviewed this place yet. Banana Leaf is one of my favorite places to head to with friends, with family, with pretty much... anyone when I'm in the area.
The place is quite large once you go inside, there's a nice upper-step seating area which is better suited for groups, and the food is pretty darn good. My personal favorites are the roti canai and the veggie pad thai (with egg, of course).
Drinks (non-alcoholic only) are nice and exotic here, but my personal picks are the lychee, rambutan, and longan drinks. Some of them can be a bit of an acquired taste, but then again, it's always fun to try new things!
The roti canai comes with some delicious flaky rotis and a very well spiced but good curry on the side. I typically get the veggie, which is pretty much potatoes, but the broth for the chicken one is the same thing.
Pad Thai is very easy to mess up, but theirs is a well-balanced version of the popular dish, with ample veggies, tofu, and egg to make you content.
Finally, wrap it up with the ABC, which is shaved ice with different flavorings and the like. Very unique, very exotic, and a nice wrap up to a great meal.
The bill doesn't come out to be much either; I've never exceeded 15-20$ a person (including tip).
My only gripes are that a few of the servers seem to be in perpetually nasty moods (trust me, I say this after having experienced poor service several times from each). I understand that everyone has a bad day every now and then, but when it happens with such regularity, that's not right. Also, they seem to be in a rush to clear tables, so they can tend to hover at times. And lastly, the sweet dish that they serve at the end, which I assume to be Red Bean soup, really isn't much to my liking, but all the power to those who dig it!I love the food at this place. My favorite item is the Curried Chicken. I get that to-go very often.
This place is open really late (I think past 1 AM) and priced pretty well. Most of the menu is under $10.We decided to go here on a sunday night with my wife, 2 children and my dad. 
I think compared to the prices that they charged, the food portions were too small.  
Example:  Deep Fried fish  in sweet and sour sauce.  at the time of ordering we were told this is a whole fish.  market price 26.95.  
the dish came out in with the fish pieces pre cut and breaded, in a sauce.  We felt cheated that they didn't show us the whole fish. Either it was too small. Maybe in total 10 to 12 pieces of fish.    
Kind of a rip off.  
Example 2
Jumbo Prawns in Coconuts. 
Jumbo prawns?  I was expecting the whole shrimp to look like a small lobster.  At best 16-14 shrimp per LB.  We were fishing around for the shrimp, that were definitely not jumbo, and definitely no prawns. 
So, either do a better job of making the menu realistic, or change the prices.  
Lots of waiters and staff, and that seemed fine. 
Overall not worth the 80 dollars we spent for 4 people.  
Probably will only go back with my wife for lunch specials for the pad thai or something that is an easy dish and i wont be fooled by the menu.They have the best tofu dish ever - the Banana Leaf tofu! It comes with egg whites on top and the tofu is so tender that it could almost melt in your mouth. Other dishes are similar to those at Penang. It's great for groups, easy to get a seat, and very affordable.Went here for the 1st time a few weeks back. The soup I had was awesome! Reminded me of Vietnamese pho a little bit. Friends tried some mango shrimp and pad Thai, also really tasty. Can't wait to go backI stopped in during one of the warmest days of Spring and found that not many people were dining in, which meant that service would be quick.
A waiter seated me to a nearby table and served a glass of water. I ordered the Beef Rendang (Curry Beef) with rice and was surprised at how quickly I was served - perhaps 5 minutes had passed before my lunch was on the table in front of me. 
It was excellent - very tasty and a good sized serving. The beef was very moist and warm, though not as spicy as I hoped. I left sated and I'd definitely return again for a quick weekday lunch and try something different.This place has the best skewers in town. The pieces of meat are so much plumper than their competitors. 
I recommend the roti canai and the pineapple fried rice. The pineapple fried rice literally comes out in a hollowed out pineapple! Talk about presentation!
Everything else here is run of the mill. Beef rendang is dry. It is as if they just take pieces of beef and then pour the sauce over it. Very unsatisfying. 
Service is on top of it. Always quick to refill my water. 
Five stars for the skewers!!!Where do you take a friend who's given up bread for lent? Malaysian it is!
Said friend had also always hated tofu, but I insisted she'd just never had it done correctly. We got the satay tofu app and she was quickly converted to a tofu lover. She also got a huge bowl of soup, I'm talking infant-sized bowl of soup, and we both got noodle dishes (because apparently noodles didn't count as bread in this scenario ;) We both enjoyed everything. I'm not totally sold yet, but it's definitely worth a trip back.My husband and I literally go to Banana Leaf on a weekly basis. We're always greeted by a friendly staff and wonderful dishes. If we ever order something that we are not satisfied with, the staff makes no fuss and replaces our dish. It's a must visit for all venturing to Chinatown. I wanted to make sure and write a plug for them because even though we're moving away, we hope they'll be around on our visits!Another place in Chinatown with a cult following...with good reason.
They're open til 1am!!! Great take-out after a bar shift or on your way home from the bar (or too the bar, for you party animals). 
I've had quite a few things here. But my go-to is the roti canai to start (cheap and soooo good I could bathe in it), and their pad thai. The curry is also very good, and so are most of the other noodle dishes. Great portions and very authentic Malaysian food! Every so often they have sushi too, which is decent but not my first thought when I think of this place. Banana Leaf is fairly cheap and offers great, consistent food, and a (almost overly) attentive staff. 
You usually get an orange or a sweet lentil soup after dinner, which is nice. 
What sets this place apart for me is their decor. I feel like I'm eating in a jungle, which is always fun. 
Love this place, have been coming for years and will probably keep going til the day I die.BYOB in the heart of Chinatown right next to the Trocadero.
Our table split three apps- Satay Chicken, the Poh Piah, and the Roti Canai.  The Roti Canai was not what I was expecting- it came to us as just a pancake with a dipping sauce.  Based on the menu description, I thought that it was going to be something more substantial with chicken?  I wasn't really sure what was going on and felt like an explanation from the staff wasn't really going to help.  The Satay Chicken and Poh Piah were both decent and good for a light dish.
I had the Thai Basil Noodle as my entree.  This is really a go-to order for me.  It was not the best I've had in the city.  Tamarind remains my favorite for this dish.  However, it was still good.  Spicy, but in a slow burn kind of way.  
At the end of the meal, they brought out complimentary Pulut hitam, a Malaysian dessert (black glutinous rice porridge).  It was kind of like a rice pudding.  If I hadn't been drinking wine throughout the meal, I probably would have eaten the whole thing, but knowing that I had a full night ahead of me, I only tried a taste.  Like rice pudding, it was sweet and warm, but a muddy color (kind of off-putting) with bigger, softer rice.  You can see a picture of it on here (thanks to a fellow Yelper that posted).Apparently some people have had problems with service here but I've never had any problem, and my water glass has never been allowed to become empty (perhaps my most important test of waiter attentiveness).  Even when they're busy my order has been taken quickly and the entrees come out before we can finish appetizers.
Speaking of appetizers, the crispy fried squid is phenomenal.  I see they also have fried squid as an entree, though that could be a bit different.  The only thing I ever tried that I that was just average was my dining partner's pad thai, but how often does pad thai blow you out of the water?  The sauces are all tasty and pretty unique.  In particular I recommend a certain chicken curry dish (sorry, can't remember the name) and the volcano pork chop.
Prices are reasonable also, which is a plus.Only come here if you're looking for a BYOB that won't card you and all your underage friends. The average age in here on a Friday night is 19. Every table is covered in liquor bottles, jugs of wine, and even mini kegs. It can be fun but not if you're looking to enjoy a dinner. The food was really cheap and tasted okay but it took an hour and a half to be prepared.The food here is Malaysian food. To me some of the dishes here taste similar to the Cambodian dishes my mom makes at home. If you're Cambodian and your mom cooks decent Cambodian dishes, don't waste your time here. But if you're not then you should go and experience the taste of "Malaysian food." To be honest, I don't think this is the real Malaysian food either because when I had layover in Malaysia 6 years ago, I ate real legit Malaysian food! Those tasted so good!I don't have much experience with Malaysian food, but I found the food here to be good, but not great. The service was not so great.
We came in on a Friday night around 8:45.  We were seated quite quickly. The various waiters kept stopping by pretty much every minute expecting us to be ready to order-- we kept having to tell them we needed more time.  It really felt like they were trying to rush us out throughout the meal.  Also, when we were paying one of the waitresses knocked over a glass of water on to me (and partly on my friend) and rather than getting me napkins or a towel to wipe up, she was like, oh go dry yourself under the hand dryer in the bathroom (not so useful for drying jeans).
I tried the Roti Canai (vegetarian), Mango Tofu, and Thai Basil Noodles.  The Roti Canai was good, though I wished the bread had been cooked a bit more-- it was juuuust undercooked in spots.  Mango Tofu was quite nice, with underripe mango providing a nice tangy contrast to the sweet sauce it was in.  The Tofu was cooked well but could have been more flavorful.  The Thai Basil Noodles were only OK- this was the waitress's recommendation for the best vegetarian noodle dish, she said it would be spicy.  I found it rather bland, unfortunately-- I was expecting something like Drunken Noodles, which is basically what it was, but just less good than your average Drunken Noodles.  One of my friends had a noodle dish with chicken at the waitress's recommendation (don't remember the name), which came out looking basically like Pad Thai with thinner rice noodles.  She said it was good.
It's BYO, so don't forget to bring drinks with you, as we did!  The nearby liquor store closes at 9 PM.I would go back to Philly just to eat here! Great food, fast, BYO, friendly staff and on top of that great prices! Six stars!!!I would suggest forgoing an appetizer, even if you're very hungry. The chicken satay was a letdown: although the flavor was good, the chicken was fatty and a little rubbery.  
For curry dishes, you choose your protein, and then you have two options: 1) large curry,  pay extra for a side of plain or coconut rice, or 2) a smaller portion with rice included in the price. Both of our mains: Rendang curry and the house curry, were just piles of meat, with no veg to speak of. The rendang curry  ($8 for large curry+ $1.25 for coconut rice) with beef was my favorite, but my S.O. enjoyed the strongly onion-y house curry with chicken ($8 for curry including rice). Coconut rice was just faintly flavored without the creaminess I had expected, but then again, its only 25 cents more than white rice, so you get what you pay for.The food is pretty good.  The service was not so much.  I feel like they didn't want me to be there?  Yes that is a question.  They just stared a bunch without coming by to check.  Would I go back?  If invited by someone, yes.  Would I take out?  For sure.Came here by recommendation of my sister who had recently returned from Singapore in an attempt to be able to share in some of her dining experiences over there.
Tried the Rambutan juice which was sweet with a subtle creaminess to it. I like how they removed the seeds as well.
There are a number of dishes on the menu that are *almost* vegetarian. I'm usually wary of asking places to leave various ingredients out as to whether or not it'll mess up the actual flavor of the dish, or it would be a huge ordeal. That Banana Leaf includes dishes with seafood in it under the Vegetables section of the menu should give a hint that the definition of vegetarian might not match your own. For instance, the bean curd and egg whites has shrimp in it. I'm glad I found that out by asking before ordering.
I instead ordered a Spicy Mango Tofu dish with coconut rice. The rice was great, but the tofu dish itself was only ok. The mango was not ripe, and the tofu a little on the tough side, which is common for a lot of Asian restaurants using packaged fried tofu. The sweetness of the sauce was overpowering, with nothing accompanying it to balance it out. The dish seemed to rely heavily on the sauce. It wasn't bad, but it didn't make me want to clean the plate, which I usually do.
Out of all the dishes at the table, the Mee Goreng soup noodles was said to be great. It has shrimp in it or something, so I took their word for it. Banana Leaf is also BYOB and can recommend carry out places nearby. The redbean complimentary dessert is simple and a nice end to the meal. I think this place might be incredible for non-vegetarians.
The staff/service here is great, although you need to just flag people down, with the exception of the owner (i think) who dropped by our table to see how things were, as well as helping us at the door.
I think this place is probably a 4 or 5 star. I would take visiting friends here for sure, especially to give it a second shot for what I feel was probably an anomaly.This place is great!  My classmates come here all the time but it took me over a year to finally heed their words and try it myself.  It's not the cheapest place in Chinatown but there are tons of dishes and everything is flavorful.  The thai basil noodle dish is yummy and my friends love the Hainanese Chicken but I wouldn't order it myself.  The Green Curry In Clay Pot was very big with lots of ingredients.  I love the mee siam noodles and will come back just to have that again.  We tried one of the pancakes with potato dipping sauce and weren't huge fans but others at the table loved it.  The restaurant is enormous so definitely don't be afraid to come in a big group.Just reading the reviews online made me drool! The restaurant itself might be a student hangout etc. but for me sat in my hotel room ordering for delivery all I cared about was which couple of dishes would be the best. Knowing that this is a BYOB restaurant only makes it better!
I called and ordered the Hainan chicken $6.50 and the beef curry noodles $7.50. After learning I was Chinese the lady explained these were the Cantonese style beef brisket in curry sauce with noodles. Everything was perfect and delivered hot within 40 mins. I think there was a $1 delivery charge.
Definitely try this if you need room service food. You won't be disappointed!Brought a friend here last year with m fiancé for our engagement party, and it was pretty good. Nothing really stuck out as very impressive.Here, the food steals the show. I love the Roti Canai and all of the Malaysian dishes! However, the service can be a little pushy. They want to in and out in a flash!Banana Leaf is my go-to place for Malaysian food in Philly. The menu is an almost word-for-word replication of Penang (the super-hyped-up chain Malaysian restaurant), but, in my opinion, offers a better execution of the food. 
There is never a wait for a table because the restaurant is large, the service is prompt, and the prices are standard (for Malaysian food). 
For an appetizer, start with the Roti Canai. This is roti, an Indian flat bread, and a mild chicken curry. 
I usually get the Spicy Thai Chicken, which is steamed chicken with some sort of a brown, pureed sauce. This is delicious! 
For dessert, I highly recommend the ABC (which is actually listed under the drinks menu). ABC is perfect for summer - shaved ice with red beans, corn, and other surprises. 
Verdict: A decent restaurant which triumphs over its competitor, Penang. There are hits and misses on the menu though - find a dish that you really like!Coming from NYC, it was kinda a disappointing experience. I did love the Mango Salad. It was not too spicy. The Salted Cabbage and Bean Curd soup did not taste fresh. There were not that much Cabbage in the soup.  The Malaysian vegetables were drench in a not so yummy sauce.great food and so cheap! i'd say their food is comparable to penang, which is just a block away. Their nasi lemak is decent. pad thai is surprisingly good. their mee siam isn't as "flavorful" as penang's but still great. My favorite would be the indian noodles. Great place for big groups or times when you're craving rich flavored food with decent price.Really tasty, fresh, interesting food, the best place I've eaten in downtown Philly. The must-have dish is Nasilemak, which is chicken in a delicious sauce with coconut rice and hard-boiled eggs.I went here for lunch the other day. Was sort of craving sushi, but found out they only serve sushi for dinner. No problem though...I was more than satisfied with the spicy mango tofu I ordered instead! It was DELICIOUS. My girlfriend ordered the Thai basil noodle dish which was equally yummy. 
The food came out SUPER fast. Like, almost immediately after we ordered, which was also a plus. The only downside was that the restaurant itself was pretty noisy and lunch was accompanied by the sound of multiple crying children. Guess we'll just have to go back after the lunch rush next time!Got delivery through Grubhub and it arrived right on time and hot. The beef rendang was delicious and so was the chicken roti. The pad Thai was good, but more of a sweet dish than the typical savory, peanuty pad Thai. 
Will definitely be ordering from here again.I went to Banana Leaf expecting some exotic flavors and ambience. I got neither. The Roti Telur was flavorful but they put a chunk of mystery chicken on the bone in the sauce with the skin still on it. My friend loved it, but that grossed me out.  My issue not theirs. 
My dining companion wanted to try the fried intestines- ew. Server tried to talk her out of it, but we persisted. She said it wasn't very flavorful and just ok.
I wanted to order a green curry but the server told me I wouldn't like it so I ordered Singapore Noodles - I've always liked that. My companion ordered a beef dish.
My noodles did not have enough flavor and they were too oily. The shrimp were not deveined. Actually the worse Singapore Noodles I've ever had. My friend said her beef tasted like someone opened a can of Dinty Moore and plopped it on her plate. We didn't finish our meal. 
What a disappointment. The servers were all over us, even had some stand there and stare at us and the table next to us - which was off putting. 
We won't be back.Pretty standard Malaysian/Thai food but there was seriously some restaurant direction Asian confusion, with the Chinese food, Malaysian food, Thai food, and then there was sushi as well. 
Got the Thai basil noodles - slightly on the greasy side, and was a bit spicy but turns out I liked the spicyness. 
Visit #2: Got the Singaporean noodles. So flavorful, and the egg in it made it all come together. Delicious!!
Really loud, good for BYOs (this was my first BYO) but not good if you're trying to have a conversation.Food was good and reasonably priced, and it's nice that it's BYOB. Service is quick. On Fridays and Saturdays, they require that customers order $15 minimum per person, so keep that in mind. I don't normally get dessert, but I got it this time because I didn't want to spend $15 for just a curry chicken and rice dish. This was in the restaurant, not delivery.First time here and it was great! Compared to Panyang (my fav) their prices are a little lower? And the quality is not bad.Beef chow fun was alright.sometimes too peppery other times not enough. But had worst wonton soup ever.wontons were mushy.I'm totally ordering from Banana Leaf again--it's super decently priced, delivers in Center City, and reasonably consistent in food quality. 
I ordered the Thai Basil noodle, which I'm not sure was a good idea. I actually came to Yelp to see what to avoid, and what was the most popular dish. It wasn't as spicy as it was hyped up to be (but I have really high tolerance for spicy foods), but this might be one of those dishes that doesn't travel well. My boyfriend got some sort of chicken curry, which was pretty tasty. This was paired with a coconut rice--highly recommend that if you're carb-hungry. As an appetizer, we split the buffalo wings, which were unremarkable, but not a total fail. 
Again, cheap, easy, and they deliver! New go-to for asian delivery, woohoo!Forgot to mention that this place will accomodate any large party and on weekends it can get pretty rowdy with all the birthday parties!
Ordered delivery for the first time. Mee Siam and thai basil noodle were perfect but the green curry was half spilt everywhere--the bag was delivered to be sopping wet and covered in curry (and it took about 15 min longer than they said it would on a sun night). Not sure what happened there but when I called to complain, the lady who had taken my order said she'd remember and give me a free green curry next time, which they did a week later when I also ordered a thai basil noodle that is always delicious!  I think this place could be a notch cheaper though for what it is.Don't know if I ordered the wrong thing or what; but I was extremely unimpressed. It was some type of shrimp& rice dish. It was nothing compared to the menu description. It pretty much was a typical fried rice you would fine at any basic Chinese joint.Considering the price they charged and what they served I felt extremely ripped off.Don't think I would return cause of that bad experience. Malaysian iced tea was very good but not worth a repeat visit simply based on principle of false advertising.
.Hands down - the place to go when you have no clue what to eat but you know you're hungry. Service is always on point, food is always cooked good (I always wonder who the lead chef is because he makes it happen everytime), and management is very friendly. The manager is very involved in this restaurant and makes his rounds greeting and seating his customers. I recommend any of the dishes on the noodles menu (great as individual plates). Pearl Noodles, Seafood Crispy Noodle, and Thai Basil Noodles are my favorites. The Beef Curry Noodle Soup is very good also as well as the Curry Chicken rice dish. I always get the Roti Canai for an appetizer and the Malaysian Iced Tea. On weekends, it can get pretty packed for dinner especially after 9pm and there could be thirty people waiting to get seats. 
They just started delivering take-out (only 3 miles radius). Prices also recently went up like 75 cents on average but still isn't bad. This is probably the best Asian restaurant in the whole of Chinatown and Center City area in terms of authenticity, quality of food, time you get your food (they are quick!), and service. And props to the water boy who always fills up my glass like every 5 minutes everytime I'm there. 
The food and service is so good that people of all nationalities come here in droves. And that's a nice sight.I had the best Asam Laksa here; spicy enough for my taste. Nasi Lemak and Masak Chicken are tasty too. Friendly and prompt service, even though there is only one server when we stepped inside for lunch on Wed.The servers at Banana Leaf are short-bordering-on-rude, but I think it's just because they mean business. Service itself is great: food comes promptly, water is refilled, check comes quickly. I don't feel rushed through any of it. If something is worth mentioning about a dish, they'll mention it. I was told once flat out not to order something because there was a similar dish that was better. I ordered the ginger duck another time and was informed that the duck included skin and bones. Yes, they're doing themselves a favor by letting people know these things, but it helps me too.
Despite a small exterior that doesn't seem like much except for a huge sign, the restaurant is spacious inside. It's a good place for large parties looking for a reservation, and to sweeten the deal it's a BYOB. Plus, the decor is a conversation piece. And it's cheap!
As so many others have mentioned, the roti canai is a delicious app to start the meal. I've had a number of things off of the menu and gravitate towards the noodle dishes which are all good. I have not tried the sushi, nor have I tried the really adventurous-to-me stuff like chicken feet or fish head.
All in all, this is one of my favorite spots in Chinatown, and I will be back again and again.I've brought a couple of large groups here (~30) and also come with just a couple of friends and they do an amazing job getting out food and making sure your needs are met. The food is amazing, with plenty of vegetarian options, and how can I leave without mentioning their roti canai? As a vegetarian, I also love their veggie clay pot, which is easily shared between two people.It  is so good... i love it,,,,Pad Thai is great ^^This place never disappoints! I personally love their sushi and beef chow fun. The service is super fast, efficient, and always very friendly. I loved it so much I held my birthday party there this year and despite the constant change in numbers, they were overly willing to comply. Probably my favorite place in China town!The Indian pancake was awesome! Tasted just like I thought it would. The dish alone was filling enough for me, but I also got the chicken curry with potatoes and it was pretty good too. I wished it was a little spicier and there were less bones in the meat. But, overall the meal was super satisfying!
Ambience: if you go on a Friday night, get used to seeing drunk penn kids causing a scene as the restaurant is BYOB! And on a side note, make a reservation before you go too!Walked in looking for something new. This was my first time trying Malaysian food and I'm sooo glad I did! A mix of Thai, Javanese, Malay, and Indian, the menu is full of delicious choices that I've never had before. We started with the Roti Canai and the Shrimp Puffs. The Roti Canai is a puffy bread that you rip apart and dip into this awesome, savory curry sauce. The shrimp puffs are packed full of shrimp... much more than I would normally expect. I had the Indian Mee Goreng and my gf had the Thai Basil Noodles. My Indian Mee Goreng was amazing! A perfect mix of noodles, shrimp, chicken, and tofu. Tofu was crispy, not soggy and absorbed whatever the spice mix is, topped with ground peanut. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back and try something new.I needed a Thai food fix and this worked. They had some good curry dishes except no red curry. I would go back for sure.Glad I listened to Yelp again. I went here for dinner and thought it was pretty good. The restaurant is actually pretty big so would be good for large parties. We ordered the Mango Chicken that everyone seems to be raving about, the Roti Canai, and Thai Basil Noodles.
The Roti Canai tasted thin, fluffy and crispy. The curry sauce served with it was also good. The Mango Chicken was also pretty good but I'm not sure if it's really worth the price. The entree itself is $15, which consists of slices of mango, bell pepper, and chicken served inside a whole mango peel. It doesn't come with rice so you will also have to order that extra ($1/serving). I thought it tasted pretty fresh and tasty but probably would order again when it's closer to mango season because it could've been sweeter. I wasn't the biggest fan of the Thai Basil Noodles (tastes more like Pad Kee Mao) only because it was really really oily and I hate the feeling of oil on my lips. Flavor-wise, pretty good though. At the end of our meal, they also gave us free red bean soup. Yay!
I'll definitely come back, especially since the other plates they served looked pretty good. The staff is nice and they accept all major credit cards. :)Food is fantastic!  Had dinner before a show at The Trocadero next door, saw the Zagat rating and went in. Ordered lobster sushi roll, pad tai, soups, and chicken curry sauce with a beef and onion bread (not sure what name was)....great flavor, and quick service. We will be back!This place food is okay. However, the service is terrible in which the waitress is very disrespectful. We didn't even finished eating and they already gave us the check. But that's fine, the problem is before we could even put down tips they literally tell us " you guys didn't give us tip". LIKE WHAT???? Are we obligated to give them tips nowadays? We always give decent amount of tip everywhere we go as an appreciation to the service. But this is extremely disrespectful for them literally waiting there to collect their tips. Will never come back here. I suggest people to go to Penang which is right around the corner and give way better service and good food