Our first time here last night and we love it! Sat at the bar with my fiancé and tried a few items on the menu. 
Beef brisket Bao- we actually ordered the pork belly Bao but I think our server misunderstood us. It was something new to our taste. It's all the flavors of pho in a sandwich. Not bad! 
Pork belly banh mi- Delicious! It was the all true authentic flavors of a banh mi. 
Papaya salad with shrimp- the flavors were light with subtle aromatics just enough where I don't feel overwhelmed when eating something too salty. 
Brisket pho- it's ok. The aromatic herbs in the broth may be a bit too strong. 
Cocktails- we had the East meets West, French sazarac, and coffee brandy. Loved all of it. Must get the East meets West.... its a coconut bourbon cocktail in a coconut shell!! 
Although it is a bit pricey than your normal Vietnamese pho/ banh mi restaurant in south Philly, we don't mine. The service/staff were really awesome, we didn't feel rushed, and we enjoyed the whole ambience!!My boyfriend and I heard about this place and decided to try it out one night. When we walked in, we were seated at the bar. Apparently, there was some kind of private event going on and after ten minutes they told us to leave! It was the most awkward and embarrassing experience. The bar didn't seem to be filled and there were tables up front that looked like they were having separate dining so I was so confused. Obviously the management and staff were just as confused to what was going on at their restaurant that night. Everyone just stared at us and we felt like it was our fault we were invited to sit at the bar. Next time, post up a sign or close your doors if you don't want people coming in during your open hours.If I could eat here everyday, I would. 
Amazing pho or foot or fuhhhh or whatever it's called. 
Fuhhhhkn eat here.I recently had lunch at Banh Mi and Bottles with a group of artists after a sketching event near the restaurant. The service was very good for 10 people, with separate checks! The server was knowledgeable and very patient! They have an excellent on-tap beer selection and extensive menu. The atmosphere was engaging and fun! I had vegetarian Pho, which was excellent! I'm looking forward to a return visit!The atmosphere in here is a pleasant surprise. Wonderful food, awesome beer selection. Great idea of authentic food with a modern twist. Cant wait for their happy hour menu to come out. This is a spot I can see myself becoming a regular at. Great addition to the neighborhood. Great staff too! Highly recommended!! 5 stars all around.Great spot. Great beer. Great food. Lee was a awesome bartender/server. We will be back again and again.$9 for this banh mi and this is what I get... I'm very disappointed because their hoagies are never like this the multiple times I've ordered and eaten from there. I picked up food to go and when I first opened up my hoagie and realized how hard the bread was, I couldn't eat it because that's not what I expected at all so I gave them a call and explained to them the situation and they were more than glad to replace the hoagie and just to make sure I didn't have another hard hoagie I specifically asked for it to be lightly toasted and when I got my second hoagie which is in the picture posted. I got the same exact hard hoagie and couldn't enjoy it at all.  On top of that, they've changed the meats for their super sauce deluxe hoagie so it really was disappointing to me.Decided to try this place out based off of reviews online. Was highly disappointed. After being rushed through our order by the waitress, who didn't bother to ask for a drink order, let alone give us time to contemplate one, was never seen again. Our food was brought out by somebody else and she never checked back in. She went to other tables multiple times while we were ignored. Very poor service. Food was ok, only a few slices of brisket on the sandwich though. But either way I will not be back and will tell everyone I know to avoid this place too. Would rather get a nice hearty Steak from Jims for the 11 bucks.I've been frequenting this spot since it opened and it's gotten better and better from the first weeks. After more than a dozen visits this might be my new favorite spot in Philly. 
     First, this is by far the most reasonably priced spot to try new and interesting bottled and canned beers and then take a six pack home of your favorites. The selection is always rotating and is fantastic with over 300 beers. I'm also a huge fan of the cider selection. 
     Second the cocktails are spot on, I mean honestly some of the best I've ever had. The staff really know their stuff when it comes to classics and the drink menu and pairing you up with the right drink. The spirit selection is also really great. Not what you would expect at all. Non of the usual things but a great selection. 
     Third the food hits that perfect middle ground for me between comfortable, affordable (last night I had an app, two drinks, and an entree for 39 dollars!?!), and tasty/quality while being unique. Also the take out is great, and the vegetarian options are as good as the regular dishes. 
        It gets busy but at the same time when its full and jamming it's pretty fun. It is casual but the service is astoundingly good. I've had servers explain to me everything from how to best eat pho, to perfect beers to drink with my food. The vibe is chill and inviting with great music (rotates from Americana to chill pop to more avant guard remixes). 
Over all I find this to be a fantastic addition to the south st corridor.Pretty good bahn mi.  I ordered the tofu bahn mi.  They were willing to add pâté for me which is always a plus.  It was a well balanced sandwich, as a bahn mi should be.  Bread was nice and soft with a noticeable crusting without being hard.  The bahn mi was served with a sort of pho au jus dipping sauce.  This is an interesting concept that I haven't had before, but I don't really think that it is necessary.  The sandwich hold up well on its own.  
The pork bao buns were also very good.  The buns themselves were light and airy, the meat, veggies and sauce all paired well together.  Sometimes these buns have too much sauce for me, but that wasn't the case here.  Very good.  
They have a number of interesting beers available in the cooler.  I was able to find a Great Divide Colette Farmhouse Ale, which is usually not available.  
Staff was pleasant and accommodating.  It is a little inconvenient that you need to wait for a staff member to open the bottles and cans that you get out of the cooler, but I understand the reasoning for this.We liked it here! We came during happy hour and had the bao bun, chicken wings, and papaya salad for $3 each. We also go the half banh mi and pho combo. Overall we liked everything but the bao bun with pork was my favorite.  The chicken was double fried and crispy and the sauce had kind of a vinegary flavor and tasty. The pho tasted like it was a vegetable broth but I am not positive.I've been wanting to try this place for a while, and today I did finally. 
Beer selection was great. Beers were displayed according it's categories, such as IPAs, tripels, saisons, etc.
After picking up the bottle I wanted, I sat at the bar and ordered Pho Brisket Bahn Mi. It was not typical bahn mi style, because it lacked pickled daikons, carrots and jalapinos. But with bean sprouts and cilantro it was nice variation of Vietnamese flavors. The soup (or beef  au jus) was also good. 
It will be a great place to sneak out and have a bottle of beer (or two of them) on your workday. 
I will come back and try other menus. When other menus are as good as today's brisket bahn mi, I will give it a five stars.My favorite new place in the neighborhood. The broth in their Pho is excellent, very flavorful. Tasty papaya salad and summer rolls. Extensive selection of beers. And a hipper vibe than the more traditional Vietnamese places in town.I didn't just drive through  traffic for a entire hour to get a bahn mi porkbelly sandwich and the rolls are stale and hard as a fucking rock.
Will never buy another thing from here. I need to get my money back. I don't feel like driving in traffic another hour to get it. I think this review is enough.  I am so disappointed especially after I got one last week. No wonder the place was empty! I should call but then what will that do hopefully they will read the reviews! STOP SERVING STALE ROLLS what else is old!?Very nice ambiance. A bit dark, but good amount of space to have a nice conversation. The service was hit-or-miss. Food came out really fast, but I think they were maybe still training a server tonight? 
Although a bit pricey, the banh mi is the true shining star. The bread is so amazing, and their pork belly is so on-point. Pho size is a bit small but could hold its own against maybe like a Pho Express sort of quality. Tamarind wings were a bit on the fish saucey side, but the batter was really good; reminded me of a Korean fried chicken. Ribs were solid. 
The prices are ehhhh but overall the food is really great. 
Happy hour consists of $5 street bites and -$1 off the draft list.I am quite the picky restaurant critic, but I got a say, this place has no complaints from my part! It's all praise! It all started with finding a parking spot right outside the restaurant, having a really nice waitress, clean bathrooms, huge selection of beer and cider and then the food...
Let me tell you about the food!!! We started off with the brisket Bao Buns that have been some of  h best bao buns I've ever had in the east coast. Then my boyfriend ordered the Vietnamese coffee and the rice bowl with pork belly. He was delighted. 
But my dish was the absolute best, I had the surf and turf noodle dish. And IT WAS AMAZING! The shrimp were bomba and so was the steak, cooked to perfection. Also the noodles themselves and the veggies and the dressing mixed so well together. Will definitely be coming back!!My boyfriend and I have been saying we would stop by this place because he loves banh mi and enjoys more authentic Vietnamese food and we finally stopped by Sunday; we did not regret it! 
Definitely coming back for more. 
Their pho, banh mi, and east meets West was awesomeVietnamese food now has a city slick makeover. Banh Mi & Bottle is a unique eatery with a compelling menu that combines the flavors of Southeast Asia. I highly recommend the tamarind wings, a combination that never cross my mind, but works.This place a such a gem. Loved the ambience which is very casual and relaxed. Good selection of craft beers. Get their half banh mi and bowl of pho deal for $14. Their mushroom pho is a dream for a pescatarian like me. The tofu brisket banh mi was ok. Service was awesome and friendly.The obama bowl was DELICIOUS! Although it's pricey, the dish has so much volume and has a little bit of everything. Fresh vermicelli as a base, crispy cucumbers and other pickled veggies, amazingly flavorful charred pork, meat balls, and generously sized fried egg rolls. All topped with peanuts and sliced basil and drizzled with cold sauce. You will be so full and so satisfied after eating this.Great drinks and huge beer selection. Servers are friendly and attentive. Octopus, bahn mi and pho are delicious. Some people have commented on the price points but I did not find them excessive. Also great place to grab a 6 pack to go.Atmosphere: 5/5 trendy & hipster
Presentation: 4.5/5
Food & Coffee quality: 3.5
- not traditional Viet if that's what you are looking for
Bang for your buck: 2/5 (bahn mi is $9-11 which is overpriced compared to traditional Viet places)
Service: 4/5: attentive workers but lack organization. 
- 2 minutes after our main waitress returned our credit card for our signature, a different waittress came by to swipe our card again. She already started walking away and we had to call out after her to inform her it was already swiped. 
Pros: 
-Awesome atmosphere that is perfect for a nice date, drinking beer with friends, or hanging out with coworkers for happy hour. 
- Food is very friendly gateway to Viet food for anyone unfamiliar with traditional Viet food (fish sauce I am looking at you)
- they also specialize in beer with 6 fridges full of beer as well as a full bar 
- clean bathrooms ;)
Review: 
** Disclosure: I am an Asian Food snob and lover of traditional Viet food, so this review may be somewhat biased.** 
- Summer roll: 3.5/5 for Happy Hour pricing of $5
(2 rolls cut into 6 pieces) 
Sauce was underwhelming. Rather than the traditional peanut dipping sauce, you get hoisin sauce with peanut topping. 
- Imperial roll (aka Egg roll): 4.5/5 for Happy Hour pricing of $5
(2 rolls cut diagonally into 4 pieces)
Double fried! Meaty goodness! I kinda wish it wasn't cut diagonally, though that it just my personal preference. I can't believe I'm saying this (as I LOVE meaty egg rolls), but it could use a tad bit more veggies- there were only a couple pickled veggies sprinkled in. Cilantro would have been awesome. 
- Brisket Bahn Mi: 3.5/5 for $11
Minus 0.5 because the "au jus" it comes with is actually just pho soup with cilantro. Don't get me wrong, the soup is great pho soup (nice and clean) and I love cilantros, but calling it "au jus" was disappointingly misleading. I wish it was simply called "dipping sauce". 
The Brisket was good and definitely needed dipping sauce as it was a bit dry in parts. There was again a sprinkling of jalapeño and a dab of a spicy mayo-ish sauce to lighten it up, which I personally wish there was a little more of to give this bahn mi more complexity in flavor. Overall a good bahn mi, but not worth the $11. 
- Cold Cuts Bahn Mi: 4.5/5 for $9
Delicious cold cuts on a soft bahn mi bread. My only wish is that there was a good helping of jalapeño and cilantro but it was already pretty good. Fiancé was fighting me over my half of this bahn mi :P  
- Iced Viet Coffee: 3/5 
Small cup of iced coffee came pre-mixed. Tastes like regular American coffee, but I'm used to being given the hot viet style drip coffee that you wait to finish dripping into condensed milk before mixing and pouring into the cup of ice they bring. Not sure if it is due to the pre-mixing or the fine coffee grains they used, but there was a LOT of coffee grains floating on top of the ice. 
TLDR: Awesome trendy place to bring people, especially if you like beer. May not necessarily be the place you take to impress a foodie if they are used to $6 traditional style Bahn mi.Bartender was awesome, food and drinks were outstanding. Great service and a good place to go to meet up with friends or go on a date! Had a blast, thanks guys!My husband and I ordered the Vegetarian Summer Rolls and the chicken Banh Mi sandwich. The summer rolls weren't bad but unfortunately we ended up throwing half of the Banh Mi sandwich away. And my husband is not one to let food go to waste! We even tried masking the taste with the dipping sauces from the summer rolls. The sandwich was on a thin roll and was not only expensive for $9 (and this is coming from a New Yorker!) but it lacked in overall taste. I know Banh Mi sandwiches all differ, but the menu unfortunately doesn't specify what they put in theirs. I was hoping for some pickled veggies, cilantro and flavored mayo, but instead there just was pâté and chicken.Funky little place on south street (no surprises there). Restaurant has lots of rice and noodle bowls and other great choices. Pork belly, tofu, shrimp, lemongrass chicken. We got a pork belly rice bowl and a combo (small pho and a little sandwich), and both of them were much larger than anticipated and delicious. Got the artichoke iced tea, which REALLY tastes like artichokes. I'm not sure if I'd get it again, but I did like it. decent amount of beer on tap. definitely will be back!My friends and I went here last night, excited to try this place for the first time. We had high expectations because of the reviews and the concept of the restaurant.
Me and one friend got the pork belly banh mi, another got the vermicelli and the other got the half pork belly banh mi and small beef pho.
The pork belly banh mi was pretty good. The pork was very soft and was cooked well. We hoped that it would have came with jalapeños for that spicy kick, but instead we were given sriracha, which sufficed.
The vermicelli was good, according to my friend. But she also said it wasn't good enough to come back for more.
The pho was interesting. It didn't taste like any other pho that I've tried but it was flavorful.
The service was ok. It was a busy Friday night so we expected it. The food took longer than expected though. Also, my friends water glass was so dirty. Even though we had straws, she felt gross drinking out of it. I understand weekends can get crazy, but cleanliness shouldn't be forgotten.A very good place to relax from everyday bustle. Often I am stuck after a hard day's work. Very good selection of beer. As always, the service is excellent. I recommend those who want to just relax from the heavy daily routine.Cool concept, bottle shop has a pretty solid selection and if you can't find anything to suit your desires they also have a full bar with draft beers and a fancy cocktail in a coconut (though I am pretty sure it's made with whiskey so I haven't managed to try it yet). The banh mi is pretty good, about $9-$10 and the pho is similar in price. They have a deal where you can get a small pho and half a banh mi for $14 which is a pretty good deal. Only negative - pho is just above average. Definitely a fun spot to go with friends though.Very good Vietnamese restaurant. I got recommended by my friend and she is completely right about this. Both beef & chicken noodles soups are very tasty & no MSG, taste very close to home. Definitely recommend this place. The owner is also very nice.Was that one piece of leaf suppose to justify the price of the chicken wings?
Came here late night, can only order banh mi and appys. Banh mi was $9 and was mediocre at best and added way too much pickled veggies. Wasn't bad though.
Bar scene, food was be better if I was intoxicatedJust finished the last meal I will probably ever eat at Bahn Mi and Bottles.  I want to like this place. The concept is great. Some of the dishes are tasty. But, the execution, time after time, just gets worse and worse. The service was so bad tonight that the manager/owner covered our bill. He felt bad that there was a problem with EVERY item we ordered. Three of the four dishes were good; the vegetable rice bowl was bland and not worth the 70 minute wait. But what made me give this one star instead of three was the bartender. I will never sit at his bar again. He could not bring himself to apologize for any aspect of this nonstop snafu. Instead he decided good customer service was saying things like "if you want *more* pork I can get it for you" (about a disk where the pork was obviously forgotten, not in low quantity); and "we save money on wine by having stemless glassware" (in response to serving a glass of wine at approximately 80 degrees which has nothing to do with stemware); and after he realized he hadn't brought the aforementioned rice bowl, he never again even made eye contact with us. We were patient, polite, and even left him a $20 tip on a $0 bill, but I won't be back. I don't write reviews like this, ever, but I hope that perhaps it might prevent you from having this sort of night. I would do anything to have those two hours (yes, two hours for four snacks) back.What a tasty place. I've been about 3x, the first time being during their soft opening and a few other times since just to have an opportunity to eat the chicken banh mi again.
The soft opening wasn't the best service experience, but that wasn't a glimpse into the future. Service is great and the availability of a bottle shop is always a welcome option in the neighborhood. 
Good value, good food, dark interior but still a very nice option. The Chicken Banh Mi still pops up in my dreams every once in a while.That was probably one of the best pork belly bahn mi sandwiches I've ever had outside of tiny hole in the wall Vietnamese spots. I was craving one all day and was very pleased with stopping in here on my way home. They also have a great beer selection,  for my fellow craft beer lovers in the philly areas.I have been to this place like 15 times now and it's great (so good, that I am writing my first yelp review!!!)I've only been here a few times but had great experiences. The first time i got half beef pho and a half pork belly banh mi. The pho was a pretty significant portion and was on par. Banh mi sandwich was also tasty and prepared well.
My second experience, I was downing some cider at the bar and decided to share some chicken wings with my friend. They're fried and crispy which is always great. We got two sauces. I honestly can't remember what kind, but they were great.Pho is amazing.  Service is quick and great.  So nice.   So happy my girl lives right here bc I will be here twice a week eating and getting fat. HahaThe food at BM&B is definitely more on the putting-new-spins-on-traditional-dishes side. If you're used to super authentic Vietnamese food and expecting the same thing here, you might be in for a surprise. This is not necessarily a bad thing. The menu is more on the creative side. I've been coming here since they first opened more than a year ago and I have to say they definitely improved. Some of the previous reviews touched on the pricing - I think it's fair based on their concept. If Nam Phuong was to charge me these prices, I would have blasted them. This is more like a Vietnamese Nomad's in a sea of Lorenzo's - if you live in Bella Vista, you'll get the comparison. Some of the other reviews touched on the service side - I have to admit things move on the slower side here, especially when the crowd picks up. The food is undoubtedly fresh though. I usually get the BnB Dinner, which is half a banh mi and a small pho, totally fulfilling. They have vegetarian options as well. Definitely give it a try if you're in the neighborhood and looking for something other than a cheesesteak. If you're a Vietnamese foody, try it with an open mind.BEST VERMICELLI!!! The vermicelli' sooooo good! A must try! The beef pho's pretty good too. It's a very interesting mix of bar and Vietnamese restaurant. Should come to visit!Tamarind chicken had too much fish sauce, and Bahn Mi was inauthentic. The waitress was sweet, and the decor was calm and interesting. Nice spot to grab a drink at the bar, and listen to some chill music.The food here is quite tasty, and they have great cocktails.  The prices however are a bit expensive for what you get.Extremely amazing service that explained the menu items to a point and suggestions depending on what you enjoy. The drinks have a tasteful twist to your traditional drinks and if you want a beer from their 8 fridges there's plenty to choose from. PHO is a must order with bountiful amounts of flavor you'll enjoy every bite and sip. A new restaurant that has many years of success.Things this B&B has in common with my other favorite B&B (Bob & Barbaras): they have citywides, they have an eclectic playlist, and it is seriously amazing! Differences: They have really good cocktails, really amazing food, and your feet won't stick to the floor (also no drag queens).
Things this B&B has in common with AirBnB: welcoming atmosphere, hidden gem, cheap price point, you can select whatever beer you want out of a massive fridge (wait, is that not how AirBnB works?), and the staff will more likely than not be a hipster with a manbun. Differences: Service is super attentive, knowledgeable, and awesome, bathrooms are clean, space is open with lots of room for seating, and it's conveniently located on South St.
The concept is Vietnamese street food and I am very into it. Think of this as the Vietnamese version of Southgate, or Royal Sushi and Izakaya. The price point is more than traditional Vietnamese and more than regular street food, but bonus, the staff will acknowledge your existence and you will not be standing on the street trying to balance your wallet, sandwich, and drink. 
BANH MIS (and other things too!)
They have a decent selection of banh mis for $9 each (pork belly, brisket, chicken, super sauce deluxe, and 2 types of tofu - "chicken" and "brisket"), 3 types of pho for $9 or $11 (beef, chicken, and mushroom- VEGETARIANS THIS IS NOT A DRILL), some rice and noodle bowls, and a bunch of snacks. 
Their B&B special is an awesome deal for $14- you get a half banh mi or snack and small (pretty large) bowl of pho. Snacks include wings, squid, papaya salad, rolls, bao buns, and skewers priced between $6-12. 
The pho brisket banh mi is served with pho meat, pickled basil and bean sprouts, and served with a pho jus, like their take on a french dip sandwich, but basically a pho in sandwich form.
The super sauce deluxe comes with traditional Vietnamese cold cuts and pate and was also pretty good, both were expertly toasted on delicious bread and decent sized.
The grilled squid ($9) came with 2 dipping sauces and was snappy without being rubbery.
The tamarind wings ($9) are not to be missed- super crispy (think korean fried chicken wing level) good sized portion, and great flavor.
The pho broth doesn't taste like your typical Washington Ave bowl of pho, and the small bowl  for $9 definitely isn't as big as those you can get on Washington Ave for $6.75, but the noodles, sides, and meat are good and its probably healthier for you. Unless you're a vegetarian looking for that elusive veg pho, I'd recommend skipping the Pho and going with the snacks and banh mis.
BOTTLES (and other things too!)
Massive selection of bottles with a great cider, sour, and IPA selection.
But don't get too distracted by these, because they also have drafts, wine, and really food cocktails (the Long Goodbye with mezcal, cilantro, lime, and mint was delicious $11).
Welcome to Philly B&B! I will definitely BB, bb (be back, baby).Simply, this place is awesome. Go there. Eat there. Sit at Ginevra's bar and hear about all of the incredible things they have to eat and drink. 
B & B is the perfect casual Vietnamese restaurant and bar. Their drinks are top notch and their beers are unrivaled. Also, the price of draft beers are very reasonable for the quality. 
Try the brisket bahn mi, the buns, and both the beef and chicken pho. 
Come from wherever you are in the city.This hipster restaurant is great for lunch. Not only is the name clever, they have a pretty attractive interior, and serves a solid (albeit small) banh mi. Still, it was enough to leave you filled (but not overfilled), without breaking the bank. My only regret is that I didn't get a bottle to accompany my meal. I would come back again if I was in the mood - but I will say that this place comes with fusion restaurant prices, and not your typical food-cart prices.Awesome place to check out if you want to try something new. Good sized beer selection with interesting drink menu. Had a good crowd on a Friday night. The Tamarind wings were delicious! Definitely ,how I imagined it to be.  Overall, a great place with reasonable pricing.Banh mi and craft beer. Sign me up. Thoroughly impressed with the food and atmosphere. Will be back soon.Food was good, but they tried to charge me 23 for a 6 dollar beer and then charged automatic gratuity. Really glad I had checked the bill or would have been cheated significantly.The food is amazing!! Best bao buns I've ever had. The portions are huge and everything is delicious! I had the half banh mi half pho and was amazed by how big a half was!!! Can't wait to come back.I've been here several times since they opened., and BnB has never disappointed. First, the food is great with plenty of veg. options, at a reasonable price point. I think the pho here tastes more like the pho I've had in Saigon (thicker flat noodles, black pepper on top) vs. the Washington ave./ Chinatown spots. All of the banh mis I have tried have been great. They have a full bar and an awesome citywide that includes a rotating tap selection, paired with some kind of herby homemade shot (no idea what it is, but I love the stuff). The decor/ atmosphere really works as well. 
I don't care too much for the bottle shop portion. I think I would still prefer nearby Foodery for that, but its a nice addition nonetheless.Great place to get Banh Mi. A little on the expensive side, but the flavor is definitely a step above other places, so it's worth it. Also a great place just to pop in for quick food in a relaxed setting. Their glazed rib appetizer is also amazing, they are so addictive, can't stop thinking about them. And their bottle beer selection is great too. Have introduced several people to this place and they have all loved it.We came to Banh Mi and Bottles for Mother's Day. The food was very flavorful and great portions- Pho was amazing! Unfortunately although our waiter was kind the service was still very slow. We had to wait 10 minutes just to ask for sauce. And to top things off we never got one of the meals that was ordered and we had to return 4 of our drinks. I would like to come back again for the food but wish it was better experience.Really neat spot. They have a good selection of grab and go beers.I was looking for Vault Brewing Co. which basically no one carries, so they didn't have that, but they do have beers in cans that I only ever see in bottles anywhere else, such as Troegs Troegenator pounders and 12oz cans of 2SP Bellcracker.
The dude who works at the front who checks you out (or I guess seats you if you get food?) was really nice and helpful. There were no prices on the bottles, but two 12oz cans turned out to be $6 and some change. That's normal. I'm glad it didn't turn out to be more (like some other overpriced grab and go beer stores I've been to). 
I'll come back to try the food next time.I generally am not the type to set out and write a review about a restaurant at all given my husband has worked in the industry and I have a lot of patience. Though the experience I had at BM&B was incredibly disappointing. I have been super stoked about this place since I heard of its opening and decided to give it a shot. After being seated promptly, everything after that took awfully long. Our appetizers weren't too bad, but awaiting for our bahn mis was close to an hour wait. It's something I would not have minded, though there was no communication between us and the servers. We were constantly overlooked or brushed off. Waiting to get our check took another half hour after being ignored over and over my servers who were right next to us. 
The food itself was subpar. The brisket bao buns were a great highlight, though. The bahn mi I could have done without. No rich flavors or textures you get with a great bahn mi. We skipped on drinks, given the menu is already pricey for what you are given. 
The most disappointing was the lack of communication and service in general. I may come back. I know friends who have had great times here. May have been an off night. I'd stick to the appetizers and drinks.This was a good spot for a quick bite and drink. Surprisingly awesome tequila selection. Unfortunately, our food was never rung in and we waited for quit sometime before we received it (and we only received half of our order). The service staff was friendly and knowledgeable, but based on the experience I think this was a one time try.I'm so happy this place is in the neighborhood! Delicious food, awesome service, and a really excellent cocktail list. 
I went to Banh Mi and Bottles for my birthday and could not have been happier. The wait was a little long, seeing as we walked in at 7:30 as a group of six. But we got a drink at Brauhaus next door while we waited the 45 minutes, and it was very worth it. We all ordered cocktails, and I got to try two of them - the Pimm's cup and the G&T. Both were delicious, and the G&T in particular was a standout, very herbal and different. The quality and creativity of cocktails you get here rivals some of the swankier speakeasy-type places in Philly, but the prices are so reasonable! They are also a bottle shop, and have a huge selection of international and more off-beat beers. 
On to the food: I got the Pho Brisket Banh mi and it was incredible. They give you a little bowl of Pho broth to dip your Banh mi in - such a great idea, and the broth was delicious on its own too. The meat was tender and flavorful, and nothing was dry. A few people at my table got the Pho and were very happy, plus they serve the Pho with a variety of DIY fixings like lime, bean sprouts, et cetera. 
Finally, the service - my friend must have slipped it to the waiter that it was my birthday, and they brought out not one but two surprises, including a round of birthday shots with a little candle on mine! The food came out so fast, too. 
So, long story short, go here. It's tasty, it's so reasonably priced, and the overall vibe is just wonderful. Love B&B!Stopped in for lunch on South St.  Very casual and nice ambience (regular tables, a couple of picnic style tables and expansive bar). Service was great and staff was informative. Beer selection (draft and bottles) was quite extensive. The food was great.  Loved the Obama Vermicelli Bowl (rice noodles, pickled veggies, lettuce, herbs, grilled pork, imperial roll).  Wow! It was very flavorful.  My wife had the pork belly Banh Mi sandwich and she loved it as well. Excellent Vietnamese establishment and very reasonable prices as well.  Will definitely take friends and family there.My wife and I have had dinner here a few times, and each meal was awesome. We've had bahn mi's, pho and great wings. I love their beer selection too. Highly recommend.Nice chill vibes. Great customer service. Food was PHOnomenal ....even the vegan food was good!Drinks were pretty amazing too. Looking forward to coming back.Everything about this place is amazing! Servers are great and so is the food and choices.As a wing conoisseur i am very skeptical of non traditional wings, but the Tamarind wings are probably the best I've ever had in Philly.  Very sad this place opened up right as we were leaving the neighborhood.  Very fun atmosphere - imagine the Vietnamese version of  The Foodery.
Would absolutely go againThis place is pretty cool.  If you want bahn me, pho, and a bunch of other vietnamese street food with some kick ass specialty cocktails, then this is your place.  The vibe is comfortable and relaxed.  They have a very large bar with a couple of tv's so you can slurp your pho and watch games..score.  They have a few beers on tap as well as an area where you can buy your own bottled beer and then drink it with your meal.  We had the steak bahn mi and the pho.  I thought the bahn mi needed a little more punch and a little more meat on the bun.  The last 2 inches of the roll were naked.  The pho was good but could also be bumped up..I like to feel like I'm getting a nice warm hug when I'm eating it and this pho make me feel like I was getting a side hug.  I still give it 5 stars as the cocktails were great, beer selection was great and we all around liked the relaxed vibe.Brilliant food and amazing beer selection! So many brews to choose from. Banh mi were perfectly textured, bread was crispy and chewy. Got the salty seafood snack which had super delicious scallops. Very reasonably priced, would definitely come back.Cool ambience, love the self serve beer fridges...had the Bahn Mi and Pho combo...really good...I recommend!This place is nice, has an Asian American theme, Food was great, amazing customer service. Always smiling while greating is and serving as well. Very on point with the water refil and check ups. Much appreciated!! Will be back soon!!The pho brisket sandwich was sooooooooooo good. It took a while to come out but it was pretty crowded on a Friday night. It is all i have been thinking about since I had it. God darn. The best thing to happen to South St in a decade.Now this, ladies and gentleman, is my kind of place. A hip, chill bar with a great atmosphere. Cold Beers. Great Pho. Tasty Sandwiches. What more could you ask for? It's not the best beer bar, nor is it the best Pho/Banh Mi restaurant, but it is a solid four-star place [See my edited review below]. Once the weather cools down a bit, I'm sure I'll add this to my weekly routine to fill my cold belly with some warm Pho.
My only complaint is the staff, which actually isn't a huge deal. They seem out of it sometimes, and occasionally mess up the order - both food and drinks. However, the right items come out not too long after.
EDIT: This place went from a solid four-star restaurant to a three-star restaurant. Why? My biggest pet peeve is when people [Represenatives of a Business] shortchange the customer. The bill is $32.18; instead of receiving $7.82 in change ($40 Paid), I received $7. Where is my $0.82? Not trying to be cheap, but it's my money, not yours. It's stealing. *Numbers were an example, not a true figure as I can't remember.They do have vegetarian choices! We had the papaya salad, portobello mushroom pho, and the tofu bahn mi. All were very good. Great selection of bottled beers too!I was very content with my full meal! A bit pricey but I would definitely come back. 
"Pork belly Bao" definitely one of my favorite. Savory and sweet!
 bun"Beef Pho" was excellent! Lots of beef, the soup and veggies were also perfect! 
"Beef brisket banh Mi" was also great! Not exactly the traditional banh mi sandwich but was still good! 
"The East Meets west" cocktail wasn't bad, very cool aesthetic presentation in a young freshly hacked coconutGreat Banh Mi sandwiches, with light crunchy fresh bread. My favorite is the pork belly. The pork belly bao buns are also very good. 
But the TAMARIND WINGS are really KILLER! Amazingly delicous!! Might be the best wings in Philly!! So good!!!Such a cool place! I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that you can go pick out your own beer to have with your meal. Food and service was delicious. We had pork belly buns , tamarind wings primo , and the brisket bahn mi extra primo .  Service was attentive and friendly too. We'll be back for sure.THEY RAN OUT OF FOOD! 
This is a good sign. I am super anxious to try food here soon... the menu looks amazing. The drink list is awesome, the wall of beers is incredible, and the staff is super nice. 
I am very excited to have this great addition in the neighborhood. I love Pho Ha, live a block away from it, so I know this food will be delicious. 
Since there was no food, we had a liquid dinner. The beer list is interesting, and the drinks are even more interesting. The cool thing was realizing that we didn't recognize most of the bottles behind the bar. 
Be back soon!I have bought great beer at this cute place, but didn't think to come back and eat here. I had lunch there two days ago and was blown away! Admittedly, I am no expert on pho, but damn! This was outstanding soup. My friend got a vermicelli bowl and was equally wowed. The very friendly owners and their adorable baby were circulating and chatting with customers. Service was attentive, the place was spotless and clean, decor was well put together and a nice respite from south street madness. Just a really pleasant experience from start to finish. I predict I'll be in there at least once a week!Overpriced Vietnamese food with small portions. Very hipsters restaurant and the food is alright. Took awhile for food to come out to be considered street food.Awesome spot nestled in the busyness of South Street. Great food, great atmosphere, great beer selection. I recommend the papaya salad with shrimp, brisket Banh mi, and taking a seat at the bar to drift into the sublime style atmosphere. Will definitely be back!We stopped in for lunch on a whim and were pleasantly surprised. We both agreed that the spring roll pork & shrimp appetizer were the best we've ever had. And we've certainly had our fair share! The pho was also equally delicious and full of flavor. We paired lunch up with a delicious craft beer and both said we're coming back again.I got the Pho + banhi mi special and ordered the tamarind tofu banhi mi with the Vegetarian pho. I loved loved the pho. The veggie broth was flavorful and delicious! The banh mi was eh..I really like QT Vietnamese in  Chinatown. The tamarind was kind of sweet and it's not the flavor profile i typically like. I'd love for them to have a spicy tofu banh mi. 
Service was friendly. Other guests were loud. But I definitely hope to come back!Stopped in on our way to Cape May as it was recommended by our concierge at the Loews Hotel.  Mushroom pho was delicious as was the imperial roll.  Bartender served me an old fashioned w/ a cold brew mix.  It was great.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Easy to miss tho because the name outside is very small.  Instead there is a large B and B outside the door.  I highly recommend!The food here is phenomenal! I love the pho and banh mi combo, small bowl with half a sandwich. I was shocked that it was as delicious as other Vietnamese restaurants I frequent. Then I found out the owners are actually Vietnamese. No wonder the food is so spot on. I also recommend the crosscut ribs. The cocktails are great too! They have a decent bar program, not to mention the bottled beer selection. 
My only criticism would be the bartenders aren't very friendly. They aren't rude either, but it's clear when their friends come in and all of the sudden they're super talkative and glued to that particular customer, while my glass remains empty. My partner and I have come in several times and are never warmly greeted. I can get that type of service at the Viet spots on Washington and pay less of a premium. That being said, it's not a dealbreaker. Just an observation. Obviously I have and will continue to return for that delicious food!Ehh... food is good and atmosphere is nice but it's hipster heaven and definitely pricey for what it is. Also service is appallingly slow. Been there twice and it was good enough but prob wouldn't go back.We love this restaurant- started by young couple that are very welcoming. They have half a dozen good draft selections and a fridge full of other good beer. 
The food is fresh, healthy and presented in s more modern way than traditional Vietnamese restaurants. Papaya Salad was colorful, crunchy and full of great flavor. We also had vegetarian summer rolls.My husband and I have been here twice and have had a great experience every time. Both times we sat at the bar. The bartender is great, fun to chat with, but not too "in your face" if you're just chatting with your partner. The drinks are really fun and super tasty. The food, however, is my favorite. I love traditional Vietnamese food, of course, but the twist this place puts on it is amazing! This last time I got the beef pho and it was some of the best pho I've ever had. The broth flavor is truly out of this world! I love the laid back atmosphere of this place, service is great, and we will definitely return many times in the future!Excellent food. Fairly priced. Top notch beers and amazing service. Can't wait to come back here.The staff here is really great but I was kind of disappointed in the food. I ordered the chicken pho, a large portion, and honestly there was so little chicken in there that it was kind of comical. For $11.88 I'd like to actually have meat in my meat dish.The first time I went to this place I'd give it glowing stars- I prefer the authentic flavors on Washington Avenue, but the ambience, cleanliness, and freshness of flavors made the whole experience comparable if not a bit better than those places. But the goi cuon was just ok, which is pretty depressing bc I live for goi cuon.
Second time around bringing an out of towner, the plate of condiments/herbs we were served were wilted with mold spots, the lime turning brown. The goi cuon tasted like refrigerated mattress stuffed inside refrigerated plastic bags, an abomination and very sad introduction to the dish and the region for my bro in law. The sauce was like pineappley, I didn't understand. Our dishes were pretty good but his pho had half a red onion sliced thick right on top, who does that? My vermicelli bowl was a nice spin on the dish with pickled veggies and curried chicken. Not authentic and not quite as fresh as I'd like, but a solid 7/10.
I don't like to dock stars from local businesses for one bad experience because we need places like this in Philly, but if certain things don't improve I would. It's also about 20% more expensive than authentic Vietnamese food, for 20% less food. Pls make better goi cuon and make the food live up to the price cuz I will pay it in order to have something a little different if it's done well.Wow what a find! Great draft list. Better bottle list. We had the lemongrass banh mi and the beef pho and both were excellent! Very pleasant and helpful service.Just had lunch here. Everything  was fresh and delicious and the servers could not be more friendly and accommodating. The Pho broth was rich and the beef was high quality and plentiful. My husband had the mushroom Pho which was equally rich and full of a variety of mushrooms. The Banh Mi sandwich was wonderful too. We also had Vietnamese coffee -- both the hot and cold versions were beautifully presented and addictively delicious. Strongly recommended for drinks, lunch or dinner -- with family or friends.Chill place, great for a small group of friends. Has more of a bar feel to it than an actual restaurant. They allow you to freely select any beer bottles from the fridge but they have to open it at your table. They have a great selection of beers and crafts on draft as well. The food is good and authentic. They definitely give you a good amount of food for the prices they charge. They also have happy hour specials that allow you to select half a banh mi sandwhich with a bowl of pho for like $15.Amazing... food, service and atmosphere. Bartender/server was very pleasant and welcoming. Definitely will be returningGreat cocktails. Ok beer selection. Great scene. Food was just ok. Imperial rolls and tamarind wings were delicious. The pork belly buns, brisket banh mi, and pork belly rice bowl all lacked flavor. Great concept, but probably won't go back again based on the food.Our experience was just "ok"... We've had better vermicelli bowls and banh mi other places. Service was decent. Two drinks, one banh mi and one Obama bowl with tip... $44...A little pricey for what we got on the lunch menu.Holy hell.  Pho Brisket Bahn Mi.  Great beer on tap and legit menu.  This place is unique, does it all and delivers in all phases.  Great find here.Very cool hipster casual dinner spot. It's kinda like foodery but with vietnamese food. Cool selection of craft beer. Ambience and concept is def 5 stars. But... food is just ok. It's more expensive than regular viet joints with smaller portions. But much nicer presentation. Buns with brisket was basically... the kind of thin slices of meat  in cheesesteaks but without much seasoning or flavor. The pho broth was not bad considering it's not trying to be authentic viet joint. But again meat was meh. Bahn mi's meat was also lacking in flavor. The pickled radish and the bun itself was rly good if that means anything to anyone. 
They need to re-think their meat game. Idk, get a grill and grill some pork chop with lemongrass. Because except for the meat, I think they are capable of flavoring things! Lk broth was good, the sauces in the buns and bahn mi were good. 
Oh and cocktails were good! But just stay away from brisket and pork belly.. wont be what you want or expect.The food was excellent and the service was amazing.  I was fairly new to Vietnamese food, but this was a great start.  My waitress was super helpful - helping me with my order and even giving me tips on how to eat Pho without making a mess.    
We loved the shredded chicken Bahn mi & the beer selection was amazing.I use Yelp Reviews often but I seldom post. This place has the most incredible vegetarian pho and bahn mi sandwiches we have had in a long time. The beer selection is plentiful, the ingredients are fresh and generously portioned, and the manager gave us free summer rolls because he noticed we were vegetarian and he wanted us to not miss out on his favorite veg dish! Truly a delightful culinary treat, highly recommended!Definitely not one of those places where you go to grab a super authentic meal but I gotta say I love the concept and their spin on the food is excellent. It's still vietnamese food regardless and I'm glad it's not the generic just like the other locations. We have enough those regular pho and noodle joints that serve the exact same thing over and over again.Pros: good food
Cons: slow service (it took 50 minutes for our appetizer to come out, forgot to bring out certain food/drinks, and negligent to nut allergies. The food runner looked at my plate and Said there were no peanuts even though there were clearly peanuts.This is.... the best Vietnamese hoagie in philly. There! I said it!  Also... listen up new restaurants of philly, if you have a porter on draft I will love you forever.  I leave with bottles in a bag and a full tummy of Asian goodness.  This place could be heaven and I wouldn't get bored.Stumbled in with a bunch of friends a couple weeks after it opened and returned a week later cause we were craving the Obama bowl (thanks Obama!). Wings are another highlight on a menu full of delicious stuff. Great selection of beers that you can select bottled or draft. So glad to have a new favorite go-to - this place definitely tops the list of accessible, reasonably priced, consistently good food in the area!I was really excited for this place to open, but I was a bit disappointed.
Ambience: great. I loved how it looked and felt 
Service: I only saw one server, one bartender, one person at the front. It didn't look enough people 
Food: overall the food was a bit bland and all the portions were small. 
We got the salted baked seafood, and the portion was tiny for 12 dollars. It tasted good but was very oily, which I did not exactly expect. The dish composed of prawns, scallops, and squid 
I got the portobello mushroom pho and the broth was very tasteless. It has a good amount of mushrooms though. My friend got the chicken pho, which had much better broth. Another friend got the obama bowl and the sauce was incredibly bland and the portion wasn't exactly large. But she did enjoy it. 
Drinks: I got the French sazerac and it was tasty. The bottles at the front of the store seemed incredibly overpricedDefinitely a new favorite. Had a great lunch experience here- papaya salad was fresh and crisp, they offer a meal combo which is great! I was torn between a bahn mo or beef pho but I didnt have to choose! Got half a bahn mi sandwhich and a beef pho (serving was actually quite large). Our meal was very satisfying. Will be back to try their cocktails but they also do house made sodas- lavender lemongrass a must try. Service was also prompt, great Eater recommendation all aroundAmazing place! Amazing Staff! Amazing food! Amazing brew selection! Definitely recommended!Really enjoyed my Beef Pho at this really cool location on South Street.   Definitely returning!Cocktail culture-bar and beer-market it does deliver on, if those are your thing; the namesake banh-mi, which sadly lacks in any authenticity of price/flavor/presentation, gave me zero satisfaction.  
I've heard the pho and rice dishes are good, but you're far better sticking to somewhere authentic than this cheffy-shit moneygrab IMO!Amazing service, had no OJ so the bartender offered to hand squeeze some oranges they had so I could grab a mimosa. Followed that up with some bartender magic to make an Irish coffee without baileys. Not only great customer service but friendly as well- probably some of the best service I've had at a bar. And! If that wasn't enough I was unaware of most of the food menu and they perfectly recommended something perfect after I gave incredibly vague statements about what I was looking for.
Amazing! Will return.Really enjoyed my Beef Pho at this really cool location on South Street.   Definitely returning!!Lovely, fresh, authentic Vietnamese street food. A few bucks more than the local Vietnamese joints but genuinely better, and a good beer selection at reasonable prices. Highly recommended!Stopped in for dinner on Saturday night and was surprised to find it was still happy hour until 6:30 ($5 drafts and bo buns). Pork belly bahn mi was on par with China town favorites, but the beef pho was exceptionally flavorful and filling. It's a bit Americanized (no tripe or tendons here, only prime cuts), which makes it accessible to pho newbies, and the combo meal is a great value. A bit more selection in the front bottle shop and this spot would be hard to beat.I don't understand all these 5 stars? Going there with my daughter and her Vietnamese boyfriend from California they were like this Pho is a joke. There was like minimal amount of chicken in the dish and the broth tasted like dish water. Most places provide an ample amount of basil and bean sprouts they got like a tiny plate. My supposed 'Surf and Turf' was soo over seasoned with mint it was inedible, (guess mint is cheap) I am sorry I went there. Where was my mixed greens?maybe go online and see how a real Vietnamese restaurant is serving? Beer was tasty and service was just okay.Its an odd sort of shop, where you can buy bottles on the go, or take them to your table. We went there for dinner on Saturday pretty early, so there wasn't a big crowd. However, service was very slow. We only saw our waitress when she took our order and when she gave us the check. The food was brought out by other people. That wouldn't have been a problem, except there was one point where my husband was finished eating his meal and I was still waiting for my 1/2 order of pho. We saw our waitress doing other things around the restaurant wondering what was going on with the food situation.
The bahn mis were really good. The bread was crunchy, the sauce was spicy, and portions were large. He got the full chicken and I got a 1/2 chicken bahn mi and a 1/2 bowl of beef pho. We also split the pork bao buns. The bahn mis and the bao buns were excellent, but I felt the pho was really bland. I would go back to get the sandwich again, but not sure its worth the wait. It would be great if they did take out.Quite enjoyable and looking forward to returning soon. Casual atmosphere, helpful and knowledgeable service, and tasty food - especially the Tamarind Wings! Whoever designed and executed the finishes of the restaurant did an amazing job...surprisingly beautiful craftsmanship. Lovely cocktails and fantastic beer selection with a bonus of house made sodas for the unlucky designated driver (lavender lemongrass was perfect with the food!).Popping into a Vietnamese place with a take-out beer selection on South Street bolsters culinary confidence as much as an toddler Uber driver.  Things aren't likely to end well. 
Banh Mi is a notable exception. Service was attentive and knowledgeable.  He took the time to explain each dish, its ingredients, and importance to Vietnamese culture.  For example the sandwhich bread is lighter than is typical thanks to the the French occupation. 
I had the Obama, a rice noodle dish with various forms of meat, like sausage and brisket.  With the vinegar and pepper sauce, this was very interesting and tasty dish.  
My wife had the grilled squid appetizer served with 2 dipping sauces.  Nice texture and char on the meat.  The sauces were additive and complex.  She also had a vegetable dish.  I didn't try that, but can say she made a few requests/substitutions due to some dietary restrictions.  They gladly made it work!
So excellent service, food, and drink.  I'm begining to think that baby can drive.
Lastly....if you like bourbon order "end of day"Warning: do not come here to buy "bottles" to go.  The prices are absolutely absurd.   I had to wait forever and found out that it was about $25 for a 6 pack from their beer store!Food is delicious, flavorful, fresh and authentic. Pho Papaya Salad 
Spring Rolls. Great beer selection and the staff is nice. They seem a little short handed on the floor but everyone is so nice I didn't matter. Thanks for a great time.Welcome to the neighborhood!!! Just tried the House Made Sodas and the super yummy Pork Belly Banh Mi and can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Very warm spot with a fun, professional staff. Cheers!When you hear banh mi you automatically think, ou another vietnamese spot opening up in town and you just get so excited and can't wait for it to open to give it a try . The ambiance when you first walked in , it's a cute and cozy place with the dim lights and little candles lighting up on the tables . Since my boyfriend and I was out Christmas shopping all day and we were starving , we decided to stopped in banh mi & bottles, the newest addition to south st a try . I wasn't feeling too good and wanted something soupy so why not . I like trying new places .
Once we walked in, we were greeted and got seated right away . The menu is very limited not like your typical vietnamese restaurant. I love bao buns and there are only a few restaurants in philly that makes it really good so I decided to order the pork belly bao buns for appetizer since they have them here . Both my boyfriend and I decided to get the saigon beef pho . For non alcoholic beverages they have handmade sodas and a few other drinks listed such as vietnamese iced coffee . I'm not a big fan of tapped water nor I'm a beer person and I wasn't in the mood for cocktails so I ended up ordering the handmade cola soda (never had handmade soda before) but okay I'll give it a try and my boyfriend got the vietnamese iced coffee . 
After a few minutes of waiting our drinks came out . My boyfriend didn't like his coffee. He said it doesn't taste like the one you normally get from a Vietnamese restaurants. My soda had a kicked to it as if it has ginger in it . I didn't like it too much . It  tasted very different. Now down to the food . Our pork belly bao buns came out and it was actually pretty good. So since my bao tasted good I decided to ordered two different banh mi to go . I ordered the pork belly banh mi and the super sauce deluxe (the same as the special combination at a sandwich shop) and it's not pictured . When our pho bowls came out , in my opinion the small bowl was actually pretty small . I usually never finished my pho at other places . We both thought it was just okay . I don't really like the thick noodles in my pho . For the price and taste I'll just stick to my typical vietnamese restaurant and pay about 7$ for a decent size bowl . My boyfriend agree . It's just too pricey for something that tasted just okay . Growing up eating pho all my life I would know what a good bowl of pho taste like .
I want to love this place but I just can't. I'll just stick to my regular pho place when I do have the crave for it . The banh mi isn't worth the price either. I had better elsewhere and pay only about 3.75$ for one instead of 9$ for one . 
Service was overall good . My waitress was sweet and attentive but I honestly probably won't returned .Let me start by saying that I love the restaurant's concept, service, atmosphere and drink selection. Because of its convenient proximity to my home, I've been to B&B 4 or 5 times in the last year. And I intend to return. 
Unfortunately, there's one glaring issue that keeps me from making this place THE area's answer to Cheu Noodle Bar: It's the meat quality. I've had the chicken pho, chicken banh mi, brisket banh mi, chicken wings, chicken skewers, squid appetizer, rib appetizer and filet entree (on special). All have been perfectly seasoned and flavorful. That said, I feel that all aforementioned menu items employed sub-par cuts of meat (aside from squid and wings). The brisket is fatty (but some people like that). The rib meat is fatty and tough. The chicken is the #1 offender: Beautiful pho and Banh Mi are compromised by unidentifiable pieces of "mystery chicken" that has good flavor but is too chewy due to use of connective tissue and rubbery skin. Black chicken tendons are also startling to see connected to most chicken pieces in your soup. The steak had good flavor, but was also plagued by fat; it was presented as a 7-oz. filet but arrived pre-diced in bite-sized chunks. If it's a beautiful medium-rare filet, why would you chop it up into unidentifiable pieces? 
I don't typically advocate for food waste, but this feels more like a cost-cutting measure than a means of resource conservation. If they step up their meat quality and meat trimming skills, there's no reason B&B can't compete with Philly's finest Asian fusion restaurants.I live in South Philadelphia and eat a lot of Pho. On a cold winter day, I brought some of my closest friends to this gem on South Street, and the people who served us were warm, friendly, and attentive. Great food. Great service. Great vibes.Food is great!
Beef pho is great with an incredibly clear and delicious broth. The banh mi is getting better, I think, but they really need to work on making it less soggy. I think they use the same beef from the pho so it ends up being wet and strange-tasting. I wish they had something more standard, like a barbecue pork banh mi or something. 
Service is so so...
I've been here four times and I hope they will improve their service. The staff is friendly but either they are inexperienced or have some strange strategies. During their opening week the host tried to turn us away announcing the wait would be 45 minutes or longer when even I could tell several tables were paying. We were seated in 5 minutes and the host said we were "lucky". On another visit the waitress was totally scattered--she was so worried about serving water at the next table that she didn't even let me squeeze in a question before she left my table! Literally told me she would answer my question after she served water to those who had just sat down. She returned 10 minutes later. Third visit, we were waited by a new staff member who was not familiar with any of the dishes. If they are to have original dish names, at least the waiters should be able to explain their contents. The fourth visit was uneventful with friendly and capable staff.Finally got a chance to check this place out and am so glad I did. I didn't know what to expect, would the food be overpriced and bland, catering to more Americanized clientele? While it wasn't cheap, all the dishes we had were well worth it! Great options and lots of drink choices. I will def come back to try their mixed drinks. We ordered the 2 banh bao options, pork belly and beef brisket, they were so delicious!!! For banh mis, we also got both the pork belly and beef brisket. The bread was perfectly crispy and the beef au jus that came with the beef brisket was a fun and delicious addition. Definitely worth checking out if you're around South Street.New kid on the block and a cool one at that. Banh mi and Bottle strikes the ever evasive combo of hip and authentic. Many spots try hard to innovate and deviate too far from the original taste of their intended cuisines.
The dining room was cozy and small, the sections were divided to create private spaces that had very different designs. One side looked like a warm family room, one was designed to look like a hip bar in Vietnam and they also had a full service bar with a TV.
Our waitress, Donna was a sweetie and made us felt super comfortable to be there. We ordered scallion corn, baked green mussels, beef brisket bao, tofu rice bowl and imperial rolls. So check this out, we ordered brisket bao but our waitress brought out brisket banh mi instead. Honestly we were ok with that because the banh mi looked so delicious but guess what? Donna was so cool that she actually hooked us up for the bao, on her! Wow! Now that's good service!
The food was amazing. The baked mussels was the best, the marinate was out of this world. The banh mi brisket dipped in pho broth was just so juicy and flavorful. The scallion corn had really good flavors but a bit salty. The imperial roll reminded of Vietnamese "cha dum" which is a type of meatloaf but stuffed inside an egg roll and fried. A bit controversial but I think I liked it.
Overall, the food and atmosphere deserved a solid 4 star but because of our awesome waitress Donna, the place is getting a 5 for excellent service. Highly recommended, especially for serious foodies.This place is amazing, the food is super tasty and reasonably priced. The servers were very friendly. They were also playing Dark Knight on the TVs, and great music! They have a pick two dinner special - 1/2 Bahn mi and pho for $14, it was amazing! Would definitely come back and recommend! Uh oh...space jam just came on!  Looks like we are getting another round!So excited to welcome B&B to the block - have been anticipating it's opening since summer! Overall, my group had a great experience, but there's still a lot of kinks that need to be work out. Be prepared to wait 20-30 min for a table, 30 min to get food/drink orders in, and about an hour for your food to come out.
VENUE:
Exposed brick, dim lights, laid back vibes. Perfect spot for a hang out - even though it gets busy, the seating is arranged so that groups don't interfere with one another. An extensive and diverse selection of beers at the cases in the front, all reasonably priced for being craft beers!
STAFF:
Shout out to the staff that's there tonight - they provided excellent service. Our host provided a complimentary round of drinks for our wait. There was some confusion when we were ordering food and drink, but our lovely waitress laughed about it with us. It's obvious they're all still adjusting, which is no surprise for a new restaurant. The staff is so accommodating that with time, I have no doubt the service will be flawless.
FOOD/DRINK (most important part):
-Drinks: Their cocktails are strong and tasty, highly recommend the French Sazerac. The wine was nothing to write home about, you're better off ordering a cocktail or beer.
-I wanted to love the food so badly. However, I'm sad to report that the pho and banh mi are decidedly ok. There's better pho and banh mi for much better prices in Chinatown and South Philly. However, my favorite dish was the Brisket Bao Buns - great flavors, highly recommend!
-Of note, they're still running out of menu items - we ordered the squid for an appetizer but were told it had run out after we'd been waiting for our food for the better part of an hour.
Despite all the waiting, my group had a good time - on the bright side drinks come out pretty quickly! I'm sure that after a few weeks, B&B will have some of the kinks worked out and hopefully it won't take as long for food to come out. I'll most likely be returning - not specifically for the food, but for the drinks and chill vibe.Not a bad showing for this new joint off South Street. We stumbled upon this joint after a LONG trip from NYC. We were due for a filling, fresh meal ASAP. We did come to the right place, but it took a while. We sat down and didn't get a server for 15 minutes. No exaggeration. The place wasn't packed either. However, the food and quickness of the service thereafter was too notch. 
What we got:
-Ciders from the "bottles" side of the joint. You're able to grab any beer you want from the ice chest. And They'll  be charged your bill. Very cool. 
-Shrimp spring rolls (fresh AF) 
-Vermicelli shrimp bowl
-Rice bowl with shrimp
Some would say we had a hankering for the tiny crustacean's. Overall, I'd say this is a neat little Vietnamese joint that can cure any hankering of fresh noddles, seafood, and fine craft beer. I was also told they own a nail salon down the street! Good for them and their newest venture. 
Also, this $50 meal for two beats any NYC bill. Good looks.Come here almost once a week. Always get Saigon beef pho, sometimes pork belly bao bun or imperial rolls or pork skewer (just discovered!). Let's walk through each:
- Saigon beef pho: awesome! Best in menu. This is the best Pho in Philly for me (tried Thanh Thanh, Thang Long, pho 75, Vietnam house, Ngon Ngon and 1 on Columbus ave). Coming from Hanoi where Pho is originally from, where Hanoian eats Pho for breakfast, this is the closet to authentic that I have eaten in Philly. Since moving to the U.S 8 years ago, I always crave for this taste and when I found a really close version of it, I'm done (thus the regularity). 
   Why authentic? 
      1. Noodle is WIDE and soft. There was a period the restaurant changed their noodle to the thin ones that ALL other restaurants offer. I was really sad and genuinely feel a little tear in the heart. I didn't come there as often anymore. Then to my surprise AND happiness, they changed back to the original wide noodle. It literally made my day. 
      2. The broth tastes and smells great. I always try to eat here during brunch time (11am - 12pm) because my bowl is the first scoops of the broth of the day so I get the purest and freshest of the ingredients. My sense of smell are more delicate so I can appreciate the scent in the broth better. No idea why its called Saigon beef bc it's so Hanoi. Hahaha.
- pork belly bao bun: this is just simply -- goooood! It's not special but it's just good. Go with pork belly. Its better than beef brisket. Btw if you eat beef pho, the brisket is in there too so you won't miss out.
- imperial rolls: oh this is different from the spring rolls at the other chinese and Viet restaurants! To me, those are unhealthy and unfresh. But this one, other than the wraps, it's 60% close to what my mom made, which to me is impressive.
- pork skewers: OMG they should make a banh mi out of this because this taste is exactly the one that my 13-17 year-old self ate after school and before my night classes. Then, us kids usually waited in front of the small food stand for the meat to be grilled well then dropped the skewers in the hoagy, close it and pulled the bamboo sticks out. 2 sticks per hoagy! 10,000 VND! (Must be 15k now). 
I hope you guys would like it like I do. Everyone's taste bud is different but from a standpoint of a hanoian and northerner, I'd say those dishes (except for bao bun) are most authentic in Philly.There's nothing this place can't do. The draft selection is always incredible- each beer served in a frozen glass. If you're not into anything on tap, mosey on over to the beer fridges where you're guaranteed to find something you love. The music is always awesome and adds to the great vibe of the place. The banh mi and pho dinner special is out of this world. I have never had a better bowl of pho anywhere in the city. The service is incredible. I couldn't say enough about how great this place is. It is an ultimate favorite and never disappoints.Soooo much yumm! Not picture is the steak bah mi.  It was my first time here and i will definitely be coming back.  The food was very tasty and the service was phenomenal. Our server took the time to explain to us how to eat our pho and she gave us recommendations.  The atmosphere is also very chill.The last time I visited BMAB was during their opening weekend, so I figured I was due for another visit. Another great experience at this awesome place!! They've definitely worked out the most of the kinks that I mentioned they were having during their opening weekend - no issues in terms of availability of menu items and no long wait this time. There've been some minor revisions to the men (RIP Salty Seafood Snack), but the selection of Banh Mi and Pho is mostly the same. See my previous review for deets on the venue, staff, and food/drink!
THE REAL UPDATE: HALLELUJAH, VEGAN EATS!
One thing I wasn't aware of before was how vegan-friendly this place is - there's a vegan option in every category of the menu, so carnivores and omnivores don't have to worry about bringing their herbivore friends! In my last review, I said the food was decidedly ok - I stand by this in that, if you're looking for authentic Vietnamese cuisine, this is NOT the place. But BMAB does a great job at an Americanized flavor profile (heavier flavors with emphasis on the sweet notes), which most people can appreciate. Their vegan dishes are really top-notch, which has convinced me to bump them up from 4 to 5 stars.
-Portabella Mushroom Pho: I'm usually not a huge fan of Portabella mushrooms, but I really enjoyed this! The mushrooms are tender and thinly sliced to mimic beef, which I loved. In my experience, many restaurants tend to dump as many vegetables as possible into their vegetarian/vegan pho, as if they're trying to make up for not having meat, so BMAB's take was refreshing in that they stuck with fewer, more high quality ingredients, each of with enhance the soup flavor.
-Tofu Banh Mi: You can get this 2 ways! As a version of pho brisket or pho chicken! I personally had the pho chicken, while my boyfriend had the pho brisket. While we didn't think either was a good imitation of meat, they were both excellent on their own! The "chicken" tofu has a crispy outside and the sauce they serve with it is great. I really enjoyed my Banh Mi, it was the best vegan Banh Mi I've had to date.
Such a great place to go with a group of friends if you feel like going to a bar but don't want to shout over people - it has the appeal of a bar in both the venue and their excellent drink selection, and avoids the pitfalls of being too dark, loud, and/or ratchet by providing restaurant-style seating and great food options.I went here with my boyfriend on Friday night for dinner. The bottle selection is good, although not as exciting as some other similar places. We started off with the papaya salad, which was fantastic. However, his dinner was then brought out at least 10 minutes before mine, creating an awkward situation where I was forced to stare at him while he ate. While waiting I grabbed another beer, but it was over 5 minutes before the waitress came over to open it. As I was waiting for my food, I could see that multiple other tables were encountering the same issue where some people had their food while others didn't. The waitress seemed to be aware of this issue and rather than apologize for the delay, she avoided our table entirely and my sandwich was finally brought out without a word. The food was very good in the end, but the poor service negated that.Love the ambiance, awesome decor, and great service. The food is super yummy coming from someone who is Vietnamese! Love getting the pho brisket banh mi and the Obama bowl is huge! Their Saigon beef pho is delicious as well. Great beer selection. The only thing is keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the price. Definitely would recommended!Tamarind-flavored chicken wings, banh mi, all sorts of beer (both on tap and as separate bottles), and even wine - doesn't get better than this!Delicious food and terrific service. Terrific happy hour with all the street bites priced at $5. We ordered the vegetarian summer rolls (normally $8) and the tamarind wings (normally $11). Both were terrific. 
Tips: Ask for the homemade chili oil. It makes for a delicious addition. It isn't too spicy but adds great flavor and a little kick.This place has a very cute and quiet atmosphere. The Beef Pho is AMAZING, the Chicken Bahn Mi not so much-- the veggies weren't pickled like I was expecting and it just had a weird taste. The Jasmine Tease drink is VERY refreshing. Taste amazing and cleanse the pallet so you get a fresh bite of food after ever sip. A little pricey but I think it's worth it.Visiting from San Diego and stumbled into this place - great find! Piping hot pho made with really fresh ingredients, hand crafted cocktails, really cool vibe, and solid craft beer. What's not to love!!! Sat at the bar, was taken care of by great staff, wish we had this gem in our neighborhood.Came here for lunch today and loved it! Had a half tamarind tofu bahn mi and half Saigon beef pho. The tofu bahn mi was perfect, and it was one of the best that I've had in Philly! My only gripe comes with the pho..while I understand that fat gives pho broth a lot of flavor, I didn't particularly like the amount of fat on the beef itself---it seemed like there was a lot of it and I found myself peeling it off. Otherwise, the meal was delicious and would be happy coming here again!Delicious food, quality and fresh ingredients, generous portions.  The Banh Mi is tied for best in city with Artisan Boulanger Patisserie.  Guo Cuon summer rolls and mushroom pho are highlights for me!  Great selection of bottles, drafts, and wine.Yum. Dont wait in the cheesesteak line. Come here. Fresh food and ingredients, the hot food hit the spot even on a super hot day. YUM.Ive been here a number of times before but my two most recent visits prompted me to write a review. My siblings were in town for the Thanksgiving holidays and being Vietnamese, I had to take them to BnB. 
The last two visits we got a number of món pho and bánh mì. We also got chicken and pork skewers. The flavors were fantastic and true to our culture. Located on South St, away from the Vietnamese hub on Washington I was a little concerned if the flavors would hold true. After the first bite those concerns disappeared. 
The pho tasted just like home and they even use bánh tuoi, a wider type of rice noodles typically used in the motherland. The skewers tasted better than the ones you'd find in Asia, and the bao buns has a nice flavor balance. 
Another plus about BnB was the service. The first time we came in this week we had a server from Santa Ana which is a delightful surprise. Last night we had two pleasant experiences. Linh, from Hanoi, helped us feel at ease and welcomed. We also got to meet with the humble owner who showed me and my siblings what Philly was all about. 
Tl;Dr: Authentic flavor. Dope service. Will come again. See pix for kicks [:Thank you for fully fulfilling my Banh Mi craving with that delicious lemongrass chicken! Yum! Super cute little casual place, with a huge bottle beer selection to grab on the way out. Will definitely be back!Finally, actually good vegan pho! 
I spent a month backpacking through Vietnam and ate at least 1 bowl of pho every day. After that, pho was the hardest thing to "give up" when I went vegan because restaurants couldn't seem to figure out that plain vegetable broth with salt isn't a satisfying substitute. 
Banh Mi and Bottles, however, has concocted an amazing mushroom broth bursting with the umami flavors that animal bone pho is so popular for. They add fried tofu, shiitake and enoki mushrooms, and bok choy, and the bean sprouts, jalapeno, and basil served with it were fresh (why are they so rotten at some restaurants?). 
Banh Mi and Bottles, if you're reading this, thank you so much for catering to vegans! I'm the organizer for the Center City Philly Vegans meetup group, and all 200+ of them will be getting a recommendation from me to try the mushroom pho. Can you guys do a vegan bun bo Hue next?!This house cocktail is amazing. I'm not any sort of expert on Vietnamese food, but I loved the pork belly banh mi I got.Good food but they automatically charged 20% gratuity when the menu says only 18% for parties over 6.  #shadyBraised pork belly banh mi is awwwesome! First time trying banh mi but this sandwich really surprises me=) Tastes a bit sour and sweet, some cold vegetables inside (radish carrots cucumbers) with chewy and yet tender pork belly! Highly recommendedgo ahead and put two of my favs together in one place, IM GONNA BE THERE.
came in to grab a late night bite on a weeknight, and was pleasantly surprised by their classic banh mi. bread was thankfully more baguette than amoroso (but hey, i'd be good cause, philly). and their pate was on point: just salty enough and with a nice meaty texture. 
and fyi, came in again on another friday night with my gf, and shared their brisket pho that was surprisingly better than expected. broth was both clean yet intensely beefy, while totally addictive, and nice on that chilly night. not quite as funky / offal-tastic, nor as inexpensive as what you'd get on washington ave, but a quality bowl worth anyone's time. 
as for the other half of the operation, fun selection on the shop side, with lots of brews that i really like and have had some nice drafts at the bar. always dig a tightly edited draft selection at a beer shop, cause its probably what they most wanna have and i'm down to see what the purveyors are drinking. 
and yea, i get that i said "surprising" about the food twice, cause i'm gonna be a skeptic whenever someone's trying to tweak something thats a classic. but hats off to b&b for just making tasty food and willing to offer an entire store full of beer to go with it.
some minor complaints: wish the bar area didnt have a few awkwardly set nearby tables. and for a beer store, the drafts could be a touch more adventurous: maybe a cask ale or barleywine? and while totally digging the vibe of the place, the back table area just felt a little too bright. again, minor.
still, where else are you gonna have a vietnamese banh mi, with a nice german gose, while watching robert rodriguez' "once upon a time in mexico" on the bar's tv?This place has the best tofu banh mi and vegetarian pho I have ever had. And I have tried many places.Dinner at B&B was my favorite during my 3 day stay in Philly. I absolutely loved that I was able to get both bahn mi *and* pho! The beer selection was great as well. The customer service was great, everyone was incredibly welcoming and the atmosphere they've created is perfect for a casual dinner. This will certainly be a stop I make the next time I'm in Philly.Great, totally unique place to get Vietnamese food and craft beers, two great tastes that taste better together. Casual sit down, have drinks at the bar or take out. Fun, chilled vibe. Green papaya salad, pho, banh mi, etc, all well prepared and fresh, with seemingly no corners cut. A total gem.Delicious food and great beer selection. I got the pho brisket and a Vietnamese like drink. Sandwich was beyond my expectations. Highly recommend it and the place. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in the cityWhat a fun spot located on South Street. Come here for some fusion Vietnamese food and a very nice selection of draft or canned beer. 
I got their half and half lunch combo which includes a half bowl of pho and half of a banh mi hoagie. Also picked out a Japanese Hitachino white ale. Total bill for the entire lunch was $27 which is a bit pricey but was worth it.This place was awesome! If you're strolling around South Street, definitely pop in. The interior is so cute and the food was pretty good! For $15, you can do a pho and Banh mi combo which was the perfect amount of food. They have plenty of vegetarian options too. The pork belly bahn mi was so tasty! They had pretty good happy hour deals and had $5 apps. Overall, it was a great place to grab some good grub!Really cool place, even if you're going for a drink or two. Their food is really good as well and they have a couple unique items with cool spins on your typical Vietnamese dishes/Banh Mi.Decent place with a nice bar. Pho banh mi is okay. I expected something different but it wasn't bad. It was kind of expensive for what it was. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back here but it not a bad place for drinks and mediocre vietnamese food.I was really excited to try this place. We got in and it was a lot nicer on the inside than the typical pho place I'm used to. I usually get pho or banh mi from nice enough places where the food is great, but the ambiance is not so great. I honestly don't mind that, but this place is nice for making an event out of getting Vietnamese since it is darkly lit and has a liquor license. 
The food was good. I got the half brisket banh mi and half beef pho and it cost $14. Both were really good- particularly the pho. I had the B&B gin and tonic and that was absolutely delightful.
All in all, I thought it was a great place, but I felt a little uncomfortable there. it definitely has a hipster vibe and the waiter wasn't that warm. He kind of had an attitude and seemed really annoyed that I had a question about the menu. On top of that, they were playing really awful music. I wanted to run away. It was like folk covers of contemporary songs, If banjo covers of Coldplay are your thing, then this place is for you!
I would go back to bring vegetarian friends since they have veggie options, which is really nice. But other than that, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go there. 
So, to sum it up- great food, great drinks, OK service, nice ambiance (if you like trendy/hipster stuff).love the coconut water. Taking the coconut meat apart with hint hint chopstick was the highlight of the day.  lolBeing Vietnamese and a Philly native, I know what a good Vietnamese restaurant is like. This place definitely charges more than your average Vietnamese restaurant... but hey it makes sense since they are located on South St. The restaurant is very modern and I love the interior! The tamarind wings are amazing but the pho and banh mi could be better. The service was a bit slow, but I think they were understaffed.Not the best chicken banh mi I've ever had but not bad! I'm always a fan of the sauce, crunchy veggies, and overall flavors were quite nice, just half the bread was too hard... might have been a little stale since it was late in the evening. Certainly forgivable as far as I'm concerned though. Was told the other sandwiches people ate were great so mine was probably a fluke. 
I'd come back to try some other items like the chicken pho or maybe a rice bowl. Lots of tasty looking things on the menu, and drinks seem creative (plus a few standard options). The ability to order a half banh mi and small pho combo made me smile :)
Plenty of veggie options too.... multiple banh mi and even pho which I don't see that often. 
This place is on south street but kinda easy to walk by. Glad I checked it out!On a cold winter day, I ordered some Pho via the caviar delivery app. My soup was prepared excellently with all the garnishes got provide a rich full flavor. In particular, the presentation was quite nice. Since I ordered it for delivery, you never know how it will be presented to you. Nonetheless, the soup came in a deconstructed fashion that really allowed you to add the various items into the pho into your own liking. There was ample broth and the various garnishes provided  proved more than enough to satisfy my palate. I can't wait to come in and see the restaurant for myself!I really like their chicken pho, it was flavorful and tasty. You don't have to season broth or chicken. Just eat it straight because you don't need hoisin sauce or Sriracha unless you like spicy.
Banh Mi Pork Belly was delicious
definitely will come back to try something else on the menu.Tasty beef pho broth :P 
Excellent beer selection
Speedy service
Nice tunes and atmosphere
Can't wait to try other menu itemsBao Buns and pho were perfect. The servings were huge and they provided just the right size of microwaveable to go containers, great for left over the next day. Cute outdoor seating for covid friendly dining!This place is so great!  It's been a favorite of my entire families for years, my daughter asks to go to "the noodles place" all the time. I have celiacs and I'm a vegan and they have multiple options for me. The entire staff is amazing, but the owner, Olivia & her sister Sarah, are our favorites. We love everything on the menu.What a great concept! My BF and I stopped in during happy hour and we ordered the fresh rolls ($5) and a Love City Lager which I think was also $5 on HH. The lager was delicious and paired really nicely with the fresh rolls. I found them delicious and yes, very fresh. It was the perfect stop for a quick snack and we left satisfied--our bill was $10 before tip! What's more, we were able to discover a local brew right then and there. We were crunched for time and didn't have a chance to make it to any actual breweries, so this was a great alternative.B&B! Or Bahn Mi & Bottles, is an amazing place that opened up very recently on South St. recently. it is a very trendy restaurant with the concept of introducing authentic Vietnamese street foods to the streets of Philly with an added Grab-and-Go bottle shop to pair with it! Definitely give this place a try and you'll come back wanting more!
Food/Drinks: I came here during the opening weeks of the restaurant, and they told us that the menu is still evolving and changing as the weeks go on, so this may not be as complete as when you read this. I would definitely recommend any of the Bahn Mi's, since they were all amazing. My favorite was the Pork Belly and the "Special Sauce" (which is most similar to the "special" banh mi at most other places). As for the appetizers/finger foods, I really enjoyed the buns, but I think they got a little wet since the Bao was slightly soggy on the outside. The taste was great though. We also had the Tamarind wings, which were were okay, and the squid, which was fairly decent. Finally, the pho and vermicilli was only average. I wouldn't recommend coming here for those, but if you're feeling it go ahead. The pork belly rice was great though and a good size for one person. In terms of drinks, there is a full bar as well as a med-size bottle shop. You can choose to grab drinks from the bar or from the fridge, which is a relatively not-that-common concept in Philadelphia (more common elsewhere). The selection is great too!
Decor/Ambiance: SOO TRENDY! SO AMAZING! So "I would want my apartment to look like this." Very factory-lofty, rustic type of place, with brick walls and big roof pipes kind of place, which is awesome. The lights are somewhat dim. Great place for groups as well as a date!
Service: Could use some improving, but again I think it's because it's newly opened. With time, it will definitely improve. About 3-4 servers with the owner actually coming out to help. There's also one bartender. I haven't been here when it was packed, but I heard that it can be pretty hectic when that happens.
Price: Little pricey, which is probably the worst aspect of this restaurant. Portions are not big for the amount. The appetizers are definitely really pricey. Drinks are okay, especially the city-wides.
Conclusion:
Would definitely come here again!
Pros - Food (especially Bahn Mi), Drinks (Great selection!)
Cons - Price, Service if busyThe BEST  banh mi I've  ever had anywhere,  hands down. I miss dining in the restaurant,  because  it was so pretty and inviting, but taking out is still a very joyful experience. The bao buns, the banh mi, the pho, everything,  it's  all fantastic! I'm  so happy  this restaurant  exists. A great  big thank you so much to this wonderful  restaurant and staff for always taking the time and care to provide such great food and experiences, especially  now  during this hard time. Can't wait to go back!Tried this vietnamese place and was super blown away. We started with the brisket and pork belly bao buns and both were amazing. The meat was super tender and literally melted in your mouth. I decided to get the veggie pho as It was super cold and It was everything. The broth was so flavorful and the noodle to veggie ratio was perfect. I liked the assortment of veggies that they included. Out waiter was super attentive and made sure that we had everything we needed. I do wish that they had outside heaters as the temperature drops during the evening. Overall the next time I'm in philly would def come back here to try other menu items.With all the amazing Vietnamese in South Philly, this place is also a solid choice. However, portion sizes are definitely smaller. The pork meatball banh mi was good and the pho stock is solid. It's hard for me to switch from my go to pho place.Came in for dinner & refuge from a hot day, and everything from the cold drinks, the relaxing atmosphere, and the refreshing service of the waitstaff exceeded my expectations! The Summer Rolls with Pork & Shrimp had two different sauces and both were very great; the pho was juicy, hearty, and better than any pho joint I've been to. 
Just wanted to give an extra special shoutout to how accommodating the waitstaff was! We asked for more sugar (simple syrup) for the iced tea and a second bowl to share the pho, and the staff was super quick and eager to help us out. Couldn't ask for more from a quick, easy, and more than satisfying bite in a cute location!Fantastic Vietnamese food with a few twists. Everything about this place makes me want to keep coming back. The food is delicious, the staff is wonderful and they really nailed the type of atmosphere they are trying to achieve (and they have happy hour everyday from 4:30-6:30). 
Food: First and foremost, the Brisket Banh Mi is as good as it gets. If you've heard people rave about it, just know that it is even better than they describe. Its not quite a traditional banh mi but everything about it was phenomenal from the soft baguette to the beef au jus. The traditional summer rolls were very fresh and came with two sauces (peanut and sweet chili). I also highly recommend the pork belly bao. 
Drinks: The house cocktail was an Artichoke sour which was unique and refreshing. We also tried the coconut water (served in a coconut) and the Vietnamese iced coffee and would recommend both as well. I don't think you can go wrong with just about anything on the menu.My friend and I stumbled upon this place in search for something for dinner during the pandemic. Our original plan was to get a cheesesteak on the same street, but after walking by, we decided to look elsewhere. As we strolled down South St, we noticed a cute street side seating area. Not knowing this place we walked a bit further to see what Philly had to offer. We turned around to head back and decided to give this a try. We were greeted by the hostess who then in turn became our server. Sweet and polite young girl we'll call Kitty. We looked over the menu and each ordered a drink. As the drinks came out, Maggi is tequila, we place our dinner order. The drinks were on point. Tasty and not watered down or piled with ice. Our meal came out to which we both got a Vermicelli bowl of different meats. MY GOD! I've never tasted anything like this before. So full of flavor and so fresh. Beautiful size portion for the dollar. We ordered another round of drinks where our Kitty politely attend to quickly. As we neared the end of our meal...I wanted more. Not because I was still hungry, but the flavors were perfect. Kitty came back to offer us a drink special to which we gladly accepted. A ginger margarita! A perfect end to the meal. I was concerned sitting on the street would be intrusive with passing car exhaust, but I did not experience that at all. I will definitely be returning to this establishment. A+ in my bookOrdered through Caviar. Fast delivery. Mushroom pho with Bok Choy and Portobellos is so good! Maybe my favorite vegetarian meal in Philly.This place is so photogenic and service is fantastic, but it just didn't quite hit the right notes when it came to flavor. My girlfriend and I decided to try this place out and seated at one of their outdoor seats. I ordered the tumeric catfish banh mi and was let down by the lack of actual catfish and overabundant dill. My girlfriend got the pork belly rice now and received two rather thick slices, though it fell kinda flat and we expected more pork belly for the amount of rice. It's a nice sit down place, but there's better value out there.Wow! What a hidden gem!! Came here with my friend it happen to be happy hour and all the apps we order was $5! What an awesome deal! My favorite app was the tamarind wings!! Wow wow these are amazing so crispy so flavorful. I can't wait to bring all my friends and family here. All the apps were amazing. My friend and I split the Obama bowl and I am do happy we did because this is a pretty big bowl. The service was also amazing our waiter always asked us if we needed anything else and was a step ahead of us. He came over with more napkins before we even asked. Overall I can't wait to come back!!Update! I still love this place! Finally moved back in to the city, and I thought I would visit this place since I haven't been back forever, which was a great decision. I am so happy they opened up an outdoor seating area during this tough time period. I highly recommend that you call ahead to make a reservation, which it seems they are doing. The food is still amazing, with new items on the menu compared to the last time I came. I came with a bunch of friends, and we all had different items from the menu. I had the "Obama Bowl," which is a very solid, meat-filled vermicelli bowl (great for meat lovers). A friend had their tofu vermicelli, and it is a very well-presented dish, which I am sure is also amazing and great for vegetarians! A few friends had different Bahn Mi's, which are still solid (definitely adding an egg also makes it a bit unique); they also come with fries! As for the drinks, still a good selection of beer and mixed drinks. Since they are trying to serve and comply with COVID-regulations, you can't pick out the beer and have to order via the server, which is not that bad. They now have a QR code that you can scan to see what you can have to drink. Still recommend everyone to come here to dine and to support this local restaurant!I'm wild about the tamarind and tofu Bánh mì here, and my dinner partner absolutely loved her vegetarian phở.
Friendly, helpful table service, as well.This hipster Vietnamese eatery merges together a lot of worlds, which makes it a great fit in Philly. When my friend suggested it and I heard it was on South Street, I was a skeptical Viet. Nonetheless, it was closer than going to Washington Avenue, so I caved. Overall, this place has my seal of approval. However, if you're looking for a very authentic Vietnamese experience, this may not be it. 
First impression of this place is hipster. With communal picnic tables near the door and fridges full of craft beers, you almost think you're in Fishtown. My friend and I sat in the small dining area next to the bar, and we were waited upon immediately. Along with an extensive bottle selection, there are draught beers and a special cocktail menu. My friend was feeling bold and ordered the special citywide with a shot of citrus-y liquor and a pint of nut ale. From a quick taste, it was definitely an interesting combination... I played it safe with an IPA out of the fridge.
For food, we started with the tamarind wings upon recommendation. They came out piping hot and crispy in a tangy, flavorful sauce. They were very reminiscent of Korean fried chicken with a Southeastern Asian kick. Also upon recommendation, I ordered the Obama Bun Bowl (even though I wasn't that hungry) 'cause it sounded too darn good. With a generous portion of grilled meat, meatballs, and spring rolls, it was definitely worth it. 
My friend was actually really hungry and ordered the B&B combo. This included half a banh mi of your choice with a small bowl of pho - which I love this option for people who can't decide on what to get! He opted for a pork belly sandwich and mushroom pho. I was skeptical about the vegetarian pho, but kept quiet as he ordered. When it came out, I tried the broth and was mildly impressed by the flavors and aromatics. It definitely made me appreciate the veggie options. 
The modern atmosphere is definitely a nice touch. And it's great to see more diverse options on South Street other than bar food.I love this place. Great banh mi and great pho and great vegetarian options for both. Favorite place to snag a beer and a sandwich after work or on a Sunday for lunch.What a horrible experince! We were seated outside on what looked like an ironing board and little stools you might see at the Ikea childrens section. The food was unrecognizable. It you go there to find Banh Mi and Bottles quality, know that they seemed to change owners or something is going very wrong in the kitchen. Maybe it was Covid? The magic is gone.I've tried a bunch of Vietnamese places in Philly and this is by far my favorite.  We've tried almost everything on the menu, and love the pork vermicelli, shrimp vermicelli, tamarind wings, and short ribs.  Service is usually pretty fast, order is accurate, and everyone is super friendly.  What more could you ask for?Great food! Great food! Great service! My 2 friends and I came in for Sunday happy hour and everything was delicious. Our sever Kathy was AMAZING!!! She was super friendly and personable. Her menu knowledge was outstanding as she guided us to dishes we would like as well as helped us pick drinks we would enjoy. (Special shout out to her and the chef for the b day surprise).. I can not say enough good things about our experience. Go to Banh MiThe best Shrimp Pho ever.
Mixed with bok choy, portobello and enoki mushrooms.
AMAZING. 
The Brisket Banh Mi is amazing as well.The food wasn't all that great like I had expected it. I came today on Friday, January 22, 2021 at 3:40 pm  looking for a decent meal since lately the food hasn't been the same in a lot of restaurants due to covid so they're cutting back on products and the usual chefs left town for better pay(from what I have been hearing lately)anyways the banh mi had a Smokey flavor from being on the grill but no flavor just bland and the bread was extremely hard and the peanut sauce is just hoisin sauce with crushed peanuts which could use some work since that's just the lazy way to make it. It was 30$ in total for just two banh mi and and one summer roll which to me is expensive since the prices are pretty high but I wished they'd put some love into the food that's all.A nice little place with outdoor seating. The outdoor seating isn't the best, but it sort of reminds you of traditional street eats. The area is a bit loud with music blasting, but still a great place to hang out and eat with friends. The staff was friendly and attentive.
I got the Saigon beef pho and it was amazing. The first thing that hits you as the pho is brought in front of you is the fragrance. If only you can record smell, because it was bomb. Straight away the fragrance invites you in and gets your mouth watering. I'd recommend trying the broth before adding anything to it because the broth is extremely flavorful. 
The noodles were cooked perfectly and has just the right amount of meat. All in all the broth encompasses the ingredients very well to bring you a mouthful of flavor with every bite. 
This is an amazing place and will definitely come back to try their bahn mi since their pho is absolutely amazing. Everything is well worth their price.The food here was delicious!! We got 2 banh mi sandwiches (I got the tofu) and it was soo good, the sauce on it was amazing!!! 
Service was great, we ordered pickup and it was ready within 10minutes.
My only complaint and the reason for the 4 stars is it wasn't very filling. It was a thin sandwich maybe if it had more or came with a side I would have felt 100% satisfied.Thank you for being open for business during quarantine 2020. 
I loved the little note on the side telling me a certain sauce was for what product. It felt very homey and there was love placed in the packaging. The banhmi was full of flavor and the small Obama bowl was perfect, but just wished that I can pick my taste of noodles. The bun bo hue was flavorful, plenty of meat and spices-the perfect 5 star dish.
The pho was a bit peppery for my taste but if you love spices and flavor this is for you.The staff who work here are racist. Point blank period. My friends and I came here, ordered food, and had a few drinks. We paid our bill and were on our way out but 2 of us wanted to use the bathroom first. The other two left and waited down the street. We came out of the bathroom and a white female staff member approached us telling us we had to leave because someone in our group informed them that "someone in our party threw up in the sink". Mind you we had not used the bathroom the entire time we were there until that point and I was the last person coming out of the bathroom and there was no throw up in the sink, so obviously my response was "what?". They repeated "you have to leave because someone in your party told us one of you threw up in the sink". I said to them "no one in our party threw up in the sink and no one in our party told you that. We're also on our way out anyway, I can go grab the two other people we're with and I guarantee neither of them told you that." The girl I was talking to started repeatedly saying "ma'am calm down". My response was "I am calm, I feel like you're targeting us because we're black." They said "we're not targeting you because you're black. Someone in your party told us one of you threw up in the sink so you have to leave." I said "No one told you that. You're targetting us because we're black. We already paid the bill and are leaving anyway." We then walked out of the store and one of the girls who worked there ran up to me and said "we found out it was someone else" and walked away. That's it. No apology. No "sorry for harrassing you". No "we messed up and shouldn't have assumed it was you or someone you were with". None of that. Won't be back. The staff consists of all young white girls and one young black girl who I guess is their token. They were also being extremely unprofessional during our meal, flirting and clamoring over one of the guys in our group and flat out asking for his number.Love this neighborhood joint! The vibe is fun and easy with young people and families. The food is amazing! I've gotten a few different things here and haven't been disappointed yet. My go to every time is the short rib app but you can also get the same short ribs with rice. And you can't beat the half banh mi and half pho price. Great place to hang out at and grab a drink as well- but don't come and not get the food. You'll be missing out! The staff is also very nice and attentive to your needs. Love this place!My daughter and I stumbled across this place by accident and we were pleasantly pleased and enjoyed the food and experience we will be back again.. signed A foodie at heartI have been meaning to check out this place for a while and am so glad I finally got the chance to! I came here on a Sunday for a late lunch + a few beers with a friend and had a great time. The space is well-decorated and had great music playing (think: The Drifters), which made for a chill atmosphere.
I had one beer from the draft list and one cider from the bottle shop, and both were excellent! They have a good variety of styles. Food-wise, they have a ton of great vegetarian options, which I really appreciate! I had the Tamarind Tofu Banh Mi, which was so yummy and really hit the spot.
The bartender was super nice and friendly throughout our time there. Overall, it's a great spot with delicious food, great beer, and a perfect Sunday afternoon vibe!blonde., bubbly "hostess" / server was very sweet and attentive. i am not sure if she was just helping out the server or if they all did everything but she's was sweet. 
i got the veg summer rolls - delicious and good texture. sweet potato fries - drooling thinking of them. they're were seasoned really well and tasted good in peanut sauce ! and i got pork boa buns / boa buns could of been better ! my friend had veg pho and really enjoyed it. well be backPros:
Quick service 
Friendly staff
Cute outdoor dining area 
Bomb ass sweet potato fries 
Tasty drinks 
(I tried a seasonal drink and boy oh boy was it interesting. I rarely ever sip my drink but this was the perfect sip and chill drink. The flavors were sooo different? For some reason I got a smoky flavor while sipping it. A little tangy as well. And a little buzz at the end )
Cons:
I did not Iike the food. Why? Because my palate is at the level of a 3 year old. And there's nothing wrong with that but for some reason, my taste buds do not enjoy more refined foods. Cheap burgers? I love. A tofu and portobello mushrooms bao bun? Ummmm not so much. 
I recommend this place! Even if you are unsure if you'll like the food or not. It's nice just to sit outside and enjoy the weather. Perfect for people watching and sipping fun cocktails. I will be back to try more of their drinks and maybe even some tamarind wings.Pretty cool place with good drinks and decent food. 
Good drinks from $8-$13. The coffee old fashioned and pimms cup were great. They have a few beers on draft and a lot of different bottles to choose from or for to-go.
Grilled squid was just okay. Pretty forgettable and very small serving for $9.
Tamarind wing's were pretty tasty.
The salty seafood snack was not worth it for $12. It was so salty!
The pork belly bowl was just okay. Pork belly, bok Choy, red peppers over rice with some sauce (what? Soy sauce?). Pretty boring.
The pho looked decent and was probably more worth it (my friend said it was good).
Overall, I'm not impressed and for the price, not sure I'm dying to return. 
Great service though and chill place. May come back for a drink and a snack.U know - people come to Philly for the cheesesteaks and hoagies. 
When I'm in town - I always always have a banh mi as my first stop. And usually, I have my  #1 spot but I needed to meet some friends on south street.
So while my other half went to Jim's - I came here for a take our banh mi. The banh mi comes with fries and it didn't disappoint. This isn't one of those hole in the wall places where u can't sit for $4 but they has a create outdoor set up with lots of other entree options.
Get a Banh mi with extra jalapeños - plus when I'm craving this - they have Uber eats too!Best (Grilled pork) Banh Mi I've had thus far!! Gotta get the fried egg! Service during covid is another plus! We sat outside :)My friend and I were starving after getting pierced at Infinite Body Piercing (because apparently, piercings make you hungry) and rushed in here seeking sustenance. After being seated, I read the positive reviews on Yelp and found them reassuring we would be getting a good meal. Evidently, my rating and the rest of this review indicates otherwise.
I ordered the B&B dinner which allows you to get a small bowl of pho and half banh mi. I ordered the lemongrass chicken banh mi and the saigon beef pho. I was surprised by the portion of the pho; it was bigger than I expected. That's about as positive as it gets with the food. I thought the pho tasted mediocre and inauthentic. I thought lower of the banh mi worse. It felt as though little effort was made putting together the banh mi. My chicken was room temperature and despite not having very much meat in the sandwich, everything still fell out of the sandwich as I was eating it. Not to mention, the bread was just blah. 
My other main complaint, aside from the food, was the service. Our waitress seemed oddly friendly yet aloof at the same time. She did ask how our meal was and took our order with a smile, but she would simultaneously be having a conversation with one of her co-workers across the room or just not make eye contact in general. I'm not sure if I'm explaining this well, but I interpreted her behavior as disingenuous and as if she was just going through the motions. This probably wouldn't have bothered me as much as it did if I didn't already feel like the food was put together without care.
The ambiance is a bit dark to eat, but I imagine this is the lighting that is better suited to intimate conversations and drinks. I didn't order any drinks off the menu, but some of them sounded appealing. I can see the potential for the "Bottles" aspect of the restaurant, but I would pass on the banh mi and the food as a whole.Order pork belly banh mi through delivery and was somewhat disappointed. Although the flavors were there, the pork belly was thin and only had a few pieces in it, and a very thin layer of pate. There was too much bread and not enough fillings, and it did not leave me satisfied. If I were to order from here again, I would contain more meat and the pickled daikon, but I'm sure that would come with an extra charge.This place was great! Just went there this past Saturday around 6pm, they have indoor and outdoor seating. The wait was about 45 mins to an hour outside without reservations, but there's seating readily available inside. The wait staff was super friendly and attentive. The food! Let me tell you about the food. It was so so so yummy. I got a pork belly bánh mì and it literally just makes my mouth water thinking about it. The flavors were all there and all the veggies were fresh and crunchy. If you like bao buns, the meat tasted pretty similar, just different veggies and bread, so a different consistency. Couldn't have asked for the perfect quick dinner in South Street. The sandwich comes with a side of sweet potato fries, but don't think you're getting the orange kind. They'll be cut thick and will be yellow and don't actually taste that different from regular fries. Love that they served them with sweet chilli sauce on the side. My favorite thing was the price, they do take Venmo if you don't have card or cash. For my sister and I we paid less than $12 each for this! (Including tax and tip!!!!) Best bang for your buck.Food was great overall... with exception of 1 dish.
Packing can be a little bit better to ensure things don't spill.  Food was ready very quickly!!!  Would order again and would recommend.
We ordered banh mi sandwich 
Chicken pho
Kids rice and chicken bowl
Shrimp and pork summer rolls
Pork rice vermicelli 
Vietnamese coffee
Overall excellent
My first banh mi so nothing to compare it to but it was good!  I liked the fries it came with, too
Chicken pho - did not work out bc it made the person sick.  She has a sensitive stomach so I'm not sure if it was the soup or the person who consumed the soup... 
The broth spilled so that was too bad... I think it was the bowl lid it was packed in.  (Maybe it could've been wrapped in plastic wrap)
Kids rice bowl was gobbled up!!!
Summer roll was good but one was kind of exploded.... I liked the freshness of it. I didnt love the pork sausage but it was ok.
Pork vermicelli was gobbled up
Vietnamese coffee was great..... but it spilled over my banh mi.UPDATE!! I couldn't get wait to get home first, i had to write a freakin review right away cause we're so upset. My boyfriend and I are overdue for a date and since he's never been, I was hyping up B&B to him. Today was SOOOOO disappointing!!
Let me start by saying that they add 20% gratuity to the bill automatically. Even tho the service was the worst. I usually tip 20% anyway, IF they deserve it. Maybe that's why service was so bad?? Cause she knew that she's gonna get a fat tip anyway?? Yeah, idk. The server's name on the receipt is Michelle. I'm not sure if she's the one that took our order but if it's not, I'm sorry it's not you. Cause the other girl was nice & looks like a good worker. But whoever took our order, HELLOOO USE A NOTEPAD. Why did you try to just memorize the whole entire order? Obviously it doesn't work, she didn't even REPEAT BACK what we ordered. Same server came back to our table after about 5-10 mins and was like, you guys got pork belly banh mi right? Uhhh, YES. Then after getting ALMOST everything, I was still waiting for mussels. I figured maybe it takes longer cause of broth or something. BUT she came back again and was like, "are you guys still waiting for anything?" ARE YOU FUCKN SERIOUS. Yes!!! UGHHHH, frustrating and disappointing af. On top of this bullshit, the food was bland. NOT WORTH IT. The quality went down for sure. Definitely won't be back for a while, maybe ever!!
*Tamarind wings: crunchy but needs more sauce. It wasn't tossed well enough.
*Bao (2 per order, ok to order 2 different meat): we got 1 pork belly: it was good! & 1 brisket: also really good, tasted like handheld pho.
*Pork belly banh mi: disappointing. Overpriced & meat to veggies ratio sucked. There's barely any meat in there. A $5 banh mi from Cafe Cuong is so much better, for half the price! This order came with sweet potato fries. I didn't think it was possible to mess this up, but again, they did! It wasn't seasoned enough and the fries could've been cooked longer.
*Sour Guavatini: this was one of their drink specials. It was good but could've been better. If you like the Asian melon ball hard candy then you'd like this. It taste just like that & even had the candy in the drink. However, it wasn't sour. So false advertising there. I love sour and was expecting my drink to be sour.
*Lemongrass & coconut milk mussels: bland, not worth the wait. Definitely lack flavor. Took 2 bites and asked for a box for everything. I have to take this whole order home to reheat in a pot and season it myself. Probably more fish sauce and what not.
We couldn't wait to get out of there fast enough.
WASTE OF TIME, MONEY & ENERGY.
My Vietnamese boyfriend said we're never coming here ever again.I order papaya salad it' great .. order also phone to go I belive u not have walk 3 block I have to reheat ur pho soups that it not acceptable....The food here is so fresh! Tried the papaya salad, tamarind wings, Vietnamese sweet sausage fried rice, vermicelli with grilled pork - everything tasted super fresh and tasty. Drinks are an absolute delight - strong and tasy. Must try the East meets West, Ho Chi Minhattan and Lavendar Daiquiri. Will be back for the drinks!I recently found out about this place and put it on my high priority list. The reviews are all accurate thus far! We ordered a Banh mi, the bao buns, brisket pho and a fried fish special. Everything was delicious and light. Even with all the food we tried we didn't leave feeling overly full which can sometimes happen when eating Asian food. The Banh mi was perfect and a perfect roll which is the key to a good Banh mi. There take on the "spam" aspect was more gourmet than the traditional Banh mi but I really enjoyed it as I am not a big spam person.