Cocktails review only.  So first off, while we didn't try any of the food, we saw a good bit of it walking by and it all looked delicious. Now to the good stuff. First, the drinks aren't cheap.  You're going to pay easily 12 bucks for a cocktail. But what a cocktail. The guys making these drinks aren't so much bartenders as they are artists. Their attention to detail is meticulous, their knowledge of their ingredients is boundless, and their execution is flawless.  Ryan in particular knows his stuff.  Fantastic mixologist all the way around. 
The bar is extremely well stocked with probably hundreds of different liquors. We didn't drink wine, but the menu suggested hundreds of choices there as well. I only briefly glanced at the beer selection but the choices were there as well.   A quick aside about beer. If you're in a bar of this quality, don't order a miller lite. Seriously. It's like going to a Morton's or Ruth's Chris and wanting an Oscar Meyer hot dog. Just... don't. 
Anyhow, the wife and I stayed across the street for a long weekend and found ourselves coming back to this same spot for after dinner drinks every night. Highly recommended.First off the space is gorgeous, live the decor and the service is nice and efficient. The stars are for the ridiculous portions of food. One dish was the spare ribs and it was literally ONE spare rib. Laughably small these portions were, especially for the prices which weren't cheap. The taste was also not worth it. While I appreciate what the place is trying to do and I could see it being a great place to go if they address this, our group left still hungry and irritated and no one is itching to go back for a meal.The food was excellent, especially the steak and bread pudding. My drink was great but I only got 1 because we barely saw the waiter and never got the fries we ordered. It was a friday night during restaurant week but they were significantly under-staffed.Got to hotel around 8pm. Wanted a light dinner, so choose a starter. Had a wonderful pasta ragu, and since it was a starter it was the perfect size. Staff friendly, food came out fast. Atmosphere is loud, seems to be a meeting place for whatever crowd is in the hotel. Food looked good around me, big portions and pricey.We went in on New Years Day around 3:30 PM. The bar was mostly empty, so we easily got a seat at the small bar in the lounge. Waited 5 minutes before we got greeted. We were starving, but only the small bar menu was being offered. We ordered drinks and an order of french fries. The bloody Mary's were mediocre (wasn't expecting them to be amazing, but could have been better). The fries however took 25 minutes to come out. We asked several times why they were taking so long and it was blamed on the food runner. When they finally arrived they were cold and greasy. We were planning on staying for dinner, but instead paid our bill and went elsewhere.When you want to have a nice meal, but still feel relaxed. Price point is reasonable and the menu is rather inventive. All of the appetizers are delicious: barrata, rosemary fries, cauliflower...you really cant go wrong. However, my roasted duck entree was a little sub-par and I was not won over by the flavors. There was a lot going on on the plate - many different sauces, fruits, textures. Needless to say it became a little busy. 
For dessert I sampled the mint chocolate sundae which was average, but the bourbon maple pie was TO DIE FOR. It tasted more like an apple cobbler and I couldn't detect any maple flavor but it was definitely my favorite part of the meal.Great service, great food, nice restaurant design. Jose was an attentive and friendly server! The biscuits with brunch were awesome! Also, get the bourbon donuts! Nice spot.OK--It's Thanksgiving.
You're at a manly-man's upscale restaurant in an impressive Center City landmark.
Even if they're serving hundreds of the same meal, that meal should be exceptional.
Our servers were attentive, pleasant, and informative.
The ham sampler was excellent.
The three "pierogies" were quarter-sized Panko-encrusted filo leaves stuffed with creamed spinach worthy of any good Greek taverna.
With the exception of the turkey dressing, everything on both our plates was cold, dry, and unencumbered by taste.
The mashed sweet potatoes were an artistic smear across the plate.
The pumpkin pie was strictly from Mrs. Smith, and soggy, at that.
If only the entire meal could have been as good as the pear cobbler.
We might be interested in trying this place again, but not on a holiday.
So MANY other good restaurants in town....Hotel prices, food was fine. The artichoke soup left something to be desired. The bartender Kevin was nice and helpful.My boyfriend and I came here last night for our two year anniversary and we were very impressed by the food and the service. We both agreed that it was the best steak we'd ever had in Philadelphia. Our server and the water pourer were very attentive and pleasant and our water glasses never stayed empty. My boyfriend owns a high-volume restaurant in Philadelphia and has been in the business for over 20 years and we can both easily say that we received the best service here than any other restaurant in the city. 
Also our server recommended the pork belly as a starter and we had the walnuty apple pie and chocolate cake for dessert, they were all delicious. As someone who doesn't like too much chocolate the cake was the best I've ever had from a restaurant. I think we've finally found a place we will look forward to going back to. 
I should also add that the hostess was so kind to offer to take our picture as many times as we wanted and in our choice of lighting. Overall we were very pleased. Thank you to everyone at Bank and Bourbon for making our night so wonderful and memorable.Let me say, first and foremost, that I was pretty excited to try this place. My girlfriend and I had both heard and read great things and we decided to stop by one Sunday morning to kick the long day ahead in the city off right. Well, it turned out to be a bad start to our day. First of all, we made a reservation on open table for 11:30, got there at 11:30. There was a group of three girls who came in after us waiting as well. The host greeted them first and asked what he could do for them, completely overlooking and ignoring my girlfriend and I who were clearly there first. They were nice enough to point this out, which led the unfriendly - at least towards us - host to fumble around for a minute or so before deciding to seat us right next to where he was standing. A woman comes up to us after about five minutes, asking if we'd like water or orange juice. Mind you, she didn't greet us or introduce herself as our waitress for the morning, she just asked what we'd be drinking. After about ten minutes, the same host who seated us came up and asked if we were ready to order. Once again, this man never greeted us or introduced himself, so we still have no clue who our waiter or waitress is. Neither of them went over the menu with us or asked if we'd like to try one of their speciality cocktails. After placing our order, I had to STOP him from rushing away from us to order a cocktail. The cocktail that I ordered didn't come our for another 30 minutes. My girlfriend was never asked if she wanted one. The food came out quick, but her eggs were cold as was our French Toast, which was hard as well. None of the food blew either of us away, nor did the absolutely dreadful service or lack thereof. The waitress/host never came by to check up on us, not once, outside of ensuring me that the drink was coming out shortly - ten minutes after I ordered it and twenty minutes before I actually got it. Bottomline, I will NOT being coming back to this place ever again. Over priced, uppity, terrible service - what's the appeal here?I rate this solely on the beverages as I feel like it would unfair for me to rate this together  with the food as I was looking forward to the drinks more then the actual food. The whiskey and bourbon selection is top notch and the fact that you can get a flight of whiskey is a plus. I had a taste of a 25 year old aged woodford reserve and the taste was very rich and I would have to say one of the best bourbons I have had. I also had their selection of knob creek, jack daniels, bookers bourbon 20 year aged and also the breakfast julep cocktail. They were a great selection for myself and I found no problems with the service and the experience of the drinks. Overall if you are in town for some good bourbon I would recommend coming hereCame here for restaurant week and 35 dollars for 3 course meal was amazing ! The service was outstanding. My friend had some leftovers to go and the waitress forgot to package it up for us and another waiter offered to make a completely new dish so that we can bring the little leftovers we had home. Even though if it was not restaurant week it would be a little pricey but the service was good during the deal so I would defintely come back.Wow - this place was a pleasant surprise. The food was very, very good. We had the oysters, charred corn and sugar snap pea salad, halibut, roasted chicken, grits, and asparagus/fava/fresh pea side dish. Everything was tasty, nicely portioned, and well seasoned. The standout for us were the veggies - so fresh and perfectly cooked to crisp tender. Oh, and the desserts were also very memorable - we had the goat cheese parfait and the strawberry rhubarb pie.
As others have mentioned, the service was disorienting as there were so many people coming to the table and not identifying themselves, which left us confused at times. First, someone came with water. Then someone else came with bread. Then someone else came and asked if we wanted bar drinks and walked away, but never identified himself as our server, so we thought he was just a bar guy. It finally became clear that this was indeed our server, but it never really felt like it. He would appear and disappear in very rapid, abrupt ways, sometimes not letting us finish our sentence. Sure, he was friendly, but we have just preferred a smoother, polished, more relaxed interaction with the server, instead of trying to engage with someone acting like he drank 10 Red Bulls.
We will definitely return because the food was terrific. Hopefully, the service will smooth out as time goes on.A great little bourbon bar.  We didn't stop for the food, but only to try two bourbons we've never had, so we went strictly with the recommendation of the bar tender.  I wish I could recall his name, but he was very knowledgeable.  Even more important is the fact I was buying and I didn't want to break my wallet and expressed it to the bar keep.  My buddy loves the sweeter bourbons, so I let him talk.  
So he recommended the "best bourbon for your buck!" He set us up with Calumet Farm ($18) - bottled from hand selected barrels, Calumet has a customary mash bill of corn, rye and malted barley that offers a sweet, flawless finish. Glowing with butterscotch and soft oak, Calumet's harmonious perfection of wood and caramel is admirably balanced with complex flavors of light brown sugar and soft white pepper.  
Damn straight it was exactly what we expressed to our barkeep that we were looking for!  At $18 a glass, it was excellent.  
This how good this barkeep was - I told him to recommend something that has a bit of sweet for my friend, while accommodating the "bite" I enjoy in a good bourbon.  He recommended Woodford Reserve Double Oaked ($20) and he delivered! Only hell Batman, it delivered a bite that I enjoy, but it settles into a sweet mellowness that relaxes the senses.  
Ok, so I only had two bourbons and no food, but given the atmosphere, the barkeeps knowledge and his willingness to be a part of our experience, making it about us more than anything else, coupled with attentiveness, I;m going 5-Ass Stars! 
We simply had a great night.Went for restaurant week. Small portions and overpriced. Some food was nicely seasoned and others options were not. Probably won't go back againMy wife and I stopped in on St Patrick's day for a late dinner last night.  I have been here before but had not reviewed the restaurant.
The service is great. The food is solid.  This is my third visit and the food is consistently fantastic.  I hesitate to give it one more star because it is a hotel restaurant, and as such, it tends to attract business travelers and people just looking for a quick meal.  The menu caters to that crowd.  Having said that, the food is carefully prepared and the drinks are crafted with care.  The bourbon, rye and whiskey list is extensive.  My wife splurged and had a hard-to-find glass of Whistle Pig Boss Hog that was as tasty as some of the best single malt or craft bourbons out there today (it hails from VT).
The steak was expertly cooked and the service was prompt and attentive.  The bar is long and seats many diners (we enjoy eating at the bar vs getting a table).  It can be loud (there were many convention attendees there) but not overwhelming (the space is large but not cold.  It's thoughtfully designed).
Overall, a good dining experience and an excellent place to grab a unique drink.Everything about Bank and Bourbon was amazing! Truly the best service I have had. The food was exceptional. I had the cheese platter and the salmon. My server Kirk was excellent. I cannot wait to return to Philadelphia just to eat here again.Business lunch.  Crispy chicken sandwich was ok and parmesan fries were delicious.  But the real winner was the blueberry pie!Really enjoyed my first time at Bank & Bourbon. The service was timely and friendly, and the food was pretty good. The atmosphere is nice; when we went  (6:30 PM on a Sat) it was a little empty although attendance picked up quickly throughout the evening. I really enjoyed the Taste of Ham appetizer. Additionally I tried the heirloom salad and chives roasted mushrooms, both of which were yummy but not my absolute favorite. I thought the dishes were a little too pricey for the quality but certainly not a large discrepancy. I will be going back at some point, if not for anything but the ham!With all that CC Philadelphia has to offer in terms of F&B, unless you are staying at the Loews and looking for a nightcap, the atmosphere is typical of a hotel, as are the prices. Although, for something spectacular, go to the top of the hotel for a beautiful view of the city!While there several good reviews on this restaurant my wife and I were sorely disappointed.  We started with a cocktail which were ok. My wife ordered the crispy meatballs that were less than ordinary and I ordered the butter salad and grilled octopus. It took 40 minutes for our main course to arrive. While the salad was good the octopus was over cooked and tough. I wanted to order a glass of wine but it took 15 minutes before we came across our waiter. I asked to see the wine list and he was gone for 10 minute and had no list. Rudely he said we have red and white. You've got to be kidding me - the rates up there with one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life, 2 parts for food 5 parts for serviceI came here with a few friends over the weekend and had a fantastic dinner. The staff was amazing, and the food was really flavorful! Definitely recommended for anyone living in or visiting Philly. Atmosphere is great, and so was the wine!We were just there and their oyster selection today is excellent. It's a must if you are into them. Cheese and ham plates outstanding also. Nice bourbon and whiskey selection also.My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Bank & Bourbon a couple of Saturdays ago along with a group of friends and the meal was excellent.  The general manager, Alex Amato, was top notch, always making sure that our large group never wanted for anything.  The food was on par with some of the best in the city - inventive and delicious. Some of the standouts, in particular, were the pierogies, the cheese and charcuterie boards (goat butter -- delicious!), the pear salad, the lamb dish and the salmon.  My husband shared the Cowboy Steak for two with another friend and it was cooked to perfection.  The cookie platter was so large, we were able to take home treats to our children.  The decor of the restaurant was trendy and had a cool vibe -- definitely did not feel like you were in a hotel restaurant, which was a major plus.  I highly recommend this restaurant -- a very welcome addition to an otherwise uninspiring part of town.Best meal I've had all week! Start with the Taste of Ham - the tenderly thin slices melt in your mouth! Second course: Skuna Bay Salmon cooked to perfection (medium rare) with sweet potato purée. I like sweet and easy whiskeys so I went with the Angel's Envy - excellent recommendation by Greg, bartender extraordinaire! Great service, superb meal!I have this one star because the water was drinkable.
The eggs Benedict was cold and soggy. The coffee was abysmal.Came here for dinner for my birthday which also coincided with restaurant week.
For restaurant week it seems to be a value but I'm not sure that I would visit here otherwise.
I came on a Wednesday night and I felt a little out of place being almost surrounded by business people.  Not my scene but entertaining to a degree to people watch.  The service was great. So with the beverages flowing, I was very much allowed to.
THE APPETIZER: Tuna Tartare was quite delicious!  I always enjoy how people take on their tuna tartare and this did not disappoint.  I remember it being just a bit spicy though.  I enjoyed the contrast in textures from the crisps and the furikake.
THE ENTREE: Not a regular menu item.  I had trout that was accompanied by root vegetables.   Pretty traditional flavors.  The dish let the veggies speak for themselves.  I was surprised that I would enjoy this meal without any sort of comfort carb.
THE DESSERT: Chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream.  Pretty rich which I liked but definitely not something I could finish eating by myself.  My boyfriend didn't want any, so I somehow had to find a way to persevere.Service was good but the food was mediocre.  They ran out of food on a holiday weekend.  How do you run out of the tomahawk cut, strip steaks and porkchops? I was told that they ran out of my entree, then they come back and said yes they have it.  Then the manager tells me they don't have it and he was willing to pay my meal.  I appreciated the gesture but my steak was coming.  Once it arrived it wasn't cook to my liking or favored to it.  I did want to return  it because they don't have want I wanted to eat.  It was an expensive cut of meat that I could of made at home.  Other then that they have a good selection for kids menus. I should of ordered from  the kids menu.  Will I go back here, probably not.Great atmosphere and service! The cocktails were all delicious and very unique. I had the Secret Knock and the Oopsie Daisy and was definitely pleased! I highly suggest the Goat Cheese Parfait for dessert; I cannot stop day dreaming about it! Delish!The service was timely and polite. Food was delicious! The drinks strong. I highly recommend this restaurant for a casual fine dining experience.Wholly unimpressed with the hostess and reservation staff.  For such a trendy and expensive spot, they have amateurs running the hostess stand. 
I made a reservation weeks in advance for thanksgiving. We not only had trouble confirming the reservation but also encountered odd behavior and service upon arrival. 
Once we were seated we had great service and a fairly delicious meal. The food was definitely edging on trendy modern cuisine. I had prosciutto wrapped pirogues, salmon, and a fruit tart available on the $49 prefixed menu. 
Was the meal worth the $49? No. But the food was very good and the trendy southern chic decor didn't hurt.Located in America's first international style sky scraper, the Loew's Hotel is stacked above this lovely restaurant & bar. It's called "Bank" and Bourbon after its former life as Philadelphia Saving Fund Society, America's first savings bank. (It's Philadelphia, so, y'know--lots of firsts.) Breakfast is my favorite menu here--fantastic (really) omelettes & delicious pancakes. Lunch & dinner offer a solid array of full entrees and small plates that changes seasonally, as well as an insanely wide range of bourbon. Their servers know bourbon in depth and will describe it to you in a lively way, then help you choose a good one. Impressive.We stayed at the Loews and ventured down to bank and bourbon for dinner and drinks.  The staff seemed friendly and efficient. The drink menu  has a lot of whiskey and bourbon drinks but not a lot of other liquors. The signature drinks were very good, also not a lot to choose from. I had the oopsie daisy, it was a nice summery drink.  This is a new establishment so the drinks menu will probably grow over the summer time. However the food was very good we were all happy with our choices. The pork chop was tender and juicy alone it the half chicken dish. The salad I ate had a little spice kick with pecans so it was an interesting mix. The prices are on the high side but at least there was quality and quantity involved with the meals.Dropped in for lunch. Interior of restaurant is nice and service was very friendly. Tuna tartar for an appetizer had a great flavor. The tuna was a bit mushy, though. It should have been more firm. Main course was the dry aged burger. The presentation looked great. Nice thick burger with some Parmesan fries. I ordered the burger medium well; it looked to be cooked at that temp. The burger was a bit dry and had a slight iron after taste. Could have just been bad luck, because this build should have been delicious. The fries were very good. Crisp warm and seasoned perfect.There's no other restaurant in the city that can compete with the ambiance in Bank & Bourbon. Straightforward, enticing, and flavorful dishes prepared with an obvious attention to detail.  Menu changes a bit with the seasons, staff is friendly, and the drinks are always perfectly crafted! Keep it up!Ate breakfast here and was pleasantly surprised all around with my experience. The ambiance is clean, warm, and welcoming. The food is farm to table and healthy. I have been trying to stick to the ol' resolutions I made this New Year by eating better and eating more veggies. When I'm home, this means it's green smoothies in the morning for me. After being on the road for quite some time, I was desperate for a green smoothie and veggies. Although not on the menu, they were awesome enough to make one for me and even asked what vegetables I wanted and what I wanted to avoid. This was above and beyond and I'm just so appreciative to find a restaurant that will provide foods that are delicious, healthy, and actually good for you. In addition to the green smoothie I also ordered two eggs that were cooked perfectly and mixed fruit that was amazingly good...none of that pre sliced fruit that's been sitting in preservatives. A tasty, healthy option with a menu broad enough to accommodate those who also want meals that feel liked calorie splurges.Went here for a bachelorette dinner, what a great experience. They brought us complimentary champagne to start off with and toast the bride to be. The service was amazing, as was the food. Definitely recommend and will be back again.I had reservations at B&B on a Saturday night for my birthday. We arrived around 8pm, and were almost immediately seated, the table was near the door, and because there was a chilly draft coming in, the hostess accommodated us by re-seating us, which was really nice.
The restaurant was somewhat busy, but not a full house.  Someone came to offer us water and bread, but our waiter didnt come until about 10-15 minutes.  While we were mulling over the menu, we have him our appetizer and cocktail order.  After about 40 minutes, and no check in from the waiter, we asked him what was going on with our cocktail order? I mean, my husband ordered a scotch and I ordered a cosmo, it shouldnt have taken 40 minutes. The waiter then ran back to the bar and came back within 2 minutes, and apologized. Another 10 minutes passed, and we received my husbands 1st course order (i didnt have anything), and then about 30 minutes later we relieved our dinners. (an hour and 20 minutes after we were seated). We then ordered dessert, because hey it was my birthday! We didnt think it would take long, but that took at least 20 minutes to recieve. My husband was very disappointed as was I with the service time.  
on the some of the good stuff. The Ambiance, is really nice, and my steak was incredible. It was delicious, but thats the only good thing I have to say about the place. It took us 2 hours to get out from the time we sat down, to the time we received our check.
I understand sometimes restaurants get busy, but hey... don't let a customer wait 40 minutes for a drink. We would have order at least 2 more while we were there. The waiter did not comp anything... the birthday dessert nor the 40 minutes delayed drink, which were were not banking on, however, it would have been nice customer service, and probably would have had us come back again with a clean slate.
There are a lot of steak places in teh city which are great. Lolita, Del Friscos, Ocean Prime are among them, and with MUCH better service.So, I was unimpressed by Bank & Bourbon. I went here the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and they were out of the top two things that I wanted from the menu (the scallops looked incredible, so I may have to go back when they are back in stock and update the review). 
We had a nice dinner, with relatively inattentive service. After ordering drinks (The Afterthought cocktail should not be its namesake, don't hesitate to order that beauty), it took a while to get them and then an even longer time to get out waitress' attention to order. 
Ambience wise, this place is very trendy despite being inside a hotel. The restaurant is pretty dimly lit and there are a few types of tables with different seating options like couch loungers. It seems good for groups as well.
For dinner, I had the Bronzino with roasted vegetables. It's a whole fish, but you  have the option of removing the head when served, which I requested. It was really buttery and rich. I couldn't finish it because I am not used to that amount of butter. The roasted veggies were pretty oily as well. My friend had the ahi tuna appetizer and a Brussel sprout salad as her dinner and she liked it. 
All in all, there are very few options for vegetarians, and some of the fish items even have bacon grease, so it's even tough for pescatarians. I am not anxious to recommend.Went for brunch on a Sunday morning and was pleased with the selection. We ordered the Bourbon Doughnuts as an appetizer to split which I highly recommend. The egg white fritatta was average, but enjoyed the greens it came with. The blueberry sour cream pancakes were wonderfully fluffy and tasty. Cocktails were great- not too strong but getting your money's worth. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Would definitely go back!Terrible value. Half-decent food, but it's clear you're paying prices of a hotel lobby's restaurant. Might be worth visiting if just for cocktails or if someone else pays. Spend your own money on better food.this review pertains to happy hour only, we didn't dine there, found this listed in a place of top Philly happy hours, Not. The only food offered was a piece of ham on bread for $6. Drink menu was interesting, but only four choices. They need to step it up, at least put some peanuts on the bar. Maybe that's why there were four people there on a Friday night at 5 pm!Got the cheese plate, fries, and a mule.  The cheese plate was ho-hum.  Fries were decent but it would have been nice to get more of the rosemary flavor throughout.  I make better mules at home.  Service was _extraordinarily_ slow.
Parking at the attached Loews garage was $10.  They told us we had a 2-hour limit and we were there for maybe 2.5 hours but had zero issues.I dined here tonight and was extremely disappointed with my experience especially since I dined here the previous evening and had a stellar experience. Our waiter was extremely rude and curt. While I have waited tables in my past and understand "being in the weeds", it is absolutely unacceptable to have a server snatch your entree from in front of you for bringing the wrong salad followed by a rude explanation. The manager was very kind to apologize and comp a few items off of our bill but as this hotel is slotted for our company travel it makes it very convenient to dine downstairs but needless to say, I will never dine in this establishment again and I am sure my colleagues also will not because after a long day of meetings this is not the service we would like to receive. I was shocked to receive this type of service. I will say that the hotel does have a great chicken salad that you can order from room service and avoid  the resturant.For a hotel restaurant, Bank and Bourbon was great. Our party didn't want to venture out too far near checkout time so we headed to this restaurant and had a solid breakfast. I ordered the corned beef hash and eggs which was less of corned beef hash and moreso diced potatoes with a few bits of diced corned beef. It was good but wasn't what I was expecting. I liked the decor and service here.A great dining experience. The food was excellent and the service fantastic. It is a beautiful restaurant and we intend to go there regularly.We had several meals at the restaurant the week of June 4th. Breakfast was good but nothing special and quite pricey. However the burger, crispy chicken sandwich and parmesan fries were all well done and priced. For dinner one night we had the ham board which was incredible. The cheese board was also good but not quite as remarkable. The seared duck breast was excellent as was the fillet mignon. Service was very good.
There are many good restaurants in walking distance but when time is short or when you are too tired to venture out, this is hotel restaurant is a step of most I've eaten at.Yummy midday meal! I came at the mid point between lunch and dinner so the menu was limited, especially for vegetarians. However, the menu items I ordered were superb! The butter lettuce salad was simple but inventive and delightfully yummy with rainbow radishes and creamy dressing. The cheese plate offered variety and perfect sides of figs, apples, pecans and jam. Wish I was going to be in town long enough to try the full menu.Stayed over night at the Lowes hotel. Went to the bar to have a drink and some apps. Bar was not crowded maybe 6 people. Took him 3 min to even acknowledge my wife and I. Weak.    When asked about apps gave some choices very half heartedly. Weak.  We got the ham plate and cheese plate. Good. Did not ask his they were. When we ordered my wife's drink he assumed I wanted the same thing even though I asked specifically about the whiskey. Maybe he was just having a bad afternoon buy we did not eat there again during our stay. Good luck. Hopefully the service is better in the restaurant.I'm normally not a fan of hotel bars, but I really like this one. They have a great selection of bourbons, including my fave, Koval (which can be hard to find). And the bartenders have always given me great service. My fave is Gabriel, who is charming as hell and makes great drinks, but others have been good as well (including Amanda and a bald guy whose name escapes me). Food quality varies -- some dishes are good, others ehhh. But I do love the bar. The main reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is that sometimes the crowd can be annoying since it is, after all, in a hotel. But kudos to the bar for good drinks and great serviceThis review is based on cocktails only.
They were delicious.
The end.
JK I have a little more. The restaurant itself is beautiful though I was partial to the bar area, not only because, duh, its the bar.. but because they had this cool, comfortable, seating area with couches and a big huge TV showing football.  I had a martini and my date had one of their fancy cocktails. Both were delightful. The service was great as well, despite a busy saturday night.  For whiskey & bourbon people: they have a huge collection and extensive tasting menu....So I got here late, kitchen closed. Bartender said he'd see what he could do regarding a full meal. Well the kitchen staff took take care of me. Great steak. Great bar. Would not have bothered me if they said they were closed but bartender was on it. Steak. Excellent.I really wanted to like this place. I tried really hard. I fell in love with the menu and pictures I saw online and decided to bring my boyfriend here for his birthday as a surprise. We arrived on time for our reservation (Thur, 7:15) to an almost empty restaurant, score. They showed us to the front, against the windows, smushed in between a 2 top of two LOUD businessmen and a 4 top of LOUD businessmen. There were about 15 empty tables around us, which remained empty the entire time we were there. Okay, that's alright, cocktails will help this.
Our waiter took our drink order and promptly brought them back before he rushed away. No biggie, I don't like to rush to order. 10 minutes goes by. 15. 20. 30. He didn't return for THIRTY FIVE minutes to take our dinner order. Now, I was a server. We had placed the menus off to the side 10 minutes after we initially sat down, the universal sign for HEY COME TAKE OUR ORDER PLZ. 35 minutes. We ended up skipping the appetizer we wanted in fear that it would take us 3 hours to get to our main course. We also scrambled to order a 2nd round of drinks before he could go AWOL again.
He ordered the filet, I had the salmon and both dishes were great. The waiter dropped them off and never returned until our plates were bare. And yet, we watched him visit the two tables on either side of us many times, never even LOOKING at ours. I guess our quiet conversation didn't scream WE'RE IMPORTANT AND RICH like those around us.
When it came time to paying the bill, he dropped the check and after I glanced at it and set it down, he rushed right over to take the book back even though I hadn't put anything in it yet. I'm sorry, are you in a hurry now?
I probably won't be back. Good food does not make up for terrible service, especially when you're dropping $200.We had dinner Thursday and I had the Halibut and my wife had the fillet. Both were cooked to perfection. The head chef Tom came out and I complemented him on both meals. The beef comes from a small farm in Kansas. Very tender and tasty. Our last night in town we decided to come back. Tom saw us and came out to say thank you for coming back. He highly suggested we try the cowboy steak for two. We were amazed how tasty this large steak was and was perfect. Our waitress was amazing, Madelene. Knowledge of menu and personality that made the dining experience over the top.The beer is great and the atmosphere is better!
I had the taste of Ham and it was AMAZING 
Really cool place and a must stop in!!!Meal ordered: Duroc pork chop, market salad, and ice cream sandwich.
Pros: 1) Service was excellent here. The waitstaff were attentive, but not overly so. 2) The starter salad was also excellent and flavorful. 3) The ice cream sandwich was by far the best part of the meal. Everything is homemade in the restaurant with the exception of the bread, but this vanilla ice cream was outrageously good, and the cookie along with the caramel both made this dish perfection. The ice cream sandwich was by far the best thing I ate in Philadelphia during my four-day trip.
Cons: 1) The pork chop was very dry. The greens and sauce were great, but couldn't make up for the fact that the chop was tough and chewy.
Summary: GO FOR THE DESSERTS!!!! THEY'LL BLOW YOUR MIND!!!We stopped in for a nightcap and dessert and ended up waiting out a thunderstorm. Great drink choices, and they were well crafted. The  peanut butter and jelly sundae tasted exactly like a PBJ sandwich. It was enjoyable yet odd at the same time.Fantastic new restaurant inside the Loews hotel. Delicious craft cocktails . The staff and management is very professional tooStayed at the Loews for two nights and had food and beverage credit so we had breakfast/brunch here for two days. 
The ambiance here is really rustic and cute, and the service was pleasant. During the course of our stay, we tried the following dishes:
- Blueberry sour cream pancakes
- Sharp cheddar cheese omelette
- Corned beef hash & eggs
- Steak & eggs
- Applewood smoked bacon
- Smoked pork loin
Our favorites were probably the pancakes and corned beef hash. A lot of restaurants will dice up your corned beef so that it turns into a mush with the hash, but bank and bourbon serves their corned beef in sizable chunks. I personally think that I like it better this way because I was able to actually taste the texture and quality of the corned beef and properly enjoy it with their amazing potatoes.
Yelp gives this restaurant three dollar signs ($$$), which might deter some people away but IMO I think their breakfast/brunch is in the $$ range. Definitely worth a visit!Newish restaurant replaces the old hotel lounge on the corner of Market.  Dinner selections were nice but entree prices were a bit on the high side.  Pate appetizer was delicious as was the ham trio.  Dinner wine selections are a bit limited.  Lunch was also nice and served quickly.  The complimentary bread was very tasty and the B&B Chicken Salad hit the spot.
Thumbs up for:  taste, service convenience, atmosphereA block south of the Reading Terminal Market, this place is classy and upscale. I can only review the bar, but my partner and I were quite pleased with the experience. Both of us loved the brews and the "fingerlings" appetizer, which is small potatoes fried in duck fat and slightly broken open when served. They were amazing!
The atmosphere is great -- spacious with the right amount of light and a good over floor plan. I would like to try it again for dinner when I bring an appetite.Good, quality food.  We had burger,  duck special and banana toffee something.  Everything tasted good.I just held a special event there for a brunch, exchanging emails with the event planner as to time, tables, and my husband picking up the check for 3 tables of 30 people. What s disaster! After all my emails and planning with the event planner, the handling of the brunch was unacceptable. When the first guests arrived they were told that the brunch was at 11:00, not  10:00. I had been sent sample limited menu with no prices, but there were some prices in the menus handed out. And one table was given a check and had to pay for their meals. It was later straightened out, but the way the whole thing was handled was very embarrassing. I would steer clear of this venue for special events!Very frustrating dinner experience. This is the first negative review that I've left, but I'd like to prevent other people from having the same experience that we did.
The food was great, but the service was the frustrating part. I took my fiancé there for his birthday on a Saturday night. We both have experience in the service industry and are some of the last people to complain at restaurants. Our server and the bartender or manager were the probably the main areas of concern. Our server didn't greet us until about 20 minutes after being seated, after we asked a busboy to flag him. My wine had a fly in it, which I don't particularly care that much. A manager/or bartender saw this and got me a new one. Our server gave my fiancé a drink menu on request after his drink had been finished for 20 minutes, and then stood in a corner talking to a table for about 20 minutes and never returned to take my fiancés drink order. When he finally returned we asked for the check. The fly wine wasn't comped. I explained that probably no one told him and he argued with me that I was given a new wine so what was the big deal. This is when I said it was our first dining experience there, and it was my fiancés birthday. He gave us a free piece of cake which was at least half decent. 
Expensive good food, but the service negates that.Beautiful building, exquisite service and tremendous food. Highly recommend! Burger and ahi tuna were delicious and satisfying without being overwhelming. This place is luxury without any pretentious hints.Located in a nicer hotel in center city. They have a lounge off the lobby and a restaurant and bar on the other side. Decent beer selection but pretty standard and a nice wine selection. Charcuterie and cheese board was decent. A little pricey for the amount of food you get. Might be a nice place for a pre-dinner cocktail.This place was horrible. I asked for a medium filet mignon and it was so dry. I had to ask for some time of sauce and even that couldn't hide the horrible dryness and lack of flavor. For dessert I had the toffee pudding. Sounds tasty right? Wrong. My friend described it best. It tasted and looked like a glazed muffin that had been left our 4-5 days. It was so dry and tasteless. It was cold so the ice cream didn't even melt. It's Philadelphia. Go anywhere but here. Overall very poor experienceThis meal started off strong with the delicious asparagus salad. But then the main course was a disaster. The filet mignon was a nice cut of beef but medium rare showed up as medium well. The veggies that came with it were inedible and burnt beyond recognition. And some kind of spinach puree was non-existent. Service also started out strong but also became non-existent when "important" persons showed up at the table next to me. Took forever to even get the check. Went out for gelato afterwards to get the taste of 'dinner' out of my mouth. Sorry, but never again. Next to Kabuki sushi, this ties for worst meal in Philly.Tyler the bartender was everything you'd want when trying out a new place.  He politely answered all of our questions and gave us in depth descriptions about our drink choices.  He was attentive and on point with all of his recommendations all while looking exceptionally dapper.  I highly suggest the Secret Knock and the Overnighter.  The atmosphere was perfect with a very rustic/classy feel.  We had the pleasure of meeting two other bartenders Ray and Deon who were also very friendly.  Will definitely return on my next trip to Philadelphia.Great specialty cocktail selection.  The bourbon list rivals some of the best bourbon bars in Kentucky.  Had the pork chop on my last visit.  It was a little overcooked, but still delicious.Carrots good but cold which was unexpected - the yogurt that accompanied was great. Also enjoyed the short rib starter, almost wished I wasn't splitting it. Displeased that both filet mignons at the table were served charred on the outside despite both asking for medium rare cook temp. For the price I find this unacceptable. 
The half chicken was massive I can't even imagine what the whole one is like! We enjoyed the apple pie for two and the coconut chocolate layer cake. Server was sweet but soft spoken in an irritating way. Attention to water refills was good and the sourdough bread for the table was fresh and tasty.I just had a fantastic dinner and couldn't be more pleased with my experience here. Everything was delicious, from the appetizers to the specialty cocktails. I had the lamb plate & loved everything on it, esp the perfectly crisp belly. The pea perogies were another highlight of our meal. The presentation of the food & drinks was also beautiful. Service was on point and prompt. Our server checked on us regularly without being too intrusive. Despite the upscale & posh look of the restaurant, the service was very friendly and laid back - not stuffy at all. I would definitely come back!Service never stopped...everyone was there to make your meal enjoyable.  Great atmosphere.  Had the Lancaster Chicken & it was awesome... Highly recommend!  Look forward to returning!Bank & Bourbon has been around a few years now and never made it to my must-go list. I recently ended up there for a group dinner and had a solid experience.
Why the three? The service was on the slower side. It took 20 minutes to get a server to put in drink orders, and she'd disappear a bit throughout the meal. She didn't ask me if I wanted another drink until halfway through the meal, even when I had finished my first after the appetizers.
She did make a great recommendation for the cocktail. The Overnighter allowed me to have a taste of bourbon without committing to a full pour of strong liquor. It was sweet but had an enjoyable punch to it.
We ordered several appetizers- oysters, meatballs, butternut squash pierogis, goat cheese and potato roulade and a cheese plate. Half were stellar and the other half were standard. The meatballs and pierogis were the standouts. There wasn't enough of a variety of cheese in the cheese plate. I don't eat oysters frequently so can't speak to them. The goat cheese and potato roulade had a beer salad base that seemed more like tomatoes. 
The hands down best part of my meal was the seared duck. It had a crispness to the outside, fantastic flavor and minimal fat, which is obviously clutch for duck. I enjoyed the spiced lentils however didn't care for the root vegetables. The carrots could've been cooked more.
In lieu of dessert I had the harvest Zinfandel as my after dinner drink.
There were definitely parts of this meal to brag about like the duck, the meatballs, pierogis and drinks. However, with the Philly dining scene as hot as it is, you need to be the overall package.One star for the decor. My husband and I walked in mid afternoon, the bartender told us to sit wherever we wanted...and that ended it. We sat for about 15 minutes. Three other customers were in the restaurant. The bartender appeared to be doing routine chores, another employee was looking at us on and off while he placed ice in containers, and two people were working in the kitchen. We received no service, not even "sorry  someone will be with you..." We moved on to another restaurant, gladly spent about $80 on food and good wine...elsewhere. We live and work in Center City, but will not return to Bank and Bourbon. Too many great options to tolerate no/poor service.Dined here for Saturday brunch. We were a little disappointed to find that at 12:00pm, they only had "brunch" available. Their brunch menu seems a bit out of balance between breakfast and lunch. It definitely seemed more breakfast than lunch. I would be more interested in their lunch menu next time. 
Food was tasty and service was overall good. I had the Sharp cheddar cheese omelette with potatoes. My meal was tasty although I could not finish it. My husband ordered the Dry Aged Burger but wasn't really a fan...he said it was "too dry." The place was empty when we arrived and was still empty when we left. The waiter was very attentive and very friendly.
I would come back to try lunch or dinner but probably not brunch.Sat at the beautiful brown marble bar so as not to take up a whole table. The interior is so timelessly glamorous that I was wistfully looking at the window seating.  I could imagine in decades past, the room would be filled smoke and snifter glasses.
Was handed the menu for restaurant week and the regular menu. $20 for a three course lunch for restaurant week. Tempting, but I was too curious about their burger. The bartender was very personable. I got the dry aged burger. Oh. My. A little smattering of chopped Poblano peppers, some finely grated cheese, a cute little bun, and the burger itself... The meat was just so full of flavor. I don't think I've ever had a dry aged burger. The bartender says that they do all sorts of dry age and wet age here. (I'd never heard of wet aging, he explained, sounds like marinating or brining for a couple of days to me) my only thing is that the bun was a weird texture, dry and airy. I guess you need something light to counter the meat, and dry but holds together to catch meat juices, but I wasn't a fan. The manager came around to ask about the food. I told her fabulous, but did mention the bun. She looked abashed, and offered to have the bun swapped out, but I think it was more of the type of bread rather than a stale bun, so declined.  The fries were seasoned and crispy.
Delicious. Am coming back before restaurant week is out.Wow. Waited forever for an awfully disappointing meal. Breakfast has to be the easiest meal to prepare which makes it all the more surprising when it's done so horribly. Omelette was puny. Sausage was over cooked and dry. Potatoes we practically raw.  No BuenoBrunch with daughter and son in law today. I walk past often, since I live in CC, I did not realize the interior was so huge and well appointed.  My daughter was staying at loews for the night, and she suggested it. I was so surprised when I saw the brunch menu.  I had eggs benedict with salmon, daughter had the steak breakfast, soninlaw blueberry pancakes with side of corned beef.  The portions were huge and the food and presentation reminded me of one of my favorite NY brunch spots.  I plan to put this on my list to revisit.  Can't believe I missed this spot.  The brunch menu is fairly priced.Their 8 oz filet is perfection! I got mine rare and it cuts like a butter. I ordered it as a room service and it was delivered in a timely manner. It is also served a good portion size ! Def recommended!basic experience.  It seems like there is no direction here.   that being said, they had the drink that I wanted, available seating on a saturday night.   If its a hotel bare, I guess i would expect something a little more.  maybe more cushy seating or a bar in the middle of the seating.   but like I said it fit a basic need.Good, not great. The food is tasty but a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is nice but the wait time can be slow. If you're in the area or staying at Loews , it's worth checking out but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. If I could, I'd give it a 3.5 but I can't so I went with a 4.Love, love, loved it! Had the grilled octopus with charred potatoes, green tomatoes and slightly spicy peppers. Octopus was tender, not overdone, perfectly smoky. Then the Bibb lettuce with green goddess dressing which was not heavy. Finally the filet with mushroom, fingerling potatoes, and a little spinach purée. The beef was tender cooked to my request correctly with a nice char crust. Brown gravy on steak added moisture but didn't take away from the delicate flavor of the meat. I went near closing on a Thursday night. Restaurant was nearly empty. It was great after sightseeing and being w people all day. Sat off to one side by myself and enjoyed my meal. Wait staff friendly and well trained. Maitre'd came over to check on me as well. Well worth my money tonight!After a long absence, in the past four days, I went to Bank & Bourbon twice. My goal: to taste again its so delicious, so reasonably priced, and so amply portioned Taste of Ham (accompanied by hearty, hunky, crusty pieces of toast and delicious goat butter with fresh  herb garnish). Its three kinds of ham are delicate gossamer bands that have the smooth feel of silk as they release their savory goodness on one's palette.  An accompaniment of tea sweetened with honey and with a squeeze of fresh lemon completed the heavenly experience for me.
Yesterday, I came away not just still liking the Taste of Ham but absolutely falling in love with the coconut cream pie. I enjoyed so much the clean, fresh, and flavorful taste of the graham cracker crust, the subtle taste of the filling (the only improvement would be to add slivers of fresh coconut), and the texture of the cream topping flecked with toasted coconut. The highlight for me, though, was the pieces of toasted sesame brittle. This  contrast to the creaminess elsewhere felt not just like a grace note but an exclamation point punctuating this dessert. I liked it so much that I bought another slice to take home. [Update: Tonight, I bought yet another slice of the coconut cream pie.]
Last night, I also tried the crispy pork belly. The dish's fennel and citrus garnish was deliciously refreshing, but I think that it distracted from the crispy pork belly. The contrast in and complementarity of flavors were all right, but I think that the garnish, placed on top of the three pork belly pieces, hid these tiny treasured morsels as well as made the pork belly less crispy. I recommend turning this dish into a fennel and citrus salad, with the three tiny pieces of pork belly placed on top as garnish. 
The waitstaff were pleasant enough.I had the duck breast.  Dinner mate had the haddock.  Both were filling but not too.  Good service & handy to Market St hotels. Waving homeless man who wanted to join us was a plus.Dined during restaurant week.   The food was great, with the exception of the chilled potato soup.   It could have used a few minutes in the microwave.    Everyone enjoyed their meals ranging from steak, duck, chicken and salmon.  The deserts were grand.  I enjoyed the orange ice cream sandwich it was homemade and refreshing.   Service was nice and not intrusive they allowed us all to enjoy each good conversation and our meals.  They took good care of us
Recommend for a nice evening meal with friends or business dinner.   You can't go wrong.Bartender Ray I believe ruined the experience at this place went up to order 6 celebratory shots still had a tab open was just going to pay cash he took the $100 bill walked away put it in his tip jar came back and said that there were shots on the bar which were there before I walked up.  Then he just walked away.  Manager appeared and made situation worse she returned the 100 bill but whole time was smirking, just not authentic trying to resolve situation and didn't apologize at all.  Granted I was yelling at the bartender because guy straight up got caught stealing.  I left but what's worse is my wife retrieved my final bill and the same bartender must of allowed other people to order on it or just over charged us 700+ dollars dude would of made more on tip.
Let this be no reflection of lowes hotel which did a fantastic job with my stay and all their service impeccable.  I don't know if the restaurant is theirs.On Christmas Eve they have special meal at night and the fish is fresh and desserts are tasty! Nice service and nice area if u want have a good dinner u should try it.My husband and I thought we'd just stay in at the Loews hotel and eat this evening. Sometimes restaurants in hotels can be hit or miss...Bank and Bourbon was definitely a HIT!!! We started out with the Burrata, which was quite a unique appetizer. The mix of burrata, peaches, pesto and candied pecans were superb!! Next we ordered a Market salad, also superb! We decided to split a Bone-In NY Strip and had a side of the roasted corn salad and a side of the Chive-Roasted Local Mushrooms. The steak was grilled to perfection and the corn salad was deliciously creamy. The mushrooms were also a lovely compliment to the dish! As far as the meal...it was excellent, but our waiter Jacob was phenomenal! We were too full and passed on dessert. When Jacob brought our check to the table, there was a sweet surprise of Chocolate Cheesecake in a to-go box, what an extra special touch!! Thank you!! We will be back!!Really nice atmosphere. absolutely great service. The ham trio appetizer was quite tasty. Overall though, the food was a bit over rated. Although I was not totally wowed, I would not mind going back...if someone else paid.Good brunch food. Really liked my French Toast. The bourbon donuts were delicious. The staff was a little disorganized, but they were extremely nice.This is for the bar only. My friend, boyfriend and I all went there after a long work week to have some old fashioneds (which are very good). The bar staff wasn't particularly friendly and not very attentive. It took my boyfriend almost 10 minutes to get his second old fashioned and it was not even busy. The ambience itself is nice but there was an air of pretentiousness from the bartenders. I don't mind spending money on solid drinks every now and then with my friends but then I expect at least a friendly smile or prompt service esp. when the bill creeps toward the triple digit range for drinks. I usually tip very well but I was so thoroughly annoyed by the service that I tipped only $1 a drink. It was disappointing as I was planning on making that my weekly happy hour spot for nice whiskey or bourbon cocktails. None of us will be back (at least not to the bar). Philadelphia has far better bars with far friendlier and attentive staff with just as high of quality of drinks.Service was slow and it was not even crowded. Server in bar was bitchy, slow and non-existent. Food was barely fair. First and last time here.Did not disappoint! They provided a great meal. The parfait of chicken liver was amazing! The service was friendly and helpful. 
They were able to seat is quickly and made us feel welcome after a terrible experience at another restaurant.
The donut dessert was delicious. I highly recommend this place.I was expecting a lot from Bank & Bourbon, because it is located in such a central part of the city. I was there is with a party of five. (three drinkers) The waiter did not approach our table until 20 minutes after we arrived. Our drinks took very long to get to us, and he forgot about three drink we ordered throughout the night. The appetizer (oysters) was delicious, but it took forever to come, and there was at least a 45 minute wait between the app and our food delivery. They do not make it clear that there are no sides to the dinner, and you have to order all sides that you could want. My dinner ended up only being a piece of meat. It honestly wasn't even cooked that well either. When dessert came they forgot to bring our coffees, so we had to eat them with water. 
I was very unhappy with my visit. I was expecting to spend a good amount of money, but they money wasn't worth the bad service, and average food. I may return for a nice cocktail after work MAYBE.Overall I liked Bank & Bourbon and I would give it a 3.5 if I could.
First the good:
The service was quite good (almost a little too attentive) but it was not crowded when I arrived
The bourbon/whiskey selection was enormous
The pork belly appetizer was excellent, although it was on the smaller size
The atmosphere is very nice
The duck was pretty tasty overall, but I wish it had more of the accompanying vegetables.
Now for the not so good:
The pork chop was just plain overcooked and had no sauce to speak of
The prices were very expensive for what you get
There were only a handful of bourbon based cocktails on the drink menu
The food menu online was not up to date with what they were serving, the lamb plate that I saw (and that people had recommended) was nowhere to be found.
I would recommend Bank & Bourbon, but more for drinks and small plates and not for the entrees.If you like bourbon then this place is 5 stars. Great if you are looking for a bar. As a restaurant I give three stars. Portions were small for the price. And it's literally swimming in butter. Service was ok.The single star I was able to give this restaurant is for a 3 hour meal that I wanted to last only 2 hours at the most!!  Even though they are an American Gastropub, they deliver entrees a la french style according to the manager.  They don't serve meals until all the appetizers are done and the salads and soups are completed.  Problem is, they didn't fire the entrees until we were done with our salads/soups!!  We sat down at 7:30pm and didn't leave until close to 10:30pm!  I think they need to re-think their approach and stick with the american method of serving food...they are an american gastropub btw!  A couple next to our table actually told the server: "Don't forget about us again..."  Enough said!Surprisingly, the space here is huge.  Went for Center City SIps and snagged a seat at the bar.  Bonus - the cushions on the bar stools are super comfy!  Aside from the bar, you can choose to imbibe on the couches in the lounge/lobby area or at a more traditional table in the restaurant portion.
Obviously, bourbon is a speciality, hence the name.  For sips, they had 2 mixed drinks on the menu and these weren't just of the gin-and-tonic kind.  Rather, they were the fancy type you would expect at a classy cocktail bar.  I stuck with wine, but my friend tried a bourbon drink and had 3 of them, so you can bet they were tasty.  
There are several big screen televisions, so if you're looking to catch a game, this place may not be a bad option.  I'd like to come back and try the food and I'll certainly be back for more beverages!Upscale hotel bar with awesome drinks and serviceCool hideout for great food and drink! I wasn't expecting much and being from out of town, I expected your typical hotel bar layout. But honestly, the way it was setup: bar material, lighting, music, balanced food selection, and ample spirits, wine, and beer choices all melded together really well. Quite relaxing and a place I'll go back to when I just want some time to decompress and get away from business deals, phone calls, etc. and just have some P&Q with awesome food and drink.Great food and excellent service! Staying at Loew's hotel and had dinner and breakfast so far. Both meals exceeded my expectations. For dinner, I had a simple standby, the 8 oz filet and it was one of the best ever. Breakfast was really a treat with OMG melt-in-your-mouth pancakes!Friendly and attentive service. Love the new look except for the placement of the TVs at the bar? You have to be ten feet away from them to see anything. 
Cheese platter was excellent. Also had the tuna sandwich - it was ok. Loved the rosemary parm fries that accompanied it. Def a good place for lunch and seems to be a good happy hour spot at the bar.Sometimes you get lucky! Our first choice for the evening didn't work out and we were using Yelp! to choose a replacement restaurant. It was a busy Friday night in Philly and we were tired and hungry after a long work day... waiting for a table was NOT going to cut it... but choosing a restaurant because it is the least busy is a risky proposition. We got very lucky indeed. 
Billed as a "gastropub" I was expecting a little more casual and a little less expensive spot. I did not mind to find a very creative menu in an impeccable setting with an incredibly attentive staff. We shared apps... FOIE GRAS-CHICKEN LIVER PARFAIT thrilled me! The YELLOW TAIL was spot on. The STEAK TARTARE was only okay. The birthday boy in the group had The WHOLE FISH which was a branzino and it was perfectly cooked with nice sides. The other three of us all went for the special which was a SEARED DUCK. It was maybe just a hair on the rare side... but just a hair. The sear was perfect, the crispy skin made me so happy! 
If I have one complaint... I had an awful Martini. If you order a Martini ask for it dry. I guess they make them with the old school formula unless you ask. The bourbon menu is amazing... but I had started the evening with a Martini elsewhere and didn't want to mix!Went here for the last day of SIPS. The restaurant area has a very modern feel to it while still having a hotel feel. 
Service is adequate but our waitress had a bit of an attitude when a few people I was with wanted to split their bill. 
I only had a glass of wine so I can't speak for the food but the options they had for SIPS did not appeal to me.Not a good place if you are hungry.  This is an order of yellowtail (can you see it?...a piece of admittedly tasty fish the size of a thumb-drive, lying by itself on a rather large plate).  And it is pouring outside...the only place to eat in the Loews hotel.  This after I had told the bartender I was very hungry.Beautiful lounge! We arrived late anticipating the awesome menu here. Unfortunately they stop serving at 10 and have a small bar menu available. We wanted a full meal so the host was kind enough to recommend another restaurant nearby in walking distance that was still open. I was impressed. I'll definitely be backI always feel a bit odd sitting at a hotel bar in your own town, but the entertainment value is often priceless. I had a delicious Manhattan last night at the Bank & Bourbon bar.  The festivities of a nearby wedding reception rolled in late night, and it was comical watching a 20s guy attempt to lip kiss a 40s woman whom he had developed a drunken crush on during the evening - and perhaps dating even as far back to when he was a pimply teenager and he would find excuses to visit his friend after school because he had a hot mom. Said 40s woman was very polite, yet firm with him saying, "I will see you TOMORROW."  Manhattan - check.  Proper maraschino cherries - check.  MILF giving a late night Heisman to her kid's friend - check. Great evening, and I will definitely be back to check out the food next time.We had our first meal in Philadelphia here and it was perfect!  We flew in from AZ and just wanted to relax and not have to go in search of food so we opted to eat here.  The decor is very attractive and really fits this hotel.  It was restaurant week so we ordered our dinner from the special menu and couldn't believe the deal!  For $35/person you can create your own 3 course meal and you can't go wrong with any of their options.  The two of us had the ham appetizer and a potato soup, trout and steak and then the German chocolate cake and I believe it was a custard as the other option.  I can't even say enough about everything it was all so great!  The trout was served over pureed parsnips that resembled potatoes and I had never had anything like it, I loved it.  Steak was cooked perfectly and was devoured before I could take a picture of it.  The chocolate cake was cooked and assembled perfectly, not too much of anything and the other dessert was delicious as well and i think it had goat cheese in it?  Our cocktails were memorable too, I think we stopped in almost every night for one that kinda resembled a mule but with brandy and peaches.  If you are in the area I highly recommend stopping in for a drink and a bite.What is it with this place. Chicken sandwich at lunch, what a dry unseasoned mess. I expect better at Wendy's now. AND they run out of whiskey and don't have backup. Not impressed.Bank & Bourbon is awesome. In fact, I created a Yelp account just so I could give them 5 stars. 
I have had Celiac Disease for thirteen years, and I have never before come across a restaurant that was so attentive and accommodating at all meals of the day. From the friendly hostesses to the conscientious managers and servers to the meticulous and talented chefs, my entire experience was flawless. I stayed at the Loews Hotel for a conference, and Bank & Bourbon made sure that I was taken care of for the duration of the conference. They knew my name. They had my order ready exactly on time multiple times. They priced my custom orders very fairly. They made sure they knew my food allergies. It was a genuine pleasure to interact with every member of the staff.
The food was downright delectable. Each time I finished a meal, I couldn't wait until my next one. For instance, the Skuna Bay salmon was perfectly pan-seared: crispy on the outside and juicy and tender inside. The butter lettuce salad was simultaneously crisp and melted in my mouth. The tarragon, parsley and chives had a full-bodied flavor. The watermelon radishes and rainbow carrots tasted like they had just been picked from the ground; there must be a secret vegetable garden hidden behind the large vault in the Loews lobby, because I haven't tasted a salad this fresh since I was at the Farmer's Market in San Rafael California three years ago. My dad said he wished he could have their steak and ice cream sandwiches for dinner and dessert every night.
Thank you, Bank & Bourbon. If you want fantastic food, even better staff, and an open, relaxing atmosphere, this is the place to go.
My only regret is that I don't live in Philadelphia so I could dine at Bank & Bourbon as often as possible!Best drink in the city... seriously, you have to try the Secret Knock.  Don't read the ingredients - just order the drink, seriously.  Also ordered the oysters, would probably skip those here in the future.  One wasn't shucked appropriately, so I ended up with chunks of shell.  The donut dessert was amazing!  We were here for the Philly run and drank Secret Knocks 2/3 nights.  Service was always impeccable.  Definitely will be back!Chose this place for convenience only. And it was an odd experience. Let me be specific.
We were seated and, we got water right away from a very friendly guy. Still or sparkling? Great start! I was hopeful.
Then, I kid you not, 3 more people came to the table welcoming us to B&B, all as if they were our waiter. It wasn't until the 3rd guy came that we were actually able to order.  We had been sitting there a while at this point, and the place seemed very busy. Maybe too busy for us.
We ordered. Our starters came out relatively quickly, but staggered. My friend's soup came out late, like 5 minutes after I got my salad. And, delivered by yet ANOTHER staff. That's guy #5. Seriously.  
Food: market salad was delicious, actually. Fresh, simple. It hit the spot for me. Friend had the cauliflower soup. Well presented and she said it was deliciously creamy and flavorful. I also had the grits. They were awesome. Fluffy, cheesy, I definitely recommend it.
Guy #4 was a good waiter, but I was just confused at this point. What happened to #2 and #3? Water boy #1 was consistent with us and kept our glasses full. So, that was good.
So, I'd really like to be able to write another review once they get their act together. I was just confused, and I don't like that feeling at a restaurant. I didn't feel welcomed. The down to earth vibe you would expect from the decor, the food, and the small details of this place, is obliterated by the ineffective and inconsistent staff.Great restaurant at 1200 Market Street in Philadelphia next to Loews Hotel and across the street from The Hard Rock ( don't got there- over priced and super tourist trap).  Had the Local Cheese Board as appetizer-fantastic- 5 cheeses with crisp baked bread and candied nuts and fruit jam sides.  Then the Halibut with fresh beets, and root vegetables with micro greens and a side order of mushrooms - but not those canned button ones. These were fresh, several species sautéed with butter and garlic and super earthy and delicious. Full bar, great service and reasonable prices. Ask for a table by the window for "people watching" if you are alone or just want to watch the world pass by.Just opened yesterday (3/19/14). Not bad for their first day. Friendly staff and great service. Happened to dine here while in town for a conference. The bar & dining area is cool and the menu pricing isn't bad. Minus one star due to the soda being flat and staff not knowing the correct dinner time. Was told 5pm when it was 5:30pm. Kind of annoying when you're hungry and don't want to wait 30 mins.This is a great restaurant to grab a drink or some food after work with friends. The "Taste of Ham" was a delicious appetizer if you love ham (like me)! The goat butter was a unique touch that gave extra flavor. The salmon was very good as the main course. The drinks can be pricey. The cheapest glass of red wine I could find on their menu was $11; however, the wine was very good. Our server was informative and friendly. The atmosphere is intimate but fun. I would recommend this restaurant to friends, especially because the location is right in the heart of Philadelphia.Rating based on service. Ordered Ahi Tuna and beet salad. No cooking required and only 4 tables in restaurant. Why is my food taking so long?... Probably because manger, wait staff and hostess too busy chatting to check on my order. I even told bartender I was starving when I sat down.  Finally went and asked where was my food.  Oh, they didn't see order in kitchen. Bartender (I was sitting at bar) could care less and had total attitude about it. Working for online review company and couldn't believe how bad service was. There was one super nice and helpful woman...seemed to be only one that cared...they should make her manager.  I know hotel restaurant aren't always the greatest but this one, in terms of service, was woeful!We had only had cocktails at Bank and Bourbon, they were a little pricey but you are downtown in a hotel tourist zone so to be expected. Service was ok, we sat in the lounge area with big TVs. Good selection of bourbon and scotch. I was surprised that there was no nuts or snacks served with the drinks. I would give this 3 stars on restaurant alone but location bumps to 4.I was not impressed. The menu is small. We had 2 kids with us and no one gave us a kids menu (which was available in the lounge the next day). Server wasn't really wasn't trained on the wine. Atmosphere is nice.What a pleasant surprise! I had no idea that Bank & Bourbon had such delicious food! I went for brunch and started with the warm salmon salad. The beets, macadamia nuts and horseradish sauce were outstanding! The entree was light, so there was room for dessert. My friend and I split the donut with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce. WOW. Super rich and decadent. I am excited to go back for dinner!Met friends for Sunday Brunch.  Bank and Bourban is part of the Lowes Hotel.  Its decor is much like the lobby of the hotel.  Food was good, not great....just good.  What turned me off about this place are the people that wait on you and even the hostess.  The wait staff was aloof and acted like "can you leave already". At one point the server took my dish away while I had the fork in my mouth.  Could that many people be having a bad day?Great brunch spot! We had 6 in our party on a sat morning and were seated promptly despite no reservations. Our waiter was quick and informative. The coffee was fresh and delicious! We also had a round of bloody Mary's that were spectacular!! I had their Brioche French toast which was amazing!! I am looking forward to returning and trying out their dinner menuChecked out this place before a comedy show as we were walking by. Very limited menu options. Our waiter was not very attentive. After taking our drink and food order, we only saw him as he went to other tables. 
We ordered the Parmesan rosemary fries and the crispy meatballs to share. The Parmesan rosemary fries were just fries with Parmesan. We didn't taste or see rosemary. They were also room temperature. The crispy meatballs were stuffed with raclette cheese, kale pesto, and parmesan. These were decent but not worth getting again. 
Would not recommend this restaurant based on the service, limited menu, and food quality and taste.The ambiance  and vibe of the restaurant is classy yet casual.  The menu items are a little pricey. I wanted the filet mignon but my boyfriend and I decided to just share different appetizers. Got the tuna tartare it was delicious, remarkable flavor. The cheese and fruit platter and the pappardelle pasta with tomatoes and crab was amazingly good! Got pretty stuffed on these items. 
Enjoyed the rustic yet modern feel of this place. It's located at the Loews Hotel in Philly. Good for groups or for dates.  Reliable place to go. Service a little spotty, had to call the attention of the waiter a few times but still an enjoyable dining experience!I used to haunt this place al the Time when it was Sole Food. They had a great menu, great servers, great jazz band. I was set. And that all ended up going to hell. It was a shame because it was nice, but maybe it had just run it's course. It happens.
To Be honest, I didn't like this place when it first opened after the overhaul. I wasn't impressed by anything. Didn't like the menu, the prices, the service, nothing. Time passes, and on a whim with time to kill waiting on my train and being very lazy and not wanting to wander, I say screw it and go in for a beer. SO I was pleasantly surprised to see how much it had changed since my last visit. The menu was much different and much more appealing and the drinks caught my eye. A few visits later I am a semi regular. I still miss the jazz band though. The Secret Knock is a real treat of a drink and a neat presentation. The ahi tuna appetizer is a ridiculously good! The burger is good stuff. And the staff are pretty nice people as well. It makes me kind of bummed I wrote this place off for a bit, but I am glad I took a chance and gave it another shot.  
The big tipping point for me was the DNC. This place was SLAMMED and yet at no point did I have any issues with getting my order. The place was at no point dirty either, and the staff, while hustling were friendly and attentive the whole time. 
As much as I enjoyed Sole Food, whenever they had a bunch of people it was a nightmare. They wouldn't have been able to handle the volume of people and orders the B&B staff did. 
That's professionalism right there!
This place costs a bit, but it's worth it. Good service, good food, good drinks, good staff.
Nuff said.The service and the food are stellar!!! Our waiter Michael was great, just the right amount of attentiveness and (even better) made sure we were done with our bourbon before taking our glasses! I got the pork porterhouse and it was phenomenal! The parsnip puree was like butter and the pork was amazing! I even had some of the Swiss chard which I usually leave on the side. My wife got the scallop dish which was beyond delicious! The scallops were cooked perfectly and the accompanying sides and sauces were a perfect balance to the dish! 
For dessert I had the German chocolate sundae which was great but my wife won the day by choosing the vanilla doughnut. A glazed doughnut with a scoop of fresh vanilla ice cream and berry preserves...it was clearly the winner of the final course! 
I wish we lived in Philly cause these guys would have a table for us weekly! Now I just need to work off all this wonderful food!Oh man I loooove the atmosphere of this place...... but that's about where it stops.  Service is mediocre at best and there are not a lot of food options for a vegan!  The Green goddess dressing on the butter lettuce salad is disappointingly full of milk.  Fortunately they do have a vinaigrette option. Of course a hotel would not want to kill somebody with a dairy sensitivity though. I ordered the "Crispy Fingerling Potatoes".  Do not be surprised if they actually are not all crispy........... This is it, folks! Expect the bankin' career for this chef to potentially end soon.  If they don't give this guy the boot, someone else might need to choke down a mound of undercooked sautéed fingerling potatoes topped by about three actually wonderfully crispy fried ones, so crunchy and good..... which serve only as a fond memory once you realize just WTF you have ordered. A pile of oily kind of mushy, kind of raw (maybe that's what they meant by "crispy"?) potatoes.  as a notion to poetically transmit the concept of crispy. I am writing this mostly because I am super bummed out that I won't be able to bring my non-vegan friends in with me since I will always remember this experience not being so good for ME. Even if people say that the pork cheek or whatever is delicious... Why would I want to bring my friends in with me so that I can suffer again?Went to Bank and Bourbon for a work lunch with a colleague. It was the perfect atmosphere for somewhat of a celebratory lunch. I had the crispy chicken sandwich and the parmesean fries were killer! I think my favorite touch are the unique plates that are placed at each setting. This definitely adds that simple touch of a unique hotel bar, which is hard to come by. I love what B&B has done to the space and I think it's a great addition to the neighborhood. Can't wait to come back for dinner!While staying at the Loews hotel for my reunion we decided to have brunch here before heading home.  The restaurant was empty, and I mean there were only 2 other tables and 1 or 2 people at the bar on a Sunday late morning.  That should have been our first indication.  Given how empty it was, there was plenty of staff on hand, and 2 hostesses.  Sadly, service was abhorrent.  We constantly had to flag our waiter down to order drinks, to order food, for water, and for refills on coffee.  Not to mention, the food took forever to come out.  It's breakfast food, so nothing takes more than 10 minutes to cook, but we waited 45+ minutes to get our food.  When the food did come my friend's omelette was all wrong and she had to send it back and the rest of our food was less than great.  There are so many great restaurants in Philadelphia, especially for brunch.  I would definitely pass on this place at all costs.This place has been on my list for places to try--and glad we did! Came here for brunch today and this place is delightful! We both ordered steak and eggs--the steak was a good portion with a hearty share of well cooked potatoes, sautéed greens, sunny side up eggs, and a scrumptiously soft biscuit. We were stuffed! I couldn't miss out on dessert, however, and after much deliberation since they had quite an excellent selection, I settled for their sticky toffee pudding with ginger ice cream. Delicious, filling, and sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth. Service was quick and friendly although we did had to make several attempts to flag down the waitress for some butter and a coffee refill. Prices are within the $8-18 range and the portions were definitely appropriate for the price. Great location towards city hall, 13th street shopping, and Reading Terminal. Ambience felt more like a suave gentlemen's dining room, nicely decorated, with a good amount of windows for some good people watching. I would definitely recommend again for brunch! They've got some great staples on the menu enough to satisfy anyone in your party.I'll start off by saying that this place is a little pricy and the service is kind of suspect. However, being in downtown and being so close to many hotels (even in the lobby of one) the convenience and food outweighs those two negatives. I had the salmon and the fries. Both were absolutely delicious. The drink menu (although pricy) has great selections and the Negroni was great. I did see that there was some inconsistency in the bartenders because some drinks looked very different from one bartender to another. I recommend this place and also getting the roasted carrots. They were absolutely delicious.Just a solid spot for dinner and cocktails. Tried Bank and Bourbon while staying at the Loews hotel. They graciously placed my family of four (two under 3) in a open area for my oldest to catch all the sights from the picture windows. Food was excellent, including the foie gras - chicken liver pate, lamb plate, and honey brined pork chop. Only the tartare suffered from lack of seasoning and needed some acidity. Nice beer selection and obviously bourbon selection. Wish I had another day to enjoy another meal.I ordered the filet mignon with a side of french fries and my uncle ordered the duck breast with spinach. The filet was cooked to absolute perfection. It was so soft and delicious. The duck pairs perfectly with the spinach. Everything tasted fresh. The food does take very long to come to the table, so allow extra time for that when paying the parking meter. The bread that comes with the meal was delicious and warm. Thoroughly enjoyed our meal and would return.This is a totally unbiased, unsolicited review first off.
I can only speak for the bar here, we only had drinks, but it was an absolutely fantastic experience. The bartender, Kevin, was nothing short of hospitable, friendly and more than willing to answer the bevy of questions I had for him about the incredible selection of whisky and scotch they had. Despite the name of the restaurant/bar the general feel isn't pretentious whatsoever so you can dispel that thought from your mind right away. Kevin was able to suggest a whisky based on the flavor profile I provided him and was also able to recommended a few similarly tasting whiskies.
The drinks are well priced, although you have a few top shelf liquor selections that are close to $50, every price point is justifiable. 
If you are staying at the Loews I would highly recommend grabbing a drink downstairs, especially if Kevin is there. Would definitely stop by again for some 25 year stuff.Love love love! Best restaurant salmon I've had in years. So tender! Also tried the cheese platter, which was amazing. I would highly recommend it. My friend had the ham platter, with three different shaved hams, all were so delicious - and the goat butter served on the side was heavenly. I can't wait to go back.We had breakfast here and it was very good.  They have a kids menu -- and the kids pancakes with a side of bacon looked great.  My 7 year old cleared his plate.  My eggs were perfect.  No complaints with breakfast here - and we would go back.  Very friendly wait staff.Inventive takes on classic breakfast fare. The bananas foster French Toast is perfectly portioned for sharing. The egg white frittata was done eloquently with a generous portion of fresh vegetables. The coffee is amazing. A nice smooth blend with just the right amount of juice to get you going.
If you do go for brunch you can order classic diner style breakfasts not features on the menu as did the party next to us. The presentation of breakfast stalwarts was equally inventive and inviting.
They even offered us coffee to go for the parade without additional charge.my cousin's wife surprised him with a birthday dinner here. the turn out was really nice. super classy and elegant.  the dishes were my favorite part .... like this splattered paint on clay like hardware and the room the event was held, was decorated nicely with a few balloons. there was a personalized menu of options to choose from and was included at no cost to the guests. wow! 
I ordered the blackened salmon. it was perfect. the asparagus soup tasted way better than it looked. lol. I was really impressed with all the details even how the servers were dressed in different plaid shirts, blue jeans as their uniform. everyone was so nice, friendly and very attentive to all our needs. I was truly pleased with the service, food and overall ambience.I have eaten lunch and dinner here and loved both meals. I'll update if anything changes after I eat here a couple more times.Really like the ambiance.  Menu is a bit limited. Several in our party got the half chicken, Very hearty proportions. Delicious.   The green Goddess salad was really my favorite with pickled onions.  Unique dining.  Huge portions.  Attentive waitstaff.Pre- show dinner for two. Convenient location to Walnut Street Theater. Our table was next to the window, the service was attentive friendly and efficient. We started with an appetizer of oyster--clean and fresh--our entrees pork and chicken ( the half chicken was a substantial serving) with a shared side of Brüssel sprouts. The food was well prepared, and plated moist and tasty. Dessert was a house made donut topped with ice cream. Plenty to share. This is a is busy place on Saturday, reservations are a good idea, (I think more so in the summer). Philadelphia has many good restaurants, Bank and Bourbon is a good choice in the City Hall area .I ordered the bone in strip with a side of Brussels sprouts. The steak was perfectly cooked and the sprouts were were delicious I wanted to give this restaurant 4 stars but my only complaint is the food was not hot. Only one person in my party of 5 had a hot dish. The staff was so friendly and eager to please. I will give it another shot maybe it was just an off nightI went here for new years, some of the best food I have had in my life.   Definitely great!We have been here twice so far. Our first experience was just 5 weeks after they opened, and on a Saturday night. Compliments definitely need to be awarded for a flawless service experience for being so new. Everything was on point. Oysters. Best cheese plate and for a great price! Pastrami short rib is a must try. Late night bar menu does not disappoint.  
Second visit was for dinner on a Tuesday, still sat at the bar for oysters and a cheese plate, different cheese, but no less delicious. (I reallllly miss the honey comb accompaniment though). Opted for the cowboy steak and mushrooms. Thoroughly enjoyed all of it. 
We have now interacted with four different bartenders and many managers. All were amazing. Cared so much and checked in often. I suggest this place to everyone I come on contact with, and will be back often!The Food is good and the drinks are fun !
and conveniently located to convention centerI have been to this place twice and both times the service was seriously lacking. That said when I had a full meal there it was delicious, albeit with the same odd undernourished service, the anxiety-provoking opposite of the over-attentive and solicitous server.Liked the service and the cocktail. However, I will NEVER recommend this eatery to anyone. Why, you ask?  I do not like to be exploited. $27.00 for 4 bites of duck breast(granted it was delicious) with no sides is a poor value and unacceptable.
When I expressed my disappointment to the Manager, he could have cared less. The server, however, comped us a free dessert. I had already told her, prior to this complaint/suggestion, that her tip was going to be a FAT one due to her excellent service.The food is pretty good here, but the service is slow. Our server just completely ignores us.Came here for a Thanksgiving dinner. A very tasty 3 courses ran for about 55 a person. The salmon, trout, bread puffing, and pumpkin dishes were wonderful, my bf and I ordered a few drinks, which were also spectacular!
A must try is their "aging whiskey"- done in house!I would have gone higher than three stars on the food, apps were great (but smallish) and my Bronzini was good, but the service was soooooo sloowww. I literally thought they forgot about us.  We actually got up to go find a waiter to take our order, my wine took over a half an hour, at the end of the meal we had to get up again to find someone to bring us the bill!  Good food, but I wont be back.Nice looking place though the staff was a bit slow to our table (had to call someone over.)
Went here with one other person. Other guy had an entree and dessert. I had 2 appetizers and a dessert. Not cheap but I mean, the prices are the prices and it is a hotel restaurant specializing in bourbon.
Menupages should be updated, what I ordered was a bit different than listed. (I'd update this from their website but well can't load it on this computer.)
Two appetizers:  Pastrami Beef Short Rib fuji apple, some green sauce 10.0
Small portion of short rib but oh it was rich. It actually did look like Pastrami which was frankly shocking (for how short rib usually looks to me.) Apples gave it a crisp and there were some micro-greens as well. Flavors were overall excellent. I'd order it again.
3.8
Roasted Cauliflower* Salad goat cheese, sesame granola, petite greens, citrus vinaigrette      8.00
I know it lists it as Snap Peas on the menu but it was a cauliflower salad with very similar ingredients and the same price (maybe the page should be updated.)
The cauliflower was solid, good amount of nut/cheese/greens to it as well. In terms of the portion, it was fine for how pricy the place was. Nice flavors overall. 
3.4
He had a roasted salmon dish. Portion was fine.
Desserts: Butterscotch Sundae chocolate, vanilla and salted caramel ice creams, hot fudge, chocolate covered popcorn      8.00
The popcorn was a bit too soggy but otherwise, the dish was delicious and rich. Huge portion. 3.4
and:
Six Layer German Chocolate Cake coconut, pecan, bourbon sauce      7.00
Giant portion, tried a bit. needed a bit more vanilla in the bourbon sauce but otherwise, nice version of the Forest.
3.7
It's around a 3.5/3.6 but it was a bit pricy for how lacking the service was. Good food overall though, especially the desserts.
If I wanted to splurge a bit and I was around here, I'd be very tempted to order one of their cocktails or a good bourbon and have the cake with it.Great selection of bourbon. Food was not that great. Had the New York strip medium. Very chewy not a lot of flavor. Came out pre-cut and warm but not hot as should be. Would stick to drinking if coming here.I like this place - I don't love it - but I think that I would say the same about almost any restaurant associated with a hotel.  The atmosphere and service is great, but the food is a bit overpriced for what you get.  It caters to a hotel / expense account crowd - which makes sense being that it is a hotel restaurant.  When someone else is picking up the tab you don't mind spending $50 on breakfast which is what mine ended up costing me - - with that said though - it was very very tasty!We were pleasantly surprised!  We stayed at Loews last night because of the storm and needed a quick bite. They had their restaurant week menu which was a nice surprise. My husband ordered a salad and flank steak and I opted for the cauliflower salad and root veg soup. Everything was actually really good!  The root vegetable soup had a very pungent flavor and I couldn't taste the short rib at all and then I had his cheese cake brûlée which was average but those were my only complaints!  Service was friendly and attentive and the bar manager brought us a complimentary cocktail to "warm" us up.We recently ate at Bank and Bourbon with a group of friends and had an amazing experience.  We started off with several appetizers including mixed meats and cheeses. The appetizers were plentiful and very tasty. I shared the cowboy steak for two with a friend and it was perfectly cooked and extremely flavorful.  The sides of fresh cut fries and fried mushrooms were a great compliment to the steak.  
We ended the meal with several desserts shared by the table, including homemade donuts with fresh raspberry sauce and a deep dish freshly made apple pie ala mode. Needless to say I needed to loosen the belt on the way out the door. 
We had a great wait staff that was very attentive and brought drinks and food quickly and with a smile.  They were very patient and explained the menu and specials with clarity and confidence. I definitely recommend this relatively new restaurant as a spot for good food and good fun.  Ps. The wine list was exceptional.Came here to grab a bite to eat after the flower show.  Was told they were serving lighter fare which was perfect.  We couldn't find a table in the area they said to sit, it would have been nice for the hostess to seat us.  Anyway we tried to sit at a table next to the area of a high top and a server very quickly came up to us and told us we couldn't sit there as it was set up for dinner.   I guess they don't want our business as we left.  It was around 2:30 and we would have been finished way before dinner time.  
Oh well, their loss.I went last night during the pre-opening party. I actually thought it was opened and just showed up. Thankfully the manager was kind enough to let me have drinks at the bar (thanks a lot, I appreciated it).
Decor is awesome. Way way better than Sole Food. Really trendy and shows off the lobby of an amazing hotel and building. I spoke with Brian Bevilacqua, the on staff Bourbon Master. Really great guy and informative. He made me a milk and gin based drink that was phenomenal. The process that went into making it was fascinating also.
I ordered a "Bank for the Buck" also. It had ginger beer in it and fresh mint. Loved it. They have this cool locker program where you rent a locker and they fill up a barrel with the spirit of your choosing. Pretty neat. 
I am going to try and come back for dinner this Friday or at least this weekend. I have no doubt it will be as good as the drinks were. Very excited about this place and happy to see it re-open. 
Now if they would only keep 33 open as a bar...Solid bar within a hotel.  They do have an extensive whiskey collection and a solid cocktail list.  I would highly recommend their whiskey flights.  These were a good way to try a lot of different whiskeys that were all difference and came at a pretty good deal.  The bartending staff was super friendly and funny.  Not sure it's my Friday/Saturday regular stop but worth a visit and defintiely a whiskey destination.Fabulous roast chicken. Good, crispy potatoes and garlicky spinach. Brussels sprouts were also quite good. Very pleased with this restaurant as an in-hotel place to get lunch. Pleasantly surprised.Came here for Christmas dinner because everywhere else was full. Read previous reviews, this place was absolutely fantastic. Atmosphere is modern and cool, we didn't find it too loud. Sure it's a hotel restaurant but you forget about that once you're inside. Fixed menu was incredible, steaks were cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth. Everything here was great, if I come back to Philly I would really consider coming back over trying new places!Delicious Food. Excellent Service ;))
I stayed in a suite at the Loews and got a chance to try this lovely place out...
I had the Eggs Benedict and it was better here than most places I get it from ...so was the French Toast. 
I have no complaints at all.  If I stay in Philly again I would come back here to eat for sureThe service was extremely slow.  It took 90 minutes to get our meals after we ordered.  One of the meals was extremely undercooked.  When it was sent back, the server gave a defensive excuse.  The manager did come later and apologize.  Food was decent (once it arrived) but I won't be going back.~When we walked in the hostess looked at us like were unicorns. We wanted to sit and eat dinner around 9 pm. Nonetheless it was an awkward exchange as soon as we walked in the door, the hostess just stared at us and handed us a family meal menu. So we said can we get the standard menu as well, sit down and then make a decision. 
~A little bit expensive $100. For 2 filets (with carrots), 1 side of shrimp and 2 drinks. It was tasty. Waitor was super friendly and good. 
~Not a lot of choices for vegan or gluten free folks.Burger and Crispy Pork Belly were excellent. Highly recommend both.
Atmosphere is very cool and spacious.
5th star added for outstanding service, very friendly, attentive, knowledgeable yet not overbearing.Great bar! Great drinks. Great selection of premium liquor. Hotel is awesome with very friendly/helpful staff. Will definitely come back. I just wish that the snacks are a larger portion but was pretty good as well.This is a very good option for lunch I got the burger it was very good. I came with my dad and he got the cheese omelette he said it was amazing. For an appetizer we got the Bourbon donuts, those are also very good and we would recommend this for lunch or breakfast to anyone.Sat at the bar for cocktails. The bartenders were quick with service and the drinks were delicious! Very cool spot for a extraordinary cocktail.Came here recently for a family holiday dinner. 
If you were to ask me if anything was bad about the dinner, I most likely would not be able to provide a response. However, nothing really impressed me or stood out about my recent dining experience at Bank&Bourbon. 
We ordered the cheese plate for an appetizer which was the highlight of the meal for me. A variety of 4 cheeses served with fig, honey, grapes, and bread. Ordered the potato soup to start which was slightly bland and over salted ( for my personal taste)
Our entree was good. I split the cowboy steak (32oz cut) cooked medium rare (which they nailed - I get so disappointed when steak is over cooked). This was served with a small portion of fingerling potatoes with little to no seasoning and a small portion of vegetables. 
I ordered two cocktails which included an old fashioned ( my go-to drink that I judge all bartenders by ) and the trees knees. Both were OK but nothing to knock my socks off. 
The last thing I have to comment on is the service was very slow. Our server was lovely and polite but we went long gaps in between seeing her and at times had to wait for drinks (it was a busy saturday night). For my fiance and I this meal totaled $200. I just think there are better places to go for the money and better steak houses in the city. I may be cheap here but if I am spending that much money I want to be wowed.Great, elegant restaurant and bar with awesome atmosphere. Very welcoming bartenders that know what they're doing. A+Worst dining experience I've had in a while!!! 
We came here for Christmas Eve. My husband asked for the filet mignon and I asked for the salmon - both were grossly over cooked. They promised medium rare and both our dishes came out fully cooked. We pointed this out to the waitress but didn't ask to send the food back, wanting to be nice. The manager didn't even come by to apologize or do anything. 
Our desserts were also really disappointing... the cake was awfully dry and the cream was just gross. 
They only offered pre-fix menu and it's one of the worst dining experience I've had in a while that I felt I need to warn people about this place. 
Don't come here even if it means you have to order takeout Chinese food...Beautiful place. Went for happy hour... But they have none. Bartenders not exactly paying attention when your drink is done.. I honestly should not have to ask for another. They should ask me.. Will try it for dinner sometime, but not worth it for happy hour..What really gives this place the 4 stars is the service. The bartender that attended to me, Tyler, was great. He knew his stuff, and he was a really nice guy. I stuck with my usual cocktail, vodka and club soda, so there really wasn't anyway that it could be messed up. I stayed at the bar the entire night, so I wasn't able to try most of the food. I did eventually get hungry, so I got an order of the Parmesan Rosemary Fries and they were delicious. Top notch and most definitely recommended.Great food and good service in a clean and modern environment - highly recommended.In a hotel? yes and it was good and different....service from the bartenders and servers was great...that is, friendly! Went for drinks and appetizers....would be back!Really good food, great for kids. We were trying to just find anywhere in the area for a place that can deal with young kids. Compared to Hard Rock or Chili's, this was amazing. Loved the service too. Edgar was an excellent waiter. 
It is a little expensive for entrees so we just ordered a bunch of apps and they were excellent.Absolutely loved this place the food was wonderful. We had Filet and NY Strip. The cheese plate was great and the Oysters were good. Granted instead of cocktail sauce they had a vinegarette which was ok. Then the desserts were wonderful the blueberry hand pie was just amazing with the lemon ice cream. If you are ever near this place give it a try. Now it's not cheap but have eaten at more expensive with food not as good. Also the atmosphere is perfect for a nice evening out.We were here for a conference for 3 days and I ended up coming back for 3 meals.  The food is extremely delicious.  I especially like the grilled chicken salad.  I had it twice. The chicken was very moist both times and the salad dressing was outstanding.  And the dessert with donut and vanilla ice cream.  I was stuffed but I couldn't stop eating.  Must try.I think I ate here about 5 times during a 4 day stay across the street at the Marriott. My boss and I were in town for a conference in the Loews Hotel and ate here a lot since it was so hot that we didn't want to walk very far from both our hotel and the conference venue.
Weekend brunch/breakfast options are pretty limited. You get an option of a handful of a la carte items and then two buffets - a continental and a full buffet. The full buffet was about $40, which is overpriced in my opinion. I opted to do the continental because it was about $18, I believe. They have a nice selection of options - pastries, breads, smoked salmon, prosciutto, cheeses, fruits, and shrimp.
Breakfast options on a weekday are much better - I had their omelet and the steak and eggs. Both were good and I enjoyed them both. Lunch was mediocre. I had their bucatini and the sauce tasted like it came out of a Ragu jar. If you're in either the Marriott or the Loews and need a quick meal, I'd suggest only going for breakfast on a weekday.
Service was always pretty attentive and everyone working in the restaurant was very nice.We had an early morning, day after Thanksgiving appointment and wanted breakfast following. We were seated quickly and enjoyed la Colombe coffees and a cappuccino while waiting. The food was nicely prepared and tasty. Out coffees were refilled often and David, our waiter, provided steaming to go cups as we paid the bill! David was excellent!For a hotel restaurant/bar, this place is pretty great. I'm a huge fan of their spectacular bartenders (do they have a policy to only hire dark haired, bearded hotties?) and the ambiance which changes every night depending on the hotel's guests. On the menu the filet is superb but so is the crispy pork belly if you're not as hungry. I tried the salmon tonight to mix it up and it was well balanced and perfectly cooked. The bread and butter is super choice. If you love bourbon their selection is admirable and the old fashioned made by Ray is sipping perfection. Say hi to Ryan and Tyler if Ray isn't there - regardless of who you see you'll be taken care of which is what keeps me coming back to the Loews for my monthly Philly visits even when I have other options.What a great opportunity to try out this place for lunch during Restaurant Week 2017 Winter Edition. I always wanted to come here before but I was on a budget. This is a formal restaurant attached to the Loews Hotel. For $20/per person, what I had would have cost more during regular times. It was a great deal for the selections I had. All the staff was attentive to my needs. They were informative when in comes to their menus. I will definitely return back in the future and recommend my friends to try out this place.Great bourbon selection. Has the good cherries so I ordered an old fashioned. I asked if he could do a smokey one and what bourbon he recommended. He couldn't do a smokey and kept it simple, man of few words. The ambiance was nice - there weren't many people - we were attended to - so it was good. Didn't see the food menu but would like to go back again!This restaurant was very good. It didn't blow me away. The interior was trendy and modern. The menu has plenty of range but not enough staples to back up all the fancy. Don't get me wrong - I love the fancy, trendy dishes. We ordered a few appetizers. The fried meatballs were amazing! Meat and cheese inside!! Short rib was tender. I ordered the duck for dinner. Cooked to perfection. Tender and flavorful. We ordered 3 desserts because none of us could decide. The latte ice cream that came with the mocha cake was phenomenal. Tasted just like a La Columbe draft latte. Ice cream sandwich was amazing and the finally - the vanilla donut may have been my favorite. I love desserts a lot.Visiting and found this magnificent place, food was great and our service is excellent. Can't go wrong here.Reviews only for the bar. Pricy but worth it.. Nice stiff drinks! They make a mean Manhattan here... Great ambianceNice atmosphere... That's about it. Food was sad, service subpar and over priced. Crap, a fernet cost me amongst 14 dollars here. It's around $7, everywhere else in the world. Do not recommend, unless you have no other options.This place was truly remarkable! I took my boyfriend for his birthday and he was able to do 2 different flight, one of Rye and one of Whiskey.  Our waiter provided us with excellent service and helped us pick an amazing meal! The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the time it took between each course or even getting our drinks.  Other then that, the ambiance, food and drinks were amazing!We dined here for Thanksgiving dinner.  I have added pics of the dinner and the menu. 
The turkey was good and the stuffing was excellent.  The deserts were nice, not too sweet but very satisfying.  The pumpkin pie was light, almost whipped. 
Note: they changed the wine pairing for the second course, it was intended to be Ramey Chardonnay.  This caused us to change our plans and order a bottle.  This move causes quite a bit of confusion and delayed our start of dining by 45 minutes. 
Here is why... they did not have either of the Stags' Leap Hands of Time Chardonnay or Groth Chardonnay (but it took a while to search for each).  We found a good compromise with a bottle of Shafer Chardonnay at a discount.  
I would definitely enjoy returning for dinner again, but I would have to call ahead (as I did this time) and insist they set aside a bottle of wine I wanted.  I really do not appreciate incomplete wine lists and mis-managed cellars.  
I could have gladly brought a bottle and they could have charged me a corkage fee and avoided the 45 minutes of back and forth on we can't find this bottle, etc...Double the experience in double the dining time, but not in a good way - two waiters taking our drink orders, two taking our appetizer orders, and so on. Less is more, sometimes.
We waited a very long time for our food, which came out in disarray (for example, my friend's appetizer was brought out several minutes after the rest of us had already finished ours - awkward...). As other reviewers have pointed out, Bank & Bourbon could do a much better job of assigning servers to specific tables to avoid work duplication and a constant feeling of deja vu ("Didn't I already order?").
To be fair, the food and ambiance are quite good. The lamb plate was colorful, flavorful, and a very nice medium rare, exactly as I ordered it. I'm hoping the rocky service can be chalked up to "first month jitters." If they can sort it out soon, I have high hopes for this place.Great Mother's Day brunch all you can eat buffet! Not sure if this is a weekly thing but they should, $40/head is a great dealMy review is solely based upon customer service this is why: 
On Mother's Day I called to see if their was availability around 1pm, a young lady answered the phone and told me they had availability between 1-2 and I could feel free to stop in. Granted it was Mother's Day, I do know it was a last minute idea on my end. I walked in around 1:25 (10 minutes after I called) and asked for a party of two. I was told there was one seat at the bar available and they were fully committed. At that time, I looked around and saw mainly all smaller top tables were available. I made a second inquiry and was told they were reserved. If that was the true case I would've accepted but this is why I did not; as my boyfriend was also making the inquiry I logged on my open table account, and saw there was a 1:30,2 and 2:30 available. Kind of strange when the young man at the front just said they were fully committed until 5 pm. Hmmm... In fact, it was so odd that I commented to him, "sir could you please check again? Your open table states that their are several reservations available and your hostess did as well". He then responded that that was impossible because they shut their open table down the day before. Really you shut your open table down? Interesting. I even offered to show him what was online and he told me "I don't need to see" I think whoever this guy was very unprofessional and quite rude, the name is Daniel, the sad part is I think he is the manager. I thanked him for his time and he said "sorry try us another time" as I walked out. Icing on the cake why would I want to try you another time with an attitude like that? 
The other thing is, my boyfriend has been here a few times and said the food was good, unfortunately unless a new front of house is hired I won't be attempting to try it any time soon.
There are much better places in philly to try based in service this isn't one.Food is really good but service incredibly slow. 3 hours between sitting and getting the check. Will likely not return.My family and I ate Thanksgiving "dinner" there in the early afternoon on Turkey Day. I must say that the space is warm and elegant, the food was DELICIOUS, and the service was impeccable and attentive. It was my first time there, and I am an avid restaurant diner in Philadelphia. I would definitely go again.Fine Sunday evening space.  Very comfortable.  Quiet.  Brussel sprout salad.  Tasty!  But take out the sliced jalapeños, chef!  Too hot!  Delicious Beef Barley soup.  Beautifully done Duck Breast.  And a killer three ham plate.  Good service.I brought a few friends here for a late night dinner. The food was pretty good, but the price point seemed a little high. The drinks were great! I would recommend this for happy hour or drinks and a quick bite with friends.Stopped in for dinner on a Wednesday night. We had the roasted tomato soup (amazing!), filet and fish special. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. Service was great too. I would definitely go back.The food and service was great. I was highly disappointed that the blueberry crumble pie was not available even though it's highlighted on Yelp. This restaurant sets their menu with seasonal specialties.Had a fantastic meal here with a networking crew last week, then visited again coincidentally with a bachelorette party via a prohibition drink tour!
Overall, I'm very pleased with my experience at Bank & Bourbon. The drinks are classic and delicious, and the food was both flavorful and presented well. I recommend ordering the secret knock cocktail and if you like steak then share the cowboy 32oz steak with someone at your table. The smashed potatoes compliment it perfectly as a side dish - they're crisp & tasty! And the mushrooms, too, are tasty!
I have already recommended this place to many people and will continue to! The staff is friendly and prompt with your orders and the ambiance is classy, yet comfortable. I could see myself planning dinners for a crowd here, or a private party. It's in a great location at the bottom of the Loews hotel right in downtown Center City. 
I will absolutely visit here again soon. Cheers!Found this on Yelp. We were a family party of 8. It was perfect. Didn't realize it was a part of the Loews hotel. Valet parking is only $10 which is well worth it but the food. The food was amazing!!! The pork chop the chicken the duck the tuna. We tried it all and Wow!!! Expensive but at least it was truly great. Ambiance was perfect. The waitress was perfect. The noise level was perfect and the food was perfect. Honestly we all 8 loved it!!!