You don't come across vegan fish tacos too often, so Bar Bombon's tacos de pescado are especially fantastic. Excellent service, great location right by Rittenhouse, super fresh ingredients prepared expertly. A little on the pricy side, but fortunately this time my meal was on the company dime.My husband and I came here the weekend before Valentine's Day. We were seriously impressed with the food. We started with chips and guacamole (classic - chips weren't too salty, which was ice), then the mushroom empanada (delicious), buffalo cauliflower tacos (yummy) and finally the cubano sandwich (I'm already craving another one - SO AMAZING). We finished by having the tres leches, which was really rich. The cake itself was a tad dry but it was still great, especially with the coconut shavings and coconut cream on top. Highly recommend checking this place out!This darling Puerto Rican influenced eatery is a true gem in Philly. The drinks are reasonably priced and are expertly mixed. The food is amazing and filling. I would recommend the cauliflower tacos!We liked this place so much that we went twice while visiting Philly, and even brought two other folks. Delicious margaritas, and every dish (cauliflower tacos, Spanish Meatballs, breakfast flatbread) was brimming with so much flavor that I found myself exclaiming this out loud (sorry next door guests).  The staff is very helpful and friendly, and the atmosphere makes your time at Bombon feel special too, without being pretentious at all. Very comfortable place, and delicious food. We'll be back.My wife and I are vegetarian but not vegan though we use our trips into Philly to try and explore new vegan options because in our own small city the nascent plant-based dining scene is still very limited. Bombon in that regard was a treat. We were not prepared for it to be a small-plates restaurant and I don't know that I would have chosen it had I known it was. The server mentioned this was a change so maybe it was recent? Either way it should not distract from my appreciation of the food. 
The first course we ordered was the Hearts of Palm Ceviche. This was tougher than a fish civiche I am sure but the heat and acidity of the sauce was odd and addictive and well paired with the mild palm. The Spanish Fries were good but nothing special. We got them primarily out of interest in the vegan cheese which was very good. The tacos we got, fish, and others seemed like the real winner on the menu. The "fish" was clearly a tofu but it tasted and had the texture of a whitefish. Final course was a Tofu steak in a Spanish tomato and pepper sauce. While never fooled that the tofu was not beef it seemed to be purely a vehicle for the excellent sauce. 
The drinks were good but not above ones at restaurants in a similar class but we did not have margaritas which seemed to be a big draw. The desert was a coconut custard with a chocolate hazelnut crust and a citrus fruit foam. The foam was very tart and I only wish there was more of it to enjoy.
If I were to go again I think i would have just loaded up on the tacos and/or empanadas which are more bang for your buck versus the rest of the "small plates" racket.Simply delicious vegan food. Got the nachos and they were simple, but SO flavorful. And I didn't feel gross after eating them. Their cheese and sour cream tasted very real but it was fully vegan! Totally would come back to try more stuff. Central location and they've got a bar up front. Waitress was nice and not overbearing. Great experience here.My favorite vegan restaurant it's Latin inspired but each dish is rich in flavor and I feel good after eating a good meal here. The Cuban sandwich is my fav dish !In short: Trendy, a bit expensive, small portions, but oh my GOD when they get a dish right they get it RIGHT.
The cubano sandwich and the fish tacos were by far my favorites. I don't think I've ever had a better sandwich than that cubano. If you're like me and you've never had faux fish, give those a try, too. The loaded potatoes were extremely flavorful and delicious as well. The mushroom empanadas were disappointing, but I chalk that up to personal preference. We got fries with the sandwich, and they were okay, nothing special.
The bill for 4 plates and one drink was in the realm of $50. My friend and I arrived hungry and left stuffed, so the portions-- while smaller than average-- weren't a problem for us.
You may want to err on the side of getting reservations rather than walking in. They were short on openings when we arrived, as most of the tables that were empty were being held for reservations, and we almost had to wait.
Recommended for anyone who likes tasty food :)Went here with coworkers and it seems the best time to go is for brunch which is from like 11am-3pm if you want food. We missed brunch by like 20 mins because the seating area is small and we had to wait for a table but still enjoyed drinks at the bar, which were good and strong while we waited. Buffalo Cauliflower tacos were on point! Two of us had the Cubano Club which was filling. Definitely a nice Vegetarian/Vegan spot, and good music. Definitely would go againThis is such an amazing new restaurant in Rittenhouse. Everything on the menu is plant based, but don't let that deter you. The menu is fresh and enticing, I really wanted to order everything on the menu. I went there for lunch and the place is comfortable and bright, a great change from the dreary January weather. We walked in and were immediately seated. We order the fresco guacamole and chips to start. The guacamole was so fresh with big chunks of avocado. I ordered pescado tacos and chick'n empanadas. My mom ordered a barley and bean soup and sweet potato salad. The pescado tacos were amazing. The crunchy "fish" paired with a slightly spicy sauce and avocado really made for an amazing meal. The beans and rice on the side were delicious, this could really have been a meal in itself, but we wanted to try everything on the menu. The empanadas were perfectly cooked and came with two different sauces. The highlight of the day was the barley and bean soup. This soup came in a large shallow bowl and was so amazing I wish I could have pints of it to freeze. It had big chunks of avocado and carrots in a light broth. The service was great, everyone was very personable and talkative, it was an amazing experience and I can't wait to go back. 
Definitely check this place out!!The Harvest gaucomole is one of, if not the best, gaucomole I have ever had. If you eat it, and leave anything less than 5-stars I will personally challenge you to a duel in the alley. The only negative is that I felt self conscious about ordering a pitcher of margaritas for myself so I had to pay for them individually. But that's really more of a personal problem, and not so much of a food & beverage issue. Also- staff is friendly and will make you feel welcome.Went there around 8 on a Thursday. Much smaller on the inside than I expected. Dimly lit. Had two drinks, chips/quac and veg empanadas. The scene was making me sleepy so I decided not to order a main course. Might have been because it was just after Happy Hour ended 
Oh and the Empanadas were delicious!One of the best vegetarian happy hours I've attended (I only came for Happy hour, not dinner). The HH is only valid in the bar area, which is a little small but we were able to snag seats around 5 pm on a Thursday. The appetizers are pretty big sizes- califlower tacos were $3 each while a huge plate of nachos were $5, but I suppose that's what happens with specialty food. Wonderful vegan cheese on the fries. The drinks were only $5 and looked MASSIVE, while we didn't partake in any of them.More like 3.5....the place is super cute, they did an awesome job redoing the space. Drink menu looks/sounds amazing but unfortunately fell short. Priced as high end craft cocktails they are a bit watered down and stuffed with ice cubes! The are not serving the nachos right now because "they haven't perfected them yet" which is  weird but ok. Had both the empanadas which were pretty tasty. Will agree with other reviews that it's a bit pricey for quantity/quality. But willing to revisit in the future for further review !Yum! I really enjoyed my fish tacos. They made use of one of my favorite Gardein products, their "fish" fillets and had some really tasty guac on top. The beans and rice served on the side were really tasty as well and the meal was very filling. I had a bite of the Buffalo cauliflower taco and it was stupendous.
The margarita I was served was gigantic and delicious. And potent. And that's all I'll say about that.
I wanted to try every single taco on the menu. So when I return to Philly, I will be back.We came here to try their Happy Hour menu. I'm a big Happy Hour person! We ordered the La Preferida and Puerto Rico Punch. It was delicious. The punch is a light summer drink and the La Preferida taste like a flavor margarita. $6 a drink on a beautiful day in August. Can't beat that. We sat at the bar and all the windows were open. It's a nice bar to sit down and people watch.Had dinner here on a recent day trip to philly. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is nice, the staff is very friendly and accommodating. It was a bit on the pricey side but worth it for a special occasion. We tried all the tacos and they were all delicious but our favorites were the buffalo cauliflower tacos! Also try the Spanish fries and broccoli I with almonds and shallots. So good.Online menu isn't the same as what is offered. Not terrible, but of all the amazing places to eat in Philadelphia, it's not worth going here.I have never been treated so poorly by a waiter. We had pleasant interactions prior to getting the check, but when we asked to split the bill a certain way, his attitude changed. Not only did he respond aggressively, but he used profanity directed at one of the people in my party, calling her a "b***h" and telling us to "gfy" (go f**k yourself). He also proceeded to scowl at us and state he has a Masters in Mathematics.  It's a shame our experience was tarnished by our waiter because we enjoyed the drinks and apps. Needless to say, will not be returning.Great little vegan place. Nachos taste great, but I prefer a lighter corn chip. Mai Tai's are really good. The place has a cool vibe and interesting decor.Very friendly service, but overpriced for what was served and I'm not sure if all the flavor combinations really worked well.I've been here three times and I have had a tremendous meal every time. 
The chorizo tacos are amazing! The arepa was the the most fun little snack I've ever had! And the yuca and tostones are absolutely authentic and delicious.  
It's hard to imagine this used to be a crumbs! The decorations are delightful and everything from the chairs and wall coverings go together with the lighting and atmosphere.  
I'm confused by some of the other reviews frankly.  When I was there - I did use a bathroom - unlike what others said, and I also got my food quickly and the orders were all correct and served well. 
Haters gonna hate - but this is the spot!  Such an amazing addition to the vegan arsenal in philly!! Love it here!Love this place. The guacamole and chips are definitely on point. The crispy potatoes are incredible. Love the sausage and the coconut whipped cream pairs perfectly with the waffle.Good food, but sandwiches are a little on the oilier side. Unfortunately I went at noon on a Saturday and I could only get something from the brunch menu. Cauliflower tacos were awesome. Breakfast sandwich was very delicious too. My partner got the watermelon drink and it was really good.Landed in Philly & basically headed straight here
Was pleasantly surprised to get a table right away on a Saturday at 9pm.
First up was the tasty punch. Followed by an amazing mezcal rose water concoction. These people know their booze!
Food was incredible.  Glad to have a friend to share a bunch of dishes with :) Of course we had to get the guac, did not disappoint. Next up was beet salad, very tasty. As was the Brussels sprouts. Buffalo cauliflower tacos were super flavorful & the veggies were cooked perfectly. 
Coconut custard was a little disappointing. The sauce & cream were good, but the custard itself was too firm & not very flavorful.
Kind of loud & dark... um, because it's a bar :) Good service.This is without a doubt the best of any vegan restaurant and non vegan restaurant I've ever been to. The food is delicious and the meat substitutes actually taste like real meat (which gives my vegan taste buds the time of their lives). The staff is lovely and accommodating, and very friendly. Delicious, authentic, plant-based food. Efficient staff. Quaint, nouveau-classic ambiance.Lovely vegan establishment.  Ate Friday and brought kids back for dinner Saturday.  Those black beans had me.   Even though I thought Fridays beans were more tastier.  The Brussel sprout tacos were delish.  Guacamole very good.  Gonna try again.  I love the area...Rittenhouse.  so glad I stopped for lunch on Friday.  My sweet waitress was very attentive and informative.As a Puerto Rican, I am VERY picky about my empanadillas - but now that i'm vegetarian, it's become harder to find good empanadillas. I got them thru delivery and I was AMAZED at the fact that they were still crispy and warm. The mushroom filling was really good too. I also really enjoyed the kale caesar- i neither like kale or caesar salad and it was really good.I chose this restaurant because half of my party of 6 are vegan and half are omnivores. My fiancee and I are considering giving up meat, so we thought we'd see what the "other side" had to offer.
Food:
We were very happy with how good everything tasted. Maybe not blown away, but it was very good. I had the chorizo & tofu arepa, which was delicious. She had a "chick'n" burrito, which was also filling and delicious. We shared the grilled corn, which was also very good. Others had empanadas with authentic hot sauce, chips & salsa, and chips & pico de gallo. The chips & salsa/pico were good, not amazing (important to note that there are no free chips & salsa as you might see at other Mexican restuarants). I agree with the Yelp reviewer Lolly G, in that the tacos had a really unappetizing presentation, but they did taste good.
Price:
The price was pretty standard for the Rittenhouse area in Philly, and although the portions weren't as big as you'd expect from your typical chain Mexican restaurant, the food was excellent and big enough where you feel full, just maybe not enough to take home for lunch tomorrow. That's fine with me!
Service:
Even though during our visit, they had only been open a couple days, the service was excellent. Easily on par with any other restaurant around the block.
Drinks:
The drink menu is refreshingly diverse and makes your mouth water with all the options. I would definitely come here just to drink! We got a pitcher of margaritas, which poured one drink each for 4 people. They were delicious and I only wish there was more in the pitcher!
Overall, definitely a good experience. I would recommend this place for anyone (omnivores, herbivores, and carnivores alike).Oooooooh. Emmmm. Geeeeeeee. This place is legit, people!!! Vegan Hispanic bar & restaurant with awesome music and great service! Each dish was served beautifully and explained to me. I had the beef empanadas, the Cuban sandwich, sweet potato salad, the arepa, and the tres leche. Holy crap! Everything was absolutely delish!!! Highly highly highly recommended! Julissa, thank you for your wonderful personality & service!Came here with a party of 6 for a birthday dinner and had a great, filling meal because we ordered Spanish fries (really thin and drizzled with what id describe as cheese sauce although it must have been something else considering its vegan right?). Nachos were also a good idea, chunks of veggies and beans:) I had the buffalo cauliflower tacos which exceeded my expectations and were surprisingly filling (unlike those tacos at el vez!). Finished up with the tres leche cake (very dense cake, drizzled with frosting and sugar, yum!)I finally made it to Bar Bombon. I'm not big on the vegan scene but I do love me a good burrito. After hearing and reading all the rave reviews about this place, I decided to finally give it a try! The hostess was very attentive and super sweet! So was my server. There are some nice people working at this establishment. +1 star for that. 
As for the food, I'm going to have to rate it 3 stars. 
I came in for brunch. I ordered a Bloody Mary and a steak burrito. Now everyone swears that you "can't tell the difference" here. That's why I came here in the first place. Truth is, you actually can. Now I do understand they use plant-based ingredients and I appreciate that. But I dodn't know what all the hype was about.L.O.V.E. this place. Not sure what all the yelp hate is about. I really enjoyed my first dining experience here (it was lunch) and although I am married to a vegan, I don't consider myself one. In other words, I can fairly review this place and the food. The beef empanadas were super tasty as was the guacamole. Had an excellent margarita as well, all served by a lovely and attentive bartender. Will definitely be back for more food. Super excited to eat all of the tacos. Seriously. ALL OF THEM!Wow! What an incredible dining experience. The food was nothing short of amazing, the service was perfect and the restaurant was so accommodating. I had 9:30p reservations on a Saturday, friends of our ended up being in Philly with some time to kill and wanted to join last-minute. I called the restaurant a little after 9p to see if I could modify my reservation from 3 to 5, after a brief hold the hostess came back on the line to tell me it wasn't a problem. We walked in at 930 and were seated immediately. We tried many appetizers: two orders of Nacho de Macho, sweet plantains, and "beef" and "chick'n" empanadas; everything came out promptly and was excellent. Our whole party consisted of meat eaters, one of which described the "beef" in the Nachos de Macho as "actually better than beef." For our entrees, we all had tacos, the order of two tacos with the side of rice and beans was just enough to accompany our feast of appetizers. We finished our meal with the Cafe Bombon, which was an espresso drink with coconut milk and coconut whipped cream - even as a non-coffee drinker I found it to be fantastic. Absolutely can not wait to come back!People on Yelp are so shitty. They just opened. Give them time to get it together for chrissake.
Glad to have a new vegan option in Rittenhouse!Shockingly delicious. Vegan only. Pricing is a bit on the higher end especially since there is 0 protein BUT portions are generous and the quality is superb. We went for brunch. The cubano was awesome and flavorful with a healthy portion of breakfast potatoes. It always stuns me how well their chicken substitute is. It looks and tastes like chicken... go figure. I had the huevos rancheros which were two large portions with guac -- major key. We also did coffee and one of their salads. Food was super dope. Similar to a true European restaurant you pay for still and sparkling water unless you say you want tap. Ambiance is great too. Small, nice bar area, takeout window is cute, music is nice. Might be a good date spot. Would definitely go again.I'm so surprised this place has such good reviews! First off -- does no one else notice the absurd amount of flies buzzing around and stuck on the walls? It was so bad that my boyfriend and I had to ask to move our seat (if it wasn't for a giftcard I would have just left as this is just gross). 
Food was pretty rough as well. The 'fish' taco was so bad I had to spit it out.  Although a good  sized portion, the guac was barely mixed.. I mean enormous pieces of hard avocado that we couldn't even break up with a fork. Margarita tasted watered down (no comparison to an El Vez marg) Of all the food we tried, the rellenos were the best but still pretty mediocre. Overall just a disappointing meal. 
If you enjoy vegan fare, skip this place and head on over the V Street.As always the chef has created another masterpiece just like Charlie was a sinner and hip city veg.    The food is amazing.  Service was top notch.   Just amazing.OMG! What a Jem... the entire menu is absolutely delicious! The cocktails paired beautifully with the food and I keep dreaming about the coconut chocolate mango dessert. Yummy!Some of the best breakfast-style food I've ever had. A little tight, but I'm willing to deal with that in the city location.Went for dinner on a Saturday night. The mixed drinks were incredible; we tried a few. The food was delicious and all tasted fresh. The service was absolutely perfect. I highly recommend this place and will definitely come backRepollitos fritos = 5 stars!!!
(Brussels sprouts, caramelized onion, Craisins, spiced nut)
Buffalo cauliflower taco = 4 stars
(soft flour tortilla, avocado, green goddess, black bean puree, mirepoix)
Coconut custard = 3 stars
(chocolate hazelnut crunch, whipped coconut, passion fruit)
Service = 5 starsAmazeballs!!! My visit to philly with the new vegan kid was culminated with this place. OMG?? The food was awesome. I love eating at a vegan spot cuz you don't have to worry about the kitchen AT ALL. 
The drinks were also amazing. I love this place. 
The meatballs are a MUST HAVE. MUST MUST HAVE!! And the Peruvian crispy potatoes were delish!!!
Go here!!! Very busy on a Saturday so make a rezzy!!Came here for brunch and had a delightful time - great drink special (bottle of sparkling + juice of your choice for $22). Also had a great cocktail called the Gardner's Revenge, which is carrot based and full of heat and flavor! I had the breakfast tacos and my friend had the breakfast sandwich. Both we're pretty good - esp with a side of tasty plantains! If you're looking for vegan/vegetarian dining options in Philadelphia check this place out - it's just off Rittenhouse Square.In my opinion this place has great potential, with a little work on a more creative menu, having more than one server, and being better organized at the host stand this place could easily be a 5 out of 5.Would you expect anything less from an affiliate of Charlie was a Sinner?!?!?  Absolutely excellent!!!  Tacos are so flavorful, potatos are perfect blend of crunch, spice, and flavor, dessert was to die for.  (Like a party in your mouth).  My non-vegan husband might convert due to this amazing food.I am not Gluten-free, Vegan, or Vegetarian.  
However, my gf is gf, and I don't mind eating at healthy vegan/veggie restaurants. We happened upon this place, and with the decor, warmth, and vibe decided to get dinner.  Our waiter, Andrew, was great! Down to earth, attentive, and had a knowledge of the food. (my gf is good at asking for specifics of certain dishes for dietary reasons) 
We ordered chips and guacamole. YUM!
I ordered the "Chick'n" enchiladas.  It's not real chicken, but it was delicious and filling. SO GOOD. 
I'd say this place is dietary restriction friendly, and regardless of that, it's cool, casual, and has great food.  Two thumbs up!The food is good and the drinks. I docked a star because they changed the hours of their happy hour from 3-6 which hasn't been updated on their menus or site.The happy hour time is trash because most people are still at work, but to eachs own... I wish it go back to their previous hours. I'll still go but yeahThe buffalo cauliflower taco deserves 5 stars. 
The atmosphere is active and fun and it's hard to find seats most of the time. 
Great bartenders. Really good cocktails made right. 
The other food we ordered was good (nachos and yucca fries) but not overwhelming. Some of the offerings are just things one can make at home and probably better, but the tacos are ridiculous, noteworthy and worth many return visits.Love this place! I've been here a bunch of times and it never disappoints. I am vegan, but no one else in my life is, and I've taken several meat eaters here who have left very satisfied. The margaritas are delicious; I like the spicy one and order it extra spicy. The nachos are great and the tacos have good flavor and a generous amount of filling. Last time I was there, I had the enchiladas, which I think are a newer edition to the menu, and I'd definitely order them again. Don't forget to save some room for dessert! Even if you're not vegan, this place is a must try. I'd recommend getting a reservation, though, because the space, while cozy and wonderfully decorated, isn't that big.Full disclosure that I'm a fan of Hip City and Charlie, so I walked into Bar Bombon with 5 stars in mind.  A the meal progressed I found myself deducting.
Value.  I felt the prices a bit high for what comes to the table.  I think I paid $12 for 2 tacos.  Granted it's unfair to peg value to taco you can get in Little Italy (side note: some really good Mexican food right around little Italy).  Still I felt the price a bit steep.
Food.  Nothing to criticize in terms of flavor.  We spit the "chorizo"  tacos platter.  My wife was over-the-moon with the black beans.  Loved them.  They weren't up my alley, but I trust her palate.  Tortilla's freshly grilled makes all the difference.   Where this fell short is texture.  The taco filling was overly wet.  Think sloppy joe filling in a tortilla.   After one bite 30% of the remaining filling would fall back onto the plate.  No avoiding it.  As much a unnecessary mess as it is delicious.
Why we'll come back.  Nichole develops some of the best customer-focused staff in the city.  This is true at Hip and Charlie and now Bar Bombon.  Our waitress (sorry the name escapes me) was perfect.  Other staff came to the table to re-fill drinks.  Talked to Nichole, who was on site helping this new venture.  All professional & friendly.Definitely worthy of a try if you aren't vegan/vegetarian, and essential if you are! 
Favorite dishes:
- Broccoli Tacos (haven't had tacos this good in a while)
- Tortilla soup (banging)
- Finally: the Tres Leches cake desert is a must. Shit is right!This place is pretty neat for vegetarians, gluten-free and vegans. They have an Americanized Latin cuisine menu with a twist for your "healthier" folks. It's considered to be a Puerto Rican bar but nothing about this bar was Puerto Rican. You also need to make reservations in advance if you plan on dining in and not actually sitting at the bar. Although I would return with my vegetarian friends, not my cup of tea.I love meat, but holy tofu, this place is amazing. I came here for brunch over the weekend and sat at the bar with my friend. I got a bloody mary and she got a gin cocktail - both were refreshing and delicious. I'm not typically a gin fan but tried a sip of her drink and was really impressed, I would definitely order her cocktail in the future. 
I have a gluten allergy, and was really impressed with how attentive our server was to this issue. He made sure that what I ordered (the breakfast tacos) was noted in the order system as needing to be prepared gluten free, and let me know that one of the sauces listed on the menu for that dish would have to be removed to make it gluten free. I appreciated the transparency and willingness to accommodate my dietary restrictions. 
My friend (who does not have a gluten allergy) also ordered the gluten free breakfast tacos, just to see how they were. Both of us were very impressed with the entire meal. The vegan queso that came on the side was indistinguishable for either of us as being plant-based vs. traditional dairy-based. Additionally, we both were really surprised by how filling and satisfying the tacos were - there was no moment of "oh man this is good... for being tofu" - it was just "oh man these are really really good!". 
Overall, between the accommodating service, the delicious drinks and food, and the lovely atmosphere, I will definitely be returning.I am amazed at how incredible the food was. My friend and I ordered the Spanish meatballs, buffalo cauliflower tacos and the Brussel sprouts. I am literally obsessed with the tacos and am sad that I am leaving the city so I won't be able to come anytime soon. Definitely come, you won't be disappointed! Great customer service also! Say hello to Casey!Came here randomly on a Saturday afternoon and got seated immediately. The food was exceptionally delicious as are the cocktails. We got the cubano and buffalo cauliflower tacos...both different but so good!! We wanted to order more because everything sounds delicious but were too full! The drinks are nice and strong.. definitely get your money's worth! Got the grapefruit margarita and the habenero drink (not spicy as it sounds) - both are worth trying. Service was great especially since our waitress was well informed of the menu and answered questions we had. Can't wait to come back to try more stuff!!Definitely worthy of a try if you aren't vegan/vegetarian, and essential if you are! 
Favorite dishes:
- buffalo Tacos (haven't had tacos this good in a while)
- Cubano sandwich (banging)
- Finally: the Tres Leches cake desert is a mustWe had a bad experience because our server (Mike) was very slow, inattentive and indifferent. He also probably forgot our order of a "sandwich" which took him almost 30 minutes to get it to us because he most likely forgot. 
And they can benefit from making some of the food less salty.
Otherwise, it would have gotten a better review.Was a good place for lunch.. Got the mix n match tacos. Good stuff! The fresh lemonade or other fruity drinks were however very average.. Wouldn't spend on it the next time. We got the chocolate cake as a dessert.. Loved it.A special treat not just for vegans like me,  but for my carnivorous friend who joined me!
Appreciated previous Yelp reviewers' recommendations.
They have a new tortilla soup that is exquisite.
By far,  the buffalo cauliflower tacos were the highlight.
Excellent dessert -- the coconut custard was the #1 choice (over Tres Leches cake,  also quite good).
Lovely and warm servers.
The reason for 4 vs 5 stars was due to how long it took for food to arrive.  There seemed to be a mix up in kitchen for main order,  yet this was true for everything else.
I would absolutely return !I don't typically like green goddess dressing but this place made me freaking love it. The Buffalo Cauliflower Tacos (I got during HH rate $3/per ) were great! Look forward to coming back for a proper dinner.This was my third or fourth time here, and the second time with this group of friends. We went in on Sunday evening and were pretty hungry. Both of my friends are vegan/vegetarian and gluten free so we like going here because it caters to those needs. I'm fairly disappointed to say that the menu keeps changing here but with no improvement. The first time I started coming here they had a cheese that was made to taste like cotija and it was really good. They took it off the menu on things like plantains and added almond Parmesan? It was really random and my friend couldn't eat it. We barely got any food and barely ever do because everything is so expensive and they keep changing it but they keep making it in ways that it's not satisfying anymore....I ate some nachos, which is probably the only good and affordable thing on the menu. We also got yuca fries with some aioli that just tasted like nothing. I had some tortilla soup for myself and it was boring- too tomato-y and the avocado in it was definitely old (it had an aftertaste)- it was Sunday night so not sure of the rotation. My friend didn't even get any food and just ate the nachos and yuca fries because it was way too expensive. Even the rice and beans which we had last time and vowed to never get it again- still too tomato-y and no flavor. Don't waste your time and make yourself better vegan food at home. I used to be ok with this place, but I'm stopping.Hip spot with great food and staff. Everyone who mentioned this place recommended the Cuban sandwich and it did NOT disappoint! Def will visit again when I'm in Philly!Stopped in for an afternoon snack and drink. Food and service were fine overall. Ordered red sangría and "Spanish fries" which came with salsa brava and "saffron curds". Based on the menu description, I was expecting something akin to patatas bravas, a standard Spanish tapa; what I got was essentially French fries dusted with a strange oil-based concoction which was thin on saffron flavor. The salsa brava was delicious, though. The sangría was also yummy, though a bit heavy on whatever peachy-flavored liqueur they used.
The problem I have with this place is that its website claims to"take authentic Puerto Rican recipes and add a twist..." and harks back to its "roots in Old San Juan". If you come here looking for Puerto Rican food, you will be disappointed. Except for a handful of token items (empanadas and tostones) the menu is basically Mexican food with a twist (tacos, burritos, guacamole,salsa, etc.)-- which is utterly different from Puerto Rican food. It's obvious that whoever conceived of this restaurant and its marketing did NO research whatsoever on authentic Puerto Rican food. Instead they assumed that Mexican food serves as an all-purpose stand-in for "Latin" cuisine for those who don't know any better. I suggest the chef pick up a copy of Cocina Criolla to learn something about authentic Puerto Rican recipes before claiming to "put a twist" on them. Otherwise, you do a disservice with your website's claims.Pancakes with pecans and apples in molasses syrup., light and fluffy. The syrup was too swet for me. Next time I will get plain pancakes. 
Yucca frita, great,  crunchy on the outside, airy on the inside. Came with a sauce which reminds me of remoulade. My friend loved the cappuccino made with your choice of almond milk or soy milk.
I am sad that they took Americano tacos off the menu.So delish and loved the beet margarita! Only suggestion would be to have some healthier options on the menu! Being a plant based restaurant, let's see some appreciation for the actual plants! NEW MENU rolling out Wednesday so can't wait to see what's on it!I think this place is a bit overhyped for what it is - talking about the food only here as I haven't had a chance to try the drinks. As a vegetarian it is always nice to be in a spot only serving vegan eats and not having to worry about if something has animal fat or stock. But I'm still not sold on this place - I've been here a few times and sometimes the dishes are a little bland or not particularly amazing. It's also pretty tiny on the inside and hard to walk through the bar area to the tables on the weekends. Decent place to check out if you're a vegetarian/vegan though.Great atmosphere, amazing drinks, and even better vegan food! This is hands down my favorite vegan restaurant to go to in the city!This Celiac (strictly gluten-free) stumbled upon this gem with my besties (a vegan and a vegetarian) on a Saturday night, and we were awe-struck by the options that ALL of us could eat. The manager even took time at the end of our meal to give us customized club recommendations for the night ahead -- complete with the name of a bouncer who could get us in without waiting in line. Even if you don't have dietary restrictions, you won't regret your choice to get your nom on at Bar Bombon!This was my second time here and both visits have been great.  The restaurant is somewhat small inside but atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.  
Food is outstanding - everything is tasty and portions are just right!  You cannot go wrong with this place!Bar Bombóm opened just a week ago, but it is already a new favorite in Rittenhouse. It is Latin American food, but completely vegan. During lunch today, there were plenty of interested customers filling up the restaurant's indoor and outdoor seating. The decor is gorgeous and welcoming - a really nice place for a date or quiet lunch. 
I ordered the tofu tacos, which came with a side of black beans, rice, and some fresh lettuce and tomatoes for topping. We also split an appetizer of plantain tostones, which came with a garlic topping and side sauce. My friend ordered the quinoa aztec salad, which had butternut squash and a pumpkin dressing. Overall,the food was nice and service was friendly. Be prepared to spend $15 - $20 per person here without alcohol.
The dessert menu sounded great, but I was too stuffed. Next time!This place is absolutely heavenly. My boyfriend and I are always on the hunt for some good gluten free vegan food and so happy we tried Bar Bombon. We got the guac and chips-- great portion of guac for the price. Also the cheesy fries were only $5 I think! SO SO GOOD. Enchiladas tastes delicious and our favorite was the potatoes with cheese and capers! I love tapas style and we were stuffed. Great friendly service too! Cute ambiance. Will be coming back soon.Me and my friends are on vacation and are all vegan. We researched a couple places and decided bbb would be an awesome lunch option. We were not disappointed! Our waiter John was amazing, he suggested apps and entrees to us and was super helpful with my friend who is gluten free. The food was delicious and fresh. I certainly would recommend it to anyone!I was visiting my friends who had recently moved from NYC to Philadelphia. We are both vegan so we decided to give Bar Bombon a try. Place is in a prime fancy store shopping location, so prices were pretty overblown for the amount of food we received. We ordered drinks and 2 dishes: buffalo cauliflower tacos and a 'chicken' sandwich (12$ and 15$). I cook a lot of buffalo cauliflower at home, so I know how cheap it is to make it. We received 2 small tortilla pieces with VERY little cauliflower in it, no coleslaw no nothing.... anyways. We left the place still feeling hungry. 
It's pretty ridiculous to charge so much money for dishes that are made with simply veggies. The sandwich was good, but needed more potatoes. Small portions. 
P.s. I was just checking my credit card statements and I was charged extra 1$. I have a signed copy of my bill, so I know this for sure. not cool. BE AWARE !!!My husband and I were really looking forward to an early lunch and cocktails on Sunday 10/18, we walked in at 10:59am and were met with quite an attitude from the woman behind the bar, she was visibly annoyed that we walked in one minute before opening and after an awkward exchange with the server who seemed to be happy to see us, asked us if we could come back in a few minutes.  Here's the thing, in a city like Philly where there are tons of awesome places to eat the answer to that is "No, I won't come back in a few minutes"....sorry, Bar Bombon....it was a chilly morning, we were looking forward to getting settled in but I couldn't bring myself to be a customer at a place that treated customers like that.  Instead we headed over to El Vez and spent the morning enjoying their brunch (delicious by the way!).Hip-City Vedge's sister restaurant is a hit! I am very happy for another Vegetarian and Gluten Free places in the city!!! 
Food was really good and the portions were just right. 
Staff was nice and fast. 
Will be back to try other items on the menu.Had lunch here on March 28th, great place, really lovely decor, friendly service, wonderful food. This and Charlie Was A Sinner are both great restaurants and I wish they were both here in NYC.Great friendly staff, wonderful atmosphere and delicious food!
We got the Nachos de Macho to start, Yucca Fries, Salad Bombón, and Ropa Vieja Tacos & Brussel Sprouts Taco! Nachos de Macho had 'ground meat' in it which I honestly would prefer this over actual meat any day. The Ropa Vieja also, 'meat' had the exact texture of beef. All the food tasted great! The chef really thought out this menu-the flavors were all so balanced and had true Latin taste!
Let's not forget the drinks- the name of the drink has slipped my mind but it had coconut milk in it and was fantastic!
Will definitely be back!
If you are ever in the area, please try this place- you won't regret it :)Loved it! We're not vegan, but really good food and great atmosphere. Really appreciated that they had several types of mezcal and mixed drinks with mezcal. Anne Marie was our server and she was wonderful. It was a Friday night and our first date night since our new baby and she was attentive but didn't rush us a bit. We'll be back for sureAmazingly delicious salad, with Quinoa. And the side 'Sweet Potato Salad', with NO mayonnaise, yet super delicious! No meat products here. The guacamole was delicious. Everything was great. Super service, too. (If only I drank, full bar).Tremendous!!! The cuban sandwich is better than the real thing. The nachos are also stellar. Everything was delicious...i would come back with friends all the time. Bravo.My husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner. Every part of our meal was superb! The salsa dips were so delicious with the freshly-made tortilla chips, the four different tacos we tried between the two of us were AMAZING, and even the rice and beans that accompanied them were delicious, especially the beans. Our margaritas were unique and some of the best we've ever had. Even if we weren't vegan I would still come here! Well worth the money we spent.MEhhhhh.  Overall I thought the food and drink were way overpriced for what we received. I will say the nachos were really good and worth their price - and will only get those if I find myself dining here again. The coctails were inventive and tasty but again overpriced.Unbelievably delicious!  As a vegan, I am always searching for restaurants that have great food as well as a lively and fun atmosphere. Bar Bombon hits the mark.  If you like Hip City Veg and Charlie was a Sinner (or even if you haven't tried them) you must try this masterpiece of Nicole Marquis!  On this first visit we tried the yucca fries, pollo tacos, cubano sandwich (our favorite) and the sangria.  Tres leche cake and avocado sorbet are to die for.  This is fit for foodies, has a great vibe and energetic and fun servers ! Can't wait to come back and continue sampling!I went here for NYE dinner and the place has great food but small portions. 
The food is latin-american inspired and has great options, however, I did feel they were a little limiting with their menu and the quantity is less than expected. The menu online was a little different (taco options were different) from what was provided at the restaurant so I was slightly disappointed. However, I was very pleased upon trying the buffalo cauliflower tacos and seitan tacos. Both were delicious. The cubano club was also very good and it was a good sized portion for  two.The cocktails here are excellent and the bartenders are great.  I'd drink here regularly if it were closer to home.  The decor is kitschy but they've committed to the theme, and it works quite well.
 The food, on the other hand is a major letdown.  I'm not vegan.  I'm not vegetarian.  I rarely have a meal without some kind of animal protein.  If that means that I die sooner, so be it.  I'll die happy.  That said, I've heard rave reviews for Hip City Veg, and I honestly loved my meal at Vedge, so I figured I'd give this place a try.  
Ugh.  I went for brunch on Saturday.  Their coffee is excellent- Stumptown something or other blend.  Then things went downhill from there.  I ordered yucca fries.  I think there were 8 on the plate, and they were totally unseasoned.  Not a hint of salt, nothing.  They also weren't super crispy, as good yucca should be.  I figured that a vegan place could do a veg or tuber or whatever yucca is right, but I was let down.  Next, I tried the "chicken" empanadas.  Again, this was a miss.  There wasn't much filling, and the flavors just weren't there.  Obviously, there was no chicken, but the protein substitute inside wasn't plentiful, nor was it notably seasoned.  The pastry shell had decent texture, but again, no salt.  With the unfavorable ratio of pastry to filling, this too was not my cup of tea.  Finally, I shared a "carne" burrito.  I tasted beans and lettuce.  A heavy, heavy drowning of Cholula couldn't save this.  Again, too bad.  
My server was pleasant enough, but while I was eating, the fire alarm went off.  It was LOUD.  This continued and continued and continued for about 10 full minutes.  Not the most relaxing atmosphere for brunch.  The owner and GM were there, and I was wondering how they would handle this.  Turns out, they didn't.  Not a dollar off on the check, not a cup of coffee comped.  
So yeah, a completely terrible experience.  I may still go back for the bar, but I won't eat here, nor will I ever buy a 9-11$ juice from their take out juice window.This was great...at first. I went at the beginning of happy hour and was greeted by the most enthusiastic bartender (ryan? w dreads)whose shift ended not long after I arrived bummer. At which point I was effectively ignored by his replacements . I was a bit annoyed that two or three other parties came in after me and were happily eating while I was still waiting on my nachos. And when they finally came, there were tomatoes on it-which was explicitly asked not to be on the dish. Ryan even had a verbal conversation to this effect with a member of the kitchen staff. I ended up asking for my dish to go bc I had been there an hour and still no nachos. They were good...after I picked them out and fortunately I didn't have an allergic reaction...this time.Fantastic place.  Didn't realize it offered reservations, which was totally on me so I was forced to weather the cold.  No biggie, good food will make you forget all about cold weather.  The service was fantastic and the food was amazing.  I had the fried plantains -- the sweet ones.  Yum doesn't quite do this justice.  Then I followed it up with the burrito, which I simply can't begin to explain just how good this was.  The drink was meh.  Had the caipirinha, which having had this drink in Brazil, it's not remotely close.  I'm wondering if it's the sugar that interfered with the taste but it was just OK.  Overall, the experience was amazing.  So glad to have stumbled upon this.  Will certainly be back.  I recommend making a reservation so that you're not out in the cold or whichever weather element is going on at the moment.Bar Bombon has just revamped their Latin American-inspired vegan menu to emphasize smaller, tapas-sized plates, which was perfect for me as I wanted to try a bunch of them at once. 
To start, the empanadas veracruzana (caramelized onion, green olive, tomato) were deliciously crispily fried, and felt meaty enough so you wouldn't even realize it was vegan. Similarly, the Spanish meatballs (romesco, hazelnut gremolata, grilled bread) packed quite a fulfilling, "meaty" punch. Also, the hearts of palm crab cake (quinoa crust, saffron, cabbage slaw) didn't necessarily look like an actual crab cake on the surface, but tasted like one going down, right down to the crunchiness.
Nirvana was a delightful server, and there are about half a dozen spaces at the bar, plus about 15-20 seats inside. Another great vegan find in Philly!Weekday lunch treat happened here. Waitress was super friendly and knew all the things.The food is delicious and the staff are friendly. The sweet potato salad is so good, but you have to try the Mexican Hot Chocolate with a shot of the blackstrap rum (not listed as an addition option, but it is available and delicious). The prices are reasonable, for the amount and quality of the food, but to warn you, if you do add the shot, the MHC will be $10.00 - and worth every penny!Had one of the best dining experiences on Valentine's Day. I'm vegan and it isn't often that I can go all out when I'm at a restaurant.  Our waitress was super friendly and instantly welcomed us. My fiance,  who is a meat eater, was very open minded because of all of the great food pics we've seen online.   We started off with Pinchos  (kabob skewers) and the "beef" empanadas. Wow. Delicious,  even my fiance was surprised. Amazing flavors. We ordered 3 entrees to share... the broccoli tacos, Carne tacos, enchiladas de pollo, beans and rice. I think the Carne tacos were our favorite.  We ate everything on our plates. My fiance kept saying "omg this is so good". I was so thrilled to be enjoying Mexican Latin inspired plant based food. We shared the pear and squash galette that was served with a soy based vanilla bean ice cream. I haven't had a dessert like that in some long! Highly recommended, we both can't wait to go back! They have a new brunch menu on the weekends but for your first time, I would suggest going at dinner time for the experience of the full menu. Oh, our dessert was also taken off of the bill because it took "too long" which we didn't think it was at all! Pleasant surprise! Loved everything about this place.Came here with my boyfriend on a recommendation from a friend. We were not disappointed. Intimate setting inside, classy ( but not so much as to make anyone feel out of place), perfect portions and great price point. Their seasonal mixed drink was amazing, and I have a feeling i'll be dreaming about their tres leches tonight!! Last but not least my boyfriend has a food allergy; our waitress was knowledgeable and knew exactly which foods would or would not be an issue. It really made this experience stand out to me as too many places have no clue, and it puts him at risk. A wonderful experience, will be back!What a beautiful experience we had! Ordered the sticky apple pancakes and the mushroom empanada. Mmm! It's so refreshing to order such delicious breakfast foods without having to question if it's really vegan or not. Our waitress, Selena, was such a positive spirit as well!
The Bloody Mary was superb. And I recommend any vegetarian or vegan to come enjoy this wonderful place.I hate to use  (the overused) word amazing but the Spanish Meatballs were....just that. They didn't taste 'just like meat' they were better....and the sauce was really fresh, delicious and unique. The other app... Brussel sprouts were outstanding (and I was convinced that I hated Brussel sprouts) The Cuban sandwich was the best of similar vegetarian chick'n sandwiches I've sampled.  And the nacho's were good although I have had better (more fattening) ones elsewhere.  We each had the rum punch of the day, very good and the tradition margerita was....even better.  Service was excellent quick and pleasent.  The place was kinda noisy and it's on the smaller side. The portions were large and we were full and satisfied.  No animal were harmed in the making  of our highly enjoyable meal.Went here for CC Sips last night with a friend who's vegan (I'm not). Service was fast, we put away two drinks and a small plate each within an hour, which was great. The vegan meatball was fabulous, great texture, but it's a small portion. The fried yucca was also tasty and surprisingly filling. We had some sort of vodka/blood orange drink that was very refreshing. The only downside is that the space is tiny, as is their outdoor space. It was nice to grab an outside table but they're crammed fairly close together, and it's right on the alley so cars pass by. Still, we'll definitely come back.Great flavours and vegan options - it was just small plates for the price.I was seriously wowed by how amazing the food here was - my meat-loving friend recommended it to me, which I think speaks it for itself! Delicious.The happiest food I've ever put in my mouth and the No Love Lost cocktail is the perfect blend of all things not too sweetLoved this place and the incredible vegan options. Friend told me I had to try this place for the Cubano Club and it did not disappoint! The cocktails they had on special were also the tastiest drinks I've had in Philadelphia--super creative, fairly priced. The one with avocado and mezcal was my favorite! The buffalo cauliflower tacos were a little heavy in the buffalo department, but still very good. Will definitely be going back.I loved the location, the service, and drinks. I thought the food was hit or miss. I loved the salsa verde! The guacamole was good once I added jalapeños to it. And a surprising favorite was the side of fries. Thin, crispy, some seasoning sprinkled on top and a side of spicy aoli and I thought this was perfect! I had the basil green apple margarita and it was refreshing. I wish it had a tiny bit more of the basil flavor though! I really wanted to fall in love with this place. I think next time I'll try some different dishes and see Shari think!I respect and totally support what they are doing for the vegan community but they need to work on their food and service a little more. I understand it is a new business but that really shouldn't be an excuse. I went to bar bombón with a large group and having it be a Sunday night it wasn't so crowded until later when all of our party arrived but it felt like they served smaller groups faster than they did for us. 
   The food was pretty mediocre. I would have rather just gotten platanos at a non vegan place. They burnt ours and over dressed it with uneccesary garnishment. I had better platanos in Times Square where there are tourist trap kinds of places. It seems a little over priced for sides really. If I would recommend something close to vegan and Spanish influenced I would go to Lolita during restaurant week. They have bomb chips guac and salsa. Although it isn't authentic, they make things work.
  Towards the end it actually took forever for our check to come out. We had to wait to get a check that was all combined then until the waitress realized she could have asked us for separate checks slowly gave us separate checks. She was very kind, and didn't give to much attitude thankfully but it was rather annoying. I do remember her name but there will be no name dropping. The manager seemed to be really cool in the beginning, accommodating us for our last minute reservation. 
   I love vegan food and I was hoping that if we had invited our friends to try this place it would change their minds but sadly I think they just have more reason to think vegans are a joke. Maybe one day this place will be poppin and they'll be saying they love vegan food too. But for now maybe Mexican/Cuban food shouldn't be experimented with vegan substitutes. 
    I am also very upset they didn't recommend the dessert menu. I don't have dairy in my life let alone things like tiramisu and flan. It pretty much felt like the restaurant was telling us "get out, your money isn't  as important as how much we don't want to serve your large party". We're near university city, expect college students but still keep things classy and professional.So by mistake we wound up at a vegan restaurant. Had no clue until our awesome server Selena explained the menu concept. Im the furthest from vegan, i love red meat, chicken, etc...but i will tell you this place was delicious, clever menu, great tasting, comfy ambiance...we will definitely go vegan againVegan restaurant with lots of "meaty" options. We had the nachos, Philly cheese steak empanadas and Chile relenos. They were all flavorful, and I believe used a seitan meat substitute with the nachos being my personal favorite. The nachos were a mass of guac, beans, cheez, "ground beef" and very delicious. The empanadas and Chiles were a bit small for the price, though it came with 2. A little expensive but a nice treat for a vegetarian or vegan who misses some Latin staples.Just returned home from having happy hour at Bar Bombon and had a marvelous evening. While small, the place was cozy and intimate with a funky Latin flare. (Will be perfect for warm weather with its outdoor seating and large open-air windows.) 
The menu was much more innovative and exciting than critic reviews led me to believe. The Brussel Sprout tacos were one of the most exciting dishes I've had in a while - the mango mustard paired with smoked onions took them to the next level. 
The staff also made this place a five star experience. Not only were the bartender and hostess very welcoming, Nicole Marquis (the owner) even chatted with us about her inspiration behind the mango mustard that my boyfriend and I loved so much. 
This place will decently be a regular for us. It's great to have a Vegan take on Latin cuisine in the Philadelphia restaurant scene.I'm definitely not vegan and almost always avoid what can be stereotyped as your overpriced, center city, yuppie-culture hangouts as much as I'm able to..... but I make a huge exception for this place. The food is phenomenal and insanely flavorful, the drinks are delicious and made with fresh juices that they squeeze themselves (not your store-bought syrups), and every dish is really creative and unique. Even my highly carnivorous bf has been very impressed and says he keeps forgetting this is an all-vegan restaurant.
The vibe of this place is really warm and friendly and cozy, never insanely loud like some bars. Some of the best waitresses/waiters/bartenders I've ever met have been here too.
OH, and hands-down one of the best guacs I've ever had. Also really delicious fish and carnes tacos.This place is nothing short of amazing. Food is delicious! I came here with a large group both vegetarians and omnivores included, everyone was blown away by how good everything was. The meat eaters didn't even initially realize that everything was vegan. The drinks were also awesome and didn't taste too sweet or watered down. I still dream of the Tres Leches cake!
The decor and ambiance is tropical and helped us forget it was a freezing night in January. I love that the lighting wasn't dim so that you could actually see the menu and weren't tempted to fall asleep unlike some restaurants. 
Additionally, the staff was very patient and accommodating considering half of the party was late for the reservation and it was a busy Saturday night. Sorry about that! All in all, this place is awesome and I look forward to returning.when I tell you this place is amazing... that is an understatement. I am far from Vegan but I left happy. The Spanish meatballs are so flavorful and filling. The Brussels sprouts were fresh and delicious. Im sad there isnt one in my hometown!Food is amazing, modern decor and modern twist to Mexican Vegan.  Noticed a few fruit flies in the place which was annoying.  Portion sizes are small.  No beers on draft which was disappointing.  But the food makes up for all of this.  Worth a visit but not worth obsessing over like you would with Hip City Veg.Went here for dinner for my anniversary with my better half. Although it is a Latin inspired restaurant, that wasn't necessarily the vibe we got. But nevertheless, the food was worth it. Now... as I've mentioned in other reviews I've made, I am not a vegan in any sense of the word. I must have some animal food on my plate and in my belly at least once a day. That being said, I rather enjoyed the food here. It was delicious, nutritious and I didn't feel sluggish afterwards. The freshness of the food is the first thing you point out after the first bite. It makes you want more. Not gonna lie, I definitely wanted more, as in more punch and flavor. The flavor was there, but it's one of those inexplicable things. Either way, this is a spot I definitely wouldn't mind checking out again next time I'm in Philly.All are welcome but certainly calling All Vegans! Bar Bombóm has a host of Latin inspired dishes and they're cooking up specialties that are ALL plant based. Proteins are made from soy and organic grains. There are plenty forms of Deliciousness to choose from. Great spot for sit down dining or quick bite at the Bar! The bar has a solid selection of tequila but what's even cooler is they have MEZCAL (tequila's badass big brother)!
Enjoy!This place is the best! As a new vegetarian, I'm always excited to try new vegan/veggie places. Bar Bombon is exclusively vegan, but I think that even carnivores would enjoy eating here! The food is delicious and creative. We ordered the buffalo cauliflower tacos, mushroom empanadas and fried beans with rice. Everything was delicious. 
My only gripe would be the service was a tiny bit slow. I will say that we were here at peak dinner time on a Saturday but we were seated at the bar. We ordered drinks (also tasty) but it did take some time for the food to actually reach us. 
Once it did, everything was delicious! Would def recommend checking this place out.Bar Bombon offers some extremely delicious vegan food that will leave your non-vegan friends you drag here wanting more. The highlights here, imo, are the vegan cauliflower tacos (SO delicious and balanced well with avocado), the vegan crispy potatoes, and the vegan corn. Prices are reasonable for the caliber of the food.Not impressed at all with this place. It is very small and packed inside the bar with small tables very close to other tables. The waiter was nice but kept knocking over glass cups due to lack of walking space and nearby tables. They try to create a ambient vibe with dimmed lights, candles, and latin music but failed miserably. The food itself was average at best but some dishes were good. Everything in terms of portion is very small and is not meant for sharing. I gave 3 stars because it was my first Puerto Rican vegan experience but will not go back again.I've been here twice so far. I'm not vegan or vegetarian but I wanted a taco and it looked interesting.
First time I had the Americano Tacos with red chorizo and the Spanish fries. Amazing. I sat at the bar and the bartender was a nice guy. Made me a great virgin mojito.
Second time I sat outside. Their outside seating was in the alley, off the side walk, in the shade, which was nice. It was their Brunch menu and I ordered the Buffalo Cauliflower tacos. Amazing. My friend also ordered the Guacamole Picante. I had some, and while my friend said it had spicy parts, it was very easy for be to avoid the heat. Very fresh, with perfectly ripe chunks of avocado.  
I definitely recommend this place to anyone who lives Mexican/Cuban/Puerto Rican cuisine whether they are vegan or notI expected more for the owners of Hip City Veg & Charlie was a Sinner. Food is underwhelming along with the service. The concept needs work and I am a huge supporter of Vegan food. Disappointing to say the least.I was super impressed by the selection and the quality of the vegan food. What I wasn't impressed with was the sheer lack of customer service from all employees. They were not helpful with figuring out our seating situation and server was blatantly rude to all of us. I would've been a little more lenient if it was just one time but my friends and I went back for brunch the next morning (the food is fucking delicious) and still rude employees. Our food took waaaaaay too long for there only to be 3 tables of customers. New management is a must.Took my 80-something yo parents here today for lunch. I am vegan but they for sure are not. We ordered the Fried Yuca which we practically inhaled (the dipping sauce was heavenly too). I had the Pescado Tacos which were yummy (I almost licked the plate clean) and mom ordered the Salad Bombon which was also delicious (I want to put jicama in everything). My dad ordered a "beef" burrito but I didn't try it however, I will eat the 2nd half for dinner tonight as it was huge. Our server, Robert was amazing. I asked him for suggestions and his choices were perfect. Robert was very friendly and professional and frankly, they are lucky to have him. Thanks Bar Bombon for a lovely dining experience.This place has gotten much better over the last year or so. Getting very close to a "two thumbs up "  from me. Our outdoor dinner here was great last night despite the oppressive heat.Bar Bombon is just okay. While I did enjoy the food and drinks that we ordered, the experience was not ideal. When I arrived at Bar Bombon, it was almost empty yet they said they could not get me a table without a reservation and that the wait would be upwards of an hour; I understood and sat at the bar instead but I took note that the restaurant never filled up. The entire time I was at the bar, there were at least 2-3 unoccupied tables (usually more though..). 
Protip: Happy hour can only be enjoyed at the bar, not at tables. I was initially given a regular menu, it was only upon asking that I received the Happy Hour menu. They only had one menu that I had to share with the other bar patrons until the manager was able to print more. We were asked if we wanted a second drink 4 minutes AFTER happy hour had ended, oops. 
The prices are outrageously expensive. And to top it off, the portions are tiny given the very large prices. 
On paper Bar Bombon sounds like the perfect spot, but I was just not impressed by my experience here.This place may possibly be OK for a sit-down meal, but I was not very impressed by their happy hour offerings. The HH margarita tasted fine, but it was basically a glass packed with ice, filled 3/4 with actual margarita. 
Aside from the margarita, I also had an order of yucca fries and a guava pastry. While the pricing was not ridiculous, I felt like these items were a bit over-priced due to their size. Also, while the yucca fries were nicely seasoned, the pieces I had were very fibrous. It was kind of like eating straw. I spent a lot of time wondering if the next piece was going to be as fibrous and chewy as the last. The filling in the guava pastry was tasty and reminded me of some items I had in Puerto Rico, but the "pastry" part was very dry and crumbly. 
The pricing is not over-the-top for its Rittenhouse location, the decor is nice, and it's possible that a complete sit-down meal might be better. However, for happy hour, this place did not really stand out compared to other spots in this neighborhood.Loved the selection of plant based food and plenty of drinks. Didn't get to try any juice, but those looked great as well. The atmosphere was nice - we sat outdoors and still had an attentive server. Had the chicken and rice soup, a salad, and an entree with my boyfriend and we both left full for under $40.My visit to Bar Bombon was very disappointing.  I was visiting from out of town and thought this looked like a great spot for a relaxing break from shopping.  As a former server, I am pretty forgiving with uneven service - everyone has a bad day.  I regretfully made the decision to sit at the bar instead of a table.  The bartender completely ignored everyone who was sitting at the bar while he carried on a conversation with one of his friends. I had to ask for everything: a menu, a glass water, a refill for my glass of water, silverware and the check.  The bar area is not large and the restaurant was not crowded so it took some effort to avoid customers.  The taco I had tasted great while I was eating it, but I felt nauseous starting about an hour after I ate and for the rest of the afternoon.  The only positive about my experience was the margarita.Great place, sat at the bar and got vegan tacos and vegan nachos, soooo good! After 9 they have reduced price drink and smacks specials. I highly recommend it!It's pretty cozy seating! The food is excellent for dinner. I recommend the guacamole, tacos, plantains.We found this place on Yelp! We had originally wanted to eat at Vedge but it was closed and this seemed like the next best thing. 
We ordered the 3 taco types: buffalo cauliflower, abondigas and americano. The first two were really good; the americano was so-so. We had fried yuca as an appetizer and I loved who crispy it was outside but soft inside. We also had the soup of the day which was a mango, ginger gazpacho with fresh red onion garnishes--yum! I finally tried a horchata (rice milk drink) with cinnamon and it turned out better than I expected and wished they had it in a bigger glass. My father ordered the Cuban Club and loved it!
The waitstaff, especially Andrew, were great. I felt very welcome and taken care of.
Beware! The place is tiny and can get full quickly. Bar is at the front, dinner seating is beyond that.My wife and I sat at the bar. Friendly staff, even to the point of bringing me cayenne pepper from the kitchen to relieve a pressure migraine I was experiencing. The food came out fast and man did it look delicious. I ordered the buffalo cauliflower tacos and my wife ordered the Brussels. The tacos were phenomenal, warm, slightly spicy, firm and held up great eating. Easy to eat. We also ordered the chips and guacamole. Fresh and vibrant flavors. Simple ingredients used correctly. Warm and seasoned chips too. Vegan establishment with an attitude that doesn't hit you over the head when you walk in or dine. Definitely a great place to stop and grab a quick bite to eat to eventually get back out and tour the city. Cost was fair. If any complaints, not a super amount of leg room sitting at the bar. But that is to be excepted. Overall we had a wonderful experience.wonderful, thoughtful, playful plant-based food in the heart of rittenhouse. can't miss menu items: the mi preferida maragarita (con sal, siempre), broccoli taco (house made blue corn tortilla..autentica!), Brussels sprout taco, and the tres leche cake (never thought I'd find a vegan version of my favorite guilty pleasure). Our server, John, was awesome and knowledgable.  As the menu says, once is never enough! Will be back muy pronto.Vegan food is weird sometimes. Soy and other weird stuff is molded together like Play Doh to form vegan fish, chicken, beef and whatever other type of meat you can possibly think of. Sometimes it tastes like shit (or rather, what I'd imagine shit to taste like), but Bar Bombon does the whole vegan thing really really well. Their fish tacos actually kind of tasted like fish tacos and they were surprisingly good. Vegan Mexican food is definitely not for everyone, but if you're in the mood for something familiar but different, Bar Bombon is a good start.What a fun place with delicious food!
Highlights from the menu include Rellenos (plaintains stuffed with veg beef), Sopa de Tortilla, Arepas, "Pollo" Tacos, and Cubano Club. Each of those dishes was unique and tasty and the Cubano Club may have been the best sandwich I've ever eaten. Oh, and the tres leches for dessert was delicate and flavorful and -- well, just order it if you have room after filling up on delicious Latin food!
We ordered a peach-basil margarita as well as a margarita with beets and jabaneros -- both were awesome.
The service was perfect. Our server was friendly and helpful -- and attentive to our requests for water, salt, the check, etc. Our food came out promptly after we ordered it.
The atmosphere was fun and lively. If you want to go on a Saturday night, I think it's wise to make reservations like we did (this may be the case for other nights, too - I just don't know.)
Okay, stop reading and make a reservation already...!Just walked into this place off the street for lunch thinking it looked cute and having NO idea that it was a vegan restaurant (:/). But man was this a place a gem. 
As I'm sure you have gathered, I am not vegan, I am very much an omnivore, so you can imagine my disappointment when I take a closer look at my menu and realize there was not to be a shred of carnitas or crumble of cheese on this latin food. But we had already sat down and received our water...too late to run. I am not a fan of fake meats, just another super processed food, so I started to browse the veggie options. 
As per the super friendly waitresses suggestion I order one veggie taco from the menu (sautéed mushrooms, roasted sweet potatoes, and charred kale) and one of the veggie special tacos ( crispy broccoli with red onion, dill, and lemon) which are served with rice and beans. The food came out quickly and looked so bright and colorful. Both tacos were extremely flavorful, and I would have a hard time picking my favorite of the 2. The rice was good, not too memorable, but the beans....OOOOOOOOHHHH THE BEANS!!! Heavenly. So rich and delicious. I would cut off a limb for the recipe to these things, and they are vegan?! 
The prices were a touch steep, $14 for 2 little tacos, but then again I generally feel like any good (REAL) latin food should not get in to the double digits and I left full. Service was excellence. My only constructive criticism is that I don't understand why they don't do more veggie things on the menu instead of all the fake meats. Fake meats never taste like the real thing and to process them is also bad for the environment ( like real meat). To be honest this place could just sell bowls of beans and be a success...I crave them on the daily.Yeah, pretty good though it's one of those places I would have given three and a half stars if possible. 
I'm not vegan but found the food tasty and well prepared. Different dishes tasted the same. Restaurant is very small and walls are tiled, which made it super noisy and almost impossible to have a conversation. This is a big negative for me. A bit on the pricey side for what you get, though I guess vegan cuisine is labor intensive. 
Sweet waitress (server is what I should say), drinks a bit slow to come but wasn't her fault. 
Not a place I'd go again, but perhaps a good choice for plant based foodies.First of all, Liz- our server, is amazing. Super informative and personable. Great service. The menu looks so good, I'm definitely coming back to try more. Tried brunch here on a Sunday and ordered a few brunch cocktails and the French toast. The La Dee Da cocktail is amazing and refreshing. Also tried the green bloody Maria which was an interesting take on a regular bloody. Would definitely recommend.This is a vegan place. No meat and dairy. Food was ok. This is a narrow, restaurant and tables are too close to others. I skipped dessert because non dairy desserts are not appetizing to me. This is not a child friendly place.Pretty upset with the new menu. The original menu was amazing and I took so many people here. After they changed it to less fake meat and just small plates, it's still similar prices and really the food isn't as good. Bring back the old menu PLEASE!!! It was so much better. Even the margaritas seemed better. I used to say they were the absolute best in town.I love the vibe of this place. Great for happy hour. From the same folks who have Hip City Veg. I love the tacos so much! Def. worth a try you wouldn't even know it was vegan!Amazing spot! Haven't been back to my hometown in over 15 years and was very pleased to find an upscale Vegetarian/Vegan restaurant in the city!  The atmosphere is relaxing and friendly.  The staff is outstanding - especially Mike, the bartender.  The guacamole is freshly made and delish.  My daughter had the combo tacos.  She loves the buffalo cauliflower taco.  My mushroom empanadas were awesome!They changed the menu, making it a small-plate style but haven't changed the menu online, so a total bait-and-switch. Online menu clearly states that tacos are served with rice & beans, but in the restaurant, the menu has them excluded, and placed on the "sides" menu for $7. Food- not that good. Drinks- not that good. Service- not that good. Value-bad! There are at least 2 small-plate style restaurants in downtown Philly that do it right and are worth your money. Patronize Vedge or Charlie Was A Sinner instead.There are only like 8 items on the menu and they only serve soy. The menu says food items have chicken and meat in them, but if you ask, the meat is actually soy. Which is problematic for people with medical needs, people who don't like soy, or people who just want to know what they are actually eating... 
Also the grits are soupy. So only get the grits if you intend on eating soup.Holy shit. This place is the Bomb. So good!
Make a reservation on the weekend. Great drinks. Great food. Small plates so split a few.First off, let me say that I'm super excited this place exists, and I'm sad this isn't higher. Should be two-star review but they get one because I want them to succeed. But they have A LOT of work to do. Like, a ton.
Experience started by trying to call them several times to get details. Apparently they can't hear anything where the phone is set up. Spent 10 minutes on the phone trying to get a basic question answered and they couldn't understand what I was saying.
Went for brunch on Sunday, one week after their opening so kinks should have been worked out. Arrived at 1:10. Got the menu and were told that two of the items weren't being served because they still couldn't figure out how to make the cheese melt. Probably shouldn't be on the menu then, but lots of other good-looking options so okay. Server said she'd be back in a minute so we quickly decided, then waited to get our order taken.
And waited. And waited and waited and waited. Saw our server and half a dozen staffers walk by us constantly in half-empty dining room, no one stopped to check on us or even seemed to notice we were trying to get their attention. For half an hour. Finally, server ran over, apologizing, and saying she forgot about us because someone didn't clock in and they were understaffed. But there were maybe half a dozen other tables and more staffers than patrons. But we placed our order, so yay! This was about 1:45.
You'd think after that they'd rush stuff out. Nope. Waited 15 minutes to get the first item -- an iced tea. I had ordered the horchata and was told it would be along shortly. Waited 5 more minutes. Finally waitress comes running back apologizing -- they're not serving horchata because they "got a bad recipe" (apparently people were complaining because it tasted so bad that they 86d it -- how do you mess up horchata). And why weren't we told earlier? Ahh. Okay, switched to lemonade which takes another 5 minutes to come out. Finally, an hour after being seated, we get our food.
After that, you'd expect perfect food. It was ... okay. 
Guac: Small for $12 (!!!) and needed something -- we added lemon from one of our drinks. Tasted like any old guac I'd make at home.
Iced tea: Expensive for TINY glass filled almost entirely with ice
Lemonade: It was bad, and I love lemonade so I say that rarely. Had that weird powdery taste you get from mixes or old lemons and was extremely watered down -- barely any lemon taste or sweetness. $3.5 for tiny glass. Also the waitress kept offering to refill my companion's drink but ignored mine.
Carne tacos: Okay? Maybe a 4/10. Don't really remember to be honest.
Tofu tacos: 6/10. Tofu, pineapple salsa, some sort of sauce. Decent, but nothing you couldn't make at home and a very small serving. Maybe 4 bites total. The tacos came with a side plate of maybe 10 tiny diced tomato pieces and some lettuce that was nowhere near enough for two servings of tacos. When they came out the sauce has also completely soaked through the tortilla, meaning the bottom half was just liquid and it was impossible to eat like a taco -- had to scoop up with a fork.
Beans/rice that came with the tacos were okay, but beans were definitely oversalted and rice was undersalted.
Most annoyingly, this place falls victim to the plague of Marquis' restaurants: overpricing. Bar Bombon is the worst of all three. We frequent Vedge and have no problem paying good money for good food -- if the food you're getting is worth it. And we're used to NYC prices. But these prices are just ABSURD. 
Consider the tofu tacos. You essentially get a small bowl of beans, a scoop of rice, and a few pieces of tofu with barely any add-ons -- for $15. That probably cost $2 to make, and it's nothing you couldn't do at home. You can get better-tasting tacos that clearly took more effort and money to make, with great service, at V-street for $10. 
The waitress kindly comped the drinks, and even then we ended up paying $50+ for just two tacos and a small bowl of guac. Happy to pay $50 for a $50 meal, but this should have been around $30.
Of course there were plusses. Our waitress was sweet and comped the drinks, and the decor is great (though no AC! So hot). But negatives really need to be fixed: bad service, huge wait, mediocre food, bad drinks and above all significantly overpriced. Would like to come back -- but going to give it awhile to fix itself.I was bored by the cocktails but am swooning just thinking about the broccoli taco. Though it's not listed on the menu, you can order individual tacos for $4 a la carte to get a better sampling of the different options. I was surprised and a bit disappointed to learn that they use Gardein products as the base of their fake meats, like the fish tacos, though they do obviously dress them up very nicely. I mean, I love Gardein fishless filets, but I was expecting a little more from the place.The good: the seitan is incredibly meat-like and as a result the tacos were top-notch. margaritas (especially the beet one) are incredible. service is always great, everything served with a smile.
The bad: Unbelievably expensive for what you're getting. I can't imagine paying $11 for two tacos any other place. 
The ugly: don't get the yuca frita, they're basically massive french fries served with a chipotle ranch sauceI LOVE THIS PLACE! You won't be disappointed! My boyfriend (carnivore) literally apologized for ordering chicken in front of me (because I'm vegan) and then I reminded him he was eating a totally plant-based meal! It's really that good!!This place should be called Bar BOMBon. Because it is essentially the BOMB. Everything was incredible. The yucca fries, the plantains, the salad I had as a main, which was basically like the size of three salads and all studded with grilled corn, croutons, and "cotijo cheese" and tossed in this creamy dressing. So, I pretty much would have been satisfied with just that, but one of my friends wanted to order a dessert, specifically the Tres Leches cake. Well it was a super generous portion, enough for four to share and omg, it was one densely moist bite after another. I think I am basically going to be making this restaurant my second residence.Fun food and great service! I come for the happy hours which differ depending on late afternoon to evening. I adore the cauliflower tacos! The guacamole was whatever. Margaritas are always fun and they have a habanero one that is great if you like spice.I wish I could give this establishment 5 stars unfortunately based solely on the service from the hostess "Bridgette" this review was brought down to 3 stars! The food was great and our waitress was very sweet and helpful! She gave great suggestions and was very attentive! When we arrived for our reservation we were seated in the middle of the dining area. There were several seats available on the perimeter, so we asked Bridgette if we can be moved. She said no because there were other reservations. We would've been fine except that she did move two other parties after we asked! I brought that to Bridgette's attention so she knows we noticed that and maybe giver her a chance to redeem herself. We asked again since there were still tables available but she insisted we couldn't be moved. Yet another party arrived after that to request to not sit in the middle and she moved people around for them!! This was very upsetting but not surprising since all the other folks that were moved were lacking some melanin in their complexion where we didn't! I hate to make those kind of observations especially since this is a "Puerto Rican" restaurant. But you have to wonder why Ole' Bridgette was able to move everyone else at their request but not for us! The food was great but not enough to deserve my repeat business! Bridgette is the first person people see when they walk into your establishment and it is her job to make your guests feel welcomed! MISSION NOT ACCOMPLISHED! Lo siento pero no valio la pena! Pa' fuera!!!!I'm a little disappointed with the food at Bar Bombon. The repollitos fritos was drenched in oil. The charred Brussel sprouts works well with the sweet nuts and sour cranberries. But it was tough to get pass all that oil! I thought the empanadas were quite bland, even with the dipping sauce. The guacamole fresca was descent. However it was very overpriced for size they gave you (a cup or so). I think it could have used more lime and cilantro to boost the flavor.  I thought the best thing were the drinks. The Gardener's Revenge had a good kick thanks to the jalapeno and ginger. It was well balanced with the sprig of thyme.  The bartender also made a good caipirinha. The staff was very nice and attentive. We may come back to try the other items on the menu.Delicious, healthy, and a lovely atmosphere and service. I loved this place and was able to try so many of the dishes because I was there with a group of five others. We ate family-style so we each got to try each dish, which was a great idea. I especially enjoyed the buffalo cauliflower tacos, brussel sprouts.
Authentic, creative, and delicious. Highly recommended!From hip city vedge comes a pretty decent restaurant. I love that this vegan place doesn't really rely on fake meat but rather let's vegetables really represent themselves. This is the exact opposite of hip city in that sense. Unfortunately what bring the restaurant down is its similarity to hip city. Everything is fried! I left feeling sort of gross and not nearly as healthy as I would like. Still worth a try and definitely don't order the Spanish fries but do order the plantains.For the other mommas out there, there's only one highchair at Bar Bombon.  The space is a little tight, especially if you have a super energetic toddler, but our waitress was super sweet and brought him crayons and paper to keep him entertained.  We dined early on a Saturday afternoon and were able to park our stroller in the back, but if the restaurant was fully packed like it became around 12:30pm that wouldn't have worked.     
Anyway, our waitress was very sweet and informative.  
Buffalo Cauliflower tacos were very good.  The side of rice and beans that came with it was DELICIOUS!  Our waitress said the recipe is from the owners mother or grandmother (can't recall) and you can definitely taste tons of flavor and spices.  Our toddler loved the beans mixed with the rice.
Tofu Scramble - I wasn't a fan of this because the roasted poblano tasted way too smokey and strong so I wasn't really able to taste the tofu and mushrooms.   My husband was a fan of the potatoes that came with the scramble.  
Avocado/tomato salad - tiny portion for the price but the olive oil they used was dreamy.Walked in 2 minutes to 11 for brunch; felt sheepish for being the first person... but to my shock, at 11am sharp, there were 3 other groups being seated, and people kept coming in! 
I don't typically go to vegetarian / vegan restaurants, but as my friend is vegan, we chose this place. Oh my... I'm still drooling over our choices. Although we were there for brunch, the lunch menu quickly changed out minds. For the two of us, we shared: 
Empanadas: crispy crunchy, sauce was good, but compared to rest of the meal, eh.
Brussel sprouts: oh my, if you like brussel sprouts, this is a must! Absolute perfection! Perfectly crunch, caramelized onions, a crunch from nuts, and tangy sweetness from cranberries. Yep, we ordered seconds...
Plantains: perfect fried crunchy sweet (but not grossly sweet) plantains... so good we ordered a second plate of this as well!
Buffalo cauliflower taco: now I understand all the rave reviews... 
Nopales enchiladas: loved the cactus with guajillo and onions...
I'm so happy I ordered the brussel sprouts for take away... even cold it's scrummy!!
The one downside is that the tables are on the smaller side, borderline cramped. But don't let that deter you! The servers are sweet and check on you the right amount (not to sound like Goldilocks, but truly, not too much, not too little), the ambience is lovely, and most importantly, the food is scrumptious!Bar Bombon has really good food. The broccoli and brussel sprout tacos are some of my favorites that I've had; I love how original they are in both flavor and ingredients. It's about time we had a great vegan mexican restaurant open up in philly! 1 star is lost for atmosphere issues: my boyfriend and i had a reservation and were stuck at a two-person table in the middle of the restaurant, so people had to constantly slide by us all night. It also got a bit busy, and the hostess came over somewhat abruptly asking if she could take our plates when we still had half a plate of food left each. I know they need to turn over tables, but we had made a reservation and had barely been there 40 minutes; it's just kinda rude.This is a great plus for Center City giving a vegan alternative with really great food at a reasonable price. This is a real plus for the city and well worth the trip.I am not a vegetarian or vegan so when a restaurant keeps me coming back with just plant based foods, I am impressed. The food is so well done here. I usually go with my vegan friends and I love that they have the freedom to order everything and anything on the menu without holding back. Even the bar is vegan.
The atmosphere is super cute and intimate too which is nice for dates or just catching up with friends. 
I will be bringing my meat lover friends here who I know will be super impressed and hopefully inspiring them to eat less meat!
This is my third time here and it wont be the last!! Highly recommended. Vegan or not. (Even better of an experience if you're not)I really enjoyed the flavored Mojitos, the plantains and the the vegan Cubano Club! It tasted like chicken. Meat cravings solvedIt pains me to give two stars because the food was absolutely incredible. I got some tofu tacos that blew my mind. I was there with my friend and the service, which started out good, went downhill as we ended our meal. The waiter completely forgot about us. After waiting for around 30 minutes for the server to come back, we decided not to get another drink and just go inside and try to pay (we were seated outside). We went inside and were ignored for a while. The bartender finally came over after about 10 minutes, and when we explained that we just wanted to pay and leave she gave some pretty extreme attitude and scoffed "You have to settle up with your waiter. Ugh, whatever just hold on". I understand that it is not your job to ring us out, but we just wanted to leave the restaurant. Our server literally never came back. We should have just gotten up and left and not paid at all. Why do you have to get so upset when it takes you less than a minute to ring someone out? It sucks because I want to go back for those tofu tacos but the overall experience was so unpleasant. No reason to be nasty at the customers when your coworker screws up.The server was friendly and had good service. I ordered sweet plantains and nachos with seitan al pastor. The food was just not cooked to perfection. Limp, watery, lack of seasoning. It was filling but the flavors and textures werent thereVery happy Philadelphia offers so many vegan options. Found this place by chance and it was so good that we ended up coming back the next day! The Cubano Club was amazing and the staff was very friendly. Definitely coming back!Feel really bad giving this fine Restraunt 2 stars. Food was actually good. Our service was abysmal. Granted we arrived a few minutes before closing... But one should be able to sublimate their frustration and anger in order to delight the customer. Instead great food was served with a pout and our evening was uncomfortableWe had dinner here tonight with reservations, and it was a good choice.  service was fast and friendly.  server knowledgeable. helped us decide about portions and dishes, because it was our first visit.  All staff was acting as a team and that made the experience really great.  I am not a Vegan, but the food was really satisfying.  Even the beet, lime Margarita was really good and I was just being adventurous on that one...but pleasantly surprised.  Music good and the bartender was even shaking the drink in time.A classy intimate location in a happening neighborhood of Philly. Reservations are recommended. I arrived around 8:30p.m. with a friend and there were no seats in the restaurant available at that time sans reservation, and we sat at the bar which was fine.  The food is Latin-themed, with all vegetarian items. There are many fake meat options available. We both had the Batida cocktail and the sopa de tortilla. The cocktail was delicious, it is creamy, tropical, and flavorful making you feel like you are sitting on the beach!  The soup was fantastic and very filling. Overall, it's a unique concept and nice atmosphere.Very nice. The waitress was friendly. The food came quickly. Very tasty. I LOVED the crabcake. The Bean dip, not so much.My friend and I stopped here on National Margarita Day and we don't regret it! I didn't even realize it was a vegetarian/plant based restaurant. The menu is so far from what you would expect when you hear those words and not at all pretentious.
First of all, they have $5 margaritas for happy hour. And they are big and full of alcohol! For food we ordered the nachos. They were yummy but the proportion of topping to chip was way off. There were about 10 chips but piles to topping. Otherwise good though. Spanish fries were a welcome addition and the plantains were nice and sweet. I would come here again for the food.
I felt service was a little slow, but we came as shifts were switching so I will give them the benefit of the doubt.Vegan Latin American place. Loved the guac! So delicious! Loved the beef empanadas! Th arepa was just okay taste wise. Found it a little tasteless. My colleagues ordered salads - they were huge and looked really good! Price wise found it a little pricey. $68 for 4 people - 2 salads, empanadas, guac and chips, and 2 arepas - $17 per person without gratuity and no drinks - for lunch.Great service and near the farmer's market which is a weekend plus. Buffalo cauliflower tacos were great. Pancakes were good. As a former Angeleno where vegan breakfast abounds and costs much less with more food, I'm hard to please. And since we drove in from Wilmington, I'm thinking, I didn't regret it but won't do it again. It's right off Rittenhouse Sq. Parking is atrocious. If I lived walking distance, I'm sure I'd be a regular.The place isn't very big so it can get pretty busy.  Sat at the bar and the bartender acknowledge me very quickly but took a few minutes to get a drink.
To start, I ordered the beef empanadas, came with two and they were very good.  Excellent appetizer to start with and highly recommended.
For my entree I chose the enchiladas which were also excellent and very flavorful.  Just didn't last long enough on my plate.The first time I went here was a Monday night.  It was so crowded, I  decided to go somewhere else. So the next time I went was a Saturday night and I made a  reservation.  This time it was pretty empty. My partner and I  ordered drinks and an appetizer,  as well as entrées. My drink was nothing special. We enjoyed our appetizer, the platanos. But our entrées took so long to arrive! Twice our waiter came over to say it would be right out. Then another employee came over and said the same thing. We just kept waiting, watching people who arrived after us get served. We had a train to catch after our dinner, and by the time our food came out,  we had to just box it up, and run to make our train. So I was really disappointed that it took so long, and they didn't even give us any kind of compensation  (like a round of drinks while we were waiting). Overall, the food was good, but ruined because we couldn't even enjoy it in the restaurant.The first thing my friend and I noticed when we walked in was that everyone had a nice circular bowl of guacamole. At first I thought it was free appetizers but then I realized everyone ordered it.
For $13 we ordered the Guacamole Picante which has habanero pepper, red onion, and cilantro in it. We did not taste the peppers at all. Please amp up the spice! The guacamole came with salty chips and a couple of yummy banana chips which we enjoyed.
All tacos are 2 for $14. You can mix and match, you don't need to get two of the same kind. We wanted to try the Pescado and Carne tacos.
The pescado is described as "fried, topped with masa sazonada, tartar slaw, and guacamole fresco." While the carne taco was "ropa vieja, plantains, cilantro, and fresh lime." Both of them were a bit iffy for us. We couldn't get over how sweet it was.Stopped in here for late dinner.  Small, cozy place, friendly staff.  We were really impressed with the menu.  For being 100% vegan, everything we tried was surprisingly flavorful.  Dinner and drinks did not disappoint at all.  Can't wait to stop in again.This place has really good food and it's a great place to grab lunch. Try the Yuca Frita and horchata which is really refreshing on a hot summer day.My boyfriend brought me here for dinner on my birthday! I'm so glad we made a reservation (for a Saturday night) because it was PACKED. Pretty sure we would have had to wait a really long time to get seated otherwise. 
I'm not vegan, but all of the food we ordered was fantastic! My two favorite dishes were the Spanish meatballs and the buffalo cauliflower tacos. The meatballs had a realistic texture and the bread was nice and crispy. As for the tacos, you couldn't even tell that you were eating cauliflower! 
We ordered a total of 4 dishes and 2 drinks, so the entire meal was very filling. The restaurant was dark but gave a nice ambience. When I'm back in Philly, I'd love to come back here to try the brunch!Very much enjoyed my first visit to Bar Bombon, which I took with a group (nice touch that you can make reservations in such an otherwise casual environment). The colors were fresh and inviting and it generally feels very clean, though the open-door-policy (as in all the restaurants in Center City these days) does let in flies.
The Guacamole Picante was good: the chips were homemade and plentiful and randomly assembled. The first basket had typical thin chips, a bit unevenly salted as you'd expect from homemade. The second basket had a mixture of thin chips and plantain chips. And the third basket had the aforementioned chips as well as thicker chips with plenty of air pockets, which felt more like crispy wontons. (Yes, we ate a lot of chips with our guacamole!)
One diner had a burrito, in which he subbed in the "chorizo"--outcome, a very good burrito (looked like a whole wheat tortilla). The rest of the table ordered a variety of tacos, which everyone deemed to be delicious, though, my "beef" tacos didn't really taste like beef. The texture was pretty good, and the flavor was nice (especially the plantain chunks!), but definitely not beef--not a complaint, just an observation. Many enjoyed the black beans (seemed to have chunks of yucca interspersed) and the rice, though the rice was not as seasoned as you'd think, being paired with the rest of the flavor palette.
Will definitely return because the Nacho de Macho and the Enchiladas were removed for the day (chef's tweaking) and two diners had been thinking of ordering those two dishes all morning!When we arrived for our reservation for a party of 4, we gave the hostess Jackie our name.  She took our name and wandered to the back. Five minutes later she still had not returned to get us, so we tracked down another employee who told our group that they were getting our table ready.  Ten minutes after that Jackie had returned and told us that our table was not ready because the people sitting at it before us were "taking their time" and still having dessert.  We were crowded around the entrance to the seating area, so two of us decided to take seats at the bar because we had been standing around waiting for so long.  Jackie then asked us to get up because "another couple just called" and she wanted to seat them at the bar where we were sitting.  By this point we had been waiting 25 minutes for our table without so much as an apology for the wait.  Deciding we were really hungry, we asked if it would be possible to at least order some food.  Jackie was dismissive but allowed us to order some guacamole from the bartender.  Finally over 35 minutes past our reservation time, we were seated by Jackie who gave us the fakest "sorry for your wait" any of us had ever heard.  She proceeded to follow this up with 6 instances of carelessly knocking into the back of my chair (causing me to spill things) with only one muttered "sorry" as she raced by. 
For a service business, this behavior seems not in keeping with wanting to retain customers.  Most places would have comped the guacamole or offered a drink to apologize for the extensive wait.  At the very least, most other places would have the manager come by to apologize for the situation.  This establishment made no such effort.  In the end, we felt extremely disrespected by Bar Bombon.
I will say that once we were finally seated, our waiter was lovely and our food was good; however, our experience with the hostess left a mighty bad taste in our mouths.I cannot give enough stars!!!!  Loved every moment here. Cute little spot decorated perfectly. Our server Andrew could not have been better. Super knowledgable and gave great recommendations. We got a ton of food, superstars were the chorizo empanadas, seitan skewers, buffalo cauliflower tacos, brussel sprout tacos, tostadas... Basically everything. Chef Chris came out and talked w us.  He was so nice. Very cool he took the time to come out. Tres leche for dessert.... Omg. A thousand thumbs up!!Best frozen margarita in Philadelphia, hands down. And trust me, I've searched everywhere for this. They make the margs in a slushy machine & they're perfect every time.Really good food and service.  I have visited several times and have always left satisfied.   The service is consistently done well.Came here for CC Sips, the featured drink was really good. The Spanish meatballs were amazing - the sauce! - would come back for these. The Yuca fries were decent. I would probably have enjoyed the cauliflower tacos more if they had used a sauce other than buffalo. The guac and chips were a bit salty and greasy for my preference but overall it was a positive experience.Can't speak to the food but the drinks and ambiance are great. I like the Vegan Latin combo. My veg friends loved it.I was craving a mojito and a friend found this place on Yelp. The reviews were fantastic so we decided to give it a try. I ordered a strawberry mojito and I am not disappointed. I also love the fact that there are seats outside! Such a cool place!This place is awesome! the staff is friendly and efficient, and the food is baller. we have been several times for lunch during the work day. easy to call in, place an order, and pickup within 15 minutes at the front bar. my personal favourites are the beef empanadas and the tostones. wash it down with a mexican coke, can't argue with that!Took my boyfriend here for dinner last night. We are both omnivores, and we enjoyed every bite. I ordered "la preferida" an AMAZING beet based margarita, which really took me by surprise. We ordered a couple different plates to share and everything was outstanding, but the beef empanadas were really next level. The staff was helpful and prompt. I wish we had room for dessert, but we will definitely be back soon! This place has a cozy, warm vibe that I haven't found replicated anywhere else in the city.The food is great.  Waitresses are good. Host/hostess consistently mediocre /rude. This has  the potential to be a great restaurant but front service is disappointing.Definitely one of the better vegan places! I liked the ambiance and style of the restaurant, service was great and quick, but I wasn't in love with the food. I got the enchiladas and they were good but I felt like they were missing something. I definitely want to go back and try the other menu items! I've heard the Cuban sandwich and nachos are amazing!!!Love this place! Really good food, environment and service. We got some of the happy hour tacos and margaritas, which were a great deal.Oh. Em. Gee! I was thrilled to find this play when I was on a 5-hour layover.  Vegan food with a Cuban twist?  Heck yeah! I'm a bit late writing this review so I have to recall what I ordered.  Hmmm...
I started out with the Cuban street corn--man oh man that was good.  The seasoning was perfect and it had a bit of a kick to it. Next up were the Nachos--a classic done well.  Not overly sauced, right ratio of chips to toppings--no complaints.
I THOROUGHLY enjoyed the food here--can't imagine what this place is like on a nice summer day but I hope to find out!Wow, what a disappointment. We were really excited to give this place a try, as my vegan cousin is always on the hunt for delicious vegan nachos. The menu we looked at online looked huge and tasty and perfect for a vegan who also loves latin American food. But everything about the evening from start to finish was underwhelming to say the least. 
Our waitress, when she was around, was friendly, asking us about other vegan restaurants in the area and making recommendations. But we repeatedly had to ask for water refills, and one of our cocktails took over 15 minutes to be delivered. They also squeeze you in pretty tightly, meaning you're basically dining with your neighbors, which ended up being ok because we were seated near some very friendly people. It just detracted from the atmosphere a bit. Plus, the menu we were given was different than the one we saw online, and was much more limited in options.
As far as the food goes, the "lamb" meatballs were fantastic. Probably the only reason I'm giving this review 3 stars instead of 2. They had a nice mouthfeel that actually felt more like an actual meatball. The sauce they were served with was nice and rich and the dish as a whole was very impressive.
The rest of the food fell pretty flat. The cheez sauce on the nachos needed to be sharper or have more flavor, and althought they do pile them high with toppings, they kind of fall a little flat. Nothing really stands out about it. 
The Cubano club was mostly bread, and not treated like an actual Cubano (they didn't press the sandwich the way I was expecting). The sauce on the sandwich was good, but sparse, and the ratio of bread-to-toppings left a lot to be desired. 
The mushroom empanadas were also fine, but nothing special. They also needed more salt or spices to make it taste like anything ore than mushroom and pastry. 
Their after 9 latenight happy hour could be a reason to come back, with $6 select cocktails (like their house margarita, which isn't anything special, but at $6, can't be complained about) and a few deals on snacks and Mexican beers.Have I really not yet written my review of Bar Bombon yet? I adore this place. I was there opening night and I've enjoyed seeing their recipes evolve. It just keeps getting better and better. Bar Bombon is one of my three favorite restaurants in Philly right now, and I go there pretty often. I even found myself there on New Year's Eve! Some of my favorites include the Mexican Hot Chocolate, the Tortilla Soup, the Burrito, the Empanadas, the Yuca Fries, and the Arepas. It's one of very few restaurants where I don't get stuck in rut and order the same thing every time because there are so many things I love.
Also, the decor is adorable and the service is excellent. I've never had a bad experience here.
One thing I loved about living in Miami before I was vegan was the food. Bar Bombon tastes like Miami to me. Well done, Nicole! Highly recommend.First time coming to this location and eating a vegan course. This place was amazing, a week after eating here and I am still thinking about the food! Amazing!!Man this place rocks!!! It's by the same owner who created Hip City Vedge and is literally two doors down from it. The food rocks! It's actually really authentic Spanish food beseeched being just vegan, so I had to try it out!
My friend and I bought a variety of things to sample and charged everything. The prices are a little expensive and start really adding up when you order a lot of things, so it's good to go with a friend. 
I ordered the stewed Yuca and plantains with beef on top. My friend ordered the sweet grilled plantain and the corn pita like sandwich stuffed with tofu inside...I forget what it's called...
Besides the point. The food was so good!!! It takes a while for the food to cook, so make sure you have time! They do take out, which operates slightly faster than their fancy sit-down. I'm used to Hip City Vege, where you're crammed in the corner of the room (due to lack of relax space) and getting messy with your oversized burger that drips sauce down your hands after each bite. This was nice refreshing change up to be able to sit down and enjoy my food with metallic silverware. There is a bar area--which is a little crammed--but the back and outside is spacious. With the portion size and food placement, you could tell they were trying to shoot for the casual to upscale feel Charlie Was A Sinner or VStreet has. Their portion sizes were bigger than those two, but they were smaller than Hip City Vedge's I'd say.
Service was great! People were very nice and excited about the opening of the restaurant. I would deff come here again, but maybe order a little less, because my bill was pretty high at the end of my sampling dinner!Too expensive for bad food and ok drinks. Ordered the batida and blue berry margarita. The bartender totally messed up the drink while making it by adding the wrong ingredients and needed back up iYou would never know the food here is vegan. Have eaten here for both brunch and dinner. The food is excellent. The Cubano club was very tasty and filling. The Tres Leches cake is to die for. The chairs are slightly uncomfortable, particularly the benches against the wall, but other than that I have been very happy with my experiences here.Good food, bar scene and outdoor seating.  Very fine service. Just very very loud. Would go back for happy hour and apps.Great vegan restaurant!
It's great to have Latin food that is vegan. Everything is tasty. The plantains were my favorite, the flavor was amazing!
Definitely loved the fact that the owners are Hispanic!I'm a meat eater and I think this food is great!  Everything here I had was vegan and I still left super satisfied.  I've been here four times already and it's on my standard list of places to visit when I host out-of-town family/friends.
This is my favorite vegan establishment in Philly so far.  Great cocktails, food, and service.  Try the bean dip and the buffalo cauliflower tacos - they're two of my favorites!Absolutely loved it!!! I went vegan about 11 months ago and there are certain dishes that you just can't help but want still. Let me till you!! They had me at tres leches!! Haha. We had the ranchero bean dip with chips, cubano, and the tres leches and everything was amazing!!! I highly recommend and will be returning!!Originally I'd be the first to run from the suggestion of vegan but this place is unbelievable. The cubano tasted like meat, chicken or pork I couldn't ascertain. The tacos were awesome as well as the Spanish meatballs. I will definitely come back for more.My wife and I were looking for a good Vegan restaurant while in Philly and we found this gem! Honestly, it was the best meal out we have had in a very long time! Our waitress, Arina, was super friendly, helpful, and fun. We will without a doubt be back the next time we are in the area!I tried this place last summer and seemed to have gotten sick from the yogurt in the buffalo cauliflower tacos. After that, I avoided this place despite all the great reviews from friends and family. I gave this another shot recently and I was reluctant, but overall thrilled at my decision. The food was great, I loved the nachos and the Cubano! The guacamole is delicious too. Service was excellent, great place for happy hour.Visited bar bombon with two friends for a casual dinner and was impressed by the food and ambiance! Loved the interior of the restaurant. It looks like a quaint, tiny bar from the street but opens up to a pretty spacious dining room inside. The service was excellent. We happened to eat during happy hour (we arrived at 6 on a weekday) and I was pleasantly surprised by the wide variety of items on the happy hour food and drink menu. Food was excellent, we particularly enjoyed the chips and guacamole, Brussels sprouts, plantain appetizer, crispy potatoes, and "crab cakes". Only one in our party was vegan and it was so nice to be able to split and enjoy the whole meal together. Will definitely return!