Enjoyed our time here recently. We were greeted warmly and got a nice table by the window promptly. 
Service. 5 STARS ABSOLUTELY this is how you Do service. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. Made suggestions and brought samples. Checked up on us and was a delight. I'd give her 10 stars if I could. 
The boards are an absolute MUST. 
Great beers and cocktails. 
You really can't go wrong. The boards are up to you. Have all veg or all protein or mix it up. 
Everything we had was well presented. We had a mix of proteins and veg. Only thing was everything was really over salted. Lacked any other spices or herbs. Pepper would  have been nice. Hence the 4 star.  I missed any hint of an acid or sweetness. The breads and roasted baguette pieces were definitely on point.  In hindsight I would have ordered a salad too. 
Dessert. Disappointed that our first choice was sold out. As was our first choice in Beer. Sad. 
Tasty cake was a novel attempt.  A little heavy on the peanut butter but fun nonetheless. 
Cobbler was a nice ending and 5 stars for not being overly sickeningly sweet. Thank you for that! 
All in all very enjoyable considering so many other eating establishments in the area are at solid 3 stars. For a reason! 
We will definitely be back!Nice atmosphere, clean bathrooms and good strong drinks. We were only there for a short period of time but the cosmos definitely got us right before we were on our way. I didn't get the bartender's name but shout out to him & his heavy hand.fun local bar in the neighborhood. plenty of outdoor seating when the weather is nice. Food and drinks are exceptional as well. Meat and cheeseboard is always a good idea here! The chicken bites are also delicious to snack on. Menu changes but everything is delicious!I went here last Saturday with my girlfriend and my father, and I was absolutely blown away. 
I'll start with the drinks. One of the owners is an old friend of ours, and when we inquired about the beers (all brewed on-site!!) he brought us a sample of his 5 favorites. They were all fantastic, but my favorite was the House of Bitterness, a delicious IPA. I would have been very happy with all of the beers I tried. 
For food, we ordered a bunch of dishes and shared everything. In terms of highlights, the Hooked up Frites were just unbelievable. Brisket was very tender and flavorful. 
The mushroom and spaetzle was perfect. The large charred oyster mushrooms were a perfectl complement to the soft spaetzle. 
The chocolate chip cookies came out warm with the chocolate chips just beginning to melt. 
I can definitely see this place becoming hugely popular. They have a great selection of house-made beers, delicious new-American comfort food, and a super cozy atmosphere. Can't wait to go back and try more things.Bar Hygge was an experience that didn't disappoint in any way...food, service, ambiance, and value.  Further, the restaurant has an expansive selection of craft beers and wines that pair extraordinarily well with the menu.  I look forward to returning again in the near future to sample additional items!Hey now, this is just what Fairmount Ave. needed. This place has a great ambiance and the staff were wonderful. We came in around 6pm on a Wednesday and were seated quickly. I started with an Aperol Spritz (draft) and it was tasty! I split the waffle (chicken) wings with Dining Partner and a buddy. I've had a rendition of these in Upstate NY and these were comparably delicious. I highly recommend them!
All three of us ordered the burgers, two of which were charred much past the medium well we ordered, but it's understandable because they're just starting out. The waiter and food runner (manager maybe?) we very attentive and constantly asked how we liked our food. After we paid our bill, they didn't rush us out in fact they invited us to stay and hang out. Can't wait to come back for more!Nice staff, good food, calm decor, decent prices. Not much more you can ask for. I will be back.This place is awesome. Love the cocktails and the beers. However, the wine on draft is my favorite. I also love everything on their menu. You can order whatever and it's amazing. I love the boards! I love two blocks from this place and I tell all my friends about it. Great service as well.I've been here twice now and I can honestly say that I wish I had a better experience. It's new to the area, which made it exciting. 
Sadly, the beer list is mediocre and service is weird. I'd still come back, I guess but not any time soon. 
The most important part is that the food is awful in quality and portion. We got the cheese/meat/veggie board. There was nothing on there that was worth the price we paid. The food was so mediocre and I had to rip at the meat because the slices weren't laid out well, just slumped. I'm sad to say that the food and price doesn't meet the expectations held.Great food, atmosphere and crowd! We had Hygge Boards as appetizer which included beer tartar & house smoked brisket - all very tasty and perfect for sharing among 4 ppl. I had Grass-fed Beef Burger - medium rare - was delicious, juicy and just the right size. Excellent beer selection - RunnerUp Belgium-style pale was great with my burger.
We reached after 10 PM on Thursday night and stayed past their usual kitchen closing time but the staff was very accommodating and courteous.I really wanted to like this place, but the menu is lacking. Also, it's a bit pricey for the portions. My husband ordered a grass fed beef burger and I had the quinoa veggie sliders. Don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad, I just wasn't overall impressed for price and portions. Maybe if we go back again we'll try some different items. The place is super cute and cozy inside so bonus points for that!I really wanted to like this place.  I live pretty close, and I like the idea of a spot brewing their own beer on location.  For a few weeks, I window-shopped, as the Friday/Saturday crowds looked pretty solid, but as of late it's definitely died down. We stopped in on a Friday night around 7:00 and the place was 3/4 empty.  Not sure if this is a harbinger of things to come, but after experiencing the restaurant, I understand the drop off, and hope that some changes can be made.  Here's the deal:  
- Atmosphere:  The place looks cool.  Can't argue with that.  It has a very warm, wooden, pub feel with couches, etc.  No complaints about the service.  Did think it was kind of funny that everyone working there looked like a hipster straight from the west coast, but I think that's what they're going for.
- The food:  This is honestly the main problem.  The food is an afterthought here.  And a pretentious afterthought at that.  If you want tasty pub fare, you're in the wrong place.  They have a burger, which is solid, but after that you're looking at a board topped with acorn squash, 'unique' cheese, pork cheeks, etc.  They have pulled pork on the menu, but wait it's vegan and made with mushrooms.  You can pay 20 bucks for some cauliflower crusted in sunflower seeds, but (and I may be in the minority here) that's not what I'm looking for at a brewpub, even a new-age brewpub like this.  The chef obviously knows what he's doing, but the menu is holding this place back from becoming a neighborhood favorite.  Bottom line, you can be exciting and unique while still putting out food people actually crave.
- The beer: I like a range of beers.  I'd probably consider myself a Pale Ale or IPA guy, but I'll definitely drink a Guinness or lager if the mood strikes.  I tried a few.  First, the porter--this was advertised as w/balsamic. Yep, it was a heavy salad dressing.  The next beer I tried had juniper and birch tree bark in it.  And those flavors shone through.  Then I had something lighter, which basically tasted like nothing.  Making beer is cool.  Making unique beer is cool.  It is, I'm sure, very exciting to announce a beer that has been infused with this or that wild ingredient, but at the end of the day the enterprise should still be about flavor and not about your innovative practices as a brewer.  This is lost here.
For what this place costs, we probably won't be back.Bar Hygge was a stellar experience. I was definitely impressed how the owners made it distinctly different from Earth Bread, it's sister restaurant. 
The interior is a thoughtful blend of modern and rustic finishes. Seating abounds, and the room on the left features a great, casual drinking room.
Their beer is brewed in house, and it is on point! I had the IPA and it easily compares to the gold standards you might have. From a local perspective, this spot by far out does Tired Hands and other micro breweries. HOWEVER, the cocktails left no lasting impression, despite their enticing descriptions. 
For food, we did several of the charcuterie plates. The options, ranging from meatballs to ceviche, were smashing additions to what you might traditionally expect. The Brussels sprouts stole the show for me. A great value for $29.
Only complaint would be the almost intentional move from the waiter to leave glasses, plates, etc on our small table. It doesn't make sense to leave empty beer glasses and dirty plates when they are no longer in use. Since we had 9 people, this got to be a little much.
Overall though, I can't wait to go back and enjoy more of their food and beer.Unique, fresh, delicious beer- inventive, outstanding food selection. Can not wait to go back.The service was atrocious. Our waiter was fishing for tips. He even told us how another table gave him a bad tip in order to guilt us into giving him a better tip. I find that completely insulting as someone that has worked in the business and never give less than 20%. The food was okay, the wings were horribly soggy and not even fully coated with batter, which made them oily. The same waiter that was fishing for tips didn't even put the full order in so we had to wait for a third burger to be made with two already in front of us. Then the horrible waiter didn't even take it off the bill. Maybe I would go back to sit at the bar, but I'd never eat at a table because I wouldn't want to have that waiter again.Came here after visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary, which is just a few blocks away.  Cozy place to warm up and have a few drinks.  The food was above the average bar fare.  We had the Fried Buttermilk Chicken Bites (watch out for the spicy peppers) and Hygee Fries - Hook'd Up (the smoked brisket is a bit fatty but the house whiz and crispy onions is amazing).  They only serve house-made draft beers which were fun to try since we were just visiting but would have enjoyed some standard beers as well.Had my birthday brunch here last Saturday morning and it was fantastic! They were very accommodating with my 8 party group and with the "call ahead" option we had no wait time at all. Our waitress was very attentive and nice. The food was awesome. We ordered the blueberry cornbread for the table and it was the perfect size to share for everyone. 
Everyone enjoyed their drink as well. I got the Seasonal Punch which was splendid. Light and refreshing. The rim of the glass had crushed herbs on it and it was awesome.
For my meal I ordered the 2 eggs any style which came with home fries & house toast ($10). I added a side of pork roll for $2 extra. If theres one dish that helps you judge a place's brunch menu it's this. It was awesome. the bread was fresh, eggs perfectly cooked, happy Ashley.
honestly, everyone at the table loved their food. This establishment also offers outdoor seating which I will be doing the next time I come and the weather is nicer! thanks again!Excellent bar setup. This place is decorated so great. Don't come here if you're looking to watch a game, there are no TVs. We came for brunch and it was really good. I got the breakfast sandwich which came with home fries. The waitress recommended a specialty drink the hotty toddy. Very good. The bartender makes all the mixers from scratch.We started with a round of drinks, after trying a perplexing cucumber and salmon sandwich brought out from the kitchen (which tasted mostly like cream cheese).  Our group of four ordered the sour ale, the house lager, and a (small) glass of the draft Pinot Gris ($10).  Both ales were underwhelming, with the sour ale lacking any sourness at all.  We then ordered one of the 3-choice boards - the duck with tarragon, the pickled cauliflower, and the goat cheese.  This was maybe the highlight, as at least everything on the board was tasty.  
We then ordered our main courses.  My wife had the Quinoa sliders.  For $14 for a non-meat slider, it came out with 2 small sandwiches that came without the advertised cheese.  $14.  I had the cauliflower that was crusted in sunflower seeds.  It seemed hastily thrown together, and the vegetables underneath it, along with the cauliflower, were dry in spots and overcooked in others.  Our friends split the wagyu beef, which they enjoyed and the sauce was good.  We ended the night with another round of beers, the Phoebe and the house lager.  The Phoebe was again underwhelming.
While a nice idea in theory, Bar Hygge seems more concerned with appearances than the proper execution of its menu.   An ambitious menu that falls flat on many fronts.I went to this restaurant based on the reviews. Food was decent; however service was biased. After ordering one drink I was asked to show ID. I did, no problem. Then waiter then returned to ask for my ID again. I gave him my ID a second time. When my guest arrived and ordered a drink, he did not ask for her ID. I asked management about their ID policy and they could not explain what happened. I will not visit or recommend this establishment again.Nice beers, everything I had was above average.  Their Perkuno's Hammer Baltic Porter was the standout. I had a burger with bacon and a fried egg on it, served with homemade home fries, all were also well above average. Several families were there dining with young children, everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. 
Slight negatives, the bartenders all seemed to be somewhat "robotic", not overly chatty, but not annoying in any way, and you have to deal with street parking, which sometimes can be a hassle, but overall, I'm nitpicking and it's a very cool place. Fellow beer snobs should like it.What's not to like?  The best food and best staff on Fairmount Avenue, together with delightful brewery products.  Dog-friendly sidewalk tables with awnings.  We come for dinner and weekend brunch.    Try the small-plate "boards," especially the pork speck, and the stonefruit or kale salads.This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. The food is SO DAMN GOOD. Everything is fresh and thoughtfully prepared. The service is friendly and quick and the owners are always on the floor and treat everyone like family. They just changed their menu for spring and it truly FEELS like springtime in every bite! 
I'm drinking the Citra Lemon IPA right now and can't recommend that highly enough. You can't go wrong with any of the cocktails. Also definitely try the Stone Fruit salad. Dang, I love this place.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Love the option to mix and match with the boards.  Also appreciate the different beers on tap especially the "grinding groves" because it has such an interesting flavor.  Can't wait to see what is on deck from the Brewers.  Hoping that a sour beer could be up soon.I want to give this place 4 stars but I can't. We loved this place but the main dishes weren't that good. I had the buttermilk chicken bites.  I don't typically order chicken when I go out to eat but really wanted the fried pickles that I thought would come with it.  I didn't really understand why the pickles were fried with the chicken bites.  It was a clump of fried chicken thighs and pickles which meant that not all of the batter was fried/crispy. It was fully cooked though! I was just expecting the fried pickles to be fried pickle chips completely separate from the chicken.  My boyfriend had the burger and it was ok but overcooked. The boards were phenomenal though! When we come back we will probably just get the boards and dessert. Flourless chocolate cake is one of my favorite desserts and Bar Hygge's version of it was delicious!! My boyfriend loved the green tea donuts. Blackberry sangria was really refreshing and my boyfriend enjoyed their beers they brew on site.Great Family restaurant! We love their brunch better than dinner but great neighborhood joint and they are great with kids!! 
Brunch- cinnamon bun special was amazing as well as the poached eggs!Had a wonderful time here last night with my sister's and niece. The food was as good as the presentation! And the service was excellent. Out server Liz was so sweet and the owner came over to check on everything! That doesn't happen very often these days. The decor is very comfortable and tasteful. We will be back!! Thank you!!My experience here stated off pretty badly with an offensive menu featuring a "Border Wall Sandwich"  sad to also report that the food didn't help either. They like to call onion rings "crispy fried onions" instead of onion rings and my Pan Seared Skirt Steak was cold and salty. I wouldn't try this place again but if I found my self forced I'd just have beer for dinner.Really impressed. Went on a Saturday, mid afternoon for drinks and an early dinner with my wife and a friend. Lovely vibe, very cool and chill. The beers, all brewed on premises, were all excellent. Different sizes, no complaints at all from us. Service was friendly and attentive, and the menu switched up mid visit. There was a limited almost snack menu between lunch service and dinner starting. So we started with the hooked up frites, which were absolutely tremendous. Fries were yummy, smothered in house made smoked brisket, home made whiz, and thin onion rings. Really original, really different. As we snacked, the dinner service began at 4:30pm and we ordered again. We had one of the boards, a delicious combo where we got to choose the crispy brussels, some delicious cheese and really yummy pork rillettes. The breads were great as well. They were a new addition to the menu and I'm glad we snagged them. Both my wife and I ordered the pan seared skirt steak under the recommendation of our server - really well prepped and delicious. The entrees took a little while, and our server was super sweet and brought us over some more bread and another order of the brussels and cheeses because she felt bad. Very unnecessary but a lovely touch. We enjoyed everything immensely, and will absolutely be back. Awesome new spot.This is a nice little gastropub break from the heavy-hitting restaurants in Philly. We showed up late in the evening without a reservation, but we were able to get seated in the lounge-couch area. We got a hygge board of 5 different tapas, including octopus, fall terraine, mole mushroom mousee, mac and cheese and pork speck. For main meal, we shared the hygge fries, the fried buttermilk chicken bites, the mussels, and cauliflower. The mole mushroom was definitely my favorite, as it was the most unique presentation of mushroom I've had so far in Philly. The mac and cheese was quite forgettable, and the mussels were too few to comment effectively. The chicken bites were...well, the cheapest protein options and weren't bad, but also not remarkably mindblowing. The hygge fries were actually quite delicious, especially since I haven't had thick cut fries in some time. My wife got the seasonal punch, which had enough sugar to bankrupt a hospital's supply of insulin for the year.
Overall, I was glad that the establishment accommodated us by seating us on the lounge chairs, but the overall presentation and spin of the food made the entire event a forgettably expensive experience.
Service: 3 stars (they kept on forgetting our meal request)
Food: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 3 starsThis is the kind of place you hope opens up in your neighborhood.  It has an interesting and thoughtful menu, it's family friendly, and it makes considerable effort connecting with the neighborhood.  We've been only a few times, and the owners remember us every time we walk in.  Fairmount has had some misses over the last few years (as well as a handful of notable hits), and it really needed a welcoming, warm, consistent, restaurant/pub that caters to the Fairmount baby boom (and everyone else).
They also just recently stepped up their desserts.  Don't pass them up if you have any room in your belly after dinner.contrary to what i said before, i realized it's really good food and not so stellar beer. I realized the actual dishes (not the small plates) are great, but the beers just feel a bit meh... but still great service and friendly atmosphere.This place is excellent.  The food, service and ambience is 5 star.  The Reuben Duck Wings and Pan Seared Skirt Steak were excellent.  Definitely visiting again.With an ideal location and inviting space, I wish I could like Bar Hygge.  The menu doesn't reveal any tempting dishes and the small plates are surprisingly expensive.  I spent $25 on appetizers that fell flat and were more pretty than satisfying.  The bar has a wide selection, so I assume that is their strength.  But I think they will have to improve their kitchen if they hope to be a neighborhood retreat.Amazing service, food, drinks, and beer . They brew all their own in house beer. Our waitress was super sweet and they allow dogs to sit and join you while you eat at their outdoor seating tables, and they bring them fresh clean water bowls too . Their cheese boards are hugeeee the 3 item pick is enough for 2 people . I don't even think we got through it all. We had to take our burgers home without even taking a bite. We will deff come back here.Super cozy! Love how you can pick and choose multiple items for boards. Limited menu but decent food.I don't get some of the mediocre reviews. I am a super food and beer snob and I absolutely love this place. Beer is amazing, fresh and original! Some of the food is hit and miss but the vegetable boards are high-end quality restaurant at very reasonable prices. This is place is a gem!Awesome ambiance and beers. Just wish we lived closer so we could be regulars! Highly recommend just dropping in for great beers / drinks or doing a full on dinner ...A little pricy, but really good cocktails and cheese boards. It's a relaxed vibe but definitely cool enough to bring a date.Cool spot. Great beer on tap with a varied menu including small plates along with burgers and other interesting dishes. Highly recommended. Great HH spot from 5-6:30! Very reasonable prices with a friendly staff.Yesterday we drank and ate a bunch of things. In fact we had excellent service, a nice table and gastro pub food. The owners were on board, and quite helpful. As a Resturant it was hectic loud and friendly.
Two burger dishes, a Brussels dish, lentil salad, ice burg salad. A special little treat at the beginning. We drank, grinding grooves,ripsnorter, a light orange style, a Belgium sour and a local Chamberg wheat. It was nice to savor their own inspirational beers with other beer producers. The home brews compared with Tired Hands and Forest & Main were more comercial and not special . To predictable there was no wow factor. It tasted  much like a hipper Yards with well prepared food In the Fairmount section. it is a welcome new addition.Bar Hygee has an industrial meets brew pub vibe. It is welcoming and relaxed. We visited on a warm July Sunday night and were seated without a wait. 
We ordered the Hygge board with a choice of 5 items. We chose three proteins, one vegetarian and one cheese option. Everything was excellent and unique from the octopus to the chicken confit and the blue velvet goat cheese. We also ordered the muscles and kale salad. The muscles were in a very tasty beer broth with leeks. The kale salad included roasted golden beats which I really liked. I am not a huge beet fan but these were very good. We had a couple of beers with our food and these were also quite nice and reasonably priced.
For dessert we chose this blackberry-rhubarb tart thing with pistachio gelato. This was also excellent and not overly sweet. 
We really liked our meal at Bar Hygee and I am looking forward to going back and trying their brunch. Service was very good our whole time and our food came out pleasantly quick.
4 solid Yelp starsBrunch here was awesome! I got the monte cristo waffle strata - never ever had a dish like this before and it was delicious!  Who would have known turkey, prosciutto, gruyere cheese, maple dijon mustard, and seasonal jam all go together so well.  My husband got the burger and he raved about it.  
We came here before visiting the eastern state penitentiary.  Great spot to grab beer and some great food before seeing all the Philly spots.After some initial bad experiences with this place, I have really come to enjoy Bar Hygge. It has become a favorite part of going to yoga at Yoga Habit and then Hygge for dinner/drinks afterwards. 
They finally have a happy hour but it is just okay in my opinion. Not much to it or variety but at last they had a food option with it. I like their food boards (3 for $18, 5 for $28) and cocktail list. One day we were at the bar and got truffle popcorn to snack on. I think I ate ungodly amounts of that....reediculous. I don't drink much beer but it looks like they have a good selection. Love the variety of seating, too. Cool for a couple of people of larger groups.Pretty cool new bar opening up in Fairmount! Came here with some lady friends for happy hr and was pleased with some things and not for others.
Happy Things:
1) Waffle wings, all the cheeses we got, morrocan sweet potatoes, duck, the loaded fries (can't remember what they were called) 
2) The wait staff was INCREDIBLY attentive. And I mean it. I'd say every 5 - 10 minutes our waters were refilled and someone asked if we needed anything. Sometimes two people came within a minute of eachother. 
3) Such a cool ambience! Loved the decoration in there
Sad, but also kinda happy Things:
1) No happy hr
2) Their house made beers are pretty good, but most are miss than hit. The hit ones, however, they hit spot on. I tried the balsamic porter (no taste of balsamic, but damn a tasty porter). And I tried another one that was close to the top of their house brew, which was a lager and delicious. 
3) VERY expensive (at least for a gal making an average salary, but $14 for mac and cheese? No thanks..)
Overall, I'm glad I experienced it, but may not go there for a whileGreat atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious bites. Loved the cheeseburger! I don't drink beer or wine but they had pretty good cocktails.I really like this place.. The atmosphere is really cool and the food is great and high end for a bar..the first time I came here they had a smoked beer I loved so much and it hasn't been on the menu since. I really hope they bring it back..they do have a great beer selection. Nothing that wows you but really good. If your looking for a nice atmosphere w great foods and drinks w outdoor seating then def come here!Great vibe, a little pricy for regular dinner, but great place if you are looking for a weekend hang-out dinner. The menu is not bad, still feel like it's in the trail now. Dessert-bread pudding! Board-Brussel and squash!My group of 6 got here at 6:30 on a Friday and it was half full. By the time we left at 8ish it was packed!! Bar Hygee is in the ESP/Spring Garden area off Cowahill. 
The food we had was great but honestly it's a weird menu. Half of us got the burger, the other half got the pulled pork. We also tried the chicken app and squid ink pasta.
The desserts were good. My first tasty cake experience! Mixed drinks and beers were delicious. Apparently they make their own beer which is pretty cool. They also have growlers.
It was a cool experience but I wouldn't be a regular."Hoo-guh"
Techne Brewing brews on-site - the house beers were good and reasonably priced ($6 for a full serving whether pint or tulip depending on the brew). Definitely true microbrew style - not the best beers in the world, but all had something creative going-on - nothing ordinary out of the few that I tried. My favorite was the IZZI Brown Ale.
For food, I got one of the "boards" - the mix-and-match nature of the board items is pretty cool and goes well beyond typical cheese and charcuterie. I was dining solo and I got a three-item board - the portions were generous and it was more than enough for dinner. In particular, the Crispy Brussels were great.
There's nothing else quite like it on Fairmount Ave. at the moment. Out of the places I've visited in the neighborhood, it reminded me of Alla Spina in some ways, in terms of the extent of the menu (lots of "small plates" via the "boards", and a few larger dinner items), and the atmosphere in general - a upscale but still casual and comfortable with some rustic touches.
No TVs at the bar, which I suppose is part of their desired ambiance, but practically speaking, I'm sure they'll be missed on game days. Also, there is a single unisex bathroom on the main floor - the men's and women's rooms are remotely located in the basement - it wasn't an issue for happy hour, but I could see it seeming a bit inconvenient if posted-up there for a few hours on a weekend night.Very fatty food without the flavor to justify the stomach ache. Lighter vegetarian options were bland or just strange combinations that really didn't work together. Also, far too expensive for the quality/quantity. 
Our "board" had the pork belly (pretty dry), squash (weirdly paired with tomato sauce), and Brussels sprouts (nicely crispy, but swimming in grease). We also got the fried chicken bites (pretty good, but nothing to cut the grease except the greasy dipping sauces). The in-house bread was either stale or insufficiently toasted. 
Might be worth checking out again in a year or two, but at the moment this place doesn't live up to its pretense.We have lived in this area of Fairmount for a few years, and were very excited to hear about this place opening up.
It did not disappoint!
The food was truly fantastic and the beer was delicious as well.
Highly recommend!This was a great place. The service was quick and attentive. The food was really good and fresh tasting. I had the burger with an egg and it was great. I also had a beer "a man walks into a bar" it was so good. Love this place and the atmosphere!!They make their own beer here - it's affordable and really good. I had the Sourdough (sour ale, rye, Caraway) and it was awesome. Tasted a lil like an everything bagel...too cool. Definitely would recommendGreat neighborhood spot. I love the perfectly crafted beers and cocktails. The food is great too, but a little pricey!The vienna lager was pretty good, not my favorite, but definitely drinkable. The golden saison as pretty good as well.  Nothing really knocked my socks off for the beer, but I would drink it again if I was in the area. 
Grass-fed beef burger was tasty, even if it was a bit of a mess.  Cheddar, red onion sauce, mayo, and egg on mine.  I needed a couple of napkins to finish this sandwich off.  The fries were pretty good, and tasted even better when covered in egg from the sandwich.  
I liked the small sitting space to the left of the door.  It looked inviting and a nice place to hang out for a while.  
Staff was friendly and quick with service.I hope it continues, and I think it will... within their opening week they're firing on all cylinders: excellent service, excellent food, excellent beers and great atmosphere. As far as brewpubs go, with the exception of Earth Bread + Brewery in Mt. Airy I can't think of one in the area that I'd rather visit.We went at 1:30 for brunch on a Saturday and didn't have a wait. Our waitress was great and I had a hard time making a decision so she recommended the eggs Benedict which was delicious. It was very filling too. My boyfriend got the burger, he really enjoyed it although maybe the bun was a little heavy. We split the Dutch pancake and it was so so good! Sweet, crunchy exterior and soft inside. We will definitely be back to try the other brunch items!Was there last night for my buddy's birthday celebration. Food and service was awesome! Special thanks to Elizabeth for remembering everyone's name and their drink. Oh, and I was never thirsty!We live almost across the street and been here dozens of times- 
We love it here- Great apps- and drinks and ambiance-
The only complaint I guess is that sometimes the wait to get food can sometimes be longer than usual, and sometimes its also a tad bit too cold- Otherwise a fun nice sozy spot-This place has such a great atmosphere. Was driving around looking for a place to eat and stumbled upon here. The hostess was so friendly and was very accommodating to us. Our waiter was also very friendly and helpful when we were deciding on which beer we wanted. We started off with the fried buttermilk chicken bites which were amazing. Then had the grass fed beef burger with egg and bacon. The burger was cooked perfect and tasted amazing as well. Overall fantastic experience. Can't wait to go again.i met up with a friend here for happy hour. not knowing what the parking situation would be, i was hesitant whether to drive or take public trans or uber. well, i ended up driving straight there after work and after driving maybe two or three times around the block, i found one maybe a block away. it was free too so that was cool.
when i walked in, i was greeted by a friendly hostess. they have a nice bar and cute little intimate loungey area. not knowing whether my friend wanted to sit at the bar or at a table, i just waited at the front. we ended up asking for a table and got a really large roomy booth. also, cool. 
they have really cute and clever beer names and i believe they're all brewed there. i ended up having the portmandeau that was delicious. my friend had the ripsnorter, also very good. we each did a three item board where you choose from a menu of proteins, cheeses, and other snacks. i got the charred octopus, fried mac and cheese bites, and a smoky type of cheese. all very good. it also comes with some bread, a citrusy herby butter, and lovely jam. everything was very delicious. 
we both had plans after happy hour and had to rush out of there after but next time, i'd like to stay a little longer and enjoy more on their menu. 
oh, of course i have to also throw this in at the end...service was phenomenal. our server was informed, polite, and we were checked on several times from several different employees. they got super busy when we were leaving, so they were probably happy to get that large booth back lol. anyways, i'll for sure go back.Loved the food.  My husband enjoyed sampling their wide range of beers.  Our cheese/vegetable board was delicious.  I had the beet salad and added the duck confit (leg) which was exceptionally flavorful and crispy on the outside.  Service was friendly, prompt and professional. 
The atmosphere was fairly lively and loud so it might not be the place for a quiet conversation.
I would return.Pure awesomeness. Waiter was incredibly helpful in explaining all the beers. Apparently they never brew the same beer twice. If you're not feeling their in-house brews they have a decent list of other beers. Brussels sprouts were AMAZING.Meh.... we've been here several times and have had okay food. But today shall solidify us not returning. The "board" should focus on cheeses and meats. Like who wants corn pudding on thier board? They should focus more on putting better options into their appetizers and entrées versus having 15 Options for the board.  4 entrees and 3 sandwiches was beyond underwhelming.  $28 for a pork chop? Ummm no. My grilled peach salad was so bland: No flavor AT ALL. The whipped ricotta was far from whipped. It had the consistency of thinly grated Parmesan. My great "grilled peaches" were bite sized, hard, and bitter.  I was so disappointed. The plating was also subpar. The macaroni and cheese bites were the only winner. I would order those again.Very cool vibe in here with a nice selection of drinks you won't find at many bars in the area. They also have wine on tap, which is a plus also.
I was a little apprehensive about the food when looking at the menu at happy hour, but their boards are all really good. Give it a try because it tastes great and you can tell it's fresh. 
I've seen it fill up on Friday and Saturday nights. While crowded bars aren't usually my scene, very nice and laid-back happy hour."Are you ready for another round?"
"Hmm, yeah. I'm trying to find one I haven't tried yet."
"You've had them all, actually."
Now that I've powered through Hygge's entire beer list (and a chunk of their board selections...) during the span of three recent visits, I feel like it's safe to profess my love.
Bar Hygge is a superb addition to the city's brew scene, but more importantly, a huge advancement for Francisville. It's so exciting to have more activity in the neighborhood and to have them right down the street. They've filled Flying Carpet's void and added much more.
Prepare to walk into a warm, inviting and simple space. There are no TVs. One room has a splattering of chairs, couches and tables, like a communal living room. Then there's the bar area -- they have hooks! -- and a regular dining room with tables and wraparound booths. There's a single-stall toilet upstairs, but if that's occupied or if you want extra privacy, head downstairs to their super awesome, clean stalls.
As for the beer? They currently have six in-house brews via Brewery Techne and four guests from the likes of Alesmith, PBC, Half Acre, and Cigar City.
From the Techne choices, Alchemy, a Baltic porter, is my running favorite. I'd also have to recommend the Exaggerator, their brand new doppelbock. Fingerprint, a pale, is sure to be a crowd pleaser. Very easy drinking -- would be great in the warmer months.
Hygge also seems to have a thing going for the smokes. If you like bacon undertones in your brew, go for the Grinding Grooves or Doon the Watter. Also be sure to check out the ever-funky Izzy brown ale. It's a nice getaway from your typical brown without being too weird.
If you're not into the suds, you're also in luck. Hygge also has a bunch of wines and cocktails available. I haven't had any of them yet, so I can't speak to their quality.
Moving on to food! I love that they give you a little complimentary sample before your food arrives. It definitely amps up the anticipation and lets you try something totally new, like a spicy?? starfruit.
Boards are a little pricy, but they could also act as your dinner. Pick one, three or five. I prefer picking three for a solo binge. The boards generally come with bread, jams or mustards mixed in. I've had both cheddars (the porter cheddar is phenomenal!), as well as their brie, bacon (3 times...), and beef.
Their bacon is a must-try, as is the beef. One of our super nice bartenders let me know that their head chef was previously employed by DiBruno Bros, which has certainly benefitted this establishment!
Full meals are also an option. I once ordered the big-kid grilled cheese with healthy veggies in it (like cauliflower and kale), but I had to box the whole thing because the board filled me up!
It's also necessary to give a serious shout-out to the staff here. They have been incredible! Each time I've stopped in, they've all been crazy-nice, knowledgeable about the menu items, and efficient despite the incessant crowds. They even worked with our group as we tried to figure out our final headcount during a busy weekend evening.
I'm likely moving from the neighborhood in a few months, which now bums me out. But near or far, Bar Hygge excels at what they do. They should become a destination spot for beer drinkers everywhere.
Good luck, guys! See you again soon.Delicious! Worth the wait (45min, good service though, got a drink while waiting). Shared a 3item board with Brussels (incredible! A must try), very nice goat cheese, and slab bacon. My date had the salmon and I had the vegan sliders - both were excellent. Nice ambiance, lively. Good service. Nice drink selection.Decided to give this a second chance. The food was still atrocious. Plus it took 40 minutes for a single salad and order of fries. Fries were soggy and bland even though they were "loaded". The duck confit that was on the salad was a sad attempt at confit. Another soggy mess... At least our waiter wasn't fishing for tips this time. But then we were told a round of drinks would be taken off the bill because we waited so long for our simple order. It wasn't and we had to deal with that. It's a shame this place doesn't have better food because the beer and cocktails are simply unbelievable. They need to step up their game soon. But even if they did I am not giving it another chance for anything other than drinks.Great and inventive menu. Delicious. Cocktails were spectacular. Committed to sustainable practices. It's a gem.Great place to eat, drink and talk.  So many options for the space.  A cool and funky living room setting, bar, cafe, banquets, outside seating - which is fully available from April - Nov, (December with the side benefits of Climate Change).  
Music is not too loud - I'm Thinking S Starr and shouting across the table to your companions.
Food is great from their boards (a meal in of itself) to their entrees.   Menu is always changing, always original, as is their beer. 
Not a five Star restaurant but a great place with a four Star experience.Fantastic place. The food and fresh brewed beers are exceptional. We have been here twice, first time was great, this time better. They just have it, menu, food, drink and service and great ambiance. We live in the neighborhood, so it is really cool to have what we think is an exceptional bar/brewery/ restaurant in the area. We will certainly be regulars if it holds the course and all that work there are very nice and fun to deal with. A real 5 star!!5 star vibe - the decorations and feel make it unique. Wall and light fixtures made of old barrels, neat windows looking into the brewery section. No tvs which is welcome from time to time. All about cultivating that cozy hygge feeling.
5 star beers - constantly rotating in new offerings as soon as one kicks. I think I've had them all at this point (dozens). A couple of the pale ales fall flat for me but the rest make up for it. Brother's keeper is probably my favorite.
5 star people - the four owners are all awesome, as are the staff
4 star food - as some other people who have been here multiple times have stated, the food is good but perhaps a little overpriced. Bacon and steak buns are delish.
Add in their new happy hour and brunch offerings and it's my favorite place in the city.We decided to give this local bar a shot this afternoon & boy are we happy we did! Their brunch menu was so unique and we tried he Hygge Homefries & Waffle Monte Cristo. Both were absolutely AMAZING! The homefries were everything you would ever want in a comforting bite. Potatoes, cheese, bacon, crema, avocado and a poached egg! And the Monte Cristo was oh so savory sweet! I tied it all together with their housemade Bloody Mary! We will definitely be back!Love this place.  Great beer and food.  Amazing ambiance.  Great addition to the neighborhood.  It can be a bit crowded and difficult to get a seat at times.Our go to neighborhood restaurant! Service is always fantastic and the food is never disappointing. Hopefully as time goes by they will expand their entree selections (if you haven't tried the duck wings, you need to!)Great place for dinner, drinks, happy hour, or brunch.  The beers are on point and sometimes experimental; the boards are great and always feature local cheese; cinnamon rolls are amazing and decadent; staff are helpful and knowledgeable.  The boards are my favorite dinner option, but the salads and jerk tofu lettuce wraps are good healthy alternatives.  The menu changes frequently, so i haven't gotten tired of Hygge yet.This place looks lovely! That is until your server slops down to your table 10minutes after you get seated and asks what you want to drink. (Wasn't busy) 
He is either over worked or doesn't want to be here. 
It was kind of funny so honestly his service was not a big deal. 
Sitting in a both by the window and the amount of flys around us is so distracting! Flys fell into our wine and were buzzing around us. I think it's the dead plants they keep by the booths. Anyway we switched seats. 
Chicken bites were very delicious, duck wings had hardly any meat and weren't too bad, wouldn't order it again.
The cheese board was pretty pathetic but that's because we didn't realize you had the choice of ordering one, three or five cheeses. Of course our "amazing" server did not advise of that!! Two thin slices of cheese was what we got, worst $7 I ever spent. 
We decided to not order one more thing and leave. Came for dinner left only having app's 
Sorry,  please up the service! Chicken bites were very good tho...Always impressed with this place. The staff is top notch. The bartenders make the signature cocktails with love. And their knowledge of the ever rotating (amazing) beers is impeccable. This place is my go to for a 'treat yo self' night.Great new brewpub!! Very delicious food and great beers ! Very quick service as well which is a plus.Absolutely a great restaurant. First things first: excellent house-made draft beers, that alone is reason enough to camp here. And they have half pints, which is great if you want to try a few of them, which you will, and not totally fill up. Wine selection also excellent.
While not extensive in vegetarian choices, Jerk Tofu lettuce wraps, Tomatoes without Borders sandwich - a fine meal right there. Carnivores will love the skirt steak. We found that the full board (5 items), plus an appetizer, was quite enough for dinner for 2. The Mushroom Spaetzle was good, but I thought it was a bit over cooked - easy to do with restaurant spaetzle (both worth hearing the server call it something like "spetzel," rhymes "pretzel").
For dessert, don't leave without trying the Hygge Tasty Cakes (the night I had them, they were the peanut butter version, which, to be historically correct, should be called Tandy Takes, but I won't go there).  
They did stumble on service on our first visit. I asked our somewhat lackadaisical server (maybe it's that hygge attitude?!) if I could order a coffee and still pay up and leave by 7:00, as we had a later appointment. I got the usual "of course, no problem" response. I never should have asked. Coffee arrived, server disappeared, reappeared with check at 7:01. You know it takes 10 minutes to get the credit card from the table, ring it up, and bring it back to the table. Nothing destroys that hygge feeling better than having to rush to make up for that lost time. Difference between 4 and 5 star rating. On subsequent visit, server was far more attentive, but do keep an eye on them if you need to be somewhere.
Only real problem here is the noise level, which, much to their credit, they've tried to address with acoustic modifications, but it's still really loud when it fills up. I recommend getting in a little early, or keeping fingers crossed it's not a packed night. Also have outdoor seating.Wow, this is so great for the Fairmount/Francisville/Spring Garden. Just a GORGEOUS place to hang out, beautifully done but not pretentious or corporate, just comfortable. Run by really nice people who really work hard to take good care of you. It can be hard to get a table especially on weekends but hang in there, the initial crush will settle down and it will be a relaxed neighborhood kind of scene like it is designed to be.
The beer is fantastic -- as good as you can taste anyewhere. Brews are always changing and the brewer, Tom Baker, never makes the same beer twice. I just love to go hang out on the comfy chairs in the Hygge Room and drink some interesting beer and nibble on some good snacks.
The food is already good but it is only going to get better as the kitchen figures out what it can do and what the neighborhood wants to eat. Everything (even the bread) is made from scratch. The burgers are excellent, Wings in waffle batter are different from any other wings I've had but they're totally addictive.  Hygge plates -- collections of bite-sized portions -- are a great concept. The food is going to reflect what's in season because everything is locally sourced.While a bit cramped, we have always been seated, evening arriving at prime dinner time on a weekend. The food is a bit quirky, but works! It seems like the menu changes a bit each time I'm there, but for the most part the same. The Mac and Cheese was my favorite by far. Variety of beers and wine plus cocktails. Definitely a nice addition to the Fairmount restaurant scene. Seems like a good place for groups if you get there early because they have couches and booths.4.5 Stars. The only thing I dislike about Bar Hygee is that it moved into the area after we moved out. Ugh! To think this would've been our neighborhood hang and just a stones thrown from our home. ((Sigh)) We will be neighbors again! One day, one day... 
First and foremost, it's pronounced "hoo-gah" which is definitely not the way I had been saying it. At all! It's of Danish origin and super hot right now! How can a word be "hot and happening"? Well, it's more than than a simple funny sounding word, it's a feeling, a way of life. It means to be present, in the moment. Mindful. At peace, enjoying the simple pleasures in life. An all around comfortable, positive vibe. Cozy and happy, surrounded by all things and people who bring you joy. They must be onto something with this "Hygee" thing as the Scandinavian countries are home to the happiest people on earth! Hmmmm. 
The overall aesthetic here is quite lovely, fun and  welcoming. Very thought out details and many different seating areas. There's a bar with a super cool reclaimed looking wood tap, tufted cozy booths with exposed bricks behind. Casual  picnic tables, romantic two tops and my favorite, a lounge type area with mixed matched furniture with various vintage like frames, mirrors and local art. Very cool! 
I believe Bar Hygee is a great option for anyone and at any time. It's very versatile! Date night, brunch with the entire fam, happy hour with specials for young professionals, late night post-concert or game snacks, tasty din, meeting up with friends for drinks! It's really a great option...period. 
You're definitely going to want to go ahead and try one their house-brewed beers. After sampling a few, the 'Grooving Grinds' remains a lighter favorite for us. If you need help deciding which to try, just ask your sever or the bartender. Not only were they extremely knowledgeable of all ales, they gave us a sample when we were unsure! They also informed me the owners (who also own Earth, Bread & Brew in Mt Airy) do not believe in flights so don't expect to see those offered anytime soon. If you would've told me there would be a place that brews their own beer this end of Fairmount years ago, I may have laughed. Fantastic addition to this always flourishing neighborhood! Happy that the area technically known as  'Francisville' is creating a name for themselves to those beside us who knew years ago what this area had the capability of being! Check out the vats behind glass to the left in the lounge area! If beer is not your thing, their cocktails are rather great as well! The lavender was a favorite! Very light and refreshing!
One thing not to miss is creating a unique board! One item is $7, three for $18, five for $29. That may not sound like much for those prices but they are served with seasonal accompaniments, evoo rolls and house toast so it's definitely enough for a fun, shareable option! There are so delicious veg options too! We have tried Brussels with chili lime glaze, pecan and avocado puree, sweet potato bread and eggplant and squash  carpaccio. We would recommend all. 
We have been here a few times, always enjoyed ourselves in a relaxed atmosphere with tasty food and look forward to many more visits. We highly recommend giving it a go if you haven't already. And if you have, try it for another one of their fab offerings like cheap tacos for happy hour or a filling boozy brunch!
Street parking in the area isn't too hard to find this far down Fairmount.Went for the first time last night. The wait for a  a table was a bit long, but worth it. Hostess was sweet and offered us drinks while we waited. Atmosphere is awesome. Loved the lounge area. We ended up sitting at the bar. Wait staff was attentive the whole time. There were three of us. We ended up sharing some boards and small plates. There was plenty of food. The Gouda cheese was my favorite. We also had the hush puppies, dates, brussel sprouts, and shrimp. For small plates we enjoyed the gnocchi, frites, and fried chicken. The chicken was so yummy, crispy and perfect, not dry at all. They had a yummy IPA on tap. My other friend loved her beer made there. Will be back for sure. A must visit in Philadelphia.On December 8 we had dinner and beers. Everything was great. Especially enjoyed the beers brewed on site. We had 4 different beers. Loved them all. Liz, our server was spectacular. Very attentive bright and funny. We had burgers and entrees which were all yummy. We were greeted by Stu one of the owner. "On the  feast of the immaculate conception we received a splendid reception. The food and the drink were perfect we think, the company was the only exception"Was visiting Philly for the weekend and this place was close to our airbnb! Came on a Saturday for brunch. We got the Frittata and Eggs Benedict with Smoked Pork Belly. They were both amazing! We finished both of our dishes. Also had the Bloody Mary. After brunch we took a leisurely walk to the museum, took about 15 minutes. Great place for brunch! I'd like to come back at night sometimeDespite what it's spelling would lead you to believe, the name of this place is pronounced "Hoo-gah." I went on a weekday night for a burger. The burger was cooked well using fresh ingredients however I found that the "special sauce" they used overpowered the sandwich and was not very good. It was also fairly expensive. I didn't have a drink so I cannot comment on that. My roommate summed it up well when she said: 'it seems like they are trying too hard.' The burger was unique but not as tasty as others I've had in that  price range (I believe it was $14). The fries were average. I still give Hygge a 4 star rating because I like the ambience and the wait staff was courteous and professional.Nice place.  Good beer selection.  Food is good, with some items better than others.  Try the 'boards' with a variety of options.  Service was friendly and excellent.  It gets loud when the place fills up.  Overall good vibe and fun time.My husband and I had a date night and decided to head into the city to check our Bar Hygge. This had to be one of the best not only dinners that we've ever had but also best overall experience! From the service and atmosphere to the food and beer and cocktails... Everything was superb. If you want amazing food and beer and cocktails to complement it, this is a must try! Everything that we got on the board was outstanding and the meals were equally as good. The "milk and cookies" dessert were perfect! 
I'm not a fan of IPA's however, I absolutely loved both that were on the menu. We will definitely be bringing home a growler or two the next time we are down there. They have a cocktail of the day and the one that they had when we were there was phenomenal. 
If you haven't checked this place out, you need to!! The owners Julie and Stew are so pleasant and friendly and the whole vibe was just so warm and welcoming! GET THERE!!The food was unique and absolutely delicious and the vibe we felt from the layout of the room and gracious host and waiting staff made this a very warm atmosphere to enjoy a satiating meal with family and friends.Very cool bar.  Good cocktails.  They have a casual side on the left and more formal sitting on the right.  Enjoyed the small plate options which lets you pick combos of tastey bites.Great selection of house brewed beers, terrific food, and a friendly and attentive staff. Well worth the trip to 18th and Fairmount!This place is beautifully designed and comfortable to get your thirst on. Beers were delicious and the staff was amazing. In my 12 years of philly dwelling and bar hopping I've never felt so immediately at home with a place. Can't wait to come back.This bar is fabulous. We loved the food, beer and cocktails! I've told several friends about this joint as it's a great date night spot.Really nice happy hour specials with snack foods plus their beer is good, even if you are not a big beer drinker. They have options that are not super hoppy or heavy, and they mix it up. Bartenders are nice here and the decor is very cozy...So disappointed because I really was hoping that this was going to be great, given that it's a few blocks from me. Service was slow, our table was not wiped down and worst of all the food was COLD. It also tasted like it was just reheated from the night before. I am really hoping that this place is better next time I visit as I am rooting for my neighborhood bar!We were there a couple Saturdays ago.  A little offputting that it doesn't open til 4pm--we were ready at noon.  Excellent beer, and this from a 20-year homebrewer.  Good sevice at the bar.  Didn't try the food.  Pint glasses a little smaller than normal, and the restroom is an annoying trek downstairs.  Minor quibbles though.  Definite thumbs up from me.  Glad to see them in the neighborhood, which since they're on the south side of the 1700 block of Fairmount Ave puts them in Spring Garden (not Francisville or Fairmount).The beer was amazing, the food was perfect, the cocktails were delicious. The chicken liver moose was the best I've ever had. The bartender, Nicole, was extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. Overall it was a great experience and I will 100% be back.We were there a couple Saturdays ago.  A little offputting that it doesn't open til 4pm--we were ready at noon.  Excellent beer, and this from a 20-year homebrewer.  Good sevice at the bar.  Didn't try the food.  Pint glasses a little smaller than normal, and the restroom is an annoying trek downstairs.  Minor quibbles though.  Definite thumbs up from me.  Glad to see them in the neighborhood, which since they're on the south side of the 1700 block of Fairmount Ave puts them in Spring Garden (not Francisville or Fairmount).I had a great Sunday brunch at Bar Hygge, which turned out to be a convenient distance from both the art museum and Center City. We were originally going to sit in the lounge area with the low tables but a high top table opened up, which we gladly snagged. The service was prompt and friendly, but the food did take longer than usual to arrive. Thankfully, it was delicious and really hit the spot. I had the pork belly eggs benedict, which was a welcome departure from the  typical eggs benedict setup. It left me full and satisfied if maybe a little thirsty. My friends got the burger and the breakfast sandwich, though they had run out of the "Everything English muffin", which was too bad. We all scarfed down our food, as we were starving, and all decided we need to return to try everything else on the menu!Bar Hygge was everything I expected in a classy chic pub opening in the bolstering Fairmount section of the city. The slightly hoppy beer (Meme) I chose was tastefully crafted and my wife's mixed drink was blended to perfection. If you wanna taste what might be considered the new "Best of Philly" burger, their Grass-fed Beef Burger is the most succulent, high quality meat I have ever tasted. It was also cooked to perfection and the bread (which I heard was made on the premises) rivaled Sarcone's. All this while socializing in a highly energetic atmosphere, yet it wasn't too loud you couldn't hear yourself, like at most crowded bars. I think it was the vaulted ceilings that dampened the noise to a comfortable level. All in all, you gotta check out this place. Can't wait to go back!What an excellent addition to the Fairmount/Francisville neighborhood collection of bars/restaurants! The fries are great, the salmon entree is seriously one of the best salmon dishes I've ever had, and the boards are a delicious and fun way to sample the menu. They definitely have to work out some kinks in the service, as we were told that a wait for our party of three would be a half hour but it ended up being an hour. And once we were seated we barely saw our waiter who apologized for the slow pace of service multiple times. But it was a Saturday night and their 5th night of business so they definitely get a pass. Oh and my beer-lover husband had great things to say about the in-house brews.This is probably more of a 3.5. Stopped in for dinner and drinks with friends. They were really busy and we didn't have reservations so we took seats at the bar because it was too hot to sit outside. They did have a really neat lounge area but the couches that were left just weren't comfy eating seats. If we were just there for drinks the lounge would have been awesome. We had two different bartenders serve us throughout the night. One woman was fantastic and we enjoyed her company throughout the night (she had awesome pink hair). The other woman seemed like she needed to find a new job. One friend commented that it looked like she hated her job  (younger woman with dark dark brown hair). I asked her for a suggestion on a drink when we first sat down, sparkling rose or not sparkling and which she recommended. She said, "well do you want bubbles or not"....well okay then. They had a small food menu but it was packed with various flavors. I shared a board with my husband of pork, spinach and artichoke dip and corn. I had the frites and my husband had the fried green tomato sandwich. The pork was really good and I enjoyed the dip. Our friends got burgers and they said it was really good as well. If I'm back in the area, I want to try them for brunch since everyone says it's really good. I wouldn't mind coming back for drinks at the bar and trying some of their other brews. Definitely worth a visit.Great charcuterie board during happy hour. Has a nice patio for nice days and bartenders are friendly.I've been going to Bar Hygge since they opened their doors and it's still one of my favorite places to go! The food is insanely good, the beer is delicious, and the staff and owners are passionate, knowledgeable, and down to earth. Recently, they helped me plan my surprise engagement and it went extraordinarily well! The food and service were awesome and all of our friends were super impressed with the planning and execution that they helped with! Thanks to everyone at Bar Hygge who helped make that day unforgettable!Went in mid-afternoon when the menu is limited. Got an excellent burger with fries and two of their awesome beers. Waitress and manager each stopped by to talk. Our waitress was very helpful with the beer selection. 
We have a new favorite!Bar Hygge ​ was a real gem. The food was amazing and having a nice relaxed atmosphere made it all the better. I got the egg benedict with pork belly . With the little spice of the holiday sauce, the saltiness from the pork belly created a flavor I would keep coming back for.Tale of two burgers. Love the beer and boards, along with the dinner time burger. The steak dish is also top notch and a good deal in my opinion for the quality. Brunch burger was not nearly as good - the patty itself was about a quarter inch and overwhelmed by everything else on the burger and was charred. Maybe I just got a dud or that is how it is supposed to be, otherwise this place is top notch and great for the neighborhood.This place is a gem! Went here for brunch with some friends and had a great time. The beer and cocktails are amazing, I had a bloody mary and my boyfriend had a coffee cocktail which he enjoyed. I ordered the eggs benedict with pork belly and it was delicious. Customer service was excellent and food arrived at the perfect time. The decor is also really nice and the women's bathroom has tons of hand mirrors on the wall which was a fun touch. I will definitely be back to try their dinner menu!good beer. food a bit wonky. it was really crowded but the service was really great. got to chat a bit with the owner, and he was so so so nice. the little barrel tables are a bit uncomfortable to eat at but okay for drinking. excited to taste their other beers when they change up the beer list.Cool spot doing different things with their food and drinks. Went here for a casual date night and had an enjoyable relaxing night.
Went for the five option starter platter. The fries mac bites and the meatball toast were wonderful but my girl and don't have quite the sophistication for the octopus. Honestly we both know that certain seafood textures never sit well with either of us, but we felt adventurous.
Drinks were on point. They have a custom drink menu. The punch was sweet and easy down. I don't usually pluck for signature cocktails while out because I'm picky, but the seasonal old fashioned, while seemingly pretentious, was perfect and refreshing while strong. 
They had their own twist on gnocchi, which was creamy tasting and awesome. And their buttermilk chicken bites were amazing. I've never seen anyone take a silly children's snack and turn it into something gourmet and remarkable like they have here. Juicy, flavorful and spicy without being overbearing. I will definitely be back.
Side note that I forgot and came back to add on: the sauces were great. The gremolata mayo and pepperoncini aioli for the chicken, and brown butter sauce for the gnocchi were all surprisingly tasty. Must haves.This place is one of my new favorite spots in the city!! Only went there for brunch today but can't wait to go back for dinner and happy hour..and brunch again!!! I had the apple pancake and tried a few other dishes.  Food and service is fantastic!The beers from their Brewery are BOMB! I love the whole aesthetic of the place. Staff is cool and eclectic in the best way possible. Come back and try as many of their in house brewed beers as possible, they change frequently so it's a good challengeSolid place. Beers are pretty good, burger is very good, nice outdoor space. Always a spot for sunday brunch. Ive ordered the skirt steak a couple times and it comes out a bit different each time. This past time is was pretty bad. Stick to standard gastropub food and this place is good. The boards are good and well accompanied.Great addition to this side of Fairmount ave! There are so many great things about Bar Hygge, but the biggest for me is that this is one of the few Fairmount area restaurants with food worth staying for. As long time neighbors of this location, we've typically been "drinks in Fairmount" and then "Dinner downtown." Bar Hygge combines the best of local brewery and delicious and innovative food. 
As an indecisive person with constant "buyers remorse" after selecting my meal, it's nice to be able to have a board with 3-5 different menu items. The only thing I wish is that they would have more options for vegetarians across the menu.
The ambiance is killer and take my word for it, this place is packed on Friday and Saturday nights. 
I can't say enough good things about this place. Just try it.I have no idea why it's rated so well. Cocktails mediocre and beer mediocre. The decor is hipster but beyond that disappointing every time I've been here.Absolutely loved their cheese and meat board options! Very fresh, seasonal options! Definitely the best I've found in the city thus far. 
Also loved their fresh rolls with sea salt & citrus butter. Yum!
Can't wait to go back to try their in house wine and beer.The beer selection was good, but limited for the novice beer drinker. The food was great- had the burger. Wonderful atmosphere.  Will go backStopped in for our first visit to Bar Hygge last night.  Very crowded inside and actually deceptively small when you look at it from the outside.  Scored some bar seats after about 20 minutes and had an excellent, very friendly bartender.  However, for a bar that claims to be Danish themed, there is absolutely nothing Danish about it.  No Danish food, beer or drinks anywhere to be seen.
I'm not a fan of the house brewed beers at Earth Bread and Brew, and that trend continues here.  Tom seems to like to brew non-standard, or at least not common styles, and the trend continues here.  They did have a Pale Ale (Fingerprint #1 - "a hop sensory pale ale experiment").  First, if I'm paying $6 or $7 it had better not be an experiment.  That's what a small test brewing system is for.  It was mediocre at best - thin, not a pleasant hop flavor, no aromas.  Luckily they do have some guest taps.
Ordered one of their "boards" - pickled shrimp, Spanish goat cheese and Brussels sprouts.  It's $18 for 3 items, and the serving size of the shrimp (about 5) and Brussels sprouts were decent, but for $6 we got 2 less than 1/8" thick slices of goat cheese.  Even if it was Humboldt Fog that was $0.50 worth of cheese at the most.  Overall the board food was really good.  The waffle wings were weird - VERY sweet - almost like something you'd get at a carnival (think corn dog with syrup and bones).  
Hopefully they do well and have a long run along Fairmount Ave, but it's probably not a place we'd go to again.My husband and I went here last Friday night and were very pleasantly surprised! We only had beer and a cheeseboard but all of it was legit.  I believe the beers come in 3 sizes the smallest bring a 10oz, so you can almost make a flight if you want.  Those beers are strong so watch out!  For the cheese board, you can mix and match cheeses, veggies, and meat dishes.  We ordered 2 cheeses and an eggplant dish on the board.  It was nice to not be restricted to just cheese.  
We did not dine in the dining room, we were seated out in the "library like" area.  Large groups, 2 tops, 4 tops..that area holds a bunch of different parties...it's a great place to relax.  I also liked that the tables were not right next to each other so you don't have to hear your neighbor's life story.  
Service was excellent..our server was back before my beer was empty to see what else we wanted.  She also did a great job describing the flavors of the beer.  I highly recommend and will be back!Recommend visiting while in Fairmont area especially post any Kelly Drive excursions.
The atmosphere here is very cozy living up to the Danish hygge concept. Hygge is pronounced "hue"-"guh". The style is all mismatched and shabby chic. One downside is the room off the left of the bar has really uncomfortable low coffee tables which you have to kneel over. It's a bit of a lounge feel not dining room.
Service is uber friendly and the food was pretty good. Ordered a board, two sandwiches and cocktails.
Definitely, definitely order the potato gnocchi as part of the board! The duck wings were just ok - could have been fine without them. Also ordered a cheese which came with rhubarb jam... phenomenal jam... ok cheese.
The burger was very good. Great bread. The vegetarian sandwich with celery root was to die for. Very delicious! 
Cocktails were tasty. Enjoyed the to bee or not to bee. Not too sweet and not too boozy. It was a great recommendation on the server's part. The ginger cocktail, forget the name, is really really gingery and spicy..Beware!
I'd come back again for sure. Make reservations because it's busy! Off street parking wasn't too difficult to find Saturday around 5/6pm.Fantastic place to spend your time with good friends. Atmosphere is the best, and maybe it's because I'm from D.C. and I am not used to people being polite (not a joke) but from the hostess to owner everyone treated my group and I like friends they have known for years. With out even trying this place surpasses all expectations. It is an absolute must if you are in the area, I just wish this place was near me!The only reason this review is not 5 stars is because the space is fairly loud. I hate having to shout to my companions.
The happy hour prices are amazing for how good the beers and food are. You will not be disappointed.Bar Hygge is an awesome addition to Fairmount. Friendly, awesome staff with a great ambience. Feels trendy but not too hipster. Beers are fresh and tasty as they brew their own beers. They also offer a treat section of cocktails and wine on tap. We started off with one of their "boards" which you can choose a variety of different tapas style dishes - meats cheeses veggies - that all come out freshly displayed on the board. All of our entrees were delicious too.Bar Hygge makes me so happy. Even with my initial experience of being told there'd be an hour plus wait for a table and a trip to the restroom, I was already enamored. 
Perhaps it's the gorgeous digs. This new brewery makes great use of an industrial space while have a dark but inviting, comfortable vibe at the same time. Perhaps it's the polished and professional staff. I think by the second hour of my visit I had already told two employees how great it is. 
Despite being a bit crowded and the wait time, I think everyone, customers and staff alike, were just happy to be there and it showed. 
It's actually kind of funny, because I didn't really love any of their brews. During my visit I had the IZZI Brown Ale, Alchemy Porter, Fingerprint #1 Pale Ale and Exaggerator Dopplebock. I think the reason is that they aren't my typical style beer; I could tell though that there was some solid brewing action going on. Their guest beer list was A+. During my visit I thoroughly enjoyed the Half Acre GoneAway and Alesmith Anvil ESB. Between their own brews and guest taps, I think this place is going to be pretty fun.
So we split half the visit at the bar and half on the couch. Yes! Couch. It was cozy and laid back. The perks of being at home or a friend's place with a server and better menu. The service was attentive, positive and delightful to interact with. 
Speaking of delightful, the boards are just as delightful as everyone has already mentioned. My husband and I split a 5 item board getting the slab bacon, crispy Brussels, Moroccan sweet potatoes, Hudson Valley Duck and Delicapra (semi-soft goat cheese from Spain). The board also came with two different kinds of bread, an herbed butter and a jam. Everything was SO good.  They also gave us a little starfruit with nuts prior to the food arriving. Nice touch, nice touch. 
If Bar Hygge is already showing all of the qualities of excellence with less than a month of being open, I can't wait to see this new restaurant and brewpub truly develop into a cornerstone in the Philadelphia beer and restaurant scene.Love this place.  Great beer and food.  Amazing ambiance.  Great addition to the neighborhood.  It can be a bit crowded and difficult to get a seat at times.Everything here is awesome. The staff is always great and it's an awesome atmosphere. I love the lounge area, especially for happy hour. It's the perfect spot to grab a dink, have a snack, and play games with friends. The chefs board is a great deal during happy hour. If you go for dinner, I highly recommend the mussels for an appetizer!Bar Hygge is one of my favorite restaurants/hangout spots in Philly. Luckily for me, it is conveniently located 2 blocks from my apartment. I try to not go to the same restaurants/bars week after week, however I break that rule when it comes to Bar Hygge.
First things first, Bar Hygge has great vibes. Whenever I go here, I make it a point to eat in the lounge area, on one of the comfy old-fashioned looking couches. The lounge area makes for a less formal, more comfortable drinking and dining experience. I would highly recommend sitting in the lounge area if seats are available. 
Next, the house-made draft beers are always changing and never disappoint. Right now I'm hooked on the Lemon Meringue IPA. 
Bar Hygge also offers a great brunch, and never really has much of a wait. If you go for brunch, the Jacked-up Hygge Home Fries would be my recommendation. They are truly phenomenal. 
. 
I will confidently say that Bar Hygge is the best restaurant/bar in Fairmount.We sat outside for an early dinner tonight, and it was lovely. 
We shared the 5-dish "board" (we opted for grilled octopus, lamb kebabs, shrimp, sunchokes, and a hard goat cheese.) All delicious. The portions are small, but you get to try a lot of different things for $29.
We were still a bit hungry after that so we ordered French fries, which came with ketchup and a sweet mayo, and mussels with a cardamom sauce. Both were absolutely perfect. The mussels were tender but large, and the cardamom was such a cool complement. The fries were some of the best I've ever had, and we ate every last one.
The service here was also good, attentive and friendly, but not hovering. A very nice restaurant.Environment: Great Danish-themed gastropub: low-lit spot for a date (not that I ever really go on those., a nice classy spot near Fairmount in the corner of a street.
Service: Extremely excellent service. Our waitress had an excellent sense of humor and even chose my tea for me (asking her to surprise me). She consistently asked what we needed without overburdening the dinner we had together and felt like she checked up on us when the time felt "just about right," but that's subjective. 
Food: Came here for dinner with 6 other friends, and got a few Hygge boards, a side of Hygge fries, and brie & broccoli rabe grilled cheese. I can't speak for your own taste buds so please choose something that personally sounds appealing to yourself. What I did appreciate was: whatever your personal taste preferences were, you can't really go wrong. I personally got the charred octopus (objectively the best thing that night according to our group, hands-down), pork speck, and mole mushroom mousse. All 3 were to my delight; however, the mole mushroom mousse threw me off a little bit. With its subtle sweet & savory taste (from both the thyme and pear), the texture was still phenomenal and had me blown away especially when paired with its locally-made breads. Nothing exceptional about the fries. The brie and broccoli rabe grilled cheese was a new concept for me considering the indispensable amount of broccoli and vegetables in the middle (mild flavor). What blew me away was the texture of the bread and how it was toasted on its superficial layer (believe it or not). I would order the grilled cheese again based on texture, to be honest. 
Price: Paying $18 for three sides was a steal. Five was about $29 before tax and tip. To be honest, the other side of the table that shared it (4 people) didn't look like a ton of food. I couldn't tell if it was because they got completely different stuff on their boards; however, each side looked substantially smaller; ultimately, why I was grateful for the three versus the five (felt like a similar portion of food but an increased array with the five). Extra bread is complimentary (from my experience) and the tea was about $2. Grilled cheese came out to be about $14 before tax and tip and the Hygge fries were $7 (which I personally did not think was worth it). Come here if you are looking for a medium-priced experience with excellent ambiance and great food from Julie Kline, the executive chef herself.The beers here are awesome.  Wide variety of beers made in house that are well augmented with a selection of microbrews. The food menu is quite limited; but everything we had was quite tastey.  Service was good, especially given how busy they were when we ate. Overall a good dining experience.Awesome find, but incredibly busy.  I had the "grinding grooves", a complex and smokey beer - awesome.  They have a great selection of beer they have brewed, with a good variety of choices.  Their cocktail list is somewhat small, and most are cllassics or slight variations on classics.
Their "hygge boards" allow you to mix and match meats, veg, and cheeses.  We really wanted oysters, so I tried to pick two other options that would be a good match.  Cheese and oysters don't mix.
The Moroccan sweet potatoes were nice, the pickled shrimp were excellent, and the oysters were perfect.  I really  liked the bread and butter served as accompaniment as well.  I wish I lived nearby to try more options!I live and work in Fairmount, and I am SO happy Bar Hygge is in our neighborhood! 
The drinks are great, and the food is pretty fantastic.  I think what really makes this place is the service.  Each member of the staff is there to make you comfortable, and it wasn't just our table.  I notice they help each other get food out fast, and communicate with one another about wants or needs of a patron.  They don't take reservations, but do take call-aheads (one hour in advance).  They got our party of 8 seated quickly on a Friday at 630p.  Service is huge, and they are right on the mark.
Food was awesome.  It's a great pub-food restaurant, with a relaxed setting.  I thought the beers were really good, and the wine selection---my favorite may be their cocktail of the day.  My friend had a peach puree cocktail, and it was perfect.  
My food recommendations: 
On Hygge Board: Pork Belly (SO YUM!), Brussel Sprouts, Drunken Goat Cheese and the mixed nuts (that come with a cheddar)
Other food: Buttermilk Chicken, the Burger, the steak & the Lentil SaladGreat neighborhood brewpub for Fairmount, but also worth making a trip for. Beer and food are equally fantastic. Good service and ambience. No TVs and the namesake of coming together to enjoy good things is embodied.I think this is a great spot and if I lived in the neighborhood, this would definitely be a go to place. Though we didn't use the lounge room section, I could definitely see myself using it often if this were a frequent spot. The rest of the place has an excellent vibe to it. Stylish, without being over the top about it.
My visit was on a Wednesday night at around 7:30. There was a wait for outdoor seating, but there were open tables inside, which I prefer anyway. Noise level was fine. Nobody had to yell to be heard nor have to listen attentively to make sure you heard what the other said. However, only half of the inside tables were occupied, so I don't know how loud it gets when full. 
We both homed in on the pork chop for our meal. The boards looked interesting, but we were both hungry for a full plate vs. snacking with the boards. Anyway, the pork chop was very good, served with potatoes and a berry jam that worked well. It is a little pricey for a pork chop, but it definitely was delicious. And to be honest, when you get 3 rounds of drinks, an entree priced a few bucks more than you think it should be winds up being a small part of the bill.
One of the reasons I wanted to try the place is that they brew their own beer. I had their Into the Ester, a weizenbock. It was enjoyable, had two glasses, but I wouldn't call it outstanding.My friend suggested we try Bar Hygge since her nephew frequents this place and loves it. We both ordered burgers, since we were starving. Our burgers and home fries were good, but they weren't anything special -- and they certainly don't warrant the $15 price tag. Village Whiskey charges $15 for a burger, but their location and delicious burgers make it worth it. This is not Rittenhouse, nor is it a Village Whiskey burger. The pancakes looked good and the yogurt description sounded delicious! If I ever return, I'd probably try either of those. Honestly, though, this location is so inconvenient for me, and the prices are too high for this neighborhood, so I probably won't return. These are Center City prices, and this location is too far out of Center City to charge these prices. I can get better food for less much closer to home. Still, I'm glad I checked it out.Everything was good. Some things could have had a little more flavor. The 2 beers I had were really good also. Was looking forward to a veggie burger seen on a menu on Yelp, but the menu was not the same in the restaurant (which was fine, just didn't know) 
Overall it was good and I'd go back, just not a full 5 star rating for meFound this place our last night in Philly. Exhausted and not wanting to drive anywhere but also not wanting to walk forever to find somewhere to eat, Yelp directed us to this gastropub in the same neighborhood as our Airbnb. It also came recommended by our hosts. Also....it helps that there are brussels sprouts on the menu. :-P
...just don't ask me to pronounce the name...
I don't know how busy or hopping this place gets, but 7pm-ish on a Sunday night seems like a slow time and you are sure to get a table and attention from your server.
Speaking of the server, service here was great! A breath of fresh air after a few distinctly....I don't know....experiences with what I have been told is sort of the 'Philly attitude'. Not exactly rude, but not exactly friendly. The servers here were absolutely on the friendly side! Smiles and recommendations, explanations of the beer and how the menu is built. I would describe this place as hipster without the hipster attitude. I really, really liked it!
We started with drinks. I got the Saint Lavender cocktail. Saint Germaine and lavender? I am sold. It was light and refreshing and just delicious! Later I was thinking about getting a second drink, and they let me sample the cherry sour. It wasn't quite to my taste, but I appreciate that they allow tastings!
For my meal, I got a plate with the brussels sprouts and the quinoa veggie sliders. The sprouts were fantastic! I only wish there had been more of them! They came with bread and a....lemon zest-y butter. Not my favorite thing ever, but it was interesting and nice to try!
The sliders were really interesting too! I might not order them again, but I am glad I tried them. They tended to fall apart a bit when you eat them, but the taste was good! I am not vegetarian but I like non-meat things that aren't just salads and this fit the bill.
I was very happy with my meal and time here!I wanted to love this place but couldn't even find myself liking it.  I love IPA's and went to this brewery, in my hood, excited, but NO IPA available - say what??.  My friend drinks ciders and had one but then on his next one, they said they ran out.  Also, breweries do beers in 16oz pints, typically, but they do it in 13oz, BUT with poor pours from the bartender, it was more like 10oz.  $6 for 10oz and overpriced food ($17 for a less than avg. hamburger) didn't cut it.  We all pretty much felt like we way overpaid for this place.  Many other options in the Fairmount area with good craft brews and better food, better priced, etc.  Again, I wanted to love this place but can't see myself going back.  It's also loud here and did I mention way overpriced !!!!!I wanted to really love this place.  And don't get me wrong, I will go back and try other things.  You should too.  It is a much needed addition to the neighborhood and a cool place.  But they have to get a few things right.  
First, it was super loud in there.  Nothing to contain the noise.  Sounded like a night club.   
We were a group and when we were sat, no one showed us the board menu was on the back of the drink menu.  When we saw it, after we ate, it was disappointing.  Would love to have tried it.  
The brisket fries were good, but the brisket was more fat than meat.  
The take on chicken and waffles (the waffle breaded chicken wings) are a great concept, but the delivery is way off.  First, they use huge wings...with a lot of fat on them.  Then, the wings on the bottom sit for a few minutes and get terribly soggy.  That sogginess with the fat was one of the most unpleasant textures I ever felt.  The wings on top were good...other than that I will never order that again.  
The server was a little odd, and by a little I mean a lot.  I was in the restaurant industry for a very long time.  I am the first to defend servers and staff.  While the service was timely (except one of our group didn't get his food because they forgot to make it and, being polite, we all waited so by the time his food came, our food was cold), I would not expect a server to be so forward with a table; either regarding other tables' behavior or anything else.  This restaurant brought in non-Fairmount people to the Fairmount area...let's keep it classy.  
They will work these things out, I am sure.  So I would say check it out with that in mind.Never a bad experience! Owners dedicate thought and energy into making sure food and drinks are fabulous!Staff was very friendly, decor and music were right up my alley. Was very glad to find this place during my one night stay. We had our kids with us, and they do say good for kids, but just fyi, there is no kids menu. They will just make something simple for them like pasta with butter or grilled cheese. My kids are easy, so this wasn't a big deal, just letting other parents know. And go early if you have kids as college age kids and 30 somethings don't really want to dine with the littles. Keep it real people! Anyway, thanks to you for being friendly to kids and letting parents eat good food and beer, we are still humans!! 
Anyhoo... back to what matters... We started with a board, and the 4 of us shared (yes my kids eat good food also!), brussel sprouts, toma cheese and lamb meatballs. All of it was tasty, I've had far better lamb meatballs though, so I'd pick a different meat. 
For dinner I got the duck, the veggies and I think their forbidden rice is (SPOILER ALERT) faro, were more interesting and better than the duck. It was sorta overdone and the skin wasn't nearly as crispy as it could have been. Flavor was ok though. My husband got the Wagyu Steak, and his reduction was really tasty. 
For cocktails, my husband got bloody mary's, I had a taste, darn well made! I got a gin and tonic, and a Ripsnorter. The beer doesn't have great reviews, but I thought it was a pretty refreshing IPA. Hostess and all the staff were very attentive and friendly. 
One tip would be is to give us more time to taste the food. Our dinners came out before half the board was even done, so we felt a little rushed? Was it the kids? They are so quiet though! :)This place is very good for a lot of reasons. Starting with the name Hygge which is a Scandinavian term that means taking the time to enjoy life's simplistic pleasures like nature, food, spending time with loved ones, etc. The decor has a Scandinavian feel as well - lots of wood, but with a clean cut look. This restaurant is new age American though with very unique dishes like reuben style tongue. I didn't try it, but my husband said it was very good. This was part of the Hygge boards where you can choose one, three, or five items. We also got the braised pork belly I believe with a bourbon or maple glaze, and a apple tart stuffed with cheese and nuts. The owner was even walking around to make sure that everyone was being taken care of. We had a short conversation with him - very nice man dedicated to the success of his establishment. We definitely will be returning for Sunday brunch which also looks amazing!Hip, chill atmosphere with delicious food and great service. My partner and I just loved the vibe. We found street parking nearby and were seated immediately. Indoor and outdoor seating is available: bar seating, booths, high tops, and regular tables. They have an interesting beer selection and growlers available for purchase. We had a Hygge board to start, opting for the Mac n Cheese bites. They were scrumptious! We both ended up getting burgers - juicy, flavorful, and I loved the sesame seed buns. It is on the pricier side, but totally worth it for the high quality food and experience.This new brewery is exactly what the neighborhood needed. As new parents, a place where you can go grab a bite and a brew without babysitter hassle is a sweet treat! We went in earlier than most to get the best attitude from our kid. They even have a place to change your baby! No BS a family friendly bar!!! 
I love that the three of us sat on a couch, drank beer and split a 5-snack "board" (beef, eggs, sunchokes , cheddar, duck Rangoon )
I had two small beers, husband had three regular sized beers.
The smokey one was not for me, but my hubby loved it and gladly drank it for me. 
I loved the dark malty beer.
We both agreed that we couldn't wait to "bring the baby to the bar" again.
Cool vintage-rustic decor!The space is absolutely gorgeous. We sat at the bar area last Thursday and liked the fact that you could sit at hightops, oversized booths, or on couches in their lounge area. It's perfect for both large and small groups. Draft wine and Aperol fizz were both very good. Board with oysters, homemade crackers and cheese was addicting. Two drinks and the tasting board came to $40, so while it's not cheap I felt like the atmosphere made it worthwhile. I really like that there are no TVs! I will definitely be back for drinks and to try more food.I picked BH (based on Yelp reviews) for dinner with work associates and I was complimented on selection.  Everything we had to eat was delicious and the service was very good.  We especially liked the brussel sprouts.  I had the moroccan turkey meatballs off the Board and they were equally delicious.  While some knocked ordering a Board, 4 of the 5 did so and were pleased.  Oh, and the beer was pretty darn good as well.  I would highly recommend.Loving Bar Hygge (huu-guh) ! 
The place is cozy and warm!  The food is great and the drinks are better!  Guess that's what happens when you put a women in charge!  Female head chef! 
Enjoyed Sunday brunch.  The monkey bread was decadent. Excellent Bloody Mary ! They also brew their own beer.  What a gem on Fairmount Ave!!This place is the BEST. It is one of my faves in Fairmount and offers it's namesake - the coziness and warmth of Hygge. The beer list is insane, although they have other non-beer cocktails and beverages as well. Food has always been fantastic, both for the brunch and dinner options.
Most recently, we had the mussels (great flavor), the burger (always dependable and cooked to the temp requested), and of course, the Hygge Fries. They're tasty and come with a pepperoncini aioli that just brings it to the next level.
Finally, dessert. Peanut butter candy cakes, homemade, always a great way to end the meal. Last weekend, we had the bourbon butterscotch gelato. Could probably have had a whole pint of that, so good thing you order by the scoop.
It's good for groups, date nights, post yoga, etc.We dined here this weekend for a friend's birthday and were not disappointed. Since there was a group of us I was able to sample a variety of the menu and everything I tasted was flavorful in all the right ways. Most impressive were the Brussels sprouts! I could have eaten an entire plate of just sprouts. Other favorites included the light and tasty salmon appetizer and the scallops which were seared just right. The menu seems to be thoughtfully designed with complimentary foods that left us wanting to try more. We will be back!Came here once for a private event and had a great time. This was the first time dining for brunch and I guess I expected more. My biscuits and gravy and definitely been sitting out for a moment, but I was too hungry and in and rush to ask them to be reheated (I also hate having food thrown into a microwave). The flavors were there, but once gravy gets cold it's never going to be amazing. They fried green tomatoes were perfect. The coffee was excellent. My partner said his food was good, but I could tell it was nothing special. He made no comment about it and it looked like a really a bare bones plate of uninspired eggs, toast, and potatoes. It was good enough that I would give their dinner a try, but I won't hold my breath or expect too much.Love this place! Awesome atmospher and cool lounge area. Beer selection is great and always has a little bit of everything. All the servers I've had have always been super knowledgable and great with their recommendations. Food items that I don't usually like I end up liking if it's on their menu. I got clam chowder once that was extremely salty, but that's the only complaint I've ever had from this place. I very much enjoy going here.This was my first time back in Philly in about 8 years. My friend and I were in a totally foreign area and we decided to walk around--this place is in such an odd area. It made sense that we would stumble upon it, and, after driving 6 hours and just being hungry for anything, we decided to go in. 
The hostess and two other staff members (one of whom ended up being our waiter) seemed totally...shocked? Confused? That we even entered the building. After a "hello" and a long, awkward pause, we finally got the hostess to "realize" that, yes, we came in to eat. She was extremely awkward and uncomfortable, but maybe it was an off night (a Tuesday?). 
I'm not used to eating in restaurants that have a cocktail menu as large as their food menu. I wasn't in the mood for a drink, nor was I willing to pay for one of theirs, but my friend ordered a twelve dollar cocktail...the most expensive one. It was good. Worth 12 dollars? Maybe double the amount.
The menu was pretty lackluster to me. I should have just shelled out 20 bucks for a cheese platter. I'm not willing to pay 30 dollars for an entree I might not even like. Both my friend and I ordered the burger. I ordered mine medium, as I always do. Also paid a dollar extra for a fried egg on top.
First disapointment: the "pickles." They were basically super sour, acrid, thinly sliced, wet cucumbers. Not pickles. Which is a shame. The bun was toasted but the top was a little cumbersome and crunchy. The biggest disappointment? My burger was...rare. Like, RARE. 
Whatever. I'm not one to send food back. I've never done it, I don't plan on doing it unless I think my health would actually be at risk. So I fight through most of the burger, but eventually have to give up because of the overwhelming bovine stink from the meat. I'm not sure if it was from the type of beef or because it was so rare, but it just smelled like bovine. Thankfully the egg and "samurai ranch" masked that flavor for the majority of the time. 
The fries were really good. 
Our waiter was fine. Like. Very average. It was super slow, so maybe everyone was just bored. 
If you're also a visitor, pass this place up. There looked there were better places a short walk away. If you're a local, maybe you know something I don't.The most accommodating establishment... When the owner Stu heard my wife's concern that they was no Chardonnay available by the glass, he brought multiple samples of other wines until she found something she liked...Their Citra IPA may be the best beer I've had in a while...And then dinner hit it out of the park... Try the Hygge boards...Excellent...This place is seriously awesome. My friend and I came in on Sunday (unfortunately tried to get in at 3 but killed an hour at Telas market) the atmosphere in this place is on point, very cozy feel. 
I knew the beers would be good and they did not disappoint. I got both the Grinding Grooves, and alchemy. The smoked malt in the Grooves went so well with the board I wanted it to never stop. 
As far as the food I was very pleased. Got the three piece board of cheese, Brussels and bacon. Just get the bacon folks. Everyone's talking about it for a reason. And for a main I had the waffle wings. Omg. Chicken and waffles in a wing. The only downside was the it was a bit much with all that flavor I could have done better splitting them. 
They came around with tasting bites which I thought was super cute. 
Only thing that could have been better was the service. It was packed in there but we did have to go to the hostess to get our check. Will be back again!Everything is excellent from the beer to the main courses. Had just about all the home made brews which were great. Started with wings (huuge) with a crust very much likely Korean bonchon. Cheese board was great (get the Irish cheddar). Osso bucco stole the show but burger, carnitas and the "mac n cheese" (more couscous than Mac) was excellent. Great to have this in fairmountSo I actually really like this place. It's spacious, well designed. The beer list is excellent and the food we tried was tasty. My only shortfall is that it seems priced above similar establishments. I'm not sure I could afford to come here regularly on a student budget - fries with toppings are $13, entrees are $20+ and cheese boards run up as much as $18- 29. Im not sure that, for me, the prices seemed reasonable. But still glad you've come to stay, bar who-guh!The bar area is a bit tight and noisy due to the hard floors and windows. The Hygge Board item I ordered was $7 for 1 item with "seasonal accompaniments + house-made bread".  The seasonal accompaniment was a couple of crackers and some butter, and the house made bread could fit in the palm of my hand.  The hamburger was ok, but for $15 it should be! House beers are solid but again not cheap: $4 for a 10oz.. Price points are obviously driven to recoup the build-out cost. This place will be popular with the well-heeled crowd living in the older and newer $700K+ townhouses sprouting up like mushrooms in the surrounding few blocks. It will not attract the long-time locals who live in the blocks north of Fairmount Avenue towards Girard because it is too expensive and too bad!We came here with a large group and had a great time, drinks were good and the food was delicious. I for one loved the Brie and Broccoli rabe grilled cheese. My only suggestion would be to NOT order the salmon. For $24 it is a tragically small portion. A member of our group ordered it, we were blown away by the less than 6 oz fillet of salmon with no kind of sides. He said it did taste good but for $24 definitely not worth it. Other than that everything was great, service, atmosphere and food.Stopped in here Friday just as they opened at 4pm. Normally, when I come to a place that brews their own beer, I like to try a flight. This was not offered, which was a bit of a bummer. However, the bar tender was very patient and allowed us to try the beers before ordering. RunnerUp was definitely my favorite beer. Great happy hour deals; 25% off drafts and food specials. We got the chef's board of the day for $10 and it was alright, nothing I'd rave about but we came for the beer and we were not disappointed. We will be back once the imperial stout is tapped!Interesting beers offered in 10oz glasses for trying out as well as pints. Well prepared menu suits vegan diets and burger eaters. It's all tastyGreat locale with friendly atmosphere.  Drinks and especially cocktails are mostly good ... and well topped up, which is a plus.  Where this place disappoints is in the range of selections both for its boards (tapas) and its entrees.  The concept is interesting but to work it needs to come with greater selection as well as larger sample sizes.We just stumbled upon this place and since it looked really good, we decided to give it a shot. Our host Dylan was very patient and helpful, even though we were slow when it came to ordering our food. The ambiance was lovely. 
We tried the hygge board since it looked a little different. We ordered Spanish Mackerel Crudo, House Smoked Brisket and Spinach and Artichoke Dip which they served with housemade bread and butter. It was delicious. And for the price, it's definitely worth it. Would definitely love to go there again.If you're looking for a place for an event, Julie was, hands down, one of the easiest and most accommodating people to work with to prepare a seamless experience. We hosted our son's Baptism luncheon here and could not have been happier. Everything was prepared for us ahead of time and ready for when we arrived. The staff was attentive and the brunch food was, as always, delicious. I'd highly recommend the Jacked Up Homefries! We've been here many times for dinner and brunch, but now I know where I'll be having all of our future events!Great neighborhood place! Have been here a few times now and always enjoy the food and ambiance.. their beers are awesome and their cocktails of the week are always fun! Ed the bartender was great! Will be back very soon!!Bar Hygge is a cozy spot in the Fairmount neighborhood for a drink and appetizers. On a chilly Sunday night, we ventured here around 5:30 PM and had our choice of tables. The left side has a cozy lounge area perfect for drinks. The right side is a bar and dining room with booths and high top tables. 
We chose a booth for more privacy and settled down with an Exaggerator beer and their Cabernet Sauvignon; both were pleasant, but nothing special. We first ordered a three piece Hygge board with smoked cheddar, chicken confit, and the stuffed zucchini. The board itself wasn't remarkable and maybe a bit overpriced. The chicken confit was fantastic! We also got the buttermilk chicken bites and the hygge frites which were delicious and the best fancy junk food possible. 
The staff were friendly and personable and helped my boyfriend pronounce Hygge correctly (Hoo-gah). Overall, it was a cozy eat in the neighborhood, but not something I would go away for.I love this place. The happy hour was great with beautiful outside seating. Try the specials... the happy hour punch; (maybe all I have to say is that it includes lavender and cardamom?) and charcuterie board ( this one with filled egg plant and tempura green beans). Great food, great people ( my good friend that I dined with works for Project Home and said the owners are big supporters) and honestly, that did not surprise me. Their attention to detail in the food that they serve and the space they serve it in says they care. And I love that they care in big ways outside of their restaurant too. I love this place. It's what makes Philly the great city it is.The food was very good and the bar tender was attentive. The mixed drinks were a bit pricey but they have lots of good beers and a variety of types. 
When I was leaving at 3pm, a bunch of families were coming in with kids under 5. I guess it's is family friendly?! There were some board games in one of the side rooms. 
I will definitely be back.Bar Hygge is a roaringly popular place for groups and for date nights, if huge lines on weekend nights is any indication. Despite the fact that its name suggests cozy, homey, candlelit surroundings in a Danish or Scandinavian way, the overall decor feels like a standard Irish pub, which is not a bad thing if you enjoy a young, lively, but not douchey atmosphere.
As is the case for a place that calls itself a "gastropub," Bar Hygge offers a well-curated selection of beers (from in-house Brewery Techne) plus fare that's several notches elevated from typical pub grub. As for the beers, I quite enjoyed the Anti-Burn (a sour), the Nutty Professor (an American brown ale), and the Sonic Death Monkey (a Belgian strong golden ale). Crisp, full-bodied stuff.
As for the food, there's lots of good stuff to choose from. The fried buttermilk chicken bites were full of #win for me, while I jealously eyed other parties enjoying a variety of options ranging from po-boys to polenta to cheese plates. Service is super friendly, attentive, and fast here, despite the roaring level of business. Simply a great find thanks to all of you here on Yelp!I must admit, I've been putting off this review for many weeks.  We live right around the corner and we were so excited for this to open.  We went a few times during their opening weeks, and had mixed experiences with the food.  We have not had mixed experiences with the beer and the service.  There isn't a beer on the list that isn't fantastic, and the service team is perfection (more on that later).
I've been holding out, because most places take some time to get their legs under them.  The happy hour was a great addition, but it really needs to go to 7:00, which (in my humble opinion) will lead to more people staying for dinner and attract more business folks from the neighborhood who don't get home from work until 6:00.  
I'm still struggling with the food though.  The sandwiches and the burger are very good, but pretty expensive.  The boards are good, but you have to know what to order.  Some of the portions are very small for the price.  I really disliked the wings from the opening menu:  the sweet batter was a huge misfire.  Recently, the wings changed to a Korean version, which is a huge improvement, and they keep tweaking the menu for the better.  Along with that, the serving sizes on the boards appear to be more substantial.  I just wish there were some more affordable options for frequent customers who live in the neighborhood:  maybe some weekday dinner specials?
I can't compliment the staff enough.  Stew and Julie are heavily involved with the day-to-day operations and will go to great lengths to accommodate.  The space is set up wonderfully for small groups, and Stew loves to talk beer and is always looking for feedback.  I commend them for pushing east on Fairmount, and it appears they're being rewarded with consistent crowds.  Now that the opening buzz has settled to a normal level, it has become a fantastic spot to drop in for a late drink and/or a quick bite.  Stew is always rotating the draft list, and his penchant for reviving odd beer styles is much appreciated.Good food and drinks. Cute, cozy place for dinner or just to pop in for quick drinks. Free street parking near by and the are was not too crowed. Was able to get parking about 2 blocks away. Definitely recommend.Updating my review because I usually go here once a week, and I went here 3 days in a row once (lol). Every Thursday I have date night w/ my fiancé and we try to branch out, but generally end up too lazy to travel further than the few blocks we have to walk to Hygge after a long day at work. Their cocktails are almost always really good, the service is fast/very friendly and I really love the atmosphere. I haven't had a ton of the beers which seems strange since this is a brewery, but I think their cocktail creations are honestly on par with the beer. 
The menu changes seasonally, with them making updates super often when they first opened, and now it seems as though they have hit their groove with how often they make updates to the menu (once or twice a season). I am currently looking forward to their spring cocktails. I don't eat here often or really ever which I will admit is extremely strange since I have been here probably 40 times at this point, but the food generally looks good. I am really here for the cocktails and to escape the bro scene that spans 18th and Fairmount to 24th and Fairmount. But yeah in addition to the trendy name, Bar Hygge is consistently good and a diamond in the rough along Fairmount Ave-- there is a reason they made the top 50 bars in Philly this year.Not surprisingly, Bar Hygge was poppin' early last night. While walking down the street, I noticed hoards, literally like 3 or 4 groups of people just funneling in the doors of this restaurant. In my selfish/hungry state, I was thinking, "oh, great." This didn't seem to phase the staff one bit. 
The establishment is a restaurant that "hosts" a brewery and features its beers, alongside a wine and cocktail list. Essentially, it is part brew pub, part restaurant, and they have a fully functioning full bar. The brews are great. Techne, the brewer, is putting out some really solid brews. I really enjoying the porter and the H.O.P., a hoppy ale. 
I tried the vegan "pulled pork" sliders, which is incorrectly advertised and also happens to be delicious. This item might make you think there is some of that fake meat shit on it, but in reality its mushrooms. Just mixed mushrooms in an awesome smoky sauce on a really buttery roll. With really, really delicious fries. We also had the mac and cheese which i think has some  Israeli cous cous, or some other different grain in there mixed along with actual mac. Also, several cheeses, veggies, and some roasted tomatoes on the side. Our friends got the waffle wings which came with mixed reviews, but to be fair were completely devoured, and the Hygge frites, hooked up style. This, apparently, comes covered in cheese, brisket, and is served along side "awesome sauce."
What really made our experience wonderful was the exceptional, top notch service. Our server was efficient, fast, kind, and accommodating. We were there for awhile, ordered a ton of beers, and even extended our party beyond the confines of our table. Essentially, we were kinda annoying and we knew it. We were never rushed and the service did not decline over the several hours we inhabited our table, despite the very packed restaurant. I will most definitely be back, and will keep note of the fact that there will be hoards of other people waiting to try the awesome sauce they are serving here. Literally.Great and interesting food with only okay beers, Bar Hygge is a welcomed addition to the Fairmount neighborhood. 
If you come to Bar Hygge, come early and with a good group of friends you can share with. This will maximize the amount of unique dishes you can sample. Arriving at 7pm on a Saturday night was probably a bad idea, but we managed to force our group of four in at the inviting bar while we waited for a table (we ended up with a coffee table in the side room, but beggars can't be choosers). While at the bar we tried some of the house made brews, and I wasn't too impressed, but as someone who is not a fan of Ales or IPAs, it's probably not to big of a surprise.
Where Bar Hygge really excels is in the food options. If you're looking for light fare, stick to the Hygge Boards, in which you can pick one, three or five items. My group ordered the Crispy Brussels, a soft cheese, and a duck pate. Being fatties, we also ordered a bunch of entrees too, starting with the crispy and delicious Hygge Frites with Kennebec Potato, sea salt & pepper, assorted dipping sauces. Next was the Waffle Wings, with Chili brined organic wings (a light and crispy breaded outside), waffle tempura, Pennsylvania maple, pickled watermelon (my favorite), and mild hot sauce. After that, we split the Grass-fed Beef Burger with Shelbourne 2 year cheddar, beer braised onions and fries. The burger is a slider and you only get one, but it's juicy and perfectly cooked. Next out was the Organic 'Cluck-Cluck' BBQ, Grilled and braised chicken, on top of cheesy grits-cakes, ancho and guajillo chili sauce, crispy hominy, jicama and kale salad, and avocado vinaigrette. I'm not sure what half of that stuff even is, but whatever it was is totally working in this dish, especially those cheesy fried grit cakes. Finally, we ended with the Fregola Mac n' Cheese, which consisted of broccoli and melted leeks, raclette fondue, roasted tomato gremolata. So a play on mac and cheese with stewed tomatoes, it had a strong broccoli taste I really enjoyed, and the fregola instead of pasta adds a new interesting texture. 
Overall, I have a feeling we'll be back many times at Bar Hygge. While I was ambivalent about the beers, the unique food options is more than enough to keep me coming back for more.Stopped in for dinner and drinks last week to check out one of Fairmount Ave's newer additions (opened in February). Good food, good beer, casual/relaxed atmosphere.. I'm a fan. The food is definitely a step up from your typical bar menu. We shared one of the boards as our meal. You can choose 1, 3, or 5 items from their meat, veggies, and cheese options. The meat column includes seafood. Surprising enough, our favorite item was the crispy brussels (so good!). We also had the crab stuffed poblano, french onion steak buns, pork belly, and coconut chilled shrimp. Since we went heavy on the meat items, it was pretty filling. I'll prob pass on the shrimp next time around. The dinner menu also looked good. With so many things left to try, I'm sure I'll be back.Last night was my first time at Hygge.  I've been wanting to go and so happy I finally made it there!  I really love this place.  Super cute decor and they have outdoor seating.  The service was great and omg the food!!  I loved everything we ordered.  I hope to get back there again soon!  This may be one of my favorite spots.The service is friendly and helpful, the beers are great and the food is solid. The beers change pretty regularly and I've yet to have one that isn't fantastic - really great spot.Located in a cool , what seems to be upcoming ( my opinion as an outsider ) , area of Philly near the Eastern State penitentiary is Bar Hygge. The exterior is super cool with large floor to ceiling window and outdoor tables . The inside is industrial with a eclectic vibe. There is a bar to hang out at , a lounge area with cool worn couches , cozy booths and regular tables . 
The menu isn't large but the food is modern gastropub and is excellent . 
The drink options are also kick ass as they offer a great cocktail menu and beers from their own brewery called Brewery Techne. 
Everyone loved the cocktails and their craft beers were solid . Definitely worth stopping in for a beer. 
I recommend starting with the charcuterie board which isn't your typical meat and cheese . You chose how many items you want which is great. We went with the beef tongue prosciutto open face Ruebens , Mac and cheese bites , and some stuffed zucchini . The portions were plentiful and the flavors finger licking . 
For dinner the choices were two burgers ( you can chose toppings )  , the parpadelle pasta dish , and the thick cut pork chop with cranberries and potatoes.  As you'll see , everyone enjoyed their meal so much that I forgot to take pictures of the entrees hahah. 
Must stop if you are in the area !I have wanted to try this place place out for awhile, and finally did yesterday. The staff are extremely attentive and the food and beer are on point. I will definitely be back soon!This place is great! I went to dinner alone while on a business trip and chose to sit at the bar. The bartender was delightful and the service was great from both of them.  My meal came promptly and was a good portion. I chose the hamburger and fries. They we're delicious and a generous serving. The wine I chose pared well with the meal.  The kitchen put cheese on my burger even though I requested no cheese. I informed the bartender but told her I was fine eating it. And she apologized offering to replace it.  Too late the cheeseburger was too good to give up. 
This place has the feel of a neighborhood bar but at no time did I feel like an outsider. I enjoyed conversations with the bartender and some of my neighbors. There is such a chill vibe and I think they nailed it with Hygge!
Definitely worth a trip to this place for some delicious food and drinks 
As a perk the bartender brought me a dessert to go since I was too full to order one.  I highly recommend the peanut butter cake bites. MmmmmmI love this spot! I've been here a few times for both brunch and dinner and have always been pleased. I love the outside seating when it's nice out and the interior is also way cute. I like their lounge area. 
For food, the boards are a MUST. You can pick 2 or 3 apps/cheeses and I highly recommend the Brussels and eggplant dish. I usually hate splitting entrees because I'm weird, BUT this is a place I will split a few dishes because the whole menu is delish and I want a little bit of this and a little bit of that. 
Service has always been good when I come and their beer list is A+. You can also purchase growlers and I think there is some sort of refill discount during HH. 
I will say there are no TVs here. I came here for date night during an Eagles game and it was tragic. Other than that, highly recommend. Love that this spot is in my hood!P boy clam sandwich was amazing. And fries were the best I may have ever had. Especially if you love vinegar.  Atmosphere was neat and all staff was friendly and efficient.I stopped here for a quick dinner with a few friends on a Friday night. We were seated quickly at the bar since we didn't have reservations.
The menu was very small, but each item sounded great. I tried the fried tomato sandwich, which was delicious. It was a breaded yellow tomato, a deep fried cheese block, avacado,  and corn salsa all stuffed in a sandwich. We also tried 3 items on a "board", which were all great.
Food came out quick, and most of the staff was friendly. One of the bartenders was a bit rude, but luckily another waitress took over and helped with reccomendations.
We all left full and satisfied. Not sure that I would make a trip just to come here, but if I was back in the area i would stop in to try some more of the menu.Really enjoyed our evening here.  The staff is utterly delightful. Julie has created a warm, welcoming atmosphere and Julie (chef) has crafted an eclectic, delicious menu that meets everyone needs.The food was as fresh as it gets, with an array of tastes that truly delight. The wine list, while limited, is carefully chosen, and their signature Hygge cocktail (with scotch) is just yummy.  Go and enjoy.A small and intimate bar / restaurant in north Philadelphia. You can tell this is a bar frequented by locals the second you walk in. There's a nice outdoor seating area right on the sidewalk (perfect for people watching) and if it wasn't so chilly we probably would have sat outside to enjoy ourselves. Me and a friend decided to sit at the bar even though it wasn't super packed on a Saturday afternoon. The bartender Eddie gave us immediate service and was super friendly. He even let me try a few brews so that I could pick the one they fit my taste. I ordered the brunch burger based on Eddies recommendation and he was spot on. It was filling but not greasy and tasted like it was fresh off the grill. This place is a gem and you should certainly check it out if your in the neighborhood. Daily Cocktail Daily CocktailWent there on Sunday for brunch. Everything was wonderful from greeting at front door. I had eggs Benedict was delicious. My sister had the burger and my brother in law had the pancakes. Everyone totally enjoyed there meal. To top it off service was awesome, water glass always full. The waitress was very attentive. Will be back !!The best best best beer and cocktails in all of Philadelphia. Excellent bartenders, staff and owners. We always end up coming in for a quick drink and stay for much longer. The burger is to die for and definitely get the Hygge Frites. Growlers to go as well!Soooooo excited this place took up space at 17th and Fairmount. It is a welcome change from the seemingly identical meh bars that line other blocks on the street. I have gone probably 5 times in the last 3 weeks. Sometimes its pretty packed but I would say generally there are seats available.
I love how the space is broken up with the lounge area and then the seating/bar area on the opposite side, hopefully in the summer they will put tables outside...hint hint ;). The interior is beautiful, service is pretty friendly and attentive. I haven't tried much of the food but it looks good, I did have some of the salt roasted beets which were tasty. It is also a nice touch that they give samples out on certain days of the week. 
I have only tried two of the beers, the Alchemy Porter and the brown ale. The porter is absolutely delicious, just roasty enough with a little bit of tang from the balsamic vinegar, which lightens it up a little. I sampled a double ipa of theirs too which was pretty good. Otherwise the beers are pretty standard, above average brews. I hope they do seasonal beers for the summer/fall/spring!
And a final note, the aperol spritz is damn good and strong, I could drink like 10 but I won't.My favorite place in Fairmount. I love having a girls night or a happy hour cocktail here. The owners are awesome and everything from the food to the drink menu is pretty great! Now we need 30 more places like this in Fairmount please!?Much improved! I had previously given Hygge a two star rating, but we've been back (given it's so close to where we live) and had a couple of really lovely dinner experiences on midweek nights. 
The customer service is significantly better, particularly the initial greeting by the host. And the food seems to be getting better - we've had more success the pub-oriented dishes, their burgers really are terrific.
So, thanks Hygge, we're really pleased to have you in the neighborhood!If you are around fairmount, come here! When you first walk in, you will meet with the hostess. Once you are ready to go, you are seated either outside or inside. Once you are seated, you get water, menu, and asked if you want anything to drink. I got the Manhattan. The drink was pretty good. It wasn't strong and it was well balanced. Once we was done deciding, we ordered the board with mac n cheese, Brussel sprouts, and some sort of brisket. The brussel sprouts was actually the best part about this app and it's a vegetable lol. It had a nice texture, crispy, and had alot of flavor. The mac n cheese was a disappointment. It tasted like nothing. The brisket was pretty good, but wished there were more. And the bread tasted like bread. Myself, I ordered the pol boy. I never had a pol boy and I wanted to taste it. When I had my first bite, it had a nice ocean flavor. It was absolutely delicious! It felt like I was literally eating sushi. The fries were great. Nice soft texture. The mussels that we ordered had a strong mussel favor to it, but It was still good. The service was good. Well taken care of. Overall rating 4/5.Dinner was amazing! They make a really good Margarita. I cannot wait to come back for dinner or lunch! Their bunch was okay, I personally was not a fan of their Bloody Mary at all. Their waitstaff and hostesses were all very polite and it has a really cozy and neat atmosphere!We came about an hour or two before closing time and sat at the bar. They have a really good selection of draft beers. The bartender was really nice and also knowledgable when it came to his recommendations. Can't comment on the food as we didn't order any but the plates of the people near us looked and smelled delicious. Next time!Super good! Could use some lighter dishes for those who don't want to eat such heavy food especially on dates but the food that's there and the drinks areLast weekend, I ascended up (my fiance kindly informed me after reading over my shoulder that the "up" is not required in this sentence, sorry) to Fairmount to sample what Bar Hygge has to offer. My other-half and I used to joke about the concept of hygge and coziness, so it was just a matter of time until we penetrated this place's interior.
We sat at a high top facing the restaurant-front which is entirely glass. Perfect for people watching and creeping the sidewalk. 
I was actually initially going to go with the 2 farm eggs any style but then the asparagus frittata caught my eye. I'm not even particularly fond of asparagus or onions, the two main ingredients but I couldn't pass up anything containing lemon ricotta. This place was able to accomodate my preference of no onions unlike some other places that have this shit all pre-made and thus substitutions and alterations are impossible. 
The frittata was decent but I was somewhat disappointed. I was barely even aware of the ricotta and honestly forgot it was there. Perhaps it would have tasted better with the onions (in the event that I liked them). Don't get excited about the heirloom cherry tomato and basil salad because it consists of about 2 cherry tomatoes on top of the frittata. My main squeeze ordered the brunch burger with all the good shit a cheeseburger normally has PLUS something they refer to as "samurai ranch" as well as the option addition of bacon. This was greatly enjoyed. I sampled a little bit of the bacon and it was divine.
We, as a side, ordered the crispy brussels sprouts. My only complaint is that they were slightly too salty but otherwise they were absolutely delicious. The texture was PERFECT for brussels sprouts. If you like brussels sprouts you must come to this place and order this shit.
Bae also ordered a bloody mary and despite my high standards, I actually enjoyed the one they're serving up. 
This is a good place to come to for a bite and a beverage in Fairmount.My wife ordered a chardonnay to start and I had fancy cocktail made with lavender. Both drinks were great and we enjoyed ourselves over the drinks. We ordered, wife had salmon over faro risotto and I had quinoa sliders - both were awesome as well!  Service from the initial greeting to our waiter was superb. Great space for us mature older people with love in our hearts  and for the young with love in their eyes. Only drawback was hard surface = loud noiseWe had a great time at Bar Hygge tonight. We got 3 items from the board. The scallops, Brussels and Brie. A perfect starter. The roasted chicken breast was perfectly done and delicious. My husband's burger was one of the best he ever had. Service was spot on. Definitely going back.My husband and I came here on a Sunday recently and we loved Bar Hygge! 
Brunch is offered on Saturday + Sunday 1030-230. We were seated almost immediately and our waitress was extremely personable. She offered suggestions as well which is always appreciated. The brunch menu had a bunch that caught my eye. Especially the eggs Benedict w/ pork belly. I'm big on eggs benny, but pork belly isn't for me. Luckily, they allowed me to swap it out for pork roll instead. It was so delicious. My only complaint was the greens being overly salty. My husband went with the brunch burger and loved it as well. 
Bar Hygge also offers techne drafts! We went with the lemon meringue IPA. It was super refreshing! Bloody Mary's were on point as well! Spicy and very flavorful. 
The inside of the restaurant is visually stunning. I loved all the hand mirrors lined up in the bathroom too. Also the lounge area is a great touch to an already cute aesthetic. Absolutely will be back!The loaded fries was so good. And the pop chicken was on point! Very crispy and the dipping sauces were amazing! 
The atmosphere was friendly and lay back but also very hipsterish.