Wen't here on a date last night, the atmosphere was nice, we really liked the look of the bar area. We had a reservation and had hoped to sit outside, but when we got there we were told no outside seating was available even though I requested it. The food was good, but nothing spectacular, worth a visit if you are in the area but not a special trip.I like the atmosphere on this place. It's busy during the weekend. Gotta reserve ahead of time.
The bar tender made me something special and I really liked it. I'm a whiskey lover so I asked for something simple like whiskey w/ muddled fruits. It was very tasty!
The good is server tapas style. You can find meats, fish and options for Vegetarians and Vegans.Wonderful to eat here after visiting Spain and learning a little bit about "real" tapas and raciones. the choices here are varied and extremely well prepared with many interesting ingredients(lobster roe!). One caveat- some of the raciones were just tapa sized, the higher price reflecting the ingredient, duck, for example. Great space with interesting tile mosaics, service was impeccable.I love this place. The red sangria is just perfection, and the baked goat cheese is delicious. We always have great service as well, an amazing place for dinner and drinks.I really like this place.  They have a terrific wine selection, really good food and an interesting/cool decor.  My only drawbacks are that it can be noisy, but I am eating in public so big whoop, and it can be pricey for what you get.  Still, I don't mind paying it, because the food is really good; I just don't go there as often as I'd like.Five New Yorkers rolled down to Philly to visit a friend for the weekend and had a truly terrific gastronomic weekend.  The dinner at Bar Ferdinand was especially notable... not only because we ordered nearly everything on the menu, and duplicates of a handful of them.  No, our sideshow worthy prowess at putting food away aside, the food was FANTASTIC.  Having tasted nearly everything on the menu (seriously), the six of us agreed that the DÁTILES CON TOCINO empanadas (dates, bacon, cream cheese, honey, almonds) were our favorite.  Our second favorite was the CARNE A LA PARILLA (grilled skirt steak, lightly fried organic egg, truffle) which was also fantastic. But honestly, there wasn't a dish we DIDN'T like.  Really great meal.  Well done, Philly. Well done.I love this place.  It's my favorite spot to go out with one friend as you can just share a bunch of tapas (It may be a bit cramped for large parties to really partake in the tapas sharing experience.)  I've had just about everything on the menu and it's all good, but I try to stay away from anything that doesnt have cheese or some kind of animal in it because it can come out tasting a bit bland or just like olive oil.  My favorite dishes are the skewers with machengo cheese, apple foam, and walnut butter, the salad with grilled octopus (which was not the least bit rubbery), and the empanadas with dates, cream cheesse, and honey which I usually save for dessert.  
If you are looking for a full stick to your ribs meal, you may want to go elseware as that's not really what the fare here is meant for.  It's meant to taste a variety of flavors.  Usually when I plan on going to Bar Ferdinand I will cook a simple dinner at home and then hit this place up for tapas (read - drunk snacks) and sangria, and finish up with a sherry.  Service has been impersonal, but attentive.  REservations (made online) have always been kept.Stopped on a Sunday brunch and had the egg omelet with asparagus and crab, excellent. The $3 bloodiest and mimosa's are a nice plus. Server was attentive and was what we were looking for. A+Had the Tosta de Yema, and the Cana de Cabre = $18. The Tosta de Yema was an overpriced slice of grilled cheese, but the cana de cabre was pretty good. It was goat cheese with honey on top. Since this is a tapas place, they get a license to rip you off and you will leave hungry unless you spend $50. The service was good except for when the waiter threw a tantrum when we asked for separate checks (which we asked for before ordering).
Food Quality/Taste =  4 Star
Portion Size Given Price = 1 Star
Price = 1 Stars
Service = 4 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 StarsGreat Saturday Brunch!  My mom, two girlfriends and I came across a fairly empty restaurant at 3 pm on the Saturday of the nearby Art for the Cash Poor show at the Crane Building.  They were still serving Brunch and it was absolutely delightful.  We all enjoyed the pastries - goat cheese and fig was a winner as we're the churros.  My mother loved her poached egg over and unusual hash.  My husband who is terribly picky loved the Spanish version of French toast I brought home just for him.  We can't wait to go back, and I cannot understand why the restaurant was so quiet when we arrived.So, the dishes are hit or miss... Stick to the fig and goat cheese empanadas, almonds with sea salt, fried manchango, simple stuff... Good place for starters and Cava. Service is standard.The service was excellent. I called ahead for my girlfriend's birthday and they gave us a complimentary dessert as a surprise to herHad restaurant week dinner here with a friend. We sat outside because there were no tables eating inside. We had to ask if they were doing restaurant week in order to see the menu. We had the chickpea Fritas, mushroom and goat cheese flatbread, pan seared gnocchi, and chicken thigh. The food was good. All Spanish tapas style. Restaurant is very nice inside and service was friendly. They had a nice drink menu too.I have been to Bar Ferdinand a few times and have always enjoyed the meal.  Great ambiance and quiet.  Went with a party of 4 and ate well.  Sometimes I leave these places hungary, but we ordered well.  The final bill for 4 of us was over $300.00 but not bad I guess considering we ate well and drank well.  I would frequent again.Nice change of pace for big groups; the chef's  tasting menu is a lot of fun in that you get to sample flavors you may not choose off the standard menu. They're great about customizing the tasting menu based on dieters' restrictions. Love Amada, but Bar Ferdinand  is a solid tapas place (and it is much easier on your wallet).Bar Ferindand! What a fantastic place! Came here to have dinner with my friends a few weeks back on a trip from Boston. 
The atmosphere was bustling and exciting, the decorations were exquisite but the food here was out of this world!
Highly recommends:
- Manchego Frito: who knew that apple foam could be so intoxicating!?
- Patatas Bravas: perfectly seasoned and fried potatoes on top of a tomatoe base with an excellent drizzle of a mayo sauce.
- Their Crab Croqueta: lightly breaded crab cakes on on top of a savory lime sauce.
- The Chicken Liver skewers with a sauteed onion and bacon salad, a delicious choice for an adventurer willing to try something different, a bit gamey but none the less a delicious treat.
- Their Roasted Duck Breast sliders, succulent slices of duck breast with a delicious blue cheese sauce.
They also serve up some out of this world churros with a delicious dark chocolate dipping sauce. Yum!
Service was really friendly and we were greeted with a smile, cracked a few jokes here and there and really make the place inviting for us.
First time here and I'm really a big fan of this establishment, really looking forward to come back on my next trip in Philly! Way to go Bar Ferdinand!This would be a great date night spot.  I visited with a large party (11 people) and while we had a nice meal, I do think this spot is more of a small party type of place.
We inquired about a tasting menu (they don't offer one) but we were able to figure out a way to make tapas work for 11 people anyway.  There were a number of dishes that I tried and there wasn't a dish that I didn't like.  I will say, however, that I also wasn't really blown away by any one dish.  A couple of the highlights were the grilled octopus and the garlic shrimp, while the lobster deviled egg (it wasn't a deviled egg- it was a hardboiled egg puree that they served to be eaten with a fork.  weird) and the patatas bravas (tasted like home fries you'd get at a diner) were misses.
Service was just ok.  I sat there with an empty glass of water for a while and they kept bringing our table the wrong food.  It was annoying to keep having to be like "Hey, did anyone order this dish?  No... ?  Ummm.. ok".  Also, the waitress didn't really try to help accommodate our group in terms of offering suggestions on how to order to share.  Not that it was her fault--- we were the ones who rolled in with a big group-- but it should be taken into consideration if you are planning to come with a large party that Amada's prix fixe tasting menu may be a better option if you are in the mood for tapas in Philly.  
Speaking of Amada, I would say that I like the food and service at Amada better, but the atmosphere at Bar Ferdinand is a little more laid back and romantic (and the prices are more reasonable).  Don't come here expecting amazing food, but it would make a great spot to grab a few drinks and a few tapas with your sweetheart.We went to Bar Ferdinand as a recommendation from a co-worker. Our server was Jill (fabulous and enthusiastic) who gave us her personal choices which were spot-on. In fact, the entire service experience was terrific! For me, that's huge. The food was excellent and lots of cool tastes pop in your mouth. As others said, it's a tapas place so go in knowing you may still be a little hungry and the plates add up. Try the basked goat cheese with sage and a honey drizzle. I'm still dreaming.Love, love this restaurant. Beautiful place, gracious waiters. The food is excellent - highly recommend the Paella. One of Philadelphia's best restaurants.OH they have such tasty tapas here. A few of the items (if I were to go back) I will have to let them know to cook well done (i.e kabobs, duck hearts). I was with a group and we ordered several items..some were fails but overall they were tasty and interesting
What was disappointing was the sangria.We got the red AND white and they both left much to be desired. Not sure if it was just the bartender that day but we were disappointed with it.I have been going to Bar Ferdinand for awhile now and I must say that it is and has been nothing but exceptional. The food is inventive and continuously evolving, the ingredients are top notch, and the wine list keeps me entertained. 
My suggestion is to sit at the bar and order from the chef's specials page. I promise you won't be disappointed.I don't know why it's taken me so long to come to Bar Ferdinand since I am constantly at the Piazza.  I think it feels a little too fancy for my mood when I'm there. Luckily I was catching up with a girl friend that I hadn't seen for a while, so we decided on this spot. Lucky for us, sangria was plentiful and the food was absolutely delicious. 
We started out with oysters, beet salad, and octopus for our appetizers. The oysters we could have done without since it's not their specialty. (We were just craving because it was nice and summery out.) The octopus had a great char on it, which we loved but others could be not thrilled about. It went so well with the salsa verde plated with it. 
For entrees, we shared the mushroom flatbread and crispy pork belly. My friend heard rave reviews about the flatbread alone, so we couldn't skip the opportunity. Thank goodness. The dough is done right. I hate places that have super thin, crispy flatbread. You won't find that here. The crispy pork belly was slightly dry (as it often can be) but a little sherry sauce at the bottom more than made up for that. 
Now I can eat, so I'm willing to pay top dollar for good food. But I was only a little full when I left Bar Ferdinand though our bill would say otherwise. We each ended up spending over $70 for dinner and drinks. As much as I love it here, that will deter me from coming back as often as I'd like.Six of us ordered one or more of most of the tapas and all were delicious.  The service was helpful and the pacing was excellent.  We have to accept that most places these days will serve draft beer in quantities that vary with the alcoholic content, but the purveyors should state the ounces on the menu.  Some do and some, including Bar Ferdinand, do not.Although Bar Ferdinand is between two and three stars, I couldn't in good conscience give it three stars.  It just isn't there.  SO, I went to Bar Ferdinand for the first time last night because the surrounding restaurants all had a wait.  The ambiance is very nice and the place was not even half full so it was relatively quiet.  Without taking a look at the drink menu, I ordered a glass of chardonnay (staple) which, it turns out, they did not have.  Ok, so I told the waiter to surprise me.  Well he sure did, with a $12 glass of wine that he didn't bother telling me what it was.  Right.  My boyfriend ordered two beers:  a Walt Wit and Sierra Nevada's Celebration, which have a 4.2% abv and 6.8% abv respectively.  Both beers were $6 and put in a small snifter-type glass, which is usually reserved for high alcohol content beers.  Basically, you get half the beer for the full price.  
For dinner, we ordered the following:
Almond Crusted Eggplant:  $6, and you get three slim slices of eggplant (about the size of a roll of dimes) on a honey drizzled plate.  That's $2 per eggplant piece.  Seriously?  
Charred and Marinated Veggies w/ Goat Cheese Bread:  $10, Basically roasted veggies from the supermarket hot bar with 4 bruschetta style bread pieces.  Completely forgettable.
Scallops with Butternut Squash and Chorizo Vinaigrette: $16, three sizable scallops.  They were tasty BUT my life is not changed.
Seared Duck Breast with Dried Figs and Pistachios: $15, tasty but.... I'm still hungry.
New York Strip Steak with Organic Fried Egg and Truffles: $16, can you say it has truffles when it has two MINISCULE pieces of a truffle as garnish? 
Listen, if you love tapas, go to Chifa.  Not only will you get much more food for your money, but it tastes better and will leave a lasting memory.  I spent over $100 (with tip) here and was hungry again in two hours.  This place costs an arm and a leg for very forgettable food.  Even the bathroom wasn't that clean.I ate here after a huge lunch during a concert in the Piazza. The music piping in from the square was at a perfect volume for background noise, which totally added to the already good ambiance Bar Ferdinand exudes.
We weren't very hungry and tapas was the best choice, because we all got dishes just big enough for us. A friend ordered toasted almonds (yum!), which came in a tiny adorable skillet, the other ordered the chicken (which was a sizable chunk for tapas), and I ordered the branzino. We also ordered the churros, which came with chocolate on the side in a little teacup.
The branzino was perfectly cooked, with just enough char on the outside to add a good crust. The salad underneath was yummy (tomatoes and cilantro, anyone?), too. The churros were also tasty, with just enough chewiness to be really authentic. And of course I practically licked the extra chocolate out of the teacup.
The server was really friendly and helpful as well. I definitely recommend this place as a tapas bar.After experiencing amazing Spanish Tapas at Amada several times, I thought to give this place a try, considering it is very close to my house. I had heard mixed reviews, but was still itching to give it a try. I found it mediocre at best. The dishes weren't bursting with flavor, and were quite basic. Additionally, the drinks were watered down and our waiter was just OK. If I had to visit this place again, I would go again, but reluctantly, it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great either.My experience with eggs at a restaurant tends to be a greasy, overdone mess--omelette, sunny side up, benedict, whatever--way too oily and bland. Definitely NOT so at Bar Ferdinand. 
We came here for a Sunday brunch and were not disappointed at all. The scrambled eggs were probably the BEST we've ever had at a a restaurant. Not to mention, the pulpo (octopus), olives and sardines (part of the cold tapas), and the shrimp sandwich we got were just perfect. The octopus is a bit steeper, but you WON'T regret it; the texture, temperature, and flavor was among the best I've ever had.
Considering that the house wine was the cheapest drink on the menu, it was extremely delicious, and I'll definitely stock up on it at home. Terrum pinot noir, for those who are taking notes.
Oh god, their Bloody Mary and carajillo (espresso with anise liqueur. THIS is what I recommend for caffeine addicts) gave us just the kickstart we needed to run errands on a dreary Sunday afternoon. Yup, nothing beats cocktails and wine on a Sunday afternoon.
Slightly slow service, but quite friendly, and the quality of food more than made up for it. I'd come back for happy hour.The food is perfectly executed!  So flavorful and creative.  Loved the manchengo skewers, chicken sandwich, stuffed dates, and green salad with fried artichoke hearts.  The only thing we didn't love was the chicken empanada.  I will be back for sure!I went here on a Sunday (3/13/11) for lunch (brunch) with three other people - since it was still cold the windows were all closed and the place felt a little small, I would like to go back in the warmer weather. Still the décor was nice and it wasn't crowded at all. The noise level was still high because of the music though. 
Between four of us we ordered 5 tapas and two sandwiches to split. Started off with the SURTIDO DE CARNES (Sliced Serrano ham, chorizos, cured pork loin) and PLATO DE QUESO (Assorted cheese plate, quince paste, olive tapenade, sangría jelly, candied Marcona almonds). The amount served looked small, but it went a VERY long way, we even had to ask for more bread to go around for our cheeses/meats. My favorite was the olive tapenade. 
Next we had Jamon croquettes which were delicious, but there were only 3 and there were four of us. Then came the PATATAS BRAVAS (Fried potato, spicy tomato sauce, aioli), a house specialty, and they were really wonderful! Basically bite sized fried potatoes chunks with a cheese sauce, very tasty, very garlicy. A really big serving size too!
The two sandwiches were also good, very flavorful, and I even like the veggie one despite my distaste for mushrooms and onions: PECHUGA DE POLLO AHUMADO (Seared chicken breast, San Simon cheese, chorizo bacon, swiss chard, smoked paprika aioli), VEGETARIANO (Wild mushroom, caramelized onion, sautéed spinach, Manchego cheese).
The last little flourish of a tapa was the CHORIZO AL VINO which was right on the money, very flavorful almost caramelized strips of chorizo in delicious sauce. However when you see the portion you might laugh. At this point we were all full so it was enough to taste.
All-in-all it was a nice lunch and we had more than enough food for the four of us. The presentation of the food was well done, everything was good, and the bill was very reasonable considering all that we ordered including drinks. I would definitely make a return trip!Went as a party of 4 this past Saturday evening and was very pleased with every aspect of this restaurant. The location is great in NoLibs. The restaurant decor is stunning. The servers were friendly, knowledgeable and very attentive. The food stole the show. When first reading the menu I was weary of the description of the various ingredients and combinations as I am not an adventurous diner, but my worries were dashed by the excellent tasty dishes. We tried about 12-15 of the tapas style plates and the red sangria and everything was awesome. We had the chickpea and tuna. The beet salad. Multiple orders of the chicken empanadas. The fillet. The skirt steak. Littleneck clams....mussels, crab filled pastries. I am probably leaving out a bunch but they were all exciting to eat and delicious. The only negative is that a bunch of little plates can add up to one big price. This is a great Philadelphia dining spot and enjoy.Damn you Bar Ferdinand...you ruined my last night in Philly! 
"We wasted the good surprise on you!" 
Stick to the cheese steaks and pretzels when your looking for something good to eat! Not that some of the tapas weren't tasty, but I'd rather spend my money on something filling. 
I understand the concept of Tapas...really, I do. But how bout you put a tad bit more on a plate for the price you're gonna charge? 8 bucks for 3 or 4 pieces of shrimp and a tiny sliver of bread to pick up the oil on the plate is pretty whack!
REALLY? That's what you're gonna bring me? 
The only thing cool about this place is the matches I jacked from the podium up in the front before I left! 
Sadly, we went to McDonald's afterwards to actually eat. My dear Philadelphians, if you ever make your way to Cali, make sure you stop by Viva Madrid in Claremont for some real Tapas!As a New Yorker, I'm a complete food snob.  Go ahead and hate, we're the culinary capital of the East Coast.  Visiting some peeps in Philly, I had to find a place to accommodate both my wife's vegan philosophy and our small dog...called ahead to Bar Ferdinand, and they gave the green light on both counts.  Sweet.
We proceeded to get lifted on moderately priced cocktails on a beautiful Sunday evening.  The food was damn good, but honestly, we were pretty drunk, so it could possibly have seemed better through out liquor goggles.  
We will definitely be back.Finally made it here for a quick lunch and would go back for dinner in the future.
The service was good, but the restaurant was only about 1/3 full , so service shouldn't be a problem. The tapas on a weekend are mainly tuned to brunch, but what we had was good. The chorizo was really good, not like you buy in the local grocery stores. The chorizo with fried egg sandwich has great taste and was plenty for lunch. The almond/honey/ fig tapa reminded me of baklava. The other sandwich with pork and veggies was also good. NIce bar area.Consistently consistent, This review comes after a minimum of 5 times dining here.
The most recent was just 01/17/15 for a brunch. We went with a large group of people (Around 20) and were given a set tasting menu for brunch.
As I have dined here several times, I was pretty sure that I would have had most of the items they were going to serve us, I was wrong. Brunch was great! They put together a great menu of truly brunch-based tapas. Also, the staff did a great job of keeping our glasses filled with sangria, bloody mary's and mimosa's.
If you come for dinner, you will pretty much find all of the same characteristics. One of my favorite dishes is the manchego frito with apple foam. But you can't go wrong with anythingMy food experience here is getting worse....
I have been here before for dinner a couple of times. They have satisfying selection of Vegeterian / Gluten Free dishes. This time one of the dishes was moved to brunch (the best one!) and the rest was severed in a little bit different dish set and was awfully grease. Every single thing we got was swimming in grease... Anytime I eat food so heavy I don't feel good and regret eating any of it. All I could taste was salt for hours after the dinner. 
I'm afraid we need to part ways Bar Ferdinand....Only good things to say about this place. Tapas are tasty and plentiful. The wine list has a variety of selections and the staff is well educationed on them. It is one of my favorite places in Philadelphia and will always remain special to me.Went here on a date night, and while the tapas aren't the level you would find in Spain (let's be realistic here), they are pretty good for a nice, unpretentious tapas place in philadelphia.
We had the cheeseboard, patatas bravas, and empanadas, alongside a glass of both white and red sangria. While the white sangria was nice and light with more tropical fruits the red sangria definitely won the competition, and was full bodied without being too sweet like most cheap sangria. Our waitress was knowledgable and attentive, explaining the origin of the cheeses and the pairings for each one, and the service was great without being overbearing- we were seated within seconds of entering.
Three plates and drinks were definitely enough for two of us, but if you like your meals large you will probably want to spring for more- they are small tapas plates after all. The patas bravas are a great deal- the pairing of spicy tomato and creamy aioli sauce is delicious, and the potatoes themselves are creamy and filling.Bar Ferdinand is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I've probably been there 30 times and have never had a bad experience. And as they are moving more towards local and sustainable food, I'm only growing in my appreciation for their work.
I find the inventiveness and quality of the food to be top-notch, and at surprisingly affordable prices. My boyfriend and I always know we want a few dishes before we even sit down: 
1) The manchego with apple foam- so simple and delicious. Who knew apple foam even existed? And the sauce is amazing.
2) The monkfish and pork belly. The fattiness of the pork belly and the meatiness of the monkfish play off of each other perfectly, and they are just deliciously seasoned. I salivate thinking about them
3) Any of the lamb dishes. Always tender and lovely.
If there are specials, we always jump on those as well. I recently had  a salmon special that was so fresh and well prepared it barely had anything but oil, salt and pepper and it was fantastic.
My best experiences there have been during the Thursday night chef's tasting. The first one we did was with a wine pairing, and we got to meet and talk with a rep from the Spanish vineyard and the local distributor during the meal. Each dish was paired well with a different variety of wine. One stand out from that meal was a carrot flan with black currants and a small salad. I though it sounded crazy, but it was amazing.
The most recent chef's tasting included a tomato salad that even though I don't like tomatoes much, I thought was delicious. Asparagus plancho- just asparagus and egg yolk- made me jealous that I could never make something so simple taste so good. We had rabbit for the first time there, and they did a stellar job. And halibut that was tender and flavorful. 
I'm also starting to really love the creativity of desserts. Recently they've had a special popsicle with chocolate and vanilla sea salt that even if I don't have the room, I have to eat in full. And the chef's tasting included a goat cheese panna cotta that I hope ends up on the regular menu- yum!
Bar Ferdinand really is the perfect spot for dinner if you love trying new, fun dishes without completely breaking the bank. The casual atmosphere also means you don't have to worry about jackets and ties to have a great night out. I love this place!wow.  second time back was not as good at all.  Both service and food were mediocre.    I'm being generous with a 3 because its philly and I had a good first experience.Okay. Lets get this out of the way
it was a saturday night, we're a party of four, we didn't have reservations.
we walked in and were told it was over an hour wait, plenty of empty tables (but probably reserved-fine-but weird sort of to have SO many empty tables) 
All this I get, it's my fault for thinking we'd be able to get a table right away. But it was pouring rain, we looked a little disheveled with the help of only one umbrella and the looks from the hostess and the server at the bar were just plain mean.
we decided to order all the empanadas and the serrano ham croquets and the kale and goat cheese croquets. It's not like we were cheap, we knew we looked like a mess because of the rain but we were ready to pony up for drinks and food.
The empanadas were terrible. Each one tasted like a hot pocket and was overly peppered (and i love pepper! but this was just bleh) It was just mush inside a pastry. I was with two people that live in NY so i was hoping to impress since philly is so often written off as a good food city.
What did I wind up doing? Headed down the street for just plain old honest to good food @ Dos Segundos, where the empanadas have texture and the tacos are authentic.  
I admit I had high hopes for Bar Ferdinand-I mean, they make you think that you should. I would like to try more stuff, but just the rude nature and bad food makes me not want to go back.We met friends for an exemplary meal.  Using the server's recommendations as a guide we ordered and were very pleased with everything.  The chicken liver tapa was delicious.  The chicken thigh was delicious.  The garlic shrimp was delicious.  The autumn roasted vegetables were delicious.  The mussels were delicious.  You get the idea!3.75 stars, it could have been 4 solid stars, except for one easy to adjust, but oft not, item.  THE FRIGGIN SALT!!!  Please taste what you are seasoning before you just throw in handfuls of salt.  Thank you in advance!
OK, now for the details...what a lovely find in Northern Libs, been bookmarked for a few months now and kicked to my attention by a recent article.  A very nice bottle and draught selection of brew.  Also, there was a nice Spanish wine by the glass selection, which with the assistance of the bar servers, one was chosen which added positively to the overall experience. 
Service was impeccable, I sat at the bar as I like to do, on a busy Saturday night.
The first small plate chosen was the marinated charred veggies served with goat cheese on bread.  The veggies included a to-die-for eggplant, (if I could make that eggplant, I would never leave home) , but I wish we had just two more slices of that bread, what was served did not do the entire amount of the dish justice.
Second, was a flatbread with a most tasty, delicious pancetta, garlic oil and baked egg, which the server broke the yolk and spread the yoke evenly over the flatbread.  This was absolutely delightful. 
We then split the paella, which we were told was large enough for 2, well it was large enough for 3.  This has to be among the top paella's I ever had, but keeping it from the top was the SALT.  The chorizo, the shell fish of shrimp, mussels and clams, all already added salt to the dish.  I would be extremely surprised and withdrawal my comment if I was told NO additional salt was added to the dish.  Served in a rustic, traditional paella pan, the rice, the flavors, the tender chicken leg and thigh, the richness, were decadent.  The flavors complimented each other well, and I ate until I could eat no more.  Therefore, there was no room for dessert. :-(
I really liked this place, I will return, and frequently I might add.I love how romantic Bar Ferdinand is!  We even stopped in to take a photos by the bar on our wedding day.  The photos are awesome especially because of the dried roses that hang from the ceiling by the bar that ended up framing the shot.  The manager was very accommodating to allow us to come in and photograph before our wedding cocktail hour.  
We returned on our anniversary to stop by the bar for a drink and appetizer.  Bar Ferdinand has an excellent menu and a good selection of wine, beer and cocktails. I tried their house white wine and it was great - not too sweet, dry or oaky - just a really nice white and I don't normally drink white wines.  We tried the goat cheese with lavender and it came with toasted bread for dipping.  David Ansill even swung by to tell us that we can eat the rind.  He is an interesting character which adds to the unique feeling of the restaurant.Fun place in Fishtown!  Went with a group and had a great time--unique atmosphere.  I do think that the portions were unusually small for tapas (we all had to eat a snack after), but they tasted great!  At around $50 per person, it was little pricey, but a fun place to go with friends.It's not a bad place for relatively affordable tapas.  Quality wise, probably not as good as the Garces places, but the environment is more laid back, the prices are fair, and the food is decent.  I loved it in Spain when I was there and the environment here gave me more of that vibe than any of the Garces places do.
As for the food, the Surtido de Carnes (selection of meats) was great, I wish they would've had more of a selection of cured meats but what they had was very delectable.  The octopus was also very good.  I am huge fan of Jamon so we got the jamon croquette and it was kind of a let down.  The filet mignon and fish/pork belly skewers were delicious.  The Gambas Al Ajillo (prawn) was also delicious and so was the Carne a la Parilla (steak).  We also got the Paella which like most places if they make it fresh, takes a while to come out, but it was worth the wait.  Not the best I've ever had (Barcelona and San Juan, I had amazing Paella) but definitely very good and I can't think of anywhere else in Philly that has better.  Of all the things we got, only one was kind of a disappointment but even that wasn't even bad so I have to say it was a great meal and I would definitely recommend it for anyone who loves Tapas and Spanish cuisine.Go and grab some pizza instead. I'm serious. You'll be happier for it. 
That way you may actually feel full. 
Or you could wait.  Have your waiter take your drink order and wait 15 minutes for it. Then order your tapas, like six or eight of them. If you're a child or hamster this maybe enough to hold off your appetite for eleven minutes.  
Don't forget that you'll get your tapas in ten minute intervals.  Take two chipmunk size bites, push your plates to the side then wait for six hundred "Mississippi"s . The waiter does this because he doesn't want to "overwhelm" you.  
Sure.
I should of ran out on the bill. Wouldn't want to "overwhelm" him by paying.My boyfriend and I loved this place! The food was fabulous and so was the service. We had two bottles of the Estrella Damm INEDIT, which was quite a treat! No one carries this beer and we didn't mind paying 30 bucks a bottle. Just about the only thing we minded was the paper napkin. Spending 200 dollars on dinner and drink, your customers really should have a cloth napkin!The plethora of open tables on OpenTable only 3 hours before your intended reservation should tell you something.
1. Very loud. Unable to have conversations or hear waitress.
2. Everything is very salty.
3. Spicy meatballs were not.
4. Of our 15 or so dishes, none "wowed" us.
5. With only 4 dessert items, you cannot "run out of churros." You are a Spanish restaurant.Bar Ferdinand has always been there for me when other establishments have fallen through.  Standard Tap and North Bowl not doing happy hour yet?  North Third and El Camino Real have too long of a wait?  No one in your dinner party wants to try someplace new?  Bar Ferdinand has been there for me.  
I think that if you haven't done tapas before, Bar Ferdinand is a good place to start out.  A little friendlier (in atmosphere and on the wallet) than Amada, this warm, sleek NoLibs spot has something for everyone.  The menu contains everything from blueberry ale and fried octopus for the food-curious to Miller Lite and fried potatoes for the less adventurous.  Everything is reasonably priced.  
I've been here a few times, and there are few misses among the hits.  Cons: some of the plates are awkwardly and sporadically spaced; some of the items on the menu were a bit "off" (a date- and cream cheese-stuffed pastry was just a little too cloying for me; a cold omelet wedge tasted a bit too much like, well, cold omelet).  Pros: the majority of the meals are delightful in the combination of tastes and textures.  My favorites, and staples for whenever I go there, include a perfectly assembled cheese plate, as well as these membrillo-manchego-apple foam-walnut sauce skewers.  
Bar Ferdinand should also be notable for being one of the few places in NoLibs a) that does not require yelling in order to be heard and b) has anything remotely resembling navigable space.Haven't been here since ansill took over as chef...he has trimmed down an overly loaded menu to half the size, giving you twice the deliciousness!  The charcuterie comes with a nice tasty selection of meats and pickled veggies, the hot goat cheese plate will leave you wanting more...oysters...yum! Crab croquette was just the right amount with what appeared to be fresh not frozen crab...shrimp with garlic...heavenly...and then I used the fried garlic and butter sauce with the above mentioned croquette, what a pleasure...David has taken a good restaurant and made it great...congratulations!
After the 2nd trip here the above review remains...add another 1/2star...foie gras with some sort of incredible berry jelly that was the perfect topping...calamari and Spanish octopus both excellent...baked goat cheese perfect...David is really hitting on all cylinders...bravo...please open another Ferdinand on south st or Passyunk ave!!!!Probably the first tapas restaurant I ever went to.  Bar Ferdinand has a stellar cold and hot plate menu and a couple items I still remember a few years later.  There was a seared skirt steak with a quail egg fried in truffle oil that I still bust out when entertaining it's such a strong dish and an herbed baby octopus dish that was baby octopus perfection- not at all rubbery!  Well worth the trip up to northern liberties.This review is straightly for their drinks only. I hope someday I will go back here to find out their food. 
We sat by the bar area, where they hang up dry roses around. It's a really nice touch. Goes well with the place. I was in the mood of some whiskey but didn't want to have it on its own. I tried Barcelona, which has bourbon, licor 43, bitters and some brandied cherries. It was so good and tasty! I only let myself have two glasses. It took a lot of will power, for sure. :-) And yes, make sure to eat the cherries. They will give you a little kick in a good way! ;-)a fun place to go with a bunch of friends - it's can be intimate or not and the music is not too loud. plus you can order more tapas! everything was pretty tasty...don't recommend the cured meat plate though - it was kinda dry and sad looking. loved the date empanadas and duck and lamb dishes were my favorites. get a pomegranate sangria - it's just fun!Authentic Spanish tapas restaurant. We ordered one-two tapas dishes at a time and they all came out quickly and hot as they were prepared. It was perfect! For five of us, we enjoyed probably a combination of ten mixed dishes and then followed with dessert. The staff was very nice and gave information for each dish as we ordered them. For example, which were so small that two would be better for our group...and they were spot on each time! One person in our group is currently on chemo and she wasn't quite feeling well. The restaurant only had one soup prepared in advance that she wouldn't be able to enjoy and the chef actually came out (not knowing about the chemo) to ask her what kind of soup she would like. She gave him a couple ingredients that would be good, that brothy was better than creamy, and he made her an amazing custom soup that was delicious! We will definitely go back!!!Every time I come back to Philly for a visit, I meet my friends here for dinner. It's in Northern Liberties, where parking is usually effortless and it's easy to get to, whether walking or driving.
It's a tapas restaurant, so you need to be ready to splurge to eat here...each dish ranges from $5 - $10, which adds up quickly. But it's worth it. The wine selection always impresses and never disappoints...some of the best Spanish wine I've ever tasted. And the decor...oh how beautifully ambient the lighting is! Be sure to check out the mosaic murals on the back wall of the restaurant. The rich, warm Spanish decor is very impressive and very well done!
There's outdoor seating, which is perfect for a warm summer night. Service is always with a smile, and I've never had a negative experience, no matter how busy they are. 
One of my favorite Philly restaurants that will always hold a special place in my heart.Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. 
I love this place so much I want to take everyone I know here. The food is absolutely incredible. There is so much variety on the menu, and the staff are super knowledgable about everything on the menu. 
We had a bit of an issue in the beginning, we were there for a group dinner celebrating a friends' birthday. We had a reservation for 8 but weren't seated until almost 9. The issue was that their biggest table was sitting around talking way after finishing their meal, so I guess it was out of their control. 
The food definitely made up for it. I have a shellfish allergy and have been trying to cut back on carbs, but even eliminating shellfish and bread, I had so much to choose from. 
I can see how people can rake up their bill as everything is small plates, but they're a lot more filling than you'd think. I'd suggest ordering 2-3 things at first, and then seeing how you feel. The wait staff is always coming around to suggest more things to try, so it's easy to order more. 
The atmosphere is top notch - the bar is decorated with thousands of dried roses and twinkle lights, it's very romantic. 
The sangria is amazing, and I'm not usually one to pick sangria over just general red wine. It helps that it's only $7 a glass, too. 
Definitely one of the best restaurants in Philly.I liked this place's tortilla espanola.  Liberties walk is still kinda a weird place, but it's a little better now at night especially with Deuce just fifteen feet across the walk.  The space heaters are a nice touch.  We'll still be able to sit outside and drink later in the fall.
The food is a lot cheaper than Amada.  It's a nice change of pace from our usual night out slummin' it at the Fire.Consistently delicious tapas restaurant in Northern Liberties. Have dined for dinner on a number of occasions and always leave satisfied. Some of my favorites are the paella, warm goat cheese with honey, and the flatbreads which are all pretty good. Everything is has great flavor and the romantic ambience of the establishment makes it a good date night spot. It can be pricey, as the case for most tapas restaurants.
Happy hour is a great deal in my opinion. $5 sangria and a bunch of small plates for $5 as well including meat & cheese board, mussels, $1 oysters. Their late night menu seems to be pretty good as well, although I haven't tried. Overall good restaurant in the area.Super Tapas!   
My husband and I went here with a few friends for dinner on Friday. WOW! We were so happy with our decision to try it!  Between the four of us, we ordered about 12-14 dishes and every single one was delicious. My top favs were the Langostines (special), the Date & Bacon Empanada (ordered two!), and the Pork Belly.  Additionally, they have an outdoor Paella cooking and it looked awesome. If we weren't so full, we would have gotten that too!
Our bartender/waitress Jill was honestly one of the best, most well-informed service staff we've had in the Philadelphia area. She knew the menu inside and out. When I asked for a drink recommendation, she told us that she created all the cocktails, so I just let her pour. The drinks were awesome. The wine suggestions were perfect. She really was a great server. 
I would recommend this to anyone. Groups, couples, etc. With such a wide variety of items to pick from, you can't go wrong.Went here forSunday Brunch 
Started off with the Mimosa "Sangrade" which were delicious.
Had the Sauteed Spinach and Piquillo Pepper Omelet with Crab which was an extra $3 dollars which is expected.  It was delicious and I enjoyed every bite. (make sure to ask for some Sriracha sauce).
Mainly giving this place 5 stars for the Date and Bacon Empanada, Honey, Almonds. OMG! This dish was so good.  Only two came because it is an appetizer but I had it with my meal.  But I wish 4 came with it they were so good! 
The service was also very good.  I guess our waiter lost one of our tickets in the back and so the rest of our food came out way before my friends meal.  So the waitress gave us complementary mimosas and the meal that was late was on the house.  
Will definitely be back to try more.We don't get here very often, because it is far from our South Philly home, but on the three occasions we've eaten here everything has been delicious. The wines and sangria are excellent, and the croquettes are just as good as the croquettes we had when in Barcelona. 
Don't miss the cheese boards, charcuterie, or empanadas. The baked goat cheese, the Moroccan rabbit, flatbreads, potatoes with aioli - in fact everything we and our dinner guests have had - are scrumptious. 
I read a review that bested Bar Ferdinand to Amada. I wouldn't go that far, but I would say it is just as good as Amada.It had been a while since i strolled the streets of Northern Liberties...cause back in the day when i lived in philly it was quite dangerous...not to mention there weren't very many (ok, there weren't ANY) hipster places to hang out. nowadays, it reminds me a bit of williamsburg in brooklyn...
while visiting philly this past weekend, some friends took me to Bar Ferdinand. i love tapas and wine, so i guess i loved the place before we even got there. it was a saturday late-night, and it wasn't crowded. we only ordered a few tapas, which were all yummy...smoked breaded calamari, patatas bravas and some kinda baked spanish cheese with garlic and toast. tapas=small plates, great for picking and sharing with groups.
the music was quite varied...from the latest radiohead (yay!), to justin timberlake, to fleetwood mac...all of which sparked conversations between us, but not all good ones. probably better if they had a playlist on random rather than playing the whole cd of any of them. just a thought. otherwise, great dim lighting and decor!The BF and I came here the other night after we bought a deal on Rue La La.  Most of the time, restaurants that use daily deals to lure us in have been lackluster, but Bar Ferdinand is the exception to the rule.  I was really impressed by the authentic menu, delicious food, and solid service.
The two of us split six dishes plus dessert: marinated olives, pixin con panceta (monkfish and pork belly skewers), plato de queso (cheese plate with homemade garnishes), patatas bravas, calamares en su tinto (squid in its own ink with sofrito and chorizo), fried lamb tongue over mashed chick peas. and helado de almendra (almond ice cream with almond brittle, olive oil torta, and mixed berry compote).  Everything tasted incredible and there were no bad dishes during our meal.  My personal favorite was the lamb tongue.  The outside was crispy and salty, but the tongue itself was moist, velvety, and incredibly savory.  It paired well with the chick peas and the sauce.  The patatas bravas were also great, even if it was just breakfast potatoes in a spicy (but so delicious) sauce.  The cheese plate, fish and pork belly skewers, and almond ice cream were also fantastic.
Aside from the food, our server was very attentive and helped us out in letting us know exactly how many dishes we should order for the two of us.  The menu not only boasts an extensive wine and beer list (featuring plenty of local and Spanish options), but also menu options that I've rarely seen on an American menu at a Spanish restauant (Bacalao, for example).  The atmosphere is great but the restaurant can get a bit noisy sometimes, which may make it better for groups as opposed to dates.  However, I really enjoyed our meal here and I would definitely come back to try more of the menu, a prix fixe, or maybe even brunch.Come on, people. Where is the love for Bar Ferdinand? This is one of the only Yelp average ratings that I disagree with highly. I am speaking up to defend my beloved tapas place. And I have been to Barcelona, Seville, and Madrid, and am making comparisons to the authentic cuisine. It is not often that a bar has delicious food, but I would eat here once a week if I could. It is because of Bar Ferdinand that I discovered my love of manchengo cheese - as its one of the key ingredients paired with an apple foam and walnut puree. And five bucks to boot. I dream of their fried serrano ham croquetas with a bready outside, patatas bravas (fried), and fried cinnamon churros with a chocolate dip.
Are you noticing a lot is fried? Don't worry - you won't need to be rolled home or anything because you sample bit by bit.:)
If you go late at night and sit outside on the weekend (like 9 PM), I've always thought that the service is attentive.Nice bar but those "tapas" are just undersized, overpriced appetizers.I've had a lot of great meals in my 20-something years of life and my most recent meal at Bar Ferdinand definitely ranked up there.  First, it was Monday, so bottles of wine were half-price.  If that doesn't begin an amazing meal I don't know what does.  We ordered two bottles and dug into the menu.  
- favorites
the manchego is their most popular dish according to our server and did not disappoint.  Our table of four ordered two servings of the calamares rellenos because it was to DIE for.  We also loved the smoked salmon croquette, the vegetariano sandwich, and my companions adored the short rib.  We also ordered every dessert offered that night : )
Honestly, every single morsel from start to finish that we put in our mouths we raved about.  The wine, the service (shout out to Lauren), and the food was incredible.  We dined in the true meaning of the word (as in lots of time, lots of great conversation, lots of fun) and I cannot wait to go back!!!  Our total bill with two bottles of wine (half off), food, desserts, coffee, and tip was around $200 and we were STUFFED.
Sadly I haven't tried Philadelphia's most famous spanish tapas place yet (Amada) but I suggest next time you want a fun night out, a great date night, or are just looking for a light dinner check out Bar Ferdinand.
side-note: my girlfriends and I love to go in here for a pitcher of Sangria at happy hour, it's an AWESOME deal at half-off.Had a rough day or have something to celebrate or just want to eat out. ...this is my destination place. Free  parking starts the experience and then the welcoming atmosphere. While I usually eat at the bar to interact with the staff and others, the dining room is equally welcoming. Each time I come the quality is high of both service and food. The set menu is good, the happy hour menu always has a good selection and I often pick something from the daily special.  It is good and often great! Go!I've been here before, but after going with a bunch of yelpers on a Friday night, I was kind of reminded why I don't go here that much.  The service was slowwww,  The cheese plate was kinda crappy.  
Our server  hooked us up to make sure we had enough of everything for group and the palella was actually pretty banging.Finally made it here to dinner, and overall, I was pleased. Brought two of my lady friends, and I guess we didn't get the memo that it was couples night.  (This place exudes romance and all those lovey-dovey feelings. I mean, there are hundreds of roses surrounding their gorgeous bar!) Nevertheless, our party of three enjoyed the evening.
Onto the food and wine! The pitcher of white wine sangria started us off, and I'm glad we chose it. Delightful, refreshing, and the pomegranate berries gave it a pop of color. I did hate the fact that the pitcher looked like it came from Toys 'R Us. Pitchers need to be bigger! Adult-size, please.
FLATBREADS. Get the flatbreads! Especially the pancetta with the baked egg. They give you a spoon so you can spread all that egg-y goodness. The slight crunch of the pancetta and oozy egg? YES. Then we got the other flatbread with the mushrooms and goat cheese. I didn't taste the truffle, or maybe it was because I ate it too fast!
Second round of tapas were 1) marinated veggies with goat cheese-smeared bread and 2)  the octopus with potato fingerlings. The veggie selection (baby carrot, roasted red pepper, mushrooms, and eggplant) was just ok, but the bread pieces could be a bit smaller since they took over the plate leaving no room for the veggies. Poor veggies. The octopus was nicely grilled, but for some reason, thought it needed some oomph. The pimenton (that reddish dust similar to paprika) didn't do much for me. It was a very lightly flavored dish. 
Instead of dessert, we opted for a bottle of albarino and some good conversation!
I'd come back for the flatbreads and try more of the tapas!This was my fourth or fifth trip to Bar Ferdinand and it never disappoints. I went with my sisters to commemorate the one-year anniversary of our Madrid, Spain vacation (really any reason justifies a trip to this restaurant). 
All the flavors and tapas we loved in Spain we got here that night. I have my favorites (the Baked Cabra Cheese) as do my sisters (Bacon and Date empanadas) and we loved the specials too. Arrived in time for Happy Hour - a great $4 house wine to go with our Paella and croquettes. 
And the meal would not have been complete without the amazing churros and chocolate. Wonderful meal to savor the memories of Madrid. We also had used a Daily Candy deal for $45 we got $75 worth of food (like getting out Paella for free!)
Manager also went out of his way to call me the next day to make sure no one in our group has lost our gloves on the banquette. That is amazing customer service. 
Will totally be back when the weather get warmer and you can dine outside!This place is ok. I usually don't write reviews unless I love or hate something, but after reading all the glowing reviews, I felt I had to temper the love-fest with a dose of reality. This place is an "eh" tapas joint. If you like tapas, and have had it all over the world, you'll realize that this place serves good but not-particularly-authentic food in a nice setting. Although authenticity isn't always the best measure of a restaurant, I want to feel like the chef has mastered the form before he starts messing with it. 
Bar Ferdinand is a totally decent place to take a date to, and for folks who aren't particularly experienced with tapas they'll have a great time. The food is good and high quality and some of the combinations are interesting. My biggest thing was that I was expecting to go to a tapas restuarant- a dark place with a big menu of sherries and ports, and lots of super-salty little dishes heavy on porcine products, olives and fish. This has more of that jazzed-up NYC-style of bullshittery that tries to sell "fusion" food to yuppies and people with more money than sense. Throwing apple foam on things excites a certain type of person (usually the same people who refer to themselves as "foodies"), but unfortunately that isn't me.Hmmm. I really wanted to like this place. Went here for a date and I have to say I love the decor and atmosphere. It was generally quiet and a very intimate location. The food to me? Just okay. Nothing more. The drinks? Even less special. I'm a big fan of Sangria and the sangria here was very disappointing. Servers are very quick and professional so that was a plus. Overall, I was with great company so I enjoyed myself but I can't imagine I'll be back.Used to be a great place for nice wine and good music. The have totally changed, and not for the best and the new current music makes you not want to come back. 
However the staff is great.What's the problem with Bar Ferdinand? It's not the decor, it's not the service, it's not the location, it's not even the food.
The problem is that it's not sure if it wants to be a restaurant serving Spanish style tapas, or a nightclub. This evening a very loud mix of heavy metal, mixed with southern rock overshadowed all aspects of the experience. The music should be the background not the foreground. And if it is the background, keep it in theme of the restaurant. Some nice traditional Spanish flamenco would be apropos. Not music you would hear at a trailer park BBQ! I'm pretty certain that Bar Ferdinand will be going the way of Darlings Diner soon.Good place for tapas !!!
****FOOD
duck hearts (freaky but yummy - when something is freaky, it is yummy)
GAMBAS AL AJILLO CON FIDEOS aka shrimp  
CANELORES CON COSTILLAS DEL BUEY aka short rib (they are not long but they are yummy)
POLLO RELLENO aka chicken breats
CHULETAS DE CORDERO aka lamb chops
VIERAS SALTEADAS aka octopus
****Drinks
great selections of beer (do try the ALHAMBRA)
great sangria and clericot
****Decor
Very nice warm atmosphere with rich yellow mustard and deep romantic red wall color.
The bar is decked out with selections of wine (by bottle) and dry roses are hung around the top which gives a little bitter-sweet vibe to the place. 
It can get expensive even though the prices of their tapas is a-ok but the portion is quiet small.  
It won't fill your tummy and empty your wallet if you don't pay attention to what you order.I used to love Bar Ferdinand, but they've shrunk their menu to two measly pages and it's just meh now. I don't understand how a tapas restaurant has such a small, subpar selection. The sangria is still quite tasty and the new chef kept a lot of the same items, but then also deleted over half of them. I found this out after I chose the restaurant for a fun get together with four other friends and was embarrassed to see the tiny new menu. I thought we would all go and order a ton of food and try lots of dishes, but instead we got less food for what seemed like more money. Service was still pretty good, and the ambience is nice. I was also irked that I wasn't able to book on Open Table for a party of five but got a reservation immediately when I called (for a Sunday night booking) and the place was practically empty. Very odd.Orgasmic food. I've never had a less-than-awesome meal here. It's a bit of a splurge, but so worth it.
The decor deserves its own review. It is GORGEOUS. Mosaics, tile, tufted leather, lace. Mmm. I want my apartment to look like that!I LOVE this place!! I've never been disappointed and there are a plentiful variety of dishes to keep you coming back to try more. The atmosphere is very dim-lit and romantic, perfect place for a date or just to eat great food and drink wine with the girls. It gets a little pricey because of the size of the plates (they are tapas, after all) and how much you have to order just to fill up, but I definitely think it's worth it for the quality of the food. I will definitely be returning, again and again!I went to Bar Ferninand not so long ago after hearing so many rave reviews about it...i have to say they were not exaggerated... This was one of the most delicious meals I've had in a long time.  
But do realize tapas bars are not for everyone.  The portions are small, but its a tapas bar they're supposed to be!  
-Come here with the realization that  you're going to spend a lot of money.  
-Look up the definition of tapas, here I'll do it for you Tapas: a snack or appetizer, typically served with wine or beer.
-Drink the sangria, its really good! 
-Take your time eating, you're supposed to enjoy and taste carefully what you're eating. 
-Make a reservation if you're going there on a weekend!!
-Ask the servers what they recommend, they know what they're talking about.
-Order at least 3 tapas per person and share amongst yourselves.
Seriously, this place rules.For an early Father's Day gift, my wife booked a paella class on Sunday, June 12.  We were the only diners to show for the class and we were afraid they'd cancel it or, worse yet, it wouldn't be fun since the chef and servers outnumbered us at least 2 to 1.  However, Chef Matt and his team were great.  Matt, Leah, Jill and the others were so friendly and professional and eager for us to enjoy our class.  The Paella was wonderful and so were the ciders that Leah provided. Within days we used the paella "kit" Matt provided us and we did a credible job reproducing his paella.
 I would recommend this class to anyone interested in Spanish cuisine.  Also, try the Catalonian Vermouth and a Pimm's Cup!  Great job, guys, thanks!im in love with the bar decor with the hanging roses. it screams vintage love. came here for after dinner drinks. chilled vibe. tried one of their tapas. located in cool spot of NoLibs. looks like a good place for group dining.I do not give a lot of places 5 stars, but there are  several reasons why. Gave bar Ferdinand this rating.
1. Really great service
2. Nice cocktail and wine list ( monday is half off all bottles) 
3. Fried manchego & apple foam dish
4. Great ambiance
5. If you sit by the window( there are plenty) it is a nice place to people watch.
Kudos to the bar staff for actually caring about the product they serve. That is hard to find these days3.5 for last experience 4 years ago. Fun decor, decent but not great spanish tapas. Not so great location in Northern Liberties/Fishtown for most. Expected better value.It was my first visit to Northern Liberties, having lived here for just a few months now. Easy to find, and easy to access. On a Friday night, we met around 8:00pm, and it was at about half capacity. I went here with a couple of girl friends for a dinner, and we ordered a feast! 
A big fan of tapas and sharing food in general, I was happy to be with ladies who enjoyed to try nearly the whole menu. Our night consisted of:
Pork Empanada: Mojo Picon Sauce - probably the most flavorful. Crispy empanada shell on the outside, tender flavorful meat on the inside.
Baked Goat Cheese, Honey, Pine Nuts - melted cheese with a side of sweet. Delicious, but could be served with a bit more crustinis.
Gambas al Ajillo: Shrimp, Garlic and Olive Oil - Shrimp was delicious and the sauce was good to dip in.
Lamb Coca: Brandied Date Spread, Red Pepper Flake, Thyme - I was very excited about this dish, but when it came out, the ratio of meat to the other flavors wasn't optimal for me. I could have used a little less flatbread and meat, and a little more of the other flavors. Dates are so great on their own, but they were lost here.
Roasted House-Made Chorizo with Brandy - it's a flaming sausage on fire. A good sausage, but not life changing. 
A pitcher of red sangria - reasonably priced, but with little alcohol
A pitcher of white sangria - reasonably priced, but with little alcohol
This all amounted to fairly reasonable $60, and the company is what really made the difference. I would like to give it another go one day, but for the trek from Spring Garden, it could be a while.I have stopped by here a few times...but it is just that, a "stop by".  This is never the intended destination, which looking back seems a bit odd.  Their happy hour is solid.  Their sangria is so so...stick with the wine list.  They usually have decent beer on tap as well.i just read a review of this place that says "not a place for a picky eater" and that is spot on! i invited a few friends here the other night and we were mostly vegans and no gluten. We ended up studying the menu for most of the night!
I had to get mostly fish tapas. The food was a nice blend of flavors but they were $15 a pop for 2 scallops : /  My only other gripe was that I ordered the ensalada mixta expecting to get greens but it was a hunk of tuna with endive around it. My cat ate better than me that night.i absolutely adore this place!!!! The decor of dried roses everywhere, the low lighting, the essence! Not to mention- the food is out of this world! i love tapas and i went here with my boyfriend for our first date. I let him order because he is a chef and everything he ordered was done to perfection! :)  We came on a Monday night, where they have selected bottles of wine half price, so that was a definite way to reel us in!
The service was excellent as well as the food! We will definitely be back! (For our anniversary! :))Bar Ferdinand is a fancy place, and their brunch is no exception.  Bryana and I visited on a beautiful Sunday . We ate outside, and the server brought over a water dish for Crosby. Throughout the whole meal, we had great service. The wait staff was attentive at bringing out and picking up dishes, which is crucial because you get so many during the meal. The menu for brunch is small, but offers interesting options. It was a prix fixe menu; each of the three choices was $15. They also offered tasty iced and hot coffee.
The presentation of all of the dishes is great. They also brought out all of the food as it was prepared. It's a bit weird having a side of bacon with nothing else to eat, but I don't know many people who'd be bothered by that.
My meal included the following: thin toast with a sweet tomato paste. It was a great way to start our meal. I followed up with a side potatoes, which were delicious and the most perfectly cooked potatoes I've ever had. My main course was a baked egg; a egg was placed in a bowl with tomato, chorizo, onions and peppers and put in the oven.  Green beans were added, and major props for making them a breakfast food.  It was an awesome dish. I finished with homemade granola and  yogurt, lightly drizzled with fresh honey. I could have eaten a larger dish of this and been satisfied, it was that good.
Bryana and I shared a few things, and she got her own egg dish, which she also enjoyed. We both had enough food to eat, and were able to try a lot of different dishes that had a great variety of tastes.
Bottom Line: This is a great brunch spot. The outdoor seating, quick service, attractive presentation, and delicious dishes are all reasons to start your weekend at Bar Ferdinand.Dark and Charming. Grapefruit Mignonette with Oysters and Pink Champagne. LovelyHmmm... I'm going to break rank with the rest of my Yelp party from last week and give Bar Ferdinand four stars. I admit that most of the food was nothing spectacular, but it was all GOOD. The rosemary monkfish skewers were quite tasty, the fried manchego with frozen fruit whip (or whatever that was) was pretty good, and the meat and cheese platters were fine (though not necessarily outstanding). The paella was definitely the best among the dishes I tried, but I would have no problem ordering any of that stuff again (or some other things on the menu that caught my eye but didn't make the order). 
Cons: the sangria was weak and the service was pretty slow. Our waiter removed three pitchers from our table that still had a little sangria in them, and that made me want to cry. 
On the upside, they have plentiful outdoor seating, which is so key this time of year. And when we got our check and split it six ways (which, by the way, they also did with all our tapas), it was really pretty reasonable.Some complicated exclamation about why the weekend tasting menu did not include the roast duck but cost the same as the weekday menu. Oh well.i ordered 5-6 tapas, two deserts, sangera, and their only tawny port.
overall food was not what i expected from the great atmosphere when i walked in. it was okay.
waiters not rude, but snobby. 
men that work there are hawt.
food was nicely priced ($75 for two). 
hip little place, but a lot of yuppies go there too. 
overall go back and sit at the bar and eat empanadas (the dates). 
dont order the mussels (gross red wine sauce).The menu seems tasty, the food is not. Add to that the tiniest portions, and there's little value to be had here.Hello Ladies. 
Now look at Amada. Now back to Bar Ferdinand. Now look at Amada. Now back to Bar Ferdinand.  
Sadly Amada isn't Bar Ferdinand. 
But if Amada stopped serving over-hyped, poorly executed food at outrageous prices and switched to just about exactly the opposite of what they're doing now - it could smell... like Bar Ferdinand. 
Look down. Back up. 
Where are you? You are at Bar Ferdinand. 
And you're spending 1/2 as much for 2-3x the quality as what you'd get downtown at Amada. 
Check out the white wine Sangria - top notch. Also, the Filet skewers are excellent as well! (my girlfriend says I have to mention the Scallops too.) :-) 
Cheers. 
P.S. In case you didn't get it - this place is better than Amada. Way better.Loved it - great food, great drinks, great atmosphere.  Had octopus, lamb flatbread, shrimp, Brussel sprouts, chicken, potatoes, paella - everything was delicious.  Dessert was also delicious.  Waitress was efficient and sweet.  No complaints.First of all, the beer selection is amazing. And for those who aren't interested in the beer, their wine, sangria, and mixed drinks are really refreshing.  There is no canned Bacardi mix here.  The food is absolutely amazing... and what can be better than sampling a variety of fresh, innovative tapas over good beer?  This is the type of place that you leave and immediately start planning your next trip back.  If you don't want to spend that much, go during happy hour. We spent $60 for 4 plates of food, 3 beers, and 2 glasses of sangria.Move over Amada there's a new something big in small plates, and its called Bar Ferdinand.
Everything we ordered was delicious. They serve well crafted food with an adventuresome flair that engages all your tastes. I highly recommend the duck (if you like really well prepared duck).
Sometimes I like a place for what it's not. And this place is not crowed, loud and overly scenie, unlike some tapas restaurants in the city.Have been to this place multiple times now and never once been disappointed. It's a little more expensive than some other places in the area but worth it (at least in my opinion). 
I'm a big fan of pork belly and the way that do it here is outstanding. My roommate goes nuts for the baked goats cheese. But really there's nothing bad on the menu. 
Only once have I had cause for complaint here - I ordered churros for dessert and they came out way underdone (I'm talking liquid in the center). Sent them back. Twice. And subsequently lost interest. On the upside I wasn't asked to pay for them and was offered a drink on the house as compensation. Safe to say they handled it excellently. And I'll be back. Many times.To start, my sister and I are avid foodies of Philadelphia. She is a vegetarian, so for her 30th birthday I wanted to take her somewhere special. It was the start of a wonderful love affair. 
Just calling and making the reservation was awesome, as I got to have a great conversation with the chef. After letting it spill that it was my sister's birthday, he requested that we tell our waitress to come get him when we came in so he could, "shake her hand". 
We ordered a pitcher of red sangria, which was delicious and much better than other places in the city (Mixto, Alma de Cuba...). We then asked for veggie recommendations for my sister and found there were TONS of options, which is rare for her. We were able to pick out about six things to start out with, missing the best thing the restaurant has (more on that in a bit...). After telling the waitress about the chef I had spoken with, she went to the back to find him. 
He came out and had an awesome conversation with us for about ten minutes, making us feel so welcomed and appreciated. He disappeared for a bit, only to bring out the most delicious thing I have ever eaten...the Manchego cheese Heaven Jesus Bites (note-this may not be the exact name...but this is what it should be). A complete dream of a tapas, the fried cheese contrasts perfectly with the frozen foam. Top Chef? What? 
He then sent out another treat for us, this one on the sweeter side. By the time we left, we felt we needed to unbutton our pants to feel more comfortable. It was an amazing experience for dinner. 
Also, as this bar can literally do no wrong...we dined for brunch a couple weeks ago. They have what I like to call Brapas (Breakfast Tapas), the single greatest thing to ever happen to mankind. If you can never decided between sweet and savory, or just enjoy trying everything, this brunch is for you. The Bloody Marys were out of control delicious. Every item we ordered was tastier than the last. The soaked french toast was AWESOME. 
To close, this is one of the greatest places in the city. Every meal has been amazing, service beyond great, and the ambiance is beautiful. Plus, after you get done, you have the Piazza to shop around in.Great tapas, above and beyond service. 
We arrived 45 minutes early for our reservation on a super crowded first Friday when there was a flamenco performance (highly recommended). We expected to wait at the bar, but they found a table for us somehow. We were seated by a door so there were occasional blasts of cold air--not a big deal--but they checked in with us on our comfort and turned up the heat. The specials were to die for, especially short ribs on a bed of lima beans with a sauce I wanted to eat by the bowlful.
And how can you pass up Ferdinand the flower-sniffing bull?Even though it was barely 65 degrees, we got a table outside. I noticed that No Libs residents sure love bull dogs, huh? 
Brunch special: $15 for a combo consisting of 4 pre-selected tapas. 
I got Combo #3 which consists of:
- 2 egg benedicts with a thin slice of chorizo, 1 leaf of spinach, slice of baguette toast and hollandaise
- fried potatoes with tomato sauce and mayonnaise (tastes a lot better than it sounds)
- house made granola with dried fruits, nuts and yogurt. (I felt guilty for my gluttonous lifestyle)
- thin piece of "toast" doused in butter and tomato/garlic olive oil. (I would not call this a "tapa")
I also ended up devouring another friend's chorizo with red wine sauce. I couldn't help it; I'm a sucker for chorizo. I topped off my hangover / wastey face brunch with a mimosa. The mimosa seemed like it had some Tang mix in it but it was tasty and consumed with no complaints. Orange juice is a breakfast item, no matter what's in it. This was more than enough food to fill me up and there was no wait for a table. Totally worth a brunch trip to No Libs.i dig it. 3 of us went and tried many dishes. we liked all of them and the presentation was nice. our server was on top of everything, even tho is was packed. i like the atmosphere. i would def go again.Rarely have I paid as much for such small portions done so poorly.   Even the drinks were a disappointment. 
I've had dinner at Bar Ferdinand before, though the last time was more than 3 years ago.  So, tonight, to celebrate a friend's birthday, the three of us went, as birthday girl had a desire for tapas and we couldn't get reservations at Amada (original first choice and highly recommended).
We ordered a pitcher of the White Sangria, which was described as having ".. berries, melon, and citrus..".   It was bland, not fruity, and when we pointed out to our waiter the lack of any berries - there were bits of melon, though - he said there were strawberries in the big batch. He then said that he would scoop/catch some for our pitcher.... which he never did.  (I should have penalized, but still left a $14 tip on a $72 pre tax bill.)  When we left, we gave the still half-full pitcher to the people at the next table.  I felt badly afterwards since they seemed like nice people.
We ordered six dishes of tapas (left side of menu).   I can't remember the exact names, but you'll recognize from ingredients in my description.  
# 1 - The  one with manchego cheese came as three toothpick-skewered cubes of fried cheese, each the size of a thumbnail that looked very lonely on the white dish.  Very lonely.  Outrageous, priced at $7.00.   The taste was not memorable, one way or the other.  
# 2 The tortilla espanola.  This is a standard tapa and a yardstick by which to measure any tapas restaurant.  It was one of my picks my anticipation was met with disappointment.  Unlike the one at Amada, which is fluffy, warm, golden brown from the eggs, this one tasted like cold potato salad.  (I like potato salad...but it's NOT what was ordered.)
#3.  The almond-crusted eggplant came as three pencil-long lengths of something last seen in a Museum and described as the mummified private parts of an Egyptian Pharaoh.  In taste, it was all almonds, the eggplant inside almost invisible and overwhelmed.  And very dry.
#4 The date and bacon empanadas.  Two triangular mini-turnover sized puffed pastries.  (Everything else was in threes, so why two for this one?)  it was one of the better tasting ones.  One of us didn't detect any dates, just the bits of ham.)
#5 the jamon croquetas were three deep-fried golf-ball sized pieces.  They were reasonably tasty, though not more than one should expect, i.e. they stand out only relative to the rest and not because one would go there to have them.
#6.  Gambas al ajillo (shrimp sautéed with garlic).  Aother staple of tapas menus.  The best of the six dishes.  There were six shrimp of reasonable size and they  were not overcooked, though they newer under seasoned. The sauce of olive oil, garlic, and peppers should have been richer and more flavorful for the bread (three slices of mini-baguette) to dip into, but it was not.   (Pleeeeease go to Amada and have their version!) 
We left hungry, disappointed, and poorer.  A memorable birthday!I visited Bar Ferdinand on a busy Friday night.  There was no wait for a table amidst an energetic female Middle Eastern performer, people standing and clapping to the ethnic music, and waiters rushing to serve all of their tables.  Even more conveniently, there also was a minimal wait to be served.  
The extensive wine menu exceeds expectations with a list of over forty bottles to drink from.  The food was exceptional and authentic, with appetizers and entrees sure to be originated from Spain.  Specifically, the mancheeta cheese and fried apple, drizzled with apple foam appetizer is a great balance of cheese and fruit.  The pork belly entree is as moist and flavorful as it comes.  
Although the restaurant is lively on weekend nights, it is just the opposite during the week nights.  With dim lighting and remarkable Spanish artwork covering all walls, this business is sure to be appropriate for "date nights."  
However, the prices are somewhat expensive, and the portions of food are small.  This may not be the place to go to indulge oneself.Being harassed at the bar to move our food and drinks over one seat by some Natzi server wanting to pour  $16 plus wine was a complete game changer.  We have been coming here since they first opened but the this last experience will take this out of revolving favs for quite some time.The food is good but it can be a lot better. I was satisfied with my meal there and I would probably return.
I went here for lunch on 31-May-09. The servers were relaxed yet professional. We had the huevos verde y jamon, salmon croquettes, monte cristo, bacon empanads, and queso de cabra cocinado. Everything was good but I feel it could have been a lot better. I felt the dishes were quite minimal but well executed. The sangria was a bit disappointing though.
The decor is beautiful and the location is bustling, energetic and clean. Prices were reasonable. I would probably reccommend this place and return here for dinner some day.Every week I pick up the City Paper. On the back of it there are ads for this place depicting people enjoying a night out. Now if the kind of people that go to this place are gross-looking Picasso-esque cartoons drinking bottles of wine and scarfing tapas, I'd rather stay clear of that "Fear and Loathing In Northern Liberties" nightmare.
Apparently this review must had been passed along to the owners. I picked up this weeks City Paper and noticed the art style has changed dramatically. It now has more realistic caricatures of people enjoying a night out scarfing tapas and drinking wine. I was only kidding with this review period. Maybe it's only coincidence and it's all in my head. But I found it quite amusing either way. People! Don't take Yelp so seriously... but it's good to know some people are listening to the public mouth.I had the best dinner of the year so far here and I can't wait to go back. As I think of the food now my mouth is watering this is truly what dining is all about. This Spanish tapas restaurant delivers on presentation, taste and an inviting atmosphere. The only dish I didn't quite care for was the charred watermelon which really wasn't charred with some ham and targon i believe. It was not bad just not thrilling. I can't possibly remember all the ingredients of the dishes we explored but the mussels with the baked noodles, lamb, a special of the night summer cucumber soup with watermelon and other wonderful summer compliments really made the meal. Don't forget to get dessert and try out their extensive wine list. Food comes out as it's ready and be ready to share. We ordered Sangria which was a nice summer treat. Bonus: they offer outdoor seating which was packed on the nice night we were there but eating inside was just as inviting and we were seated right away.$8 for two (2) duck sliders.  I've no beef with tapas if you give me a "tapas" portion (I don't really care for beef tapas, but that's another story for another day). But when you skimp on tapas, which is really just an excuse to charge like $5 less for half of a portion, we're gonna have problems.  I'm torn between giving this place two and three stars.  Ask me why.  Ok, ok, here's why. The sliders were yummy (both of them), however, I highly doubt I'll ever return to Bar Ferdinand simply because I feel like I've been insulted.  We all know that tapas portions are small, but there should have been one more slider on my plate.  So yeah, that's my two (2) cents...all puns intended.I hate that at this very moment that I feel like the servers flipped  a coin to decide who was going to serve myself and my 2 friends.  The food was good but I'm  uncertain  about the service.  The customer  service feels forced.  2.6.15... 8:53pm.   Not a great experience for my first time :(Spent a few hours at Bar Ferdinand on Saturday night - 6 of us for a small birthday celebration. It was a good spot for this type of celebration. The service was pretty good - once they got going (it was very busy). Small plates very tasty and entertaining. Among the 6 of us we were able to sample many plates. Especially good for me was the watermelon gazpacho - perfect for a summer night. 
I liked this restaurant better than it's sister - Amada because it was a bit more relaxed and genuine - a bit cheaper too. Love Northern Liberties - lots of great updates since I was there last 4 years ago. Bar Ferd - definitely worth checking out. 
6 of us spend 390 bucks total with about 4 plates each, desert, and multiple drinks.The food was pretty great. We had the filet with pistachio pesto (among many other things) but that is what stuck out to me most. Delicious. Service wasn't fantastic but the food was pretty great.Came here with 10 girls for a bachelorette party and really liked it. They were very accommodating when I called for the reservation and the food was fantastic. We especially enjoyed the paella, date and bacon empanada, branzino and sangria. We ordered a bunch of dishes to share and I was afraid we had spent too much money, but it came out to be around 50$ per person, which I think is pretty reasonable for the amount of food we ordered. Recommend for large groups.This place stinks.  The food is mediocre at best.  The service poor.  Was just there last night and regretted it before the meal was done.  Was there a year ago and thought I'd try again.  Mistake.  It's just not good.I visited here this past weekend for brunch with a friend and my 6 month old daughter. The staff couldn't have been nicer to my baby and didn't make me feel like I was bringing the plague into their restaurant which was a great first impression. We sat outside since the weather was perfect! The location was excellent. Lots of shade and plenty of people watching opportunities (aka distractions for the baby!) even though 2nd is a busy street, sitting on the side provided a great barrier from the noise of traffic. Would come here again just to sit outside! On to the food...the menu is not huge, but there is a great selection of salads, tapas and huevos to choose from on their brunch menu. The spinach, mushroom and manchego sandwich was my fav. Although, in full disclosure, manchego is my favorite cheese and I would order dirt as long as it came with manchego! I also had the tortilla which was just ok. The potatoes my friend ordered looked crispy and delicious. Would have ordered some drinks had I been with my husband instead of the kid. We'll have to come here again to enjoy a few cocktails.This place has a great atmosphere for a date or a group dinner. Also, their happy hour is decent with $5 wines, buck-a-shuck and usually a few other small dishes. I completed mine with a couple tostas. Get the almonds, they rock!Highly dissapointed. To Start the Littlenecks clams were sandy and the ones that had not opened up were left in our bowl. The Skirt Steak was properly cooked but the egg was overcooked... The braised calamari was tough and rubbery...  Crab crouqettes, were sp mushy and cold in the middle. White sangria was watery.. the fruit was not properly cut, the tops of the strawberries were floating in my glass. We quit after that. Walked out hungry and paid over $100.00My husband and I just got back from eating at Bar Ferdinand. While the food was very tasty, the experience was not. One word can describe our experience: HORRIBLE. 
We had dinner reservations for 7pm on a tuesday night. It was our date night. We were seated promptly, but the hostess sat us down without even a "Enjoy your dinner." I noticed later on in the night that she was asking everyone else if she could take their coats. My husband and I were not dressed shabby. Like I said, it was our date night. So I was confused as to why she was treated us like that.
Our server was named Matt. He took our orders very quickly. Our "tapas" were brought out within minutes, then our entrees were brought out shortly after. I felt as though we were being rushed to eat our dinner. I also noticed that he didn't tell us the specials for the evening. I noticed he told specials for the evening to every couple that walked in. 
We ate our meals, ordered some dessert. After we got our check, my husband asked, "Were there any specials for the evening?" He replied with a, "What do you mean?" He then said, "We have some brussell sprouts" COME ON!!!!
Since my whole review was negative, I'll give a couple of positives.
The duck breast and the NY strip steak were very good. The fried egg and the arugula paired very  nicely with the strip steak. Seasoning was very tasty.
Bottom line, I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO BAR FERDINAND.Went here for dinner with my boyfriend on Saturday night and were very pleased! 4 starts goes purely to service and ambiance. I know we were there on a Saturday night at 8, so I expect the restaurant to be crowded, but the acoustics in the room were terrible (so much so that my boyfriend and I could barely hear each other talk as we shouted). It did not help matters that our server was very soft spoken and we had to ask her to repeat everything at least twice. The service was also a bit slow and ill-timed, though I assume this is because the kitchen was backed up. We had ordered a variety of tapas plates, yet we sat without food for approximately 30 minutes, and then four of our tapas showed up within a two minute window. The sporadic service continued throughout the meal with our waitress disappearing frequently. Not that we minded terribly though, as we were enjoying our night out. 
The food was terrific! We ordered the bacon and date empanada, the manchego frito, and the croquettes as our starter plates. All were delicious! The manchego frito may be been my favorite; the apple puree on top of the fried cheese was mouth watering. I only wish the plate provided more than 3 skewers! My boyfriend was a huge fan of the croquettes and raved about their stuffing. For the larger plates, we split the frito misto (that day included shrimp, clams, calamari) as well as the octopus. The octopus was definitely the most visually pleasing plate of the dinner, but both were quite tasty. We will definitely be returning, but next time I would suggest sitting outside if you want to be able to have a conversation. All in all, we had a few cocktails with higher end alcohol (Hendrick's and Ketel One) and 6 plates and our total bill came to under $100.The deliciousness!  I love tapas in general, but for a vegetarian it's sometimes hard to get enough to eat. Not here. At a couple other tapas places, my boy and I basically had to get one of each vegetarian item on the menu in order to fill up. Here, well, there are still at least 3 or 4 dishes I'd like to try, and we ate a LOT.  The almond dessert and the chocolate truffle dessert were highlights.  We took the very friendly, knowledgable server's advice on that one, as well as on our wine pick, and one of our entrees, and she was right every time.    The only missing star is because of the prices.  I know, I know, it's amazing and all, fresh ingredients, fancy decor, bla bla, but in one case we were charged an extra 2 bucks for one tiny fried cheese cube.  Really? 2 whole dollars?  My only complaint really, but it bothered me enough to give 4 instead of 5 stars.  Oh, and we were there at 8:30 on a Friday and got a table right away.Bar Ferdinand didn't blow me away food wise. We ordered a pitcher of the White Sangria, at which point upon tasting it I debated whether or not I was drinking flat Sprite. 
The Pork Empanadas were very greasy, lacking that crisp/flaky factor that I was craving. I did enjoy the Brussel Sprouts as they were very crispy and flavorful. However, my friend thought some of them were a little too well done (burnt). Chickpea frites were good but nothing to write home about. 
I'm giving them 3.5 stars for ambiance and service. Definitely a romantic, cool date spot and our waitress was on point and very accommodating.fun atmosphere... but hit or miss vegan / vegetarian fare. One time they had vegan french-onion soup as the special... but sometimes I end up eating a plate of olives and almonds when I go here with friends. good luck.I loved Bar Ferdinand.  The ambience is romantic and comfortable.  There are beautiful mosaics of bulls on the walls and bouquets of dried flowers over the bar.  The service was prompt and attentive.  The food was delicious.  I highly recommend the Dates Con Tocino - Dates, bacon, cream cheese, honey, almonds - it was a warm, creamy, smoky, and sweet goodness!  We ordered 6 tapas (for two) and it was more than enough food!  We were stuffed!!!  The pork belly was delicious as well as the croquettes.  We had a wonderful time and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone interested in Tapas.  It is also situated in a very cute and trendy part of Philly - the Northern Liberties!  I loved it.Two words: manchego frito. If you haven't been to Bar Ferdinand, run -  don't walk - to the joint and order yourself a small plate of the most delicious pairing of hot and cold; salty and sweet; crunchy and smooth you'll ever have the pleasure of tasting.  While nothing else on the menu can quite match the heaven on a skewer that is manchego frito, most of the other tapas are pretty delish. I haven't had the sangria that seems to be a thorn in the side of some of the other reviewers, but the last cafe con leche I had came close to some of the cappuccinos I've had in Italy, and the wine list is quite generous.$3 Mimosas for brunch..... I repeat $3 Mimosas for brunch.... I'll let that sink in and assume that's all you really need to know to come and try out Bar Ferdinand.... 
Ok well if that wasn't enough to convince you that this is one of the best brunch spots in the city I will tell you that the food is awesome. For example I had the Chorizo Eggs benedict which was a perfect blend of spicy mixed with creamy egg yolk and hollandaise. 
Besides the brunch which is the selling point for me and keeps me coming. The dinner is amazing as well. Tapas here are perfectly priced and sized to make it a very reasonable and delicious meal.Been here a couple time. The food is pretty good and the atomsphere is nice. We had a group is 20 and they were able to accommodate us. Service is not the best.. So please make sure to order all the dishes at oncePerhaps I wasn't properly dressed, and to be honest I had been drinking already, but I don't think that I did anything to warrent the attitude that I recieved from the server.  my small group was at the bar, and had a hard time getting a hold of the bartender/server.  
The drinks we ordered weren't my favorite.  If I go back, I'd try the sangria. 
The food was good, but certainly not worth the price paid for it.  The best thing that we ordered was the flatbread with egg with was rustic and flavorful.  The kind of dish that makes you want to try cooking it yourself.  I wish I had a wood burning oven.This place can be good and can be awful.  It's so hit or miss. The food is different depending on the chef which shouldn't be.  The same thing goes for service depending who you get.  I had my third bad service last night and will not be returning.  First time at an empty bar we were ignored for the longest. Second time water came spraying out from the tap all over and last and final was last night where we again were ignored. Not even being asked how the food was after being served. Didn't get asked if we wanted another drink instead got asked if we wanted the check.  Not to mention my stomach is killing me from the mussels last night which I had to spit out when I got  a fishy one.  I really wish this place was great since it has such potential to be but it's just plain old bad !Bar Ferdinand is a great place to grab some drinks and have some snacks.  It's got a cool atmosphere and is right in the middle of all that NoLibs has to offer, but the food itself is just OK.  There are far better Tapas joints in Philly, and far better restaurants within a stone's throw.
Not bad, but not great either.  In a city full of exceptional food, Bar Ferdinand is average.I was skeptical that anyplace could rival Amada - but after eating here last weekend I have changed my tune. The tapas are delicious (I particularly enjoyed the dates, bacon and cream cheese empanadas and the manchego frito) and the service was impeccable. And I discovered my new favorite drink in the world (Moscatel Espumoso), which I'm now obsessed with. Bar Ferdinand is perfect for a date night or a evening out with your peeps...make sure to check it out ASAP!The food here is absolutely incredible. It is one of those places where you walk in, look at the plates at the next table over and you just have to ask what they ordered because you want some for yourself. Then you look two tables down on the other side and you absolutely have to have what they ordered. And the best thing about this place is that the tapas are actually PRICED like a third of a meal (6-9) so you won't feel guilty ordering three plates. In my case it was three plates plus dessert. I couldn't help myself. 
I had 
1.) Asparagus cream soup
2.)Jamon croquetas 
3.) Moroccan lamb (SO DELICIOUS)
4.) Crema Catalana and coffee
5.) Plenty of Spanish beer
Chase had a delicious crab salad, a juicy and perfect short rib and 
A PERFECT BOWL OF MUSSELS!!!!!!
We are hard Mussels critics. These, which were served in a rich red chipoltle tomato sauce with chorizo, were the best we've had in Philly. They were, in fact, the best mussels that he has had since is trip many years ago to St. Barths. 
Our bill was under $100. BRAVO, Bar Ferdinand, NEVER CHANGE!
Did I mention the impeccable and attentive service?
I expect we will be frequenting this joint.my girl michelle has been raving about this place for ages, so i finally made my boyfriend take me there, and i'm so glad i did!
i'm a sangria junkie so we promptly ordered the red which sounded delicious. after knocking it back a little too quickly (it was amazing) we opted for a pitcher (our waitress was nice enough not to charge us for our first glass. love it!) 
we heard tons about the manchego apple foam whatever, and i gotta say... it was alright, but i didn't see what all the fuss was about. the foam felt weird in my mouth (i'm big into textures) so i was a little scared of it. please, no jokes.
other than that, we ordered pretty much everything on the menu and loved it all. LOVED. this place is a bit out of the way for us, otherwise i'm sure i'd be a regular. cute spot for a date since its cozy and a little dark and not too loud. the atmosphere is defintely very cute. there's also tons of seating outside when it's nice. can't wait to return!3 Stars? 4 Stars? It doesn't deserve either, so I'll round up. 
My boyfriend and I wanted to try El Camino Real on a Friday night. Sadly, it had a one hour wait, so we crossed the sidewalk to check out Bar Ferdinand.  We figured, "Hey! It's right across the sidewalk! It doesn't appear to have a wait! It's the same owners! Why not!"  
Though there were a few open tables when we walked in, we had a slight wait.  Just enough time for us to sit at the bar and order a beer. One slight annoyance was when our host came to seat us, she asked us to settle our tab first. It was one beer that could easily have been transferred to our bill.  If that's policy, that's one thing, but our server then asked us about whether or not we paid for that beer.  Small thing, I know. 
The food menu is decidedly small.  Now, I like tapas and I appreciate the amount of work that can go into each dish, so I understand why the menu might be so short. However, there was nothing on the menu that we really wanted to order. So, we made the quick decision to order three dishes then hop down the road for some goat tacos at Dos Segundos. 
The dishes came out speedily, with an adequate amount of time to eat each dish before the next one came out. But they were not very good at clearing the plates.
The atmosphere was very nice, even if it got a little bit loud on a Friday night.  It was a place that I wanted to like.  Unfortunately, the menu was disappointing and the food wasn't good enough to carry so few options.I happened to stumble upon this place while walking around Liberties Walk one day and decided to give it a try. 
The ambiance is beautiful, sort of an intimate and comfortable spot for a close gathering of friends or a date night. The place is rather small but inviting. There is seating both inside and outside during the summer.
Being both a vegetarian and less adventurous with my food than most, I was weary when I opened the menu. The waitress was more than helpful with suggesting a few selections that might fit. She suggested the patatas bravas which was like a home fry with a red spicy sauce and a milder white sauce - very delicious! The cheese platter of various types of cheese was also delicious. The best plate of the night was the goat cheese with honey and nuts. While I had never tried anything like this before, I went with the waitress's suggestion and was pleasantly surprised. The taste is unbelievable and surprisingly, I was very full despite the small portions. 
All around, an excellent place that I plan to visit over & over again!I was really torn on how to rate Bar Ferdinand.  I came during a Radio 104.5 Summer Block Party (at The Piazza at Schmidt's which is across the street), so you know the place was packed.  Yet, service was still prompt and friendly.  Likewise, the quality of the food is absolutely top notch.  I enjoyed every bite and didn't want to leave anything on the plate. Therein lies the problem, the portions are extremely small.  Yes, I know what Tapas are and how they are to be served.  Factor in the price, and the portion-price ratio is well out of hand.
Did I enjoy my meal? Yes.  Do I recommend checking Bar Ferdinand out? Yes.  Do I recommend it go to the top of your must dine list? No.  Worth the experience but not worth going out of your way for...More tapas please!  I have been a huge fan of tapas since traveling in Spain four years ago and while Philly has several great tapas joints (cough cough Garces) I find myself continually back at Bar Ferdinand.  Why you ask?  From the extensive, diverse food menu to the delicious adult beverages and down to the unreal mosaics that grace this NoLibs gem it is a hit.  I am a particular fan of the cangrejo (crabmeat, egg, paprika and caper aioli, datiles con tocino (dates stuffed w/bacon, cream cheese, honey and almonds) and the pixan con panceta (monkfish w/pork bellly...'nuff said).  Also, for someone sans sweet tooth, they serve one of the greatest desserts of all time.  The torrija de manzana is a cider-soaked slice of heaven.  This dish consists of fried cider soaked bread, cinnamon ice cream and candied orange zest which equals awesomeness.  Finally, while the food, drink and vibe are amazing it is much more kind to your wallet than many of the other tapas joints in the city.  All in all this place is one of the gems in Philly's expansive food scene.  I come back to eat their amazing grub time and time again and encourage you all to do the same!Apps and Flank steak were on the menu here. I quite enjoyed my lunch meal. Waitstaff were great and very sociable. Atmosphere a "Fishtown" aka now Northern Liberties hipster hot spot was a pretty chill vibe amidst the trendy street fair going on outside...(Cowtown for city people and students spending their loan money.)
The cheese plate was refreshing and my medium rare steak was killer. The price was a little much for two without liquor and even after all of these years I don't get all the hype. It was good, ok but nothing above and beyond my wildest tastebud's fantasies. I will give a decent rating and attend again upon request.Ambiance: Bar Ferdinand is one of the cutest restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia.  The outdoor seating was nice although Philadelphia can get quite humid and hot in the summer. The  outdoor area is bustling with locals, kids, and dogs. Be sure to make reservations because indoor seating can get completely filled on the weekends. Very nice lighting with strings of small lights above connecting the two buildings.
Drinks: The Sangria was great. Make sure you go between 5-7pm to get 1/2 off sangria and other happy hour deals on Mondays - Fridays. We got there at 7:30 on a Friday night and missed out on the great deal. The pitcher will give you about 5 small glasses.
Tapas: Between the two of us we ordered 6 tapas and were very full. 
Codorinz Crujiente Con Miel - Crispy quail, arugula & spinach, Cabrales cheese, honey vinaigrette 
-DELICIOUS but could do without the quail! The honey vinaigrette was awesome. it combined well with the cheese. The quail was salty. I'm not sure if it was supposed to be to create a more intense flavor in contrast to the sweetness of the dressing. I am not a fan of having to pick out the small bones of the quail.
Filete A La Parilla - Grilled marinated filet mignon, pistachio pesto
-The meat was very tender and soft. The sauce was VERY good. Try to get as much sauce on each bite!
Cerdo Frito - Slowly fried pork, Mahon cheese, mustard, roasted peppers & onions
-One of my favorite tapas of the night. The pork was really tender, almost a cheesesteak meat consistency, with just the right amount of crispiness. This created a great foundation for the mustard with tiny mustard seeds, roasted red peppers, cheese and onions.
Fried Calamari 
-nothing special. It's difficult to judge calamari since it's so common and some restaurants have a perfected recipe for it. Not mind-blowing or anything here.
Chorizo Del Pulpo - Seared octopus 'medallions', roasted potato, charred radicchio, chorizo, Guindilla peppers, smoked paprika vinaigrette 
-My least favorite dish of the night. I am accustomed to chewy, meaty, and tender octopus. The octopus "medallion" was tender (like a well done lima bean) on some parts of the medallion and mushy on others (like the consistency of roasted garlic). The smoked paprika COMPLETELY overpowered the flavor. I disliked it so much after one bite I sent it back and had it taken off my bill. In my opinion, one of the delights of octopus is the texture itself which was lacking in this dish.
Montadillo De Costilla - Braised beef short rib, English peas, rice, pea shoot salad 
-When had this dish, it was served on mashed potatoes which were EXTREMELY salty. However, the meat itself was perfectly cooked. The meat just melts in your mouth. I believe the sauce had some pomegranate in it which was surprisingly delicious coming to a harmonious balance with the savory seasoning on the meat itself. Just don't eat the mashed potatoes.
Service: Very friendly and nice, but extremely slow and perhaps understaffed. I witnessed a table getting up and leaving because they still didn't get their drinks after 20 minutes. If you go to Bar Ferdinand during peak hours, make sure you have a lot of  time to wait for food, drinks, and your waiter/waitress. Don't forget to bring your patience.This is my 4th or 5th time going to Bar Ferdinand and it was just as awesome as always. I was there with a bunch of friends from The Restaurant School (TRS) for our friend Ann's visit back to Philly. This is one of her favorite places too. We also got our favorite waitress! I wish I knew her name cause I would give her mad props. I think every time I've had her, its been in a large group, and she handles us so well.
On to the food! Everyone was sharing their dishes at the table, but I remember the one's April and I had the best. I got the carrot and ginger soup that was on special and it was wonderful. Very delicate flavor, silky and just delicious. I saw that they had a new sandwich, Pato Ahumado, that was a duck slider. It was the tastiest of all the sandwiches and I've tried them all. We both got the Datiles con Tocino which are dates, bacon, and cream cheese in a puff pastry. These are April's favorites.  April also had their Salmon special for the night, which was house cured and presented on a Himalayan salt block. The salmon was stuffed with some sort of micro greens. It was good but some bites were a little too salty for me. She also got the Pork Belly and Monkfish Skewers, Pixin con Panceta. This is another dish I have had before and like. The pork belly they use is like 80% fat and just melts in your mouth while going so well with the monkfish. Our whole table ordered the Paella, which was not as good as I remember from my first visit there. It was good, but I just remember it being so much better. I guess the first time I had it was also the first time I had Paella too. Finally for dessert we finally tried their Churros con Chocolate, which we have been wanting to try every time we go but wind up going with something else. I guess our instincts were right, cause they were just ok. The chocolate dipping sauce was excellent, very rich and thick, but the churros just didn't do it for me. I guess I just prefer the Mexican style more.this is the best tapas in the city! you can't compare they quality and reasonable prices to other tapas places because they will usually rip you off! my suggestion, get all tge chefs tapas specials or do the chef tasting menu!my parents were visiting philadelphia and it was my moms birthday! we wanted to treat her to a good meal, and reading reviews this seemed like a new cool place to go. she loves restaurants that have the trendy atmospheres and of course good food!
i kinda wish i had gone to this place after going away to spain so i wouldve known more about the food. but i wouldve probably been surprised at how expensive the tapas were as compared to there. but this was my first intro to spanish food!
my parents got delayed on their way to philly, and we ended up being two hours late for our 9 pm reservations. however, even though it was 11 by the time we got there, they were more than welcoming and willing to serve a great meal.
being a tapas restaurant, the plates and servings are not that large and meant to be shared.  it has been some time since we were there, so i dont remember everything we ordered but we liked it all alot!
we ordered the tortilla, patatas bravas, manchego frito, and a couple of other tapas. It was all great!
the service we received was greeat and i loved the atmosphere. I''d never been to the northern liberties side of philly before this, and the restaurant seemed to be next to and surrounded by a couple of other similar, restaurants with a young (20s-30s) crowd. the bar seemed to be pretty busy and it seemed like itd be a fun place to go for happy hour with friends or even dinner again!
i would like to come back and visit if in the mood for some spanish food!I sometimes wake up craving food from Bar Ferdinand!  I know, its crazy.
Everytime we go we are greeted with a smile and there is a particular female server that is starting to recognize us!
The bar is very cool with 100s of hanging dried roses and a large selection of wine.
There are some MUST TRYs when you go:
1. The Manchego cheese cubes with apple meringue is TO DIE FOR.  This is what I wake up craving.  It is a little bit of heaven in your mouth.  Go try it now!
2. The brussel sprouts are excellent.  We are not a brussel sprout household....until now!  They are roasted or something in oil and pepper and salt and almost crispy on the edges when they are done.  This description isn't doing it justice - go try it yourself.
3. The sardines - another one I would never try by myself, but I was out with a chef friend and he said it was excellent so we tried it.  They are wrapped in something that makes you forget you are eating a sardine - and no fishy-ness about it.
4. Cheese plate - always a winner paired with great flavored accompaniments.
5. Everything else I can't remember right now!
In conclusion get over to 2nd and try this restaurant - I promise you will come back and tell me how good it was!I came here with my girlfriend and enjoyed everythnig we got. 
Mini-sandwiches, little potato guys, unneccessarily fancy beer glasses, bathrooms at the end of a maze, outdoor seating at what looks like a strip-mall and decent service.  
I'll definitely return, but apparently not on a Friday due to other reviews of the service.I was totally excited to check out Bar Ferdinand - heard a lot of good things about this place. 
First, the decor/atmosphere is lovely and very inviting.  My husband and I were celebrating and it felt like a good place for that.  There was both a laid-back and elegance to it at the same time.
The food was kind of hit or miss though.....
Our starters were absolutely delicious.  
We had the Shaved Winter Salad with Manchego and Almonds - it was the stand out of the night.  Perfectly dressed, good size and surprising flavors (pumpkin!)  The Shrimp in garlic sauce was also very good and came out sizzling hot. 
Our 'larger' tapas were disappointing -(Bass and Duck)
The fish was cooked well but drenched in a strangely gloppy sauce that tasted bitter and almost like charcoal.   By far the most unappetizing was the duck - the fat cap was not rendered into that luscious delicious goodness - but instead sat on top like a plastic cap on a pen that you chew on. 
Lastly, we had the Mushroom Flatbread.  With this item, I was torn - the mushrooms mixed with goat cheese on top were fantastic, and the flatbread itself was somehow both chewy and a bit crisp.  But, it seemed to be sitting in a pool of butter.   This tasted great on the first bite, but got overwhelmingly rich as you went on.  Maybe this is the traditional thing with tapas flatbread?  I don't know but I think I would have enjoyed it much more without it.  
I do want to say I thought the service was excellent - Our plates/silverware were changed 3 times, and our water glasses were never more than half empty. Our server was both helpful and  non-intrusive.  Also, the pacing of the courses was spot on - which is so often a downfall at a tapas restaurant. 
Overall - I would go back.  There were some other items I would like to try - namely the Pork for two that I saw whisked by our table a few times.  
One thing I'd like to see on the menu - LAMB! Maybe in the Spring.....This place is Spanish in all ways--the tapas are excellent, the decor (created by the owner and a number of his artists friends) is low-key, yet smashing. Also Spanish--the food comes out when it is ready, sometimes in trickles, sometimes in a bunch, but always prepared just in time.   You'd be nuts to complain about such a thing in Barcelona or Madrid, so plan to spend a while drinking, eating, talking, maybe eavesdropping or even joining a conversation at the next table.  It is that kind of place. Great to bring visitors to Philadelphia. If you want all your food to come out like clockwork followed by a check tossed onto the table, no, Bar F. is not for you. If you think a good meal is 50% conversation, sharing, etc. then go -- you will dig it.Hands down my current favorite date spot in Philly.  The combination of amazing food and service is unparalleled. I own a bar locally, and my partner and I go out to eat all the time.  Bar Ferdinand always ends up being our go-to spot.I was really looking forward to trying Bar Ferdinand due to my love for Spanish cuisine and because I had heard and read positive things about this place. I could not have been more disappointed, especially because I brought out-of-town friends here to showcase Philly's eateries for dinner. I would give this place a single star but our service was decent.
The food on the whole was very average and bland. I'm no culinary expert but from my little experience in Spain and other tapas restaurants here, I expect my tapas to have that 'pop' of flavor and texture, of which both were lacking much.  A brief critique of a few of the items:
 -the tuna in the garbanzos marinados looked and tasted like it had came straight out of the can with little to no taste of the anchovy.
 -the Spanish omelette arrived cold and hard
- our empanadas were very salty
- our cocktails tasted diluted
- the baked cheese and patatas bravas we ordered were  a few of the decent items.
I don't get all the rave reviews about this place and nor did my friends. In a city riddled with so many amazing tapas joints, I'm  certainly not making the trip up to No Libs again for tapas!Love this place! Happy hour is my favorite, but that's what it's all about - shared plates of goodness, lots of fun cocktails, a good vibe and a really nice waitstaff!This is the third time I've been here and the same female bartender  is once again extremely rude. While ordering our food she seemed bothered by us being uncertain of what we wanted. It took us 15 mins to get food on my first visit here. This time she ignored us and didn't even come back to ask us how our food was. I'm so disappointed  I'm not sure if she had a bad couple of months, but don't take it out on "certain" customers. I've worked in the industry and being personable is a must when dealing with customers. I would never recommend this place to anyone unless you get the male bartender. He's much friendlierBest Tapas outside of Spain!
The decor is beautiful and lovely! with stacked wine bottles & hanging dry roses around the bar, and pretty hanging lights with black lace hanging down, there are mosaics on all the walls depicting different Spanish themes and pictures, and the tables are cute and intimate.
The tapas here are the closest to the ones in Barcelona that I've had in the US. They are traditionally made, fresh, and taste fantastic! The prices are great, so it's nice to come with one to 5 people, and split a whole assortment of tapas so you can try some of everything!
My personal favorites: The patatas bravas, the frozen apple foam with a hot delicious (something) on it, the hot crunchy balls with oozey cheese stuff in them, the goat cheese and mushroom thing, hahaha yeah ok not very helpful... but try to find those things in the menu!! :)
I've been here several times and love it every time! Food is great, service is friendly and fast, ambiance is unique and pleasant, and overall it's a great dinner experience!I have not had anything here that I don't like.  I'm not a typical fan of sangria, but this sangria is very good, try the white.  Both times I have tried to get a last minute reservation I am told they don't have any tables.  We decided to chance it anyway and were seated immediately both times :-) Try: Calamare en su tonto (Squid in Squid Ink).  The ice cream was the best I have ever had.I finally ate here.  What a great find.  Cool decor, great food, served late on a Sunday and the sangria was great too.  There is a little walk outside that seemed worth checking out in the daytime.Tapas...it's so so good...but you can definitely can get carried away with number of dishes...lolI've been hearing for years that I need to check out Bar Ferdinand, and I finally made it last night. We decided to try to get in at the last minute because our plans to dine at a another restaurant didn't work out. We called at 7:45, and they said that they didn't have a reservation until 10pm, but that if we wanted to put our names on a waiting list, we could get a table by 8:45 and they would call us when a table opened. They were exceptionally nice about extending this service, and we appreciated how pleasant and accommodating they were.
We arrived around 8:30 and had a drink at the bar area, which was crowded but not shoulder-to-shoulder, while they finished setting up our table. The beer selection was excellent, and I was thrilled to get a saison in draft form--that really made my night. 
We were seated shortly after getting our drinks, and we ordered 12 plates (for 4 of us) from the tapas-style menu. The food came out promptly and was all very good. The highlight of the night was the skewered fried manchego with frozen apple foam. If was just ridiculous. You have to get this if you go here. The low point was probably the monkfish and pork belly skewer. The chunks were too big to eat together in a bite, and the monkfish was way over-seasoned with strong herbs. The pork belly part was delicious, though. The pastry items are also delicious. They are like filo dough filled with things like goat cheese and dates. 
Surprisingly for a tapas place, the bill was very low. It came out to about $100 for 12 plates plus a few drinks. We were all full and happy at the end of the night. I would recommend checking this place out.i love tapas
with a few friends you can order many things to share 
great place, great service, great bear from Spain
prices have jumped up - so expect to have an expensive nite.Went here with a large group for Mother's day brunch and really enjoyed the experience.   Food and service were excellent.I've been here twice for Brunch so I decided to give them a raving review. Their brunch is amazing! Those spicy potatoes are crack! Service is always prompt and friendly from beginning to end. I'd love to try their dinner menu and happy hour someday so I'll be making room on the calendar. Overall my group loved the omelets, french toast, and those darn spicy potatoes.Great place in a nice part of the city, the empanadas are great, wouldn't recommend the scallops, a wonderful place on a beautiful day to tickle your taste buds!Took my gf there on a Friday night so we could have a few drinks and unwind. The restaurant has a very nice ambiance and there was so much to chose from on the menu. My gf ordered the roasted chicken while i dined on the striped bass. Both were very good but they are small plates so the portion is just enough. The white sangria was amazing and had us tipsy while walking out. The only disappointment were the waitress looking almost zombie like and the dessert was horrible. The chocolate (flourless) cake was nothing but a pile of frosting. After complaining to the waitress she didn't even ask if i wanted it removed from the check. Even though I only took a half of a bite. I doubt I will be back again, the only thing memorable was the sangria...This is my go-to for dates with my lady friends! The menu is always changing and the drinks are always creative and tasty. Since its tapas, you can try so many things on the menu without feeling like a glutton!I am obsessed with this place! I've gone a few times years ago and really enjoyed it then but, the last time I went was my favorite! Perhaps the new menu or the fact that I was with my hubby and two year old, the flamenco show which they have on first First Fridays, or the fact that it brought back memories of part of our honeymoon spent in Spain! In LOVE! my hubby has glasses of the white sangria and loved it my pregnant self was drooling over their specialty drinks. We split the Berenjena  con lentejas (roasted eggplant, lentils, and romesco sauce) YUM, the monchego fritos ( goat cheese -on the side, apple foam, and walnut skewers), Congrejo (lump crab, lemon, and paprika croquettes), two orders of potatoes (AMAZING) and he also had the filet mignon skewers which he said were awesome. They do have a larger portion menu but, I feel the tapas are why you go! The place is cozy and romantic and the decor is wonderful including the fabulous mosaics! They have outdoor seating when its nice, parking isnt bad and the  wait staff is friendly. We are going to make it a habit to try to get there on the first Friday of every month for the added bonus of the flamenco dancers and musicians. I believe they go on around 7 pm. This place is not for the bland but, I don't eat meat and my husband is a meat and potaoes guy and there was still plenty for us both tho choose from! I truly love it here and recommend the entire experience.Good variety. Tasty tapas. Go with a group so you can try everything! Paella was good but a tad salty. Manchego Frito is like CRACK! Get it, don't doubt me! Fried cheese and apple foam, are you kidding me? Delicious!I am going to keep this simple as I am hurting from the 4 bottles of wine last night at Bar Ferdinand.
1.Tapas are delicious and really creative, top notch food.
2. The fried manchago(sp) is ridiculous. 
3.Wine selection is on point, we are not big wine drinkers but the service is pretty honest and helpful with helping us pick.
4. Great spot for a date. This is where my fiancé and I went after we got engaged.
5.Desert. Make sure you get it.
6.Only reason I am not giving it 5 starts is because it is a little on the pricey side and the portions are not all that big. BUT that is not always a bad thing, just when you are spending $120 for dinner for two you physiologically expect to be stuffed.
7.I like Spain a lot.Can't critique Bar Ferdinand much, pretty good first visit.
We had a group of 5 and we played out the tapas meal by standard rules. So yeah, there were a couple plates that I didn't particularly enjoy. On the upside, there were many more that I did enjoy and I was astonished to see our bill didn't even top $100 for food and drink. The monk fish was amazing, as was the lamb with citrus yogurt. Breton was alright, pollo y patatas were tasty.
No beer on tap due an operational err of some kind. I was not happy about this. $3 High Life (Champagne) in a bottle made for an adequate substitute due to the reasonable price.
It took us a minute or two to get seated since we had an odd numbered party, but the hostess kept us informed while we waited. Our waiter was not only friendly and punctual, he was also comfortable discussing many of the foods we were interested in. Strangely enough, one of my friends actually said that our waiter tonight was "less involved in the meal" than they typically are. Seriously?! I was impressed.
Bar Ferdinand was a draft beer away from 5 stars! Great experience, would absolutely recommend to any tapas lover.I've been here twice  and nothing short of great!
Its a great place to go to have the tapas experience.  The food is well seasoned and there is a good variety of choices.  My absolute favorite is the vegetarian sandwich!
Its a great place to go to for small bites!I love this place! The ambiance was phenomenal; I highly recommend sitting outside. The food was also wonderful. The best dish I had was the Manchego Frito with Apple Foam. That Apple Foam was something out of Wylie Dufresne kitchen. I also tried the Tortilla Española, Baked Goat Cheese (a little disappointing), and the Tostas (salmon and crème Fraiche was the best). The beer list is a little disappointing but it has a good wine list.This review pertains to Happy Hour ONLY!!
Went to HH a few times, it runs from 5-7, they have half price oysters and half price beers, it is a great value.  Gheesh...the Jew in me is really coming out!   
I've also had a few tapas and mini sandwiches that were really good, i prefer the mini-sandwiches of duck and cerdo frito.  We usually get the same server, she is great and keeps the beers flowing.
Check this spot out for Happy Hour!Unfriendly service from Ali. The man making cheese plates was not wearing gloves and touched a lot of surfaces while making the food. The music is also very off it was rock.This place is OK on a quiet weeknight for some wine and snacks at the bar... but I don't consider it to be an ideal sit down dinner place for a date.  On Friday and Saturday nights it can be very loud and very packed.  My date and I were first seated by the very friendly and attentive staff at a table near the door.  It was a cold January night and boy was it freezing.  The chill just poured in through the plastic sheeting separating us from the sidewalk.  They kindly seated us to another place that was a bit warmer.  The music was so loud that we could hardly speak without yelling, and tables were so close that we were practically elbow distance from the next table, so that was not very romantic. Food was only "OK".  Tapas was tasty, but I must tell you that the Paella was probably the worst I've ever had.  Seafood was "off" and rubbery.Stopped in for a couple of brunch drinks and a quick bite. 
A beer and what was essentially baklava for me and a sangria and omelette for the lady.
The baklava was sweet with a bacon interior. It is a small appetizer, only enough to tide me over. The omelette however was hearty and full of flavor. The atmosphere was friendly and there is a nice dried flower decoration around the bar area. Interesting enough for me.Excellent food (kind of expensive), but go early to avoid all of the bros.
Superb food, though!Fantastic meal! We made our reservation at 7pm on a Saturday and we're happy to find a table available for 8:30. The three of us shared a pitcher of sangria, which was a generous portion for $24, each of us having 2-3 glasses. Initially we picked out five items to share, figuring we'd order more as we went. We ordered the brussels sprouts, baked goat cheese, goat cheese flat bread with roasted vegetables, patatas bravas, and the marinated olives. All of these items were fantastic and large enough portions for a satisfying meal. We also got churros with chocolate and flan for dessert. The total bill was $80 for 3 of us which was a great deal for a 5 star meal! Will return!Our first impression was some slow service as it took well over 20 minutes once we were seated to get drinks ordered...  However, once the food was ordered it came fast and the waitress seemed to be a bit more attentive.  Everything was good but the standouts were the stuffed dates and the filet skewer with pistachio pesto.  The tuna cebiche was good but did seem to leave a little to be desired compared to some of the amazing cebiche I have tried in Peru.  I'm just nitpicking though.  Pricy experience but I guess that's what happens with excellent tapas!  Oh, and a good beer and wine list (and sangrias, cocktails, etc.).  If we hadn't had a frustrating wait at the start our experience may have been 5 stars.Amada and Tinto were much better. The service here was lacking and about the only good thing was the outdoor seating. Although the interior is very nicely decorated. For the money go to Amada or Tinto.Tapas and beer and atmosphere oh my! Love this NoLibs spot, a bit pricey and smallish plates for this price, but the food is delish. Don't go home without falling in love with the roasted goat cheese with honey.  Went there for a special date with the honey, and we were both impressed!One of the few places in Northern Liberties that has servers who are attentive and actually care! The food has been great both times we visited. We always get the red sangria... It's delicious! 
Some memorable dishes:
Patatas Bravas - Excellent! The potatoes are cooked perfectly and the sauce and peppers add a great kick
Almond-crusted Eggplant - I was happy with this dish. The eggplant was firm but not undercooked and the honey/almond combo was very tasty
Roasted Mussels - You can't mess muscles up, these were delicious
We've also gotten the NY strip, salmon and tuna (when it was on the menu), and also a short-rib dish on special... I feel like the special dishes are made with magic because they are SO GOOD!
Bar Ferdinand is a little pricey, so we usually come in once a month.Good atmosphere, good prices, ok service, mediocre food. The food isn't bad -- it's pretty good for the money -- but it's no Amada, which is shockingly good and pricey.First thing you should know is that everything is tapas style. That being said I really like this place. I've been here way more times then I've actually checked in and I can't say that I've ever had a bad experience. Some people have complained about the sangria, but I love it and world recommend it over the sugar filled stuff they try to pass off as sangria else where (some of which might as well be Kool-Aid). 
Great date spot and good place to just sit and have a few drinks. 
*I was going to recommend the monkfish but it's no longer on the menu :( 
Recently had the oysters and thought they were pretty good. Not quite Oyster House quality but that's probably a really unfair comparison lolNot good, over-hyped.  I'm not trying to be malicious, but I know 2 people who have gotten sick from this food on separate occasions.  They are trying too hard to be labeled Spanish Tapas, and their variety of tapas are not good.  The sangria is ok.  I live around the corner and wanted this to be my favorite place--sadly I'm not taking any of my friends here.Skip the quail with honey. Skip the pitcher of sangria too for that matter - it was actually below par (without fruit) and just blahhhh.
The jamon fried little things are generic as they come.
BUT, everything else we had was blood amazing. No seriously, i mean it!
Date with bacon, Cordero estofado, patatas bravas, and even the pork sandwhich!
6 dishes for two people were plenty. Total damage including the not-so-great $21 pitcher of sangria was $60...Bar Ferdinand has some really great tapas choices and the restaurant itself is gorgeous. My favorites were the marinated mushrooms, ham croquettte, and the cheese board. One thing I could've done without just because I wasn't crazy about the flavor was the calamare en su tonto (and I usually really enjoy squid ink).I've been to Bar Ferdinand a few times and had very good to great meals there every time. The food has always been creative and tasty. Some dishes are on the small side, it is tapas after all, but they have always been meticulously prepared and delicious. Maybe it's all on the expensive side but you get what you pay for. Service can be a little "short" but we like to just sit at the bar, order a bottle of crisp white wine and go to town. They have a nice Spanish wine list that is authentic and appropriate for the food including multiple Cavas, Rueda, Albarinho and even some interesting bottles like a white Prioriat. Also a very good selection of desert wines and sherries. Not sure if they still do the 1/2 price bottles on Mondays but that was a great deal. Someone mentioned that it was somehow "tapas in America" or whatever. Not true. From my experience in Barcelona, for example, there were different types of tapas establishments, some very casual and some leaning toward the modern el Bulli/Adria-esq with foam and the like. They are not all simple establishments with ordinary food. Bar Ferdinand reminds me more of this modern style of tapas which certainly isn't "americanized" by any means. I think they succeed in what they are trying to do here.Encountered Bar Ferdinand shortly after it opened, and have been coming back ever since. Owen Kamihara created a viable foil to Old City's Amada by eschewing glam theatricality for a more subdued and intimate neighborhood tapas bar...which feels closer in temperament to bars in Andalusia or Basque country. The walls are beautifully adorned with Joe Brenman's vibrantly crafted mosaics (in whimsical homage to the restaurant's eponymous bull mascot) and the darkly luminous, cavernous space showcases the owner's trademark attention to material details: wrought iron, dark woods, Moorish motifs. 
The food is always fine, often exemplary, with numerous authentic tapas and eclectic departures which play up contrasts of texture and temperature in a nod to Spain's El Bulli. Even if you're eating at the bar by yourself (which is my preference, actually), the bartenders are congenial and attentive to your needs. Prices are reasonable to pricey, but on average more affordable than Amada or Tinto;  you may still find yourself racking up quite a tab once you start an indulgent nosh... 
Must-eats: gambas al ajillo, cockles in fennel and saffron broth, braised short rib in pomegranate jus, patatas bravas, cerdo frito sandwich, bacalao, manchego frito with cold apple foam, charred watermelon w/ serrano ham, crispy quail salad. Sangria, sherries, and great all-Spanish wine list - my favorite: their luscious Bierzo.Oh, Jose Garces... where were you when i needed you? Not that I expect the same level of culinary sophistication from any non Garces establishment, but this place has so much hype around it I was certainly hoping. 
Not only were several of my dishes adequate at best in terms of flavor and texture, but my entire table (6 of us) were served virtually every dish at the same time. This is not helpful for several reasons: food gets cold, you feel pressure to eat quickly and cannot savor anything, and logistically there just isn't enough space on the table for all the plates.
The vegetarian sandwich was essentially bland sauteed mushrooms and a little cheese on a roll- not worth it. And skewered monkfish  with pork belly might sound appetizing, but I was so underwhelmed (and it was so cold) that I pawned it off on someone else.
You want tapas, go to tinto or amada.Other than the prices, I think Bar Ferdinand is pretty great.
Location:  Easy parking across the street at the free Piazza lot.  It might be tough on the weekend if they are having an event, but either way, you can probably find something on the street.
Decor:  I love the interior of this place.  Dark lighting, interesting art on the walls.  I love that they can also open the big glass doors when the weather is nice.  It creates a nice connection to the outside walkway area.
Service:  It's always been pretty solid.
Food:  On our recent trip (the two of us) we went with the following and it was more than enough food... 
- Spanish cheese board - delicious
- Shrimp Garlic and Olive Oil - outstanding - about 6 shrimp
- Patatas Bravas -  the potatoes were good but the sauces weren't anything special
-  House made chorizo - fantastic, I could have eaten a few of these, good portion
- NY strip with chimichurri - small but pretty solid
Price:  The only drawback was the price.  We left with about a $120 bill and that included a few drinks.  I was pretty bummed out that even the local draft beer was $5 and it wasn't even served in a pint glass.  
Overall it's worth a visit for a snack or a full meal.Named after one of my favorite children's books, I was excited to try out this place. Happily, the name wasn't the best part.  The Queso de Cabra Cocinado (baked goat cheese) was fabulous - definitely get it!  Also good were the Pato Ahumado (duck breast sliders - loved the almond jam that complemented the meat) and Codorinz Crujiente con Miel (quail salad).
The only disappointing part of the meal was the Chorizo del Pulpo (octopus medallions) - it was like octopus hamburgers with discs of tentacles making little patties, which had a disturbing consistency and strange flavor.
I will be back - at the top of my list to sample is the Datiles Rellenos (fried stuffed dates), which I've heard are wonderful.Unfortunately our latest meal here wasn't very good and it was so disappointing because we just love it here. I do really hate leaving this poor review as we have had some fantastic meals and experiences here. First thing, we usually come for the flamenco performances on First Friday. We made a special trio here a week before our 5th anniversary to enjoy this treat as it brings us back to our time honeymooning in Barcelona. Due to Hurricane Joaquin, the dancers did not show this night. Ok, not the restaurants fault although I did call and ask to make sure as well as check their social media sites. Not a word. So upon arrival I was already a little bummed. Hubby pulled me out of my hissy fit. 
Next was the music....Ambiance while dining is HUGE to me! This place has it going on!! So sexy! Except, this night. The music was so ill-fitting that I had to say something to the staff which is very unlike me. The waitress informed me that their system was down and they were using someone's iPod. I mean I love the Black Crows and Gin Blossoms....when I'm drinking a beer or shooting pool NOT when I'm trying to have a romantic date night with my husband to celebrate 5 years of marriage. It did actually ruin the entire vibe they usually have. 
Next, the food. The sangria was completely watered down and there was maybe two pieces of fruit. If that. Very disappointing. As was the menu. It's been awhile, but a few key staples we used to eat have been taken off the menu. Except for the potatoes that is. They were awful. And I'm not one to say those kind of things. They used to be cubed and crispy, theses were wedges and mushy. Ugh. That is one of my favorite dishes here. Again, disappointed. So then we tried the oyster mushrooms. They were inedible. Tough, chewy and flavorless. We couldn't eat them. Such a shame because they looked beautiful. As did all of the dishes. My hubby said his calamari wasn't good either. I wound up leaving hungry, sad and filled with delicious olives and some oily greens. That's about it. The shisito peppers were good as were the Brussels. A tad on the oily side, but flavorful. Not sure why shisitos are at a Spanish tapas bar as I usually associate them with Asian cuisine, but they're a favorite snack of mine so that's ok. The waitress was accommodating and took two dishes off our bill. It took us a lot to get out of the house that night as we have two little ones and a babysitter who was running late. Also, as I mentioned it was a hurricane. We were REALLY looking forward to this anniversary dinner as we honeymooned in Spain and ate tapas and saw flamenco. 
So disappointed. Perhaps I'll try to come back for a glass of wine when I actually know for sure that there is flamenco, but I don't think a meal is in our future which is a real shame. 
Not sure if the owners have changed hands over the years but the food for me has really gone downhill for me. I was just here about 6 months ago with about 10 girls. I brought them here as I always used to rave about it and they all loved it. Flatbreads, scallops, and maybe was it pork belly were a favorite for my friends. I think sticking to old classics is the way to go. The crab and asparagus flan was a hit with people. The apple foam and manchego was too. I personally eat those anymore, but I remember them being really stand out. And fix those potatoes!
So sad. Nevertheless my husband and I salvaged the date night with a trip over to Hop Sing afterwards which was absolutely unreal!! Now that was a perfect, anniversary treat. Uber sexy!We held our office's 2013 Christmas dinner party here and it was terrific.  Street parking or in the lot 1/2 block away was easy, and the hostess/coat check was smooth for our large group of people.  They'd arranged the entire place perfectly to begin with wine, sangria, and served hot hors d'oeuvres as we gathered and chatted.  The main meal was buffet style, with tables for seated groups.  We enjoyed a wide variety of their dishes, everything tasted great, everyone had plenty to eat.  We'll be back!I am at a loss for words. The decor of the bar was breathtaking and the staff was amazing. We started with a wonderful cheese plate and added 4-5 tapas. The garlic shrimp, baked goat cheese, shrimp and chili flatbread and manchego frito; are all amazing. The only disappointment was the white sangria,  very dry and kind of bitter... I've had better. Overall, a beautiful place to visit on a cold winters night...My husband and I eat here on a fairly regular basis. It's almost always really good. We even brought some friends from Barcelona here a couple times and while I'm sure not as good as the real thing, they seemed pretty pleased over all. There have been a few misses here and there, but that's to be expected. No establishment is "on" 100% of the time. Not to be missed are the cured meat and the cheese platters. Also a big fan of the date empanadas. A few minor complaints - they changed up the patatas bravas and they're not as good as before. Also, the noise level can get a little, (actually make that, really) annoying and going on the weekend always seems to filled with a bridge and tunnel crowd (or whatever the Philadelphia equivalent of that is). The last time we went, we could only get a reservation at 6:15. I was a little disappointed about having to go out so early on a Saturday night, but I think this was the way to go. The restaurant was about half full, so the noise level was way down. No need to shout over the din to be heard. By the time we left around 8, the noise level was significantly less manageable. We we will definitely be going on the earlier side again on a weekend.  Week nights are also a great time to go and their happy hour is a pretty good deal as well.We go here all the time. We are big tapas fans, and this restaurant is always our "sure thing". I see a lot of people being picky about details, my bottom line is the place is nice, the staff is nice, and the food is yummy. What else is there?Stopped in before a Fringe performance and it was worth the 10 block walk in bad, bad shoes. The flat breads are fantastic. All of them. The rabbit dish got the chef out of the kitchen to see who ordered it.   Apparently not a lot of takers.  There should be; moist and citrusy and herbaceous. The roasted potatoes, the grilled octopus, there wasn't a misstep. Service friendly and perfectly timed. Bar service helpful and informed.  But small plates mean big checks as you tend to over-order.This review will be short, as many others have already written my feelings.
Service: Mediocre.
Food: Excellent, yet somewhat pricey. I think many reviewers focus on the size of the plates, rather than on their taste. Moreover, I've left full each time i come here. It's not like Applebees where you get a giant serving of rubbish. But if you take your time and relish the food, you'll find yourself quickly full, and for not much more money than many other restaurants. 
Overall Verdict: Four stars. I especially like this place when another person is paying.I love this place.
The pork belly and the duck are wonderful. I do miss the quail salad from the old menu, but the new additions are great.
Everyone should go at least once and try the manchego fritto and the date and bacon empanadas those two are my favorites and amazing. 
I'm also a big fan of the meat and cheese plates.Once again the yelp reviews were an awesome help and guide to conquering untraveled territory for this stomach.
On a beautiful Sunday evening after dancing up a storm in the Piazza with the Sundae promoters and djs it only seemed natural to wind down with some sangria and light fare tapas.
We ordered many of the menu items and nothing really disappointed, but except for the manchego frito and spinach empanadas, most did not super wow us either. It was all good and the service from the beautiful server was even more reinforcing of a good choice to how to enjoy another Philadelphia evening.
The patio is a great place to sit and people watch as there are many beautiful souls in even hotter skins floating about this part of town.Claro que si!
I finally finally made it to Bar Ferdinand and I am happy I did.  I had a wonderful meal here on what would have been an otherwise uneventful stormy evening.
We began with the tortilla a la espanola.  It was served cold with a dollop of garlic mayo (made in house) on top.  It was a great way to start the meal and paired wonderfully with my glass of rioja.
Next we ordered the pixin con panceta and a plate of charcuterie that I cannot remember the name of.  The pixin con panceta was a revelation to me.  Monkfish and porkbelly together at last!  The flavors were like silk and each skewer was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The plate of charcuterie besides being a healthy portion had wonderful variety and flavor.  Jamon serrano, lomba and two others which I can't remember were neatly stacked on the wooden board.  It was served with some croquettes.  That's all it required.
I can't wait to come back to this place.  It was awesome.Had a great dinner at Bar Ferdinand, and managed to be full but not stuffed at the end of the night (a good thing).  The service was nice and helpful with my gluten free requests.  There were lots of yummy-looking dishes on the menu and it was difficult to decide...so we ended up with 3 small and 2 "larger" plates (even these can be shared, so don't look at these as entrees).  
First of all, who knew a potato could be so delectable?  Patatas Bravas OMG-goodness!
We also had a tuna mixto salad with endive, olives, mustard vinaigrette that was interesting and good (fun to eat the salad by picking up the endive leaves and loading them up like crackers).
Others dishes were the marinated filet skewers, and the mussels (good but I'd like to try the scallops next time).  We also shared a duck special cooked to medium rare perfection with this braised cabbage/white bean/bacon deliciousness going on.  It was very very good.
White sangria to top it off made for the perfect girls' night.  The two of us ate for $50 each (drinks, food and tip included)...great spot.  I look forward to many happy returns!The plethora of open tables on OpenTable only 3 hours before your intended reservation should tell you something.
1. Very loud. Unable to have conversations or hear waitress.
2. Everything is very salty.
3. Spicy meatballs were not (spicy).
4. Of our 15 or so dishes, none "wowed" us.
5. With only 4 dessert items, you cannot "run out of churros." You are a Spanish restaurant.Good, solid 4 stars. Amada is still my first choice for tapas in the city, but this is a really good substitution for an expensive dinner out. A group of 7 of us decided to order 2 items each, and our waiter was looking out for us and recommended we get 2 orders of each item. That way, everyone could have a bite. AWESOME advice, btw. Our table was happily full at the end of the meal, and the food was divvied up well based on who liked and didn't like what. 
We ordered (that I can remember):
- Seared duck hearts. WOW. I was a little apprehensive to try this, but it was marinated very well and tasted like beef but felt like a chicken gizzard.
- Vegetariano sandwich. I was surprised at how good this was.
- Manchego frito. The cheese was good, especially paired with the frozen apple foam, but separately, the foam was WEIRD. Like...a piece of styrofoam almost. A pretty yummy piece of styrofoam.
- Monkfish with pork belly. A little salty...wasn't one of my favorites but it was okay.
- Crab croquette. A little salty as well. I'm usually a big crab fan but this just didn't do it for me.
- Chicken livers with apple puree. By itself, the livers were a little on the iron-tasting side. With the apple, AMAZING. Perfectly balanced out the iron taste.
- Grilled filet mignon with pistachio pesto. I liked the filet (cooked rare) but didn't care much for the pesto. I'm not a pistachio fan, so that's probably why.
- Sherry braised lamb with mashed potatoes and breadcrumbs. I normally do not like lamb, but this was good! The aftertaste wasn't so strong. I could only handle a few bites, though.
-Mussels with hazelnuts. I don't know what else was in this, but it was amazing and we couldn't stop dipping stuff in the sauce.
- Skirt steak with egg and truffle. I could barely taste the truffle in this, but it let the flavors of the egg and rare steak though. YUM!
For dessert, we got churros, leche frita, flan, and panna cotta. The churros were definitely my favorite.
If I'm in the neighborhood (ahem, getting my nails done at Genesis Nails a block away), I'd come back, but I wouldn't make the trip from Center City.The drinks were the highlight - not too exciting, but decent. Tried the sangria and it tasted a bit watered down. 
The atmosphere is cute and the bar is great to sit at. 
Unfortunately the Brussels sprouts were so salty and overcooked, they were impossible to eat.