Came here for drinks and got pad Thai to go. It is SO good not that I wasn't expecting it to be but since moving here in September I haven't found pad Thai comparable to my old spot. Love!It was to my genuine surprise to discover that a sports bar exists in Chinatown, thanks to the NBA finals! 
I wanted to write this review mostly to note that this place served some of the best sweet potato fries I think I've ever had (which is saying a lot because I'm Korean and Koreans make mean sweet potato everythings). Some friends and I came here to watch Game 3, and it was then that I discovered those deliciously addictive sweet potato fries. To add the cherry on top, it was only $3 off their late night happy hour menu (ka-chinnggg!). 
Everything else about BarLy was just okay in my opinion, but to reiterate, their sweet potato fries really blew me away :)I liked this place!  Who would think you could find a sports bar like this in Chinatown? Good beer selection with good happy hour prices.  I had the spicy chicken sandwich and wasn't disappointed.  What will make this place a regular stop for me is that I frequently visit someone in the apartment building that's above the restaurant so it will be a nice inside walk from elevator to restaurant on those cold winter nights.Interesting place... A little bit of a personality disorder, though. It's kind of a sports bar but kind of Asian restaurant and then kind of an Asian pub. Good beer selection. The Nutella creme brûlée was pretty great.New fav sports bar. Good food, great tvs, late night happy hour. 
Mediocre service is what put a small damper on this place.Food was expensive. Not good. Got wings. They were bland and burnt. Flat bread tasted like dough and cheese. Service sucks ass. The only reason it got 2star is because the drinks were good. Never going backA sportsbar in Chinatown? I love it. Great beer selection and super cheap happy hr food specials.  The bacon wrapped quail eggs are a must!One of the worst experiences we have had.they might have 60 beers, but after 45 minutes of waiting for a hamburger and a ham sandwich and just water, we walked out.
The services was terrible. Never to return again.awesome bar good happy hour from 10-12 for young adults that ACTUALLY have a job..cheap food but super delicious. D and Jamie were awesome bartenders. such a good timeNear place, nice size and convenient location. My friend and I just enjoyed drinks but others seemed to be enjoying their food. Staff is very friendly and knowledgable, especially of their beer selection. Mixed drinks are a little smaller than average.This is hands down my favorite Philadelphia hang. Mix Asian food with traditional American Bar fare, plus a huge beer selection and and amazing drinks... can't be beat. Plus Curtis and the other bar servers are super nice and know their stuff. Ultra highly recommended.HUGE fan of their happy hour! I went with a friend and tried what felt like almost everything! We got dumplings, spring rolls, chips and salsa, tacos, more dumplings and two flights of wine for $35 total. So inexpensive, even for happy hour! 
The service was very quick - we had two servers checking in on us consistently. Everyone was very friendly and all smiles. 
The food was good; nothing out of the ordinary or spectacular, but definitely you'd expect for this kind of sports bar. 
I imagine this place is also great on game day because there are TVs everywhere! Definitely worth the visit, especially during happy hour!Like all bars, its noisy. But, I always go with a wishful thinking hoping theres going to be a good crowd of people off all ages. With my luck, its usually close to never needs well with me. Something always rub me the wrong way. I might be a little bias but, I was never a fan of bars, i feel like its a "groupy" thing. 
I scooped out the place,  it turns out I know one of the bartenders there. That part was very nice. We did a lot chatting which distracted me from rushing my friends to leave. 
  Here's where my head starts to turn. I ordered a glass of wine of their finest domestic cheap wine. hahaha. Im not a beer drinker nor a fan of heavy liquor. The wine snob that I am will just have to settle for the blah stuff. :( 9$ for a glass of woodbridge is outrageous. It's domestic stuff! i think that price could buy me the entire bottle with change back. Grrrr. 
  This where I had to walk away. ( i understand mistakes and accidents happens.)
I'm very observant with anything that touches my mouth. With that said, there was a lipstick stain on my glass. i didn't make a big deal about it. i just had to let him know so they could pour me a new glass in a different glass. FML... the owner Tammy came over took my glass, licked the lipstick stain off in front of me, then slid my glass back to me thinking it was okay. lol
Enough said. im done with this place. sorry!A great happy hour spot. Nice specials on food and drinks, good atmosphere. The  staff is cool &friendly.BarLy is a bar that also has an expansive menu of foods that range from burgers to pizza to skewers to sushi to pad thai.  And they have Tuesday Quizzo and regular and late-night happy hours.  They also apparently do karaoke, if you're into that kinda stuff.
The beers selection is pretty good, with a variety of breweries and styles on draft (about a dozen) and in bottles.  They also have other beverages, but if you're going to a sports bar for its wines or cocktails, then you're doing something wrong and someone should tell you that.
I have tried a few of the food dishes and, as one would expect from a such an overreaching menu, they were not particularly impressive; nor were they particularly disappointing.  Tables are stocked with a variety of condiments, so you can always just make your meal Sriracha flavored.  
Service is prompt and friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  If you're in a large group, they have absolutely no problem tracking and providing individual checks, which is a blessing, as it avoids those stupid and tired discussions about who got what and how much they owe and how about that person that left early and how much tip should be left and all that nonsense.  Seriously, give thanks.Hamburgers, fried noodles, beer, chicken wings, and oysters -- a unique combination!
Last week was my first time back to this establishment since it re-opened a couple of months back, and I've dined there a total of 4 times already.  Bar-ly suits my cravings because there are days when I crave a hamburger with a Leffe Blonde (excellent belgian), and then there are days when I feel like having pan-fried udon with a Leffe Blonde.  So whatever is called for, Bar-ly is able to satiate my appetite.
Another staple from Bar-ly's menu:  Sriracha wings.  The wings appear to be an iteration of Korean style wings -- double fried then finished with a coating of sauce. Bottom line is Bar-ly's wings are a successful iteration, and I'm glad I do not have to drive to SoHo for wings anymore.  
Oysters.  Growing up right outside of New Orleans, I'm accustomed to $0.25 per oyster;  Bar-ly, however, is the closest thing to that.  Although the oysters are $1.00 a piece here, one would be hard pressed to find another establishment that can match Bar-ly's pricing.  There are typically two choices of oysters, and I usually order both just for the heck of it. 
Bar-ly's food and beer selection, in my opinion, were wisely chosen to compliment each other.  This combined with an upbeat, fun, and welcoming atmosphere is what brings me back to Bar-ly on a weekly basis.This place is weird.
A group of us came in because we heard about all the beers on tap.  Most of the group are beer snobs, so we were ready to drink whatever they had.  The place was relatively quiet on a Saturday night, which was nice.  We were seated immediately and given the beer list, which is quite extensive.  They had some nice selections on there, so naturally I went with the one with the highest content on the menu - the Ommegang Three Philosophers.  I was pretty surprised when the drink came out in a regular pint glass - not at all what I was expecting.  A few others in the group had the same thing happen.  Don't think I'm complaining about this - I am happy to suck down 2x the amount of beer than what I was supposed to be served.  Thank you for the mistake!
We didn't get any food here, but the menu looked pretty good.  
I'm honestly not sure if I'll be back in the future - the beers were great, prices were good, but the place really lacked any ambiance.  The whole concept of this bar is kind of all over the place (sports bar, craft beer, Asian fusion/bar food menu?), but that's also what makes it neat, I guess.  
I don't really know how I feel about this place!Its OK - They have a big beer list but its mostly national brews which is OK.
The food was OK as well. They have nice variety. 
The best part is its big. We have a group of about 8 and they sat us really fast and our waitress was awesome.Poor service. Long wait.  Waitress with attitude. Of the bad kind.   Only one visit. Maybe off nightcame here for late night happy hour with a group of friends before heading over to the trestle inn. there was some food truck event happening in chinatown that night and the restaurant was extremely busy and packed. our group of about 7 were seated pretty quickly though and the service was good...not great...but not bad either. our waitress was really nice and the prices were ridiculously cheap! i'd try the place again but maybe when they're not so busy.Neat concept. Came here on a friday night at about 730. The servers were so slow and it took forever to get any of our food. Waiting at least 15 to 20 minutes for a beer also became normal to us.Happy hour 3:30-6:30
Variety of food, most pretty inexpensive but small. We had steamed shrimp dumplings (meh), fried chicken dumplings (ok), chopped Tokyo salad (nothing to write home about, dressing good), cheesesteak spring rolls were good (side of Cheese Wiz needed to be 2x bigger), skewers of need and chicken (decent). Someone else at the table got the lo mein, which smelled awesome. 60 beers on tab. Full bar. Waitress had some trouble understanding the difference between a screwdriver and orange vodka on the rocks, but she took it off the bill, which was nice. Vodka pours are small and it's easy to drop $100 between food and beer/booze b/c the plates are small.
Restaurant looks nice but is noisy, hard to hear table conversation. Lots of TVs. Bathrooms are clean but smell strongly of varnish from reclaimed pallets I suspect.I would recommend this spot for the beer selection and the cocktail menu. I love that they had a lambic fruit beer so that's what I chose. I was also tempted by some pretty tasty looking cocktails, although I didn't have any so I can't speak for them. It also would be a great place to gather and watch a game on one of their many Tvs.
Unfortunately, my friend and I were primarily here for dinner and the food is where Bar-ly falls very short. The food is Asian-American Bar Food. Their happy hour menu was so intriguing as it had prices ranging from about $1.50-$5.00 and a few items listed under each. We ended up getting fries, for maybe $2.50, Fried Calamari for I think $3.50, Crab Ravioli, maybe $4 and Vegetable Lo mein for $5. The fries were good. The lo mein was the second best part but didn't taste any better than an average takeout lo mein. The calamari was in these little strips that kind of looked like funnel cake. Basically just tasted like salt with a hint of seafood. And the crab ravioli was not ravioli. It was wonton wrappers filled with cream cheese and sparse crab covered in some odd orange sauce. Nope. Not for me. 
I'd suggest sticking to drinks.Holy moly that's a big TV! How haven't I been to this fun bar before right next to the Trocadero and in the heart of Chinatown! An unbelievable draft selection including la fin du monde which is one of my favorite beers and hard to find. I didn't have a chance to try the food but everything that came out of the kitchen looked good and the service was very friendly!Good food, good beer list, a little loud for lunch but I don't mind. What sucks is the fries, they seem like a McDonald's cut and overcooked. They need to change their fries. The cheesesteak was good and I've had over 40 different cheesesteaks by now.The Tilapia Fish Burger is absolutely terrible. I gagged several times attempting to eat it. The table service is extremely slow.
However, if you sit at the bar, you get better service. The Bar Ly burger is actually not bad.this update is the result of their quizzo. i added a star because we did embarrassingly poorly and they were gracious enough not to openly mock us. the boy named us Team Rocket, then drew a rocket next to our team name, then wrote "blasting off at the speed of light!" it was a joke; we understand basic science. unfortunately i think we came in dead last, so the moderator likely has every reason to believe that doodle was in earnest. 
this leads me to a relevant warning about the cocktail Double Dragon. the boy thought Tony Abbott was from Lebanon after one of these. I tried it myself during another visit, for science. The pineapple garnish lives in a pitcher of viciously strong alcohol. the bartender who served me said: "it will wake you up", and then suggested that i chase the pineapple with the drink which also seems to contain something like 5 different liquors. so, you know, you will not recognize your world leaders after one of these. 
one day i will return to bar-ly to vanquish quizzo, or so i like to think. in the mean time my only other advice remain the same: steer clear of raw foods (sushi especially), everything else seem to be competent, Double Dragons are deadly, the end.Shots shots shots shots...
Killer wings, hefty nachos, many delicious beers (60 taps!) 
Also. 
Shots.Friendly staff, great deal.  They have happy hour every day from 3pm - 6:30. They have a good beer selection and apps too. 
We ordered calamari,  corn skewer,  and bacon wrapped quail egg skewers.  All were pretty good.  The calamari was only $3.50 during happy hour!  Yummy!I wasn't here for long, but it seemed to be a decent sports bar to gather to watch a game and/or have a few drinks with buddies.  The food was nothing to write about, good or bad, but the drinks were definitely on point (both beers & cocktails).  I would definitely like to try this bar again for a lengthier amount of time to give it a more thorough review, although, generally, I agree with its current ~3.5-star rating.I like the concept - chinese food and good beer are two of my favorite things in life and what could be better idea than to have both in the same place?    
HOWEVER, the service sucks a giant egg roll.    Ate here on a slow, rainy Tuesday.  The place was no more than 1/4 of the way full.  It was a slow night.  After waiting about 15-20 minutes to order, I finally got up and ordered my food at the hostess stand.  wtf.   I had heard service was pretty abysmal and the reviews on here seem to support that, but I had hoped that since this place has been open for a bit now, that service had improved.
Go if you have more patience than I do.  The food we ordered was pretty good and came out fast - thai curry mussels, wasabi shumai, beef udon noodles, and duck dumplings.   But after it arrived, we never saw the waitress again.  In fact, I'm not even sure we had a waitress or a waiter.Pretty nice place. Simple gastropub/bar, most of the foods are asian influenced bar foods. 
Clean and good customer service, everyone was just so nice and friendly! Fairly priced bar food/appetizers. 
I tried the kimchi pizza which was surprising good, but not amazing. I don't know if I would order it again but curiosity is what got me in the first place so I just wanted to try it. 
A friend order the mussels which had good flavor but they use the asian style mussels which are larger, more orange, and contain more of the sea flavor. I don't care for those asian mussels but the flavor of the sauce was delish! 
I would go back again if it was convenient.New and improved, formerly Tazia. The beer selection is awesome and decently priced. They kept some of my favorite things about the place--happy hour on weekdays from 3:30-6:30pm and again from 10pm-12am on most nights, as well as some of great things on the menu (calamari, edamame, and dumplings). In addition to the great selection of beers they added new things to the menu that are decent. You should definitely try their mini-banh mi and the quail egg wrapped in bacon :) 
The service has been decent. Since they re-opened, they've hired new people and it was clear there was a learning curve. However, it's gotten a lot better the past few times I'he gone back. When it's busy, it can get really tough to get their attention though.
Also a great place to watch sports. It gets really packed during big events so I'd get in early if you want a place!Service: Admittedly, myself and seven drunken college kids came here for happy hour a while back and the servers were more than accommodating. We got our food and drink, ate, and left within an hour and ended up paying less than $25 per person. I'm still in awe about my experience here. 
Food: I got several of the skewers and the calamari. My favorite were the quail egg skewers. What made me ecstatic, was that I probably ate twice as much as I should have, but still only managed to spend about $20-25. One would think quality would take a hit with prices that low but that is definitely not the case at BarLy. 
Environment: I came in expecting the typical golden tapestry and dragons just like almost every other restaurant or bar in Chinatown. Nope. This is a sports bar and a real one at that. TV screens and wooden furnishing everywhere. We unfortunately didn't have enough time to relax, but I will definitely be back for another happy hour when I have more time to kill.Happy hour in Chinatown? Why not....I live on the edge anyway, plus the advertised specials written on the windows were inviting.
TVs everywhere! There had to be no less than 15 huge TVs in this medium size bar! You hear that every bar in TX??? Take note, please! 
2 seats at the bar - Curtis was our bartender. He was the BEST part of our visit, although the Great Lakes Porter he recommended was a close second. The calamari was weird, thin, small strips like shoestring fries - skip them - but the sweet potato fries were good. Service was on point; there when we needed him and not there when we wanted to hangout. Answered questions and gave us advice about the city (thanks for telling us we missed the free food at the fall festival, Curtis)
3 beers, 2 apps = $20 plus tip. That's a pretty good deal for decent food, good beer and great service. Recommended!OK so here's the sitch! I am not a big bar guy as I tend to dislike drunk people,  overly loud music, and on any given night the vast majority of humanity. So this is not my kind of place and admittedly that colors my opinion.
That being said,  this place is a Dragon Ball Z fusion gone horribly wrong.  The bar makes the dining area look like an after thought. In fact if they didn't have a window advertisement for my favorite Japanese beer I wouldn't have stopped in at all. 
It's very "trendy". I did get my beer,  and ordered an appetizer,  this is where things got weird.  I ordered steamed dumplings, what arrived was gyoza. I looked at the waiter  (absolutely no personality BTW), then I looked at the menu.  Gyoza wasn't even on the menu!  Which meant that's what they were serving as dumplings *banged head on keyboard* 
Against my better judgement I ordered dinner but decided to play it safe after the "dumplings". So I went with the teriyaki chicken. It was a HUGE portion of baked chicken covered in Buffalo Wild Wings "asain zing" sauce.  I don't mean something similar,  I mean the exact same sauce! 
All in all not the best place for dinner.  Maybe if you're into the loud and rowdy scene this will be your place,  but to quote Detective Murtaugh from Lethal Weapon. I'm too old for that @$!#This place has changed their names and food more than any other place I know.  Does it get better nah!!!  Save your money and go somewhere that's more consistent.
There drinks are weak the food pricey. 
Go if you must but only for happy hour. Other than that not worth it.Looking for one last stop near our hotel, we came into BarLy. And it did its job. 
Place isn't anything special, but if you're looking to just get a drink, it'll do the job. The beer selection didn't rock my world, but they did have one seasonal beer I was excited to see on the menu. 
It's an alright spot, but don't expect any magic here.Love this place! They have a great selection of beer and prices aren't bad. There are huge TVs covering the walls, so if you're into sports, I imagine it's a good place to watch games.
The happy hour special is a good for both drinks and food. Try the bacon wrapped quail egg! 
The bartenders are always friendly and attentive. My friends and I were doing the World's Largest Bar Crawl a few weeks ago,  and I called ahead with a question. The person who answered the phone didn't know,  but he offered to find out for me if I called back in a few minutes. Typically, if people don't know the answer, that'll be it. I was just pleasantly surprised.The ups?  Great location, LOVE the daily double happy hour deals ($3 select beers/cheap appetizers), decent food, nice beer selection, yadda yadda yadda. 
The downs?  The service sucked!
I was there on a Wednesday afternoon - the place was crowded but there did seem to be a lot of staff running around. My friends and I sat at the bar - clearly visible to the bartenders, however, it took forever to get our drinks, and we were only drinking beer.  Imagine if we were ordering crazy cocktails or something! And I get it - it's busy, but it was still an unreasonable amount of time to have to wait for each round.  Plus the lack of eye contact, smile, nod - not even an "I'll be right with you" type of thing.  Not quite a deal breaker, but it was a total turn off.    
I will go back because I did like it a lot, but I will keep my fingers crossed that service is better and the bartenders are more efficient next time.I love this bar for its food and drink specials but the servers are a different story. I came in here for just a drink and some quail eggs and we had a server that not only got off his shift and sat at the bar to start drinking as we're still waiting on our food, but then we had to flag someone else down since our table was left without any service for almost half an hour. Mind you, this was a Wednesday night so there were maybe 10 patrons inside the entire place. 
On top of having to get up and flag a server down, he came over and rolled his eyes at us when we told him we asked the original server for separate checks. 
Get it together, guys! Your beer selection and food is way too great to have these type of people working at your bar.Yoo hoo! Great place to watch sporting events and even better place to down some good food while watching those sporting events.First experience, five stars. Second experience, wtf. This is long, bear with me. I was hungry and pissed. That's pissed x2.
My first time here was cool. It was pretty busy as it was during happy hour. I loved the prices and selection, the food and drinks were good. I thought I found my new spot.
UNTIL - I tried to put more of my friends on to this place and it was a major fail. My friends and I (5 of us) drove here on this particular day and parked in a lot around the corner for the hour. We assumed we would only need the hour because it was almost 1pm on a Sunday and BarLy was EMPTY. One of my friends also had a 2pm Greyhound to catch so the hour was all we really had. When we got inside, it was 12:59pm. I didn't feel the need to let them know we only had an hour because there were literally only two other people in the whole spot.
It was randomly freezing outside so I was entirely shocked when the employee glanced around the entire EMPTY room and sat us at the table RIGHT NEXT TO the door. Okay. We asked to move of course.
We ordered around 1:06pm (I was on snapchat heavy during this experience so I was able to provide the receipts on how ridiculous this experience was when I confronted them later on. Thanks snap!) and we all ordered small things. Wings, dumplings, fries. That's about it.
The water service was impeccable. Every time I took a sip, the girl was right over me refilling that sip. Every. Time.
1:30pm - No food. So I ask about it "oh it should be coming out soon."
1:40pm - Two plates of wings come out, without the side of fries. There's still 3 plates that are nowhere to be found. At this point we had to ask for the rest of the food to come out boxed and the check.
1:50pm - The fries come out. Still waiting on the rest of the food.
We literally didn't get the food until almost 2 o'clock. My whole thing is, we came together. We want to eat together. What makes you think we wanted our plates to come out 20 minutes apart, I do not understand. IT IS EMPTY IN HERE.
When I confronted the staff, I got a lot of shocked faces and "oh my goodness!" exclamations. The excuse was that they were preparing for a huge party and the kitchen was backed up. I personally don't care about the party that was not there considering .. they were not there. If the kitchen was backed up someone should have told us that so I didn't have to waste my time. When I asked to speak to a manager, I was denied, but was told by our waiter (a guy) that he wouldn't charge my friend for the bottle of water she ordered (LOL WTF) and he would give us a discount. The bill came, no discount.
After all that, I couldn't eat with my friends, had to eat my wings separate from my fries, was annoyed by the water girl, saw no manager and only got a free bottle of water. What is the joke? Never coming here again.Best sports bar in Chinatown. Food is asian fusion pub fare. Plenty of seating and TVs to watch sports.Wow, move over Tazia, because Barly is the place to be. Sixty beers on tap in Chinatown? I am in heaven. This place has a great Asian-inspired menu with plenty of bar snacks that will suit anybody. 
I had the most original and amazing dish here: KIMCHI PIZZA! I swear, it sounds gross, but it was so good. Topped with a little bit of sriracha and my taste buds were flying! 
Tazia absolutely needed a renovation and I think they went in the right direction. I am not a fan of sports bars and the number of TV's in here is distracting and overwhelming, but I'm sure this is a huge plus for sports fans. I think this would be a perfect place for happy hour, but not if you are looking for a quiet dinner. Either way, I can't wait to have my kimchi pizza again!I want to like this place. I really do. It's right down the street from my place, and it looks so nice inside, but I just can't. It's always something in here. This most recent visit for happy hour and to watch the world cup, I had the joy of a drink broken and spilled all over me by the bartender. Ok. Stuff like that happens. I get it. He was apoplectic. In any other instance that's happened, I've been at least comped a drink. Here? Nothing. Just a pair of wet shorts to walk around in the rest of the night. After complaining, and a confused look from the manager, I was given a minor discount off the bill.  Thanks for the great customer service. (Sarcasm) 
With all the other places in the area, go somewhere that makes decent food, has decent beer, and cares about their customers.Now, I must preface this review with the fact that I do not usually write reviews; however, when one receives exceptional service I feel that those responsible should be acknowledged and Jaime, the bartender at Bar-Ly, is perhaps the best I have ever encountered. She is efficient, knowledable, and personable. Do yourself a favor and go to Bar-Ly and see Jaime, you won't be sorry.Pretty good list of beer on tap, especially for a sports bar.  Lots of variety.
A lot of TVs, all high up, so you can see them even if there are a lot of people in the way.  When we were there, there was an arm wrestling competition on, super strange, but mesmerizing.  
We came by here after checking out the tattoo convention.  It seemed a lot of other people did too, as it was packed.  Service was a bit slower than I would have liked, especially because we had a train to catch, but I'm sure this was due to the unexpectedly large crowd.  
There aren't many beer bars in this area, so I would definitely give this place a try again.  I can't see myself ever eating here, because there is way too much good food in this area.Good service,  great place to watch a game,  comfortable unlike other sports bars in the city,  really good happy hour,  good value,  a lot of different beers on tap.... only negative,  some of the food is hit or miss,  but everything else is fantasticThey have around 60 beers on tap and their 50/50 burger (half beef and half pork belly) is incredibly understated, more delicious than most burgers I've had in the city, and it's only 9 dollars.  They have great happy hours too.Went here for the first time yesterday to kill some time before the Chris D'Elia show at the Troc. Pretty neat place with a great atmosphere. A lot of beers to choose from (another plus). After ordering a drink, we got some food. The mini nacho bowl was huge, but that's at. Not enough cheese or toppings. My buffalo chicken bites tasted like they came from a frozen box and the chicken was a bit chewy or freezer burned. So if you're looking for a good spot for happy hour then Bar-Ly is definitely a great place. For food, I'd probably head anywhere else.Touted as the only sports bar in Chinatown, and that is definitely true. Not a sports fan but it's an exciting environment nonetheless. A TON of great beers on draft and the Happy Hour menu is amazing. They also do a fantastic booze soaked pineapple shot- not sure what exactly is in it- but it's potent! 
Favorite dishes- bacon wrapped soft boiled quail eggs, shrimp pouches, beef skewers, and the electric lemonade!!Fun sports bar with great beers and decent food. Service was quick and attentive..I would come back .. good mix of clienteleI come to Bar-Ly really often and always sit at the bar with Jaime. She is so delightful and always knows my drink without me even asking. I rarely have to wait long for a drink and she is so personable.  I have also came to Bar-Ly and sat at tables and had not such exemplary service. We waited a long time for drinks and food. Jaime is definitely an asset to your restaurant.For so many 60? taps, the beer selection was not that great. I'd say only about 20% were out of the ordinary. The happy hour draft selections(3$) sucked for the most part, and are served in 12 oz. glasses, not pints. My Sixpoint Sweet Action tasted like the taps hadn't been cleaned in a while. Shawnee fared a bit better as one of the more interesting( non happy hour) choices.
The food looked O.K. Nothing about this place really appealed to me except maybe the TVs. Too bad they were all tuned into sports channels. Oh right, this is a sports bar. Or is it an Asian fusion gastropub? I don't think so, but I'll pass on by as I usually do on my frequent stops in Chinatown.This place has the best happy hour in the city of Philadelphia. And the best happy hour menu . Went there with 3 friends we paid less than 40 bucks drinks were flowing food was coming so inexpensive but high quality. Definitely try the sliders amazing. If you're talking about a sports bar this is sports bar on steroids they got TV's and side of TV's they took a whole bunch of TV's and made a big TV it's amazing if you're into sports this is your kind of place. If you're into happy hour which is every day every day you've got to try this place out 330 to 630 wonderful.Excellent atmosphere, great happy hour, excellent bar tenders.  Flat screens throughout the bar, plenty of seating.  Highly recommended to have drinks.This is the place for a Philly cheese steak and great service. Forget going to Geno's or Pat's across from Geno's.  Bar Ly cheese steak sandwich taste like real steak, the bread was soft, and the steak had flavor.This is just a review on the happy hour menu and pricing. 
Three of us went here for some happy hour drinks and appetizers and were more than happy. The prices were awesome, $47 for three people for 6 drinks and four appetizers, not bad for center city. The Martinis were strong and delicious, we had the electric lemonade and them luscious lychee. For food we tried the cheesesteak spring rolls, sweet wings, fried calamari, and shrimp dumplings. The spring rolls were way better than many other variations I've had of the same, as they are were fried well and not filled with anything other than some delicious gold old cheesesteak meat.  The wings were definitely the star, as they were fried crispy and had just enough sauce on them. The dumplings were pretty good, nothing fancy, but definitely tasty. I'm not a fan of calamari, but there were no complaints from the others. 
Definitely a nice atmosphere and the bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive. Will most definitely be back again!I'm familiar with the previous entities at this location, and after hearing it was being remade into a bar with 60 beers on tap, I was excited to check it out on its opening day.
The good; This place has happy hour on weekends. That's pretty clutch. Not many places in the have this. Happy hour prices are very reasonable too - and include some small food dishes.
It does have 60 beers on tap, but nothing too wild. Prices on the beer is priced well for the most part. There are some beers that are usually more expensive other places, that are cheaper here - but other generic beers that are usually cheaper elsewhere (A pint of Miller Light, or Yuengling really shouldn't be 5$ in my opinion.) 
The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and attentive.
I'm digging the way they redid the place with all the wood. It looks nice! Lots of TVs to watch sports on. It seems this place is geared to being a sports bar, not a fancy beer place as one might have assumed by the name and the amount of beers on tap.
The not so good; The food was only so-so. The menu seems to be a mix of Asian and American dishes - similar to the previous places here. I will say, its kinda nice going to a sports bar with other choices then just fried whatevers and nachos.  
The kitchen. Maybe it was because they're still getting their stuff in order, but after 30 minutes of not getting my Spicy Tuna Roll, I told them to just forget about it. The table next to us had issues too.
In short. Would I come here for dinner? Nah. 
Would I come here for happy hour? Maybe...Why not. I live down the street and is very convenient. 
Would I come here to watch a game with friends? Yup.
Im sure ill be trying it again. Hopefully some of the kinks will be worked out by then.This is a very run of the mill sports bar located just north of the convention center. Service was decent, but the food was very uninspired.Don't be deceived or waste your time here for restaurant week.  
Service was terrible when the restaurant was about 10 percent to capacity.  The waiters were either standing around talking or nowhere to be found. We had to chase down our waiter to order.  Beers took approximately 20 minutes to arrive. Then, it took them 45 minutes, even after complaining to the wait staff, to serve us our appetizers. We waited an additional 30-40 minutes between the last 3 courses. 
The restaurant week menu was average for everything but the main course. Both the lobster and crab dishes were horribly over cooked. The meat was either boiled off or boiled to a rubbery substance. 
Total cost of a restaurant week menu order + 1 beer = $50. Never again. If I could give this restaurant zero stars I would.Needed a quick happy hour spot near Field House, and this amazing gem appeared on my Yelp app. And I thank you for recommending it!
Many affordable food and drink options, and most under $5. Easy on my wallet, not so easy on what to decide. Our table of three decided to get a mix of everything: crab ravioli, spicy tuna roll, salmon roll, duck dumplings, and some spring rolls. Sushi was less than par, but the crab ravioli and dumplings were dee-vine. Delicious, rich morsels of flavor. 
Oh, and how could I forget the beer menu? I hope they keep my favorites on there: La fin du monde, three philosophers, and chimay tripel. I love my Belgians. These beers weren't on special, but go ahead and treat yourself. :)The best place to go for happy hour drinks with your friends or co workers! Amazing drink specials, delicious affordable appetizers and wonderful service. Formerly Tazia, Bar-Ly is managed by the  same owner and has some new additions to space but still those familiar touches that made you love Tazia in the first place. Amazing. Enjoy!Came here for hh. The drinks were okay as the prices are great but the quality, not so much. I ordered the pineapple martini and there wasn't much pineapple in it. I got the wings which were on the small side and fries. The fires were alright. This places seems great as there is lot of hh food items and drinks. I would explore other places. The service was alright though.A hidden gem.. Great drink and food specials everyday 330-630.. Food is decent for the price.. Great atmosphere to watch the games!  We will definitely be backSolid happy hour and great atmosphere. A typical bar selection for food with an Asian twist on some items... And surprisingly some of the best pizza in the immediate area (after the terminal closes). The beer selection is where BarLy really shines. While it's not all craft, there are a few rarities and lots of local/regional beers. I would love to see PBC beers on tap here in the future. There are also standard beers that will please your Midwestern dad, too, so everyone in your party can be happy. 
The place is family owned and operated, so don't be surprised to experience service similar to smaller restaurants. Lots of people check in on you throughout your meal that aren't your waiter, often including the owner himself.
Overall, great place to grab a beer and food and usually easier to find a spot here than field house, which is the most comparable bar nearby. Also much more affordable than FH!
To other reviewers: don't try to order off the happy hour menu when it's not happy hour and get upset when it's not granted. This seems obvious to me, but I guess the concept doesn't click with some?Seems like a good place to meet, but i would eat somewhere else before coming.  
We stopped by for a quick meal here since it's close to the train station and had a varied menu. We had calamari, Caesar salad, wings and chicken fingers with fries. None of the dishes had flavor and actually all tasted the same (like oil). 
Keeping in mind this is more of a sports bar than a family dining place I wanted to give this place a break. But after reviewing the craft beer list (nothing special - pretty mainstream stuff here) I was let down again. 
Final straw, was the condition of the washroom. I can't think of a better term than nasty!
I give it two stars - if you come on a full stomach and you bring friends you'll be ok. Just drink and watch the game.Came here on opening day.  Great spot for an American sports bar atmosphere to watch the games, definitely a better alternative than Field House down the block.  However, that's about it.  
Plus: 
Atmosphere  - beautiful wood floors, decor, tables & chairs.  
Service - was greeted immediately upon entrance.  Also our waitress was very very sweet, very attentive, and always checked back on us.  Even for opening day, you would expect the servers to be crazy busy and hectic, but that was not the case.  She was great!
Duck Dumplings - the duck was really tasty inside the dumpling with great flavor, but the mushroom sauce on top was way too salty.  
Minus:
Draft beer selection - this was the biggest let-down of the entire place.  I was so excited for 60 taps, probably the largest in the city next to city tap house in university city.  I was very disappointed..  they had 60 taps of your usual suspects .  Sure, they covered all basis (wheats, IPAs, ales, lagers, stouts), but out of 60 taps, NOTHING was rare, everything you can find in the corner beer store.  Check the beer menu of the photo I uploaded... out of 60 beers, nothing rare for the "gastropub beer snob" like me.  
Glassware - another downfall... for 60 draft beers, I would expect to be served in the proper glassware.  Yes, I know, this is a sports bar and not a gastropub, but if you are promoting 60 taps, you should be aware that you're going to attract some avid beer drinkers.  My Three Philosophers served in an iced beer mug was just plain strange, and almost unacceptable.  Get some tulip glasses, rocks glasses, or hell even a wine glass!
Food Menu - the menu is all over the place. Its an odd mix of American vs. Chinese.  You can get anything from burgers to cheesesteaks to pizza to dumplings to lo mein.  Very odd.  I would recommend finding a niche in one or the other.
Overall, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere was great.  The huge flat-screen TVs were great to watch sports games.  The food, just OK, and the beer selection sub-par.  I'd come back to party with friends, but I won't come back if I'm looking for a good meal or rare beers.Great place to watch a game. Not as great if you have anything else on your agenda. 
TVs are everywhere and they get every single channel, so you're guaranteed to catch any event your heart desires - from football to cricket to the international crocheting championship. They have a lot of beer available (60 taps!), though for having so many taps, the actual selection could be better. Food is interestingly mediocre at best (the Asian fusion stuff), and blandly forgettable at worst (the typical bar food). Nothing on the menu I would particularly recommend, this is just fare that you absentmindedly consume during commercial breaks anyway. There is happy hour every day, specials for big sports nights, and frequently a late night happy hour.
This isn't your scene if you're trying to play the role of a foodie or a beer snob. But if you're looking for a nice space to yell in unison and slap palms with other sports fans, Bar Ly is a fun time! 
(then walk ten steps in any direction for much tastier food)This is a cool place.   It has a wall of beers on tap.  The food is really good.   I've been there a few times.  The ill-named 50/50 burger (so-called b/c is half beef and half pork belly).  I also life the salt and pepper wings and the lo mein is fantastic.Where do I start?! I love coming to barly the atmosphere is great the staff are welcoming and not overwhelming. The food is great! I've tried almost everything on their menu and was not disappointed. The drinks are good and wide selection on beers. They have great happy hours! I highly recommend this place.I stumbled on this place by accident in philly. I ordered the suck pizza which left something to be desired. Ehhhh...This place is just meh. I came here twice and the place has a good vibe and beer selection but the food is mediocre at best. Had the barly burger and it was quite dry, the fries were soggy, and the mozzarella sticks tasted something like from the microwave.Me and my girlfriend went for a happy hour. The food was delicious. We had the golden bags,  vegetable spring rolls, and chicken bites. They were definitely well priced and cooked perfectly.  However, the service was below average.  The amount of patrons to bartenders was almost the same yet I had to wait a decent amount to get attention of the bartender serving me. Plus, they were not friendly to talk to giving short responses and the feeling they were snobby. I'd like to try this again when there is something more exciting like sunday football where it could be busier and the atmosphere may be improved. Overall, happy hour food was great. Service below average.This was not good.
Happy hour on a Wednesday- place was maybe 1/3 full and service was really slow. Drinks were fine.
Buffalo chicken bites- all breading, no heat at all
Mushroom dumplings- could have bought them at costco
Calamari- mostly salt, not much squid
Summer rolls- mostly lettuce, shrimp may have been imitation so I picked it out
I feel like this place would be on one of those food network shows that comes in to fix a place that thinks it's good but really it is terrible.I love this bar, and will go out of my way to end the night here. Prices are good, their food is AMAZING, a huge selection of beer on tap, and great service. Tons of TVs and lively atmosphere during sporting events. You might consider getting there early, though, as it gets pretty busy, but for good reason, and it's totally worth it.This place has typical Chinese restaurant offerings but caters a little more to Americans. There is a large bar and plenty of tv's with sports channels. It is quite spacious with large windows. They have a fairly decent drink selection but the food was nothing special. If you are looking for something a bit more authentic with food that isn't bland, I would probably choose another one of the many restaurants in Chinatown.Stopped in here to pre-game before the Eagles game. Awesome beer .great appetizers and friendly staff. Definitely worth a stop.2 and a half stars, maybe.
Came here for the first Eagles game of the season, and it was packed. Pretty much your run-of-the-mill sports bar, with a decent amount of seating and a decent beer selection. TVs everywhere. So why the 'meh' review, you might ask?
The service was slow and spotty, which is understandable considering how many people were there for the game, buuuuut... kinda seems like the kind of place that should be used to crowds/should have figured out how to deal by now.
Secondly, the food menu is oddly diverse, but I couldn't bring myself to try any food since the girls that we met there said they had just seen a mouse scurry across the floor moments prior to our arrival. I get it, we're in a city, these things happen, but still. I'll pass. 
Finally, the only drink specials for the game were coors light and Heineken, neither of which I'm a huge fan of. 
SoooOOo in conclusion, I'm thinkin I'll be heading elsewhere for the next game.BEST HAPPY HOUR IN THE CITY!! The happy hour menu is nuts!! Everything is tasty and the staff is the best. The food is always served fast and hot with generous portions. A huge bar plus other seating available as well. The bathrooms are even nice! They offer as many beers as you can think of and they have tons of TVs so you'll never miss anything from any games that are on. It's my go-to bar when I'm in center city/Chinatown.Great spot for a casual night out with friends.  Their beer selection is very impressive. They serve several seasonal brews. I had Mad Elf and it was great! 
The service was friendly and fast! I will def. be back when I'm in this area of the city.Great sports bar with cheap food after 10 pm! The food is the typical bar food, wings, sliders, mozzarella sticks, etc. Good beer selection, plenty of space and televisions to watch the game on!It's actually a really great spot if your expectations are to watch a game (there are TV's literally circling the entire large room) and have a few beers.  I was hoping for more Asian beers but they only had the standards (Asahi, Tiger, Kirin).  Does much exist beyond this?  I would like to know.  But the full list is impressive and a bit unique for the neighborhood so credit to them there.
Food was weak - "Korean bulgogi" is just a cheesesteak with kimchi toosed on top.  Not bad, not great.  Fries sucked.  Vietnamese spring roll was fried, indistiguishable inside.  Duck dumpling was...I don't know what it was.  But there are plenty of better, even cheaper spots in around for this type of thing.I was lead here due to talks about their Happy Hour specials.
Beer Flights for $5, Wine flights for $5?
Sold.
They have a huge beer selection! OH,MY!
My recommendations are, "Wells Banana Bread" beer,
                                         "Omegang 3 philosophers" beer
The only appetizers I have tried were the salmon roll, Calamari, and Crab Ravioli. 
The sushi was a no for me(but I'm picky with sushi). The Crab Ravioli was A++ . Calamari with sweet chile sauce was a no for me. (Again, good calamari can be hard to achieve)
Great crafts, relax atmosphere, down to earth staffs.
See you guys at Happy Hour!Great Happy Hour! It's pretty much the same as it was when it was called "Tazia" besides a huge renovation. I like the chicken and beef sticks & the shrimp tempura rolls. Nothing extravagant, but it does the job after a long day at work!Bar Ly is not your grandmother's Chinatown. Or at least not the traditional style Chinatown restaurant my grandmother used to visit when she lived in Philly. The vibe is sports bar meets trendy meets Chinatown.
I've been to Bar Ly several times before but finally got to really sample the menu this past Saturday night. My husband and I grabbed a seat at the bar right before the end of happy hour, and were immediately greeted by the bartender and made aware of happy hour. Within minutes, we placed our food and drink orders; in addition to one extra drink to be ordered at happy hour price and served when we were ready. 
I could have had the Lychee Martini all day long! It was sweet, strong and everything a good lychee martini should be. The happy hour price is $4 but the regular price of $8.50 is still a steal for a martini. Past visits I've indulged in their fairly large beer offerings.
So back to the food... 
We were looking to eat tapas style and not sure exactly how much food we should get. The bartender was able to make suggestions and we ended up with the perfect amount of food. So we ordered a cheese steak spring roll, spicy tuna roll, chicken skewer, beef skewer, edamame, duck dumpling and wasabi shumai. That really sounds like a ton of food but it was perfect for a tapas style dinner for two. 
The standout by far was wasabi shumai. It had a really great kick of wasabi. The cheese steak spring roll was pretty good too, it reminded me of the one at Davio's. Everything else was pretty standard but I enjoyed the overall package. 
Our bartender was also just a really nice person. We weren't even trying to take a selfie, but she just randomly offered to take our picture.
So now I've had a chance to visit Bar Ly to watch an Eagles game, go out on a weekend night and catch a weekend happy hour. It's a fun scene and not the traditional atmosphere I think of when I typically think of Chinatown. There's no doubt I'll be back.Let's start by I attended Saturday afternoon during  the Philly Flower show and St Patty's Day celebration. The wait was 25 minutes they did call to inform table was available. Once seated order was taken beverages were not brought out to the table correctly, my son did not receive his soda till after the entree came. NEVER received my hot tea with lemon and sugar. Burnt to a crisp almost unrecognizable chicken fingers and Korean pork chops with rice the worst I've ever tasted!!! Still sick the next dayLate night happy hour is wonderful. My friends and I did flights of beer for $6. Not terrible, the price varies. I didn't order food, but I appreciated their beer list. The bar is fairly large with a back room for private parties.There is a real New York neighborhood bar feel here. I remember places like this scattered all over Murray Hill from my time back in New York.
There is a very big beer selection. A decent amount of unique things. I stuck to the triples and quadruples, they were fun.
This is a solid place for a cheaper night with friends. I would compare the atmosphere to Dueling Pianos, just without the pianos.Really like this sports bar and heard it gets pretty rowdy / borderline trashy during big Philly sports games!
Fun, relaxed, casual but not too causal atmosphere and a large open space with a deeper colors/dark woods color scheme. Better ambiance inside than outside on the street. Chinatown is fantastic in general albeit sketchy in some areas as with any urban area.
Was happy to see their beer selections -- some of the things they have on tap here are very hard to find on tap else where in the city. Would definitely come back!Came here with my boyfriend to watch the playoffs between Rockets and Golden state for Memorial Day. Really enjoyed this bar. Their appetizer menu is really extensive so we ordered a lot of different foods including crab pizza (which was so yummy), sushi, dumplings, quesadillas and wings. I ordered the raspberry drinkitini which had raspberry lacquer, vodka and cranberry juice. This actually tasted a lot like a jello. Our waiter was so nice and attentive. He kept coming to our table to ask if we were ok and make conversation. This restaurant got packed really quickly but it is quite big and there were are so many tvs! Very comfortable, cozy feel here! Definitely would recommend it and can't wait to come back again!Happy Hour is a joke!  10 oz for $3 regular price is 16 oz for $5. Save a whole $0.20, do the oz math.  If your beer is not on the select list of HH special just ask the next bartender it might be.   Half a sushi roll for $3?  What is the city price on a whole spicy tuna roll?  Upside nice looking sports bar with 60 taps.  Probably good enough just not Happy Hour.Came here a week or so back with a few friends for a friend's birthday celebrations. The specials were decent. Our server was all over the place and it seemed like he might have been new. Happy Hour menu was confusing and I ended up ordered a beer that I thought was on special and actually wasn't.I was there last week and ordered a beer during happy hour.  I had 2 sips and then a cockroach crawled up to me.  Ordered check immediately, paid, and left.I'd give this place a 4/5. The atmosphere was cool and I'd def come again and recommend to ppl. One thing I will say was that they say subhead the door and it was cold as shit tonight. Every time someone came in I felt like I was outside; wild. And the food was okay. It could've been better but I was fed. This is a place to go to get drinks. Eat first then get small things like fires and skewers when your drug. Overall fun and I'll be back again!We hoped to find someone with a Saturday happy hour starting around 3:30 or 4.  Amazingly enough, Bar Ly has a Saturday happy hour from 3:30 to 6:30.  So that was good.  Unfortunately, the cocktails were mostly, or entirely, pre-made, so, while the intriguing-sounding Luscious Lychee Martini can't be blamed on Bar Ly directly --  they are guilty of serving it.  "Worse than drain-cleaner," my wife said after tasting the one I had ordered.  Don't know how she knows, but I suspect she is right.  I couldn't drink even half of it, and felt nauseated for another hour after.  I had tried a glass of Riesling before that, but it was sour-tasting.  Meanwhile, a woman down the bar a few places couldn't put three words together without an S- or an F-curse, which got old fast.  There are loads of TVs around, but as luck would have it, the one in front of us was showing skinny bizarros weighing in for kick-boxing bouts or something.  Three strikes, we were out of there.  The second star above is added because at least Bar Ly is trying with those happy hour times.Bar- ly has 60 drafts, 20 large screen tv's and a great happy hour from 3:30-6:30 and 10-12pm! The servers are friendly and attentive, you can tell everyone is happy to work here. I like sitting at the bar and looking at the draft selections. It is an impressive selection and definitely fits in to the taste of everyone. If anyone says otherwise then they are being too snobby. The food is delicious ! (I recommend the pizza or chicken sandwich). Overall, if you need a beer or quick bite, I recommend this place!Our company had a party here recently and I felt that the staff here was so nice and very helpful! They made sure we got all of our orders and drinks even though it was so loud in our private room. Food and drinks came very quick, which is great because it was very busy that night and we had a lot of people on our side as well. The fries and selection of their bottled drinks are very impressive! I love the selection of bar food as well, not at all boring. I'd probably just come for a food if I wanted to! It's definitely got that sports bar feel, but this place offers karaoke as well... at least in the private room we had has karaoke. I am not sure about the other parts of the bar. I'm very pleased with the service and the quality of everything in this place. It's also nicer than many of the other bars and lounges that are in Chinatown, in my opinion. Give this place a try! It's definitely worth it.I never even heard of this place until my friend started working here. I like how they have two happy hours. I go to the trocodaro allot for shows so this will be my too go spot to pre game. The owner is really cool and gives comp shots if he knows you. The servers are really nice. The food is amazing and the draft beers have allot to choose from. Over all not a bad spot for drinks and food.The front Hostess Gave me a menu with an option for 6 wings
The poor waitress  Came to take that menu away because it was past 7
The New menu only had an  option for 10 wings.
I asked if they could give me a half order, since I wanted a  sandwich also. 
I  was told no by the waitress,and that she would get into trouble. She had already gotten in trouble for giving us beer specials that were on that menu. 
I really wanted to try the habenero wings. But didn't want to carry left over food around the car show all night.  
I Mean no big deal, but what is it, Is my money not green enough?  Would I have upset the chicken wing council in the back?
Someone should tell them to empower their wait staff to make small exceptions.  This is how you get bad reviews on yelp.  It's just not worth it. If someone wants to buy wings off you, sell them the wings.  
Also why was the waitress so afraid to accommodate me? I blame management. 
Food was fine.  Beer was good.Sport bar in Chinatown is the best idea ever!  Watch all the games on numerous flat screens around the bar. The 60+ beers on tap is a dream come true! Try the  burger!!You have no idea how sad I am that I accidentally deleted the pictures ! I LOVE this place ! Once you walk in , you feel welcomed & relaxed . I love the menu , ESPECIALLY the apps & happy hour . There's a bar & tables so you can stop for a drink or sit and dine . Try it out & I guarantee you'll be back !Three reasons to check out BarLy: Great happy hour specials (food & drink), beer selection, and atmosphere. 
We've been here a few times and food has always been good. I recommend the pork dumplings, cheesesteak spring rolls, and old bay fries. Excellent! We were here last night and although the happy hour specials were about to end, our waiter honored them (the pricing) anyway. Nice guy. 
The beer selection (especially what's on tap) is great. A lot to choose from, and great prices.
The place has a neat vibe to it - great place to meet with friends after work, or just to hang out late night. 
Overall, highly recommended.Food is nothing special-- but inexpensive and a nice change from traditional bar food-- Asian food is nice with a beer too! Large beer selection -- lots of tvs-- big, spacious room.One of my most frequented bars. It's a pretty decent size no matter how big your group is and they have a late night happy hour during the week (10p-12a). They also have great oysters (almost exclusively James river) for a buck a shuck during happy hour. Not where you might expect to have oysters but as a connoisseur (I frequent oyster house and devon's), they're really good. The bartenders are dope and it's generally just a great time. Oh, it's also a sports bar and they have a shit ton of TVs so good place to watch a game or meet strangers.Bar Ly is a great addition to Chinatown.  I didn't know what I wanted to order when I went to the bar, but the bartender was so friendly and she told me the specials.  I order a beer she recommended and sat down at the bar.  I loved the amount of TVs they had in here and the different types of games they had on.  I was only here for one drink, but I'll definitely come back.I came here on Sunday night, Valentine's Day with a group of 11 people. Place was pretty empty, we ordered some appetizer, drinks and food. Plates began to arrive except for mine. So as I waited patiently, we asked the waiter if he could check on my burger, he comes back to tell me he forgot to place my order. By that time everyone was halfway done with their food. So to conclude this review I didn't have any dinner on Valentine's Day thanks to our waiter.
On a good note, I must say they have an excellent beer selection!Lil Curtis jaime and robyn are the best people ever. Best service I had at 130am and especially in philly !!Good times good food and beer!!What a difference Bar-ly is compared to Tazia. This is no longer a dark, karoake/restaurant/bar. Bar-ly is now an awesome sports bar with an amazing beer-on-tap selection. The restaurant is well-kit and all the taps you see at the bar is just mesmerizing. 
I have yet to come here for a sports game, but I will as I'm intrigued with the menu, too. I've already had the 50-50 burger, which is delicious. It was cooked as requested (medium rare) and the burger was super juicy (due to the addition of pork belly I'm sure). The fries were okay; nothing to rave about. But I'm excited to have a few beers while trying the different kinds of wings on the menu during the next Eagles game.Great beer selection and decent prices. I was excepting maybe one token vegan food item, but there are actually many options, and the staff is very knowledgeable about those options.FINALLY! A restaurant in Chinatown that has more of a theme than red dragons and fried rice! Although, this newly renovated and renamed restaurant (from the previous Tazia to now Bar-Ly) does serve fried rice, you'll never guess what else they serve. 
Beer.
Lots and lots of beer...
SIXTY beers to be exact! And the best part? They're all on tap! This place is like that self-serve frozen yogurt wall but you'll have bartenders/servers (dressed in their restaurant named team football jerseys) to serve it for you. Don't believe me? The next time you decide to take a stroll in Chinatown or are finding somewhere to eat an drink, walk yourself into Bar-Ly on 11th and Arch and take a glance at their bar wall. You'll believe me when I tell you, it's like a gift from  Buddha himself.
HOWEVER -- if you aren't fond of loud atmospheres (considering it's a SPORTS BAR), dim lighting or the Eagles, you'll need to stay away from this place, especially on nights where the Philadelphia Eagles are playing. And besides, the owner and his massive amount of friends, likes to break out in their victory song after each touchdown. -- Other than that! Check this place out! Their food is good, the atmosphere is super chill and not to mention, they have TWO happy hour times ( 330p-630p and 10p-12a ). Best sports bar in Chinatown. Lols...I guess it's safe to say that Bar Ly is the first true Sports Bar in Philly Chinatown. I went there with some friends on a Monday Night which happens to be the same night the Eagles were playing. The Bar was packed and the vibe/atmosphere of the place felt like a real sports bar. The food, however, is not all that great but okay. We ordered the Mussels and Clams. One in a thai sauce and the other in a red tomato garlic sauce. The sauce was good, the problem was in the food quality. The clams and mussels were so small....... Wait let me speak the truth, they were so Tiny, that when it entered my mouth, i couldn't even tell what it was until I had to remind myself which one I picked up last. The Shanghai wings are a No No please don't order it if your Asian cause all I tasted was salty soy sauce. The BarLy Grassfed burger was alright, nothing spectacular to write home about. I think this place still has a lot of room for improvement on the food and I will be back to try others on the menu.I had a lot of fun coming to this spot for drinks after dinner. I ordered the dirty girl martini, which is basically just a regular martini. My friend tried the French kiss and it was like a cosmopolitan. The drinks were very reasonably priced. We were there for about four hours and the waiter was awesome. She was constantly refilling our water. She was very attentive even though we were just ordering drinks. I want to come back and try their happy hour!I'm in town for a conference and this cute little place was next to the convention center. Thought the beer selection was excellent and there was enough variety for my vegetarian friend to find something to eat. 
I would never recommend the fish ball skewers - oh so gross.
Everything else we had was great. Very much enjoyed it.I went there for happy hour with my friend and it was a great spot.  Tons of beer on tap, which I was super surprised about,  and the staff is nice.This was a suggestion by the hotel to watch some game my bf wanted to see so I figured I could have some bar food. Food was standard but the drinks were really good. I felt we ate so much and the bill was maybe $30 (I had 2 cocktails) def worth it!Not so bad.  Bunch of tv's good atmosphere,  nice selection of beers... wait staff very good and friendly, good happy hourWe stopped here for a bite and a beer after the Flower Show. The place was empty and the bartender seemed more interested in whatever else she was doing than waiting on us. But anyway once we got a few beers and some items from the happy hour menu we were very happy. The Banh Mi sandwich was delish!!!!!!!! Also tried the tempura sushi, tofu skewer and fish ball skewer and wasabi shumai. Those were pretty good (especially the shumai). Beer selection was excellent (and we're beer snobs).They have a decent late night happy hour but it can sometimes be limited in its offerings for the draft selections. The food is not amazing but it's not terrible. I wouldn't recommend it for the food, but they do have a decent draft list and plenty of TVs to watch games.They have a pretty good selection for happy hour that's definitely affordable. The food needs a bit of work (very small wings, lack of flavor to food, "stale" appeared) but their super large tv panel and happy hour prices make up for itBeen here a few times with friends, every time we go we enjoy it more and more. Menu is full of unexpected options, choices are eclectic yet comforting. Bar service is excellent! Past couple times in, we've had Jamie as our bartender. She was very attentive, extremely pleasant, and provided prompt service! Service such as that keeps us coming back!Bar-Ly the new, improved, and renovated Tazia. They definitely needed the improvement. Since opening day I've visited Bar-Ly twice. Both trip being a great trip. Not to mention the staffs are super friendly one of them being the bartender, Howard. He was very friendly and knowledgeable when it came to the drinks. 
I am loving their large variety of beers and the fact that they have more than one type of hard cider(hard cider fan here). 
The food was a 50/50 for me. Specifically the california roll which is made with real crab meat. It was simply bland, I don't know whether the rice was under season or there just wasn't enough texture in the sushi. There was maybe a small piece of avocado in it but it needed cucumber to balance the texture. The sriracha wings were delicious, nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It packed a lot of flavor. The banh mi was pretty good but it is a bit over priced. The vegetable spring roll was bland and a bit on the soggy side when it was served to me and that is a huge no no because I am a spring roll fanatic and I love it packed with flavor and crispy. The duck dumplings was delicious as usual. My boyfriend did enjoy the 50/50 burger, I did not get to taste it myself so I cannot comment on that. But overall the trips were enjoyable, I do look forward to my next trip.Good drink selection but the beer is mostly flat. I have been here twice and both times the beer has been flat. They have been real nice and have changed the beer but every time I ordered another bottled beer. Good for a bar for china town but save some money and go to the city.We got our orders really fast even though there were a lot of people there for the football game. Great great customer service as well!Bar Ly has 40 taps- none of which are that special. They have a wide offering of Asian and American food- none of which are exemplarily in their category. 
Don't get me wrong, there are GOOD beer options. I'm not going to go beer snob on an old favorite like the Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. However, that's a pretty common brew. The Lo Mein isn't bad, but there are other places in Chinatown that have an edge. 
It is a great place to watch Sunday football. There are many TVs showing the different games. Sunday football is best watching with a group, so it's good for a group too. That's what'll keep me going back. 
They also have daily happy hour specials. Although the food and drink aren't the best ever, the price is right and it's not a bad option for game-watching consumption.
Go Birds!HUGE beer selection and good food in a quasi-hipster space.
60 craft beers on tap!  Necessary beer menu nicely categorizes and gives brief descriptions.  Not a big menu, but enough variety to find something.  Tried the chicken skewers (delicately flavored, grilled just right), wasabi shumai dumplings (soft & flavorful), cheesesteak springrolls (crispy, soft meat inside, w/cheese wiz dipping sauce), and veggie lo mein (very flavorful).  High ceilings and wood/metal/stone decor make for a loud environment, even on a not-so-busy Sun night.  Bathrooms in a hallway, seemingly in another part of the building a bit strange, but clean.Honestly not a bad place. Came here with some friends after a tournament. We are from NYC and wanted to hit up a bar. Calamari while a bit skinny, hit the spot and the drinks were great. I'd definitely come back here and hit it up again.Great place with a fantastic selection of beer!  Sixty beers on tap!  The staff are very friendly which adds to the overall ambiance!  The Happy Hour offers some excellent choices and the dinner prices are affordable.  We had a great time.  Although it was the first time we were ever there, Howard (who works there) made us feel like we were old friends.  Howard made some recommendations from the bar menus for us to try such as the duck dumplings and they were delicious.  I highly recommend you to try this bar!  I believe you won't be disappointed!Came in last Sunday to watch the Eagles playoff game. They served our big group mixed drinks in small plastic cups and charged us full price. When we asked the waitress about it we were given attitude back. I understand they weren't allowed to serve them in regular glasses, but I saw other regular sized plastic cups around. This would all be fine if they had charged a lesser price for less to drink. This was not the case. The food was average at best. We ordered the boneless chicken wings and multiple people complained about the chicken citing they didn't think it was cooked all the way. Then to top off this horrid experience, the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting and looked like an ant family had been living there. At least the Eagles won to salvage the day.Ok sushi but no exciting sushi menu. Burgers and beer was good. Cheap prices. Great place to watch a game or have lunch. YumThe great: Awesome atmosphere for watching sports. Big screens for days, with hardly a bad seat in the house.  Also, they have happy hour specials every day that are unbeatable. 
The good: sixty or so beers. One of the nicer selections in the city (particularly for chinatown, which is generally devoid of craft beer). However, for the adventurous, I felt that most of the beers they had aren't particularly difficult to find elsewhere. A small complaint, but the selection doesn't quite measure up to some of the other craft beer bars in the city. The cheesesteak egg rolls and duck dumplings are also supreme. 
Needs improvement: the sushi in particular, but a number of other menu items I've had have been mediocre. Again, the pricing is amazing, but sometimes you get what you pay for..I decided to grab dinner+drinks before going to see a concert at the Troc. I stumbled across this place and was lured in the the multiple drafts that they had on tap. 
For a Saturday night, it wasn't too bad getting a table and the wait staff were very service oriented.  It was certainly interesting being able to order craft beers and also have Chinese food. I actually tried bacon wrapped quail eggs and after some egging on from buddy...Fish Balls, which weren't bad.
It is in an interesting spot and will be neat to see how a sports bar does in Chinatown.While slightly off the beaten track from the usual center city bars I frequent, BarLy is the best sports bar in Philadelphia. 
They have dozens of televisions so you can watch pretty much whatever you want to watch. They also have dozens of beers on tap so you can drink pretty much whatever you want to drink.
However, the real find here is the Asian-fusion take on traditional bar food. The wings alone are entirely enough reason to go. The bacon wrapped quail eggs are epic. The gizzard skewers are unique and epic. If you don't want gizzard you can just get regular chicken or beef skewers. Other than watching the Cavs lose in the finals while JR Smith jacked threes last spring, BarLy has always been a fun time.Calamari salad was great. Wings were delicious - we got salt and pepper with a bunch of the sauces on the side. DOUBLE DRAGON will end you. Eat the fruit on top after... it's soaked in alcohol  would've been 5 stars but my friends ordered the salmon and tilapia and they came out wayyyy after our dishes. the waiter kept saying the chefs were cooking their dishes, but how long does it take to cook fish? Not 45 minsI've come here a few times, and each time, it was just OK. Not my first choice, I only come when friends do. Good place for drinks, but the food is so mediocre now. I was just here yesterday with a party of 4. It was pretty busy, but it was a Saturday so we expected it. The thing is, if you know you're going to be busy saturdays, why not have more staff working? 
The waitress came with 4 waters, one was leaking so she took it away and never brought one back. Ok. We ordered spicy crab pad Thai, which I've ordered before and is usually pretty good and large portioned, but yesterday it was small, not hot, and had no crab meat, and tasted bland. We ordered oysters , only for her to tell us 10 mins later that they didn't have any. So we got calamari instead which wasn't hot either! Wtf. At this point I was like ok whatever. Moving on. We got bacon wrapped quail egg skewers, which were good, I mean how can you mess that up? 
Oh, I had to ask for utensils. Asked for salt and never got that either. Merrrrpppppp don't come here when it's busy. They need to have more staff on the floor and better training.It has a pretty cheap happy hour but the food leaves much to be desired. Also, their switch from fresh jalapeños to pickled jalapeños is more than upsetting. Stick to the pizza if you come here, it's the only thing I've tried that's worth while.Service was sub-par. Drinks were alright but it seemed like there may have been some kind of a mix up... Unclear.
Most of the food was better than expected, except for a mushroom dumpling my colleague ordered... It was just rice. Overall, it was a nice, casual place to have a beer, eat good food and (for some people in the group) watch a basketball game.I came here for their late night happy hour (10PM-12AM) one evening, and was pleasantly surprised with their options! We ordered 8 skewers (chicken heart was surprisingly good; would pass up the steak and pork since they're a little dry); tater tots (standard fare); calamari (sliced into strips, pretty good); half a banh mi (a large and spicy sandwich for $3); and regular sized nachos (huge portion size, this could feed 4 hungry people alone). We also ordered Coronaritas, which were strong and also relatively cheap (~$5 each). BarLy is definitely satisfying for a late night grub run!
Tl;dr -- late night happy hour has an extensive menu at reasonable prices.This is one of my top 3 bars in Philly. It's bright, clean, convenient, has 60 taps, and great food.
It's a block from Jefferson station. It has an awesome Asian fusion bar menu. Things like tacos, nachos and wings, plus dumplings and noodles. The tofu Bahn mi is AMAZING. Avocado, cucumber, tofu, cilantro marinated carrots and fresh jalapeño. Add some sriracha and you are golden.
They have tons of TVs, and supposedly get crowded for Eagles games. I'm a bills fan and my husband is a pats fan and we came during the Eagles bye week to watch football. I'd love to watch it here every week! I'd tell you to go, but I don't want it to get too crowded!
I used to live in LA and this reminds me of a fusion beer bar I'd find in koreatown. LOVE! Great happy hour, too. Lots of food discounts.Great beer selection, unique food choices with affordable prices.  We stopped in on a Saturday night before the marathon.  Service was friendly and prompt. Tried the bacon wrapped quail eggs; delish and the Shanghai wings were good as well.  The hubby and I each tried a few different beers and tab was still under 40$.If we lived in Philadelphia we would definitely come back, so yes, I recommend this place. They have an extensive draft beer selection and almost as many flat screen TVs. They had a interesting cocktail list too... if that's more your style. 
Few things though, and this is purely constructive-criticism: My bowl wasn't deep enough for the spoon! I ordered a won-ton soup (which was pretty good) but when the guy brought it out I had no spoon to eat it with. So when I finally got one, the spoon (you know, one of those asian porcelain soup spoons) didn't really work with the shallow bowl the soup was served in. As much as the bowl was aesthetically pleasing, the form failed it's function. They should really consider serving soup in deeper bowls and also make sure they bring out a spoon with the soup because you can't eat soup with a knife and fork. 
I guess that since they just recently opened, they're still working on ironing out a few kinks, but I believe they're off to a great start. We all enjoyed the food and received exceptional service... just change the soup bowls. That is all.Went in late night and sat at the bar. Helped right away. Strayed from my comfort zone and got the stoli lemon drop martini per the bartender's recommendation ... Loved it. Didn't try the food as the whole Asian-fusion thing doesn't do it for me. Thought the play on words name was pretty clever though. I'd journey there again.The menu is like a bunch of appetizers, with a big variety: pizzas, noodles, fries, skewers, Asian salads, and more. The beer list is massive! We came with a group and we should've been assigned 2 servers because our sweet little waitress just couldn't keep up. I think it's a good spot for a small (5 people or less) group size. 
The beers were tasty and the food was good bar food.Another great night at Bar-Ly in the books. I love this local sports bar with 60 beers on tap and a great selection of liquor. The service is great! The staff is very friendly. The food menu is great for the late night crowds or just the typical lunch/dinner.  I shall be back again and again and again and again.went to Bar-ly a few days ago for their soft opening. i was uber impressed.  as a customer of the previous restaurant at this location, tazia's, my expectations going in were pretty high.  and let me tell you, Bar-ly did not disappoint !! firstly, the place is gorgeous.  i, for one, thought tazia's was nice, but Bar-ly is a step above the rest.  the renovations went over smashingly.  due to the new layout in which they knocked down walls and more, it opened up the place tremendously.  the energy in the restaurant is different - better !! the always-friendly staff were welcoming & most-accomodating; it was great seeing familiar faces from tazia's staff.  a major plus is definitely their service w/ a smile :) 
another reviewer mentioned their beer selection and how they werent impressed.  i'm no beer connossieur, but for the ones i wanted to have, they had. they had some kind of strawberry cider something or other, and HELLO LOVER !!  delicious.. 
as for the food, duck dumplings, fantabulous.  Cheesesteak springrolls &chicken gizzards, to die for (according to my friends).  the crab fried rice, DIVINE.  i hear they're open for lunch now, too !! SCORE. go for the really cool people, the impressive flatscreens, the eats (remember, the crab fried rice made me do a little dance at the table !!), and the new décor - they have bar hooks, ladies, WOOT !!Not sure which I enjoyed more, the green dragon cocktail, or the drunken pineapple garnish... TRY THIS!! Strong vote of h*ll yeah!  Fair warning: the pineapple segment is infused with Bacardi!  So, yum!Bar-Ly's happy hour deals are amazing! 3:30-6:30 and then a late night happy hour from 10-12 are great times to stop by for good food at a good price. I especially loved their chips with salsa and guac. The chips were super thick and came to our table warm and crispy.A huge shout out to the management team at Bar-ly for accomodating us for tickets to an event we won (and couldn't make it to) even when things fell threw they were kind, and just plain old friendly. a total class act!!!!Came here to watch a football game on Thursday night and left thinking that I will definitely be coming back Sunday afternoon for the late football games. Walking into the place there is a feeling of excitement not only because there are TV's everywhere (really good TV's btw) but also because there is such an exciting vibe in the bar itself. Comparing it to other Sports bars in the city (Field House, Fox and hound) Bar-ly is not as dull and feels really bright and energetic. If you normally go to Fox or Fieldhouse to watch the games try Bar-ly and let me know how on-point I am with my assessment. 
Lets Talk Booze. 
A vast variety of beers for relatively good prices they also have interesting cock-tails for all cock-tail drinkers out there. I was drinking Sierra Nevada's for 5 bucks, I thought that was a pretty good deal. 
Lets Talk Food.
I ordered their 50/50 burger and was pretty much blown away. Imagine eating a burger with all the juiciness tasting like bacon. Yes thats how the burger tastes. Its amazing, you should try it immediately. I also ordered the calimari; decent but a little salty. 
Lets Talk Specials. 
Happy Hour 3:30-6:30 with really good drink specials and food specials. Beers are between 3.25 -3.75 food is about the same. The best part about this happy hour is.... its all week long. So guess where I'm watching the games on Sunday afternoons? 
They also have a 10-12 Happy hour every day (except for Fri & Sat). I was pleasantly surpised when they announced it yesterday. 
This place is good I will be coming back often.I was a bit hesitant to go to this location because i wasn't sure why a sports bar would be in china town butttt when i finally went in i got it! This place is classy with an Asian spin. The menu is tight. Like great food and VERY REASONABLE prices. My b.f and i only spent about twenty bucks and almost walked out full. They have SO MANY beers, which is great in a time when craft beer is at all-time high. As for the selection there is something for everyone. They do flights just ask. The staff is friendly which is becoming the next big thing in Philadelphia...STAFFERS THAT AREN'T COMPLETE JERKS!  (Or maybes it's just the places I go). But yeah this place can grow on you, and make sure you hit them up on Wednesday as always the parking in that area is free after 5!Awesome,casual, neighborhood sports bar right in the heart of Chinatown! It's nice and spacious inside with tons of TVs featuring various sporting activities. But for me the most important thing was definitely the happy hour menu. There are about 20 (!!!) different options, all under $5. My favorite was definitely the crab ravioli and the curry chicken soup. So much unexpected variety! They also had the lightest and crispiest calamari. We also all really enjoyed the nutella creme brulle. Finally, stick around until 7:30 on  Tuesday for a nice game of quizzo (which was quite challenging!). Overall this is a perfect bar to stop by with your friends that feels like hanging out in someone's living room.The happy hour food was a disaster but I give them 2 stars because they have HAPPY HOUR on Saturdays. I may go again for drinks only.
Chicken Curry - sweet and wierd. Not spicy at all
Shimp tempura sushi- The rice was old and kind of hard
The skewers are OK but they are way better at Yakitori Boy
French fries- How can French fries be bad? Well at Bar-ly, they managed! French fries from the bag, undercooked and without salt!
Now the drinks: 
Beer: warm? They probably thought it's like sake, that you can drink it cold or warm. 
Sake: You better order it warm (not very good quality but it gets you drunk, so good enough)
Lychee cocktail: The highlight of the afternoon. It was good and with a good amount of alcohol. I wish they were bigger! They are served in a very small glass.
I noticed the wine was cheap. I may come back for happy hour on Saturday again because it's the only place around but I'm staying away from their food!BarLy is my go to whenever I'm in chinatown and craving some solid food, good drink, and welcoming atmosphere. First of all, their happy hour is SO good. They have normal happy hours AND late night happy hours Sun-Thurs from 10-12 with some of the best food and drink specials in the city. They have an extensive menu of American and Asian foods. I love the salt and pepper wings and the banh mi is actually one of the best I've had. The service is incredible, the waiters, bartenders, and owner are so attentive and welcoming. There are also tv screens everywhere playing all the sports games so if you ever want a place with plenty of seating and space to watch your favorite game, definitely come to BarLy!
Not sure why this place doesn't have more stars -- I think people need to give it another chance!Bar Ly is a pretty cool Sports Bar in Philly Chinatown.  They have awesome Asian appetizers and friendly staff.  The noise level can get a bit high during a game, but it's part of the experience.
Cheers.A great new sports bar in Chinatown to get your NFL fix. The food is surprisingly good and the staff is really friendly. The menu has various Asian dishes (it is in Chinatown after all) and some American classics (french fries, burgers, etc...). Also, this is a sports bar, so don't bring your beer snobbishness here, they have a good variety.
Food highlights
Sriracha Wings - Tasty, crunchy, and super delicious. A must-try! The wings weren't spicy as I thought. They had a small kick to them (maybe too small for some) and I ate all the wings my little tummy could handle.
Banh Mi - Overpriced at around $6-ish, but still very yummy. They use different types of meat slices in the bun and the sauce (whatever it is) is frickin good.
Avocado Citrus Salad - A good option if you want to avoid eating unhealthy. I added grilled shrimp and thought this was a decent salad for a sports bar. The grilled shrimped was cooked perfectly and the greens were fresh. The grapefruit didn't really complement the salad, so I ate it separately. 
Pad Thai - Don't expect to have the best pad thai here, but if you're craving noodles + thai then you can't go wrong with the pad thai. I thought it was good.
Crowd/the Scene
I've been here twice already and this is what I've seen. My first visit was for an Eagles game (a bit crazy, which I'm okay with that), the second was for a Patriots game. It was a mix of Asian and Caucasian with a handful of African Americans. Age range was from mid-20s to early/mid-30s and a few outliers. It was definitely loud during the Eagles game (chanting/singing), but not annoying. The Patriots game was more subdued, less people and singing, something you would expect on a Thursday night. Overall, Bar Ly is a great place to watch a game and enjoy your food while rooting for your favorite team. The owner was there on both days greeting people, and helping clear plates off tables. What a nice guy! It's a good crowd of people, young professionals on weekdays, and sports fans.Hands down best happy hour menu!!!3:30 to 630 pm. 
They have red or white wine flights for 5.00 and happy hour menu with prices starting at 1.25 and up.  Portions are great. Staff is nice & friendly. 
There lo mein is delishI remember when this place was Tazia, and luckily not much has changed. Except for the renovations inside! TVs everywhere and the same happy hours.... I'll be back! Jamie is the best!!!!Really good beer selection across a range of prices.  Way above average bar food.  The ribs are really good and a generous portion at $8.95.  Udon noodle soup, burger, fries also excellent.  Lots of screens.  The place is rockin' when there's a game on.  Servers are attentive and friendly.Came here twice during my trip in Philly. Love the atmosphere here plenty of screens to watch any games. They play good music. Food and drinks are great for the price and we loved the happy hour!!  Friendly staff. Nachos were so good, the chips are so crunchy.This place has a great happy hour and specials but quality for the food is not the best but for a great variety of cheap drinks with some cheap bites this is definitely the place! I love watching football games here with friends, good service ,cheap drinks and tv's everywhereKudos to the person who thought of the bar's name and that is all the credit I'll give to this bar. It's an average bar, with a non traditional beer and drink selection. Can't say the atmosphere nor the food is anything special or worth while to go. At an event last night, I saw someone order a chicken Cheesesteak and it looked hella dry. It did not wow me so much this time nor the few other times I have gone. It was not by my choice; it was the decision based on the group.
It is an ok spot. The prices are fair / average so you won't break the bank. The overall package is not anything exciting besides a typical sports bar with a few TV screens. I must say going to the washroom was odd since the door knob was missing. Had to make it work so I just grabbed what was left and turned it hard. The service was nice even with a large group. Not gonna knock the employees. Eh, don't think I'll choose to come back here.Not quite as good as expected. Some really good food options and some that are 'meh' at best. The specials aren't special - they are the same as the menu. The service was off-point. Slow and sporadic. 
What kind of sports bar doesn't have all available games...only what is on the local cable???  
The white avocado flatbread and the cheesesteak rolls were good. The 50/50 burger (hamburger and pork belly) was good but the small side of tater tots were blah! Doesn't the kitchen have seasoning or garlic salt back there?
Overall fair but not the greatest takeaway while in Philly.dropped by this place one night after giving some platelets at my local blood drive. i was in a foul mood because during the transfusion, i found out my agent skipped town and my book deal (anti pollution book) was being dropped....
anyway back to the bar. I needed something to drown my sorrow. after ordering the veggie lo mein (i don't eat meat ever since my grandma passed away, RIP) i scanned the menu for the beer selection: WOW. i am a simple man and i'm used to the normal selections, heineken, bud, natty ice, etc. i can't tell a stout from a stoat. this bar has 60+ beers. needless to say i required a little guidance in this hop odyssey. that's where my server came in. 
she was a blonde who reminded me of morning dreams. the kind you desperately try to fall back into, pressing your face into the pillow, growing more hopeless by the second. Features reminiscent of anna paquin of "True Blood" fame with a determined gaze that let me know she was serious about my experience that night. she must have caught my confusion at the massive beer list because she took the initiative to ask me what kinds of beers i've had in the past and which ones i liked. "uhhhhhhh" i said with my mouth open because i really was clueless and i was still low on blood from the blood drive earlier in the day. 
finally she convinced me to try the "Shiny Farmhouse Ale" which was just what i needed. it gave me the strength to order some more of their delicious food. i ended up eating about ten separate dishes and was stuffed, but had a few more farmhouse ales before donning my hat and disappearing into the night like restless smoke pressed back into the gutters by the force of the overwhelming philadelphia night,We all have parts of Philly that just don't do it for us, aside from the obvious godforsaken ones. Personally I've never found much appeal to Chinatown. So to say I was pleasantly surprised when I made the recent trip to Bar-ly would be a gross understatement. 
The place is cool. Plenty of seating. Plenty of taps. An abundance of TVs. We ordered a bunch of small plates at the bar: dumplings, edammame and a banh mi. They all came out quickly and were pretty good. It's always a rare treat to stumble upon a Saturday night happy hour too. 
It's spacious, clean and a comfortable place to watch a game. They happened to be out of two beers I ordered, but that's okay - they had plenty of substitutes. It's essentially an Asian joint with good food reworked with a gastropub/craft beer facade. After all, the discerning businessperson is vying for those craft beer dollars these days. The staff was super friendly and present themselves in a very professional manner..
Just as a pig dressed up as a bird cannot fly, a Vietnamese restaurant cannot simply dress up as a gastropub and find it has expertise in beer. In other words, the staff here probably won't be as knowledgeable about beer as the staff at most other beer-heavy establishments you frequent around town. But that's okay, most of us have been drinking craft beers long enough to be able to fend for ourselves without bartender assistance, whatever that's ultimately worth.
This place has given me a reason to return to Chinatown! All in all, I say well done Bar-ly. Well done.I came with my friends and sat towards the rear of the bar. My bartender was very attentive to us! She was quick and made our cocktails consistently every time. the atmosphere was fun. No complaints here! Would love to come back.It's a bar with mediocre food.  The spring rolls were frozen and nuke quality, more like taquitos.  The sarachi chicken bites are good.Go for the beer.  Great tap list with rotating seasonals.  Not many local brews, but a great selection.  If you want great food, just wander outside.Stopped into Bar Ly after an exhausting morning of walking the city! We were seated immediately by a very sweet hostess. Immediately upon walking in, you will know that it's a sports bar. Huge televisions are everywhere the eye will look with every important game, and the tables are adorned with empty 6 pack cartons from typical beers (Miller, Corona), filled instead with Ketchup, Soy Sauce, Napkins, etc. The bar area is very pretty with light wood and an impressive spread of taps.
Some really wonderful beers on the menu. I had the change to try Shiner's Cheer (Peach & Pecan), which was glorious. It was $8 during normal hours, but luckily we stayed long enough to touch the beginning of happy hour, so I was able to order a few more at the much more reasonable pricing of $3. 
We ordered the Cheesesteak Spring Roll appetizer, which I thought was also a bit pricy since it only came with 3. They were pretty decent, but I don't think we would get them again simply because of the cost.
The Veggie Pizza with White Sauce was AWESOME! It was perfect for a light meal for 3 people to split, and was reasonable for the cost (I think it was $9).
My friend said she has had the same waiter each time she had been there. I'm not sure if he was just off the day we were there, but he never brought a third place seating (3 of us), even after the food was served. We had to ask for a third plate, and he only brought a plate (no additional cloth napkin, silverware, etc.), but other than that and his long delays in checking in on us, he was really nice. 
The bartenders were also super nice. We were there during an eagles game, and when the game is on, for every beer you order, you get a raffle ticket! We ordered lots of beers, and the table next to us also gave us their tickets since they had to leave early. One of us did end up winning a neat bundle, with 2 shirts and 2 beer koozies. There were about 4 of those prizes, and then 1st prize was a certificate for 2 free hours in their private karaoke room (Normally $40 per hour).
Overall, a bit expensive for what I would expect from a sports bar. However, very clean, decent food, decent service, excellent beer selection.I went to Bar Ly a couple of months ago to kill time before dinner in Chinatown, and was pretty happy that I found a cheap happy hour spot with seats at the bar on a Friday night.  The drink specials were great and the servers were excellent--as happy hour came to a close the bartender made sure we were set with another round of happy-hour priced drinks.  
I've never eaten here, so I'll need to pop back in sometime and check out the menu, but I highly recommend this spot for a few rounds of drinks or watching the game (whatever game that might be...)Came here for the lunch special (starts at $7.95 for 3 courses). The wonton soup, pork dumplings, and pad Thai noodles were delicious. My boyfriend got the spicy chicken sandwich, also delicious. Great beer selection. I had some cider. Good prices. Quality TVs everywhere. Nice atmosphere. Friendly service. Definitely coming back here.Solid sports bar in Chinatown. On a Saturday night, the place was packed and it was easy to see why-tons of TVs, large beer list, and a wide range of food options. My group had already had dinner, so we didn't try the food but we did enjoy the atmosphere. If I was in the area, I would definitely come back to catch an Eagles or Phillies game.cannot believe how packed this place was.. well granted it was also chinese new year this past weekend~
i tried the bacon and quail egg..? major disappointment...! first of all, you only get 2 pieces.. then the yolk of one of the eggs wasn't even yellow inside! it was oozing white liquid o-o yea.. i didn't eat it.. on top of that.. it was served all fallen apart.. i mean it's ok if you don't know how to prepare it properly ..  then maybe you shouldn't put that on the menu! smh
we also got fries and fried chicken wings-- those were stable! whew! nothing oozing out or misplaced for those dishes lol .. my bf did noted that they sprinkled MSG on top of the wings just by the addicting taste.. so beware of that.
drinks were ok-- pretty extensive list of beers
service was ok-- .. until we asked for the check.. it took what it seemed like forever.. then we asked for a 2nd time and after that, we received a copy of our check 3 times! =.= fo reals...?! 
they definitely got some stuff to work on.. but if you're in the area and just really want to grab a drink-- this could be your spot.One of the best happy hours in Philly is in Chinatown at BarLy.  This sports oriented Asian/American pub has happy hour every day of the week from 3:30 - 6:30.  There's a wide choice of drinks and snacks.  My most recent happy hour here was like a mini-feast.  The quail eggs wrapped in bacon are like candy.  The duck dumplings aren't far behind.  I also had the shrimp pouches which were good but I'm not sure just how you eat them  Fried crispy tofu rounded out the happy hour for me.  A Levante Belgian-style Wit beer from West Chester provided the liquid nourishment.  There are more offerings to try out at Happy Hour and other specials late-night or during certain game events but see other Yelp reviews or BarLy's website for those.Sports Bar in Chinatown that has a large selection of craft beer. A bit pricy on domestics but there are some good deals running through this place. The sports game wings and fries deal is great, and delicious, as well as the drink specials. Most food items come in different styles of american and asian flair. Lots of TVs to watch games, and quizzo on Tuesdays. Check it out!If your in Chinatown, your not coming here for the food but what draws me here is the large selection of beer. The bar area is very large and I have never had trouble finding seats,which makes it appealing if you want to have a drink in Chinatown. It's a good bar, the Pad Thai noodles and dumplings were also good. If you want a decent meal and beer, this a good spot in Ctown.3 days in Philly and this might be the best find. Beer selection is impressive. Food is great. Decor is clean and modern, not common in downtown Philly. Try the Vietnamese coffee, and the udon soup. Thai curry lemongrass mussles were also very good.This Sports bar was okay the service was okay the food was not good. It was happy hour food the menu looked good  but when we order the happy hour wings and fries my husband had to send his back the  bone out chicken back because it was raw. So the barmaid took it back to kitchen and they said that they double fried the chicken and that's why it's was hard. What every I pray that he won't get sick from that chicken. I also had to send my food back because I supposed to have hot wings and fries and they was not hot no sauce and my fries was absolutely cold like they were sitting on the side. The bar was very crowded and the people that was there might have been regulars. They already knew what to order.
 The drink prices was okay but I don't think I'll be going back to this Sports Bar location. If I do I will only have drinks. And eat some where else. Who put wet celery on top of fries. Only reason we stopped in there is because the Restaurant that we was originally going to was closed and this place was dark and dreary. When I past one day that it was a little bright but I'm not for sure because it was light outside and they didn't turn the lights on inside because of the lights on the out side and they also asked my husband did he want something else to eat so he ordered bones in chicken. Wet celery on top of hot fries he was so disgusted he just brought it home and we had two beers and said they was good and cold. The beer was the only thing goog.This is my go-to bar and they totally deserve an updated review (I can't believe I haven't yet)! Aside from the regular things I order in their awesome happy hour menu--calamari, fries, bacon-wrapped quail eggs, dumplings, and banh mi, which are all awesome, I've been recently venturing out into their regular menu. 
My boyfriend and I have really enjoyed their cheese pizzas! I like how they put a bit of arugula salad in the middle of the pizza. A friend recently ordered the Kimchi pizza, which I was able to share. It was surprisingly tasty and not overwhelmed by the kimchi. 
Since we're regulars, we know some of the employees there. One of the managers raved about their burgers. We recently ordered it on a quizzo night, and WOW, he was not exaggerating! My boyfriend tried the BarLy Burger and I had the 50/50 both medium and added cheese and grilled onions. He also added bacon to his. I thought both were really good. I especially liked my 50/50, the mix of meat really added extra flavor. It also comes with a side of fries and I quite enjoy their old bay fries, but their regular fries are decent as well. The size of the meat and toppings available was definitely worth the money! Each time I try something new, I'm surprised and happy with my order and I actually prefer ordering burgers here from now on! 
Also, try the grilled cheese sandwich and add bacon--to die for!
Lastly, quizzo on Tuesday nights are fun--starts at 7:30pm, but sometimes takes a few minutes to get going! Lately, the crowd has been growing! My friends and I have won third place a couple times and have gotten $10 off of our bill (once we got a giftcard, which we still need to use!). I'm hoping that we get first place one of these weeks!Came to this place on a Friday night for a few drinks. 
Dining room is huge ("that's what she said") with a nice wrap-around bar. Most importantly, the walls are covered in TVs if you're ADD for sports or just ADD in general. 
Drink menu is also very adequately sized. TONS of beers with a seasonal menu on the table to supplement the collection. Handsome drink menu as well, a huge page full of 'em. I went with a "beer mojito" with rum, triple sec, mint (obv), and blue moon. Check out this fucking drink, I'll post a photo underneath. It was so impressive my drinking companion ordered one afterwards.
I was eyeing the house marg and the bloody mary but went with a chocolate stout afterwards. Chocolate flavor was definitely present however it was a bit bitter for my taste. Drinking companion enjoyed it more than I did. 
Menu has a list of juicy choices, including TOFU SLIDERS!!! What the FUCK?!?!? Thrilled to see this, I almost ordered these actually but we ultimately decided to get the check. Accompanied by the usual suspects like wings, fries, nachos, etc. The rest of the menu is jam-packed with good-looking shit also. 
I'd definitely come back to catch a game if I'm ever not working again.Talk about a BAMBOOZLING...
We attended Bar Ly for both the Eagles Divisional Championship game, as well as the Conference Final Game (B.D. NICK am I right?!) So anyway our group (8-10 people, with about a $600 tab each time) decided to keep the streak going and attend for the Super Bowl. During the NFC game we asked the staff if we could go ahead and make a reservation for the Super Bowl awhile, to which they said they were not taking any reservations and it would be first come, first serve, as the prior 2 games had been. 
The next day we called back to confirm this and once again were informed it would indeed be a first come, first serve event and no reservations would be required or taken.
This brings us to Thursday night. I was lying in bed scrolling my Facebook news feed when I came across this gem from the Bar Ly page:
"SUPER BOWL SUNDAY - FULLY BOOKED
Sorry we are are fully booked for Super Bowl Sunday. 
After contacting all reservation requests, by order of when they were received, we have all seats committed for the big game. We are sorry we can unable to root on the Eagles with everyone in person. Thank you for your interest and LET'S GO EAGLES!"
.....like, bruh. So at some point between Monday and Thursday night, not only did Bar Ly decide to start taking reservations, but they took so many that their page said they could not even accommodate standing room. So now here we are, a week away from Super Bowl weekend, in need of a new place to attend with a large group
If you want to take reservations for an event, that's fine. But when you're telling your customers one thing and then blatantly ignoring that and doing something else, that isn't a "we're sorry this happened" kind of situation. We were BAMBOOZLED out of a place to watch the game.We showed up with no warning for a very large group, and they were absolutely fantastic. Great service, and after seeing the menu, I for sure want to come back (vegan sandwiches noted on menu!). They have quizzo as well which is supposed to be neat. Definitely on my list.Diamond in a rough!! Who would have guessed a great bar like this would be located in the heart of China town! So when we walked in we immediately sat at the bar. We were greeted by friendly bartenders. One of the great things on the menu are the variety of drinks. They have drinks that are mixed with beer and regular cocktails. The drinks were no watery they were made with the right amount of liquor. Another great highlight of this bar is the number of tv's. Who doesn't want to be able to view the game from every stand point in which they sit. The music that is played in the back ground is also great as they play a mixture of genres. So if your looking for a great spot that has a chill atmosphere but great drinks at a decent price then Barly's is the place to be!!!!Bar-Ly has surprisingly great food to supplement a fun and casual environment for anyone around the area. We stopped by with a group of friends and were pleasantly surprised by quick service and extensive food options for dinner. I went with the white mushroom pizza with a side of fries, and both were spot on! Any bar that has pizza with white sauce is a win in my eyes, but even their fries had a great crisp that is slightly reminiscent of the crispy Burger King fries (BK-lovers you know what I'm talking about)! A large selection for drinks and some fun seasonal mixed drinks as well. Don't dismiss this fun local next time you're looking for a late night place.This place kind of confused me because it's like a sports bar but then it serves some random Asian things on the menu? But they have a good beer selection. I like beer and I like spring rolls so I enjoyed it but I would only go back if I needed a place to catch a game.This place is strange. I was so excited for a bar to come to Chinatown with 50+ beers on tap. But the design and atmosphere are confusing. It's a huge space with bright green wall coloring and bright lighting. There are also beautiful orchids spread throughout the restaurant, but it just doesn't blend well sitting under the 10+ TVs playing any and every sports game. The bar has the right idea, it just doesn't fit in with the rest of the space. It's great that there are so many seats available, but the spots by the back near the bathroom seem more like a hallway than a hangout. I noticed a comment about the craft beers, saying they were disappointed that with the huge beer selection, almost all can be readily found at any bar. I couldn't agree with this more. I tried a few food dishes on my last visit. Sadly, the shrimp dumplings were completely tasteless and fell apart when you picked it up. Very disappointing in Chinatown. On the other hand, the Pad Thai was actually pretty good. I would probably come back to order this again. All in all, it's not a bad spot, just not exactly what I would consider a sports bar. But I guess that's to be expected in this neighborhood!i wanna give this place a chance to slide because i came in on a rainy saturday when the tattoo convention was in town around 2:00, the place was empty- my fiancé and i were two of about 10 people in here. one bartender and one host / server?? we sat the bar because i assumes that was a safe bet.... i've been to shitty dive bars that have better and faster service than this place, the guy didn't even bother telling us they didn't turn the fryer on til 40 minutes after we put in an order of TOTS???? we overheard from the people next to us and asked the girl who just walked in what the deal was- and then the plate we get there's like MAYBE 15 tots in it for $5. support the dive, don't come here. also wtf??? there was a shrimp tail on our plate? WHAT IS THIS PLACE.If you're looking for a friendly, comfortable bar/restaurant while staying near Chinatown this place works.  Lots of drink and beer choices.  I have had the 50/50 burger, step up from the typical bar burger.  Enjoyed the Bulgagi sandwich,nicely marinated, tasty roll with the right amount of crunch, like a Bahn Mi.  Prices are reasonable.  Don't expect the greatest cuisine but it was fresh and well prepared.  Great selection of tvs to view.Decent place in Chinatown section of Philly that I am glad I checked out. The place is huge and the bar is very long. They have a decent amount of draft beers, so you're bound to find something. The food was decent; I had a spicy chicken sandwich and it was good, but not to spicy. Service was passable, but you had to make an effort to flag the bartender. This is still a cool place to get some food and booze.I couldn't justify giving this a 5 star review but there were some definite bonuses to coming here, and here they are:
Pros
- sports galore. There were at least 15 giant plasma screens playing every sport imaginable. Their ESPN subscription would be the premium premium extra plus infinity and beyond package.
-we got there at 130am on a Saturday night (technically Sunday) and the kitchen was still serving food.
-I got the sweet potato fries and pork steamed dumplings both of which were very good.
-drinks were good and pretty fairly priced.  Try the barley shandy.
-lots of beers available on tap and bottled 
-spacious and not cramped 
-along with spacious it is a great place to mingle. 
Cons:
-my friends burger took forever to come out (like 20 minutes after all the other food came)
-service was not the best, had to specifically ask for more water on 3 occasions.
-we had to shout to hear each other. However this is typical of a sports bar so can't make this too much of a con.
-no decorations, could make the place a bit more upscale by adding some simple accoutrements. 
-did not play music so not the place if you are trying to dance.First time I came here with my co-workers.  It took about 30+ minutes after requesting the check before we finally got it.  I think there was a computer glitch, plus the employee was new.  The food was good.  I came here again by myself and had some wings and tacos and they were great.  Service could be better.The food isn't very good. Everything Ive gotten tasted like it came right out of the microwave.  They do have a good beer selection and a lot of TV's if your there for sports its a good place.  The cocktails are all really fruity and kinda gross.I came here on a Tuesday night during their daily happy hour (3:30-6:30pm). I don't know if they're usually empty during this time or it was because it was raining the day I came, but there were only a couple people inside.
Pros:
- Our waitress was amazing. She was attentive without being overbearing.
- The food came out really fast too! 
- Drink prices were relatively cheap. I got a margarita and a cocktail for $4.50 each. 
- There are large screen tvs everywhere- so definitely great for watching games.
Cons:
So why 3 stars? The food was okay at best. And even though yes they were cheap, the portions were SO TINY. We tried a lot of things but my least favorite had to be the shrimp tempura roll (you get 4 TINY pieces and it was not appetizing) and the calamari (I don't even know if there was actual calamari in this, it seemed like it was just fried batter?). We also tried the pork, fish ball, and bacon wrapped quail eggs skewers, which all actually tasted really good! So if I were to order food here again, I would stick to the skewers.
So overall, if I were to come again during happy hour, Id probably stick to the drinks and skewers.A rather large sports bar in C-town, Bar Ly has a lot of potential.  It has a pretty awesome beer list, plenty of TVs, and friendly servers.  We came here almost by accident, wanting to continue a relatively low key night and deciding to skip the line at another bar.  It was a Saturday night, yet Bar Ly was not overly packed.  We managed to score a few seats at the very corner of the bar and enjoyed several rounds while watching the end of the game. 
I have to say getting to the bathrooms feels kind of weird. Its as if you need to leave the bar to get to them.  I don't know how else to describe it, just a bit weird.
Since I only came here for drinks, its hard for me to give it anything more than just a 3-star for now, but I can see myself returning which could bode well.My and my best gal were out in Center City and were looking for a good place to eat dinner and have some drinks. As we were sitting at another bar, we were leafing through the Taste of Philly edition of  PW and saw a big ad for Bar-Ly boasting "60 Taps." Being beer snobs, we thought we'd give it a shot.
So we walked down a few blocks to this Chinatown establishment with hopes of enjoying a wide variety of  beers, being they had sixty taps.  We didn't know what to expect of the food. 
When we arrived we were surprised to find televisions circling the walls overhead.  Being a big college football fan I was pleased, but I did not expect it to be a sports bar. Otherwise, it was rather spacious with many tables and a rather long bar. 
The staff was very friendly from the time we came in welcoming us as  and sitting us. Our waitress was very attentive. 
We sat down intending to have dinner but weren't all that pleased with the menu. Though we're vegetarians so its always a bit of crap shoot when we go to a place without looking at menus.  They did have a decent selection of Asian-inspired bar fare but I just wasn't in the mood for that (so I didn't give it much weight in this review,)
We did end up getting the tempura onion rings. They came with with what I think was a sweet and sour sour.   I really enjoyed them, they were rather crunchy and the sauce went really well with them, but my girlfriend swears that they weren't tempura and moreover were likely frozen. People seem to enjoy the food so you should probably give more weight to those reviews in that regard considering they experienced more of the menu. 
The biggest disappointment was the beer. They might have sixty taps but the selection was rather, "meh."  For instance, they probably had 6 pale ales which included Yards IPA, Dogfish Head 60 Minute, Sierra Nevada, Flying Fish Hopfish and Harpoon IPA. How many slight variations of the same beer do I need. They may have had one or two interesting selections but for 60 taps it was rather sad, There are plenty of bars in Philadelphia that have fifteen to twenty taps that have a much better selection than this spot. And there are other places with a large number of places such as City Taphouse or Irish Pol that certainly do have a more robust variety of beers that you might be better off visiting if you are looking for a better beer bar,
I would come here to watch a game though, The beer selection is good enough and it seems you could watch any game you wish as long as its broadcast on tv. In fact, there is a portion of the bar where you have four or five tvs in close enough  proximity that would keep even the most attention deficit disordered individual  occupied.BarLy has a nice happy hour! It starts a little early on weekdays (3:30pm - 6:30pm Daily. Late Night Specials: 10pm - 12am, Sunday - Thursday) but it is a fun place to watch the games, sip some drinks, and eat bar food. I can only comment on their happy hour as I haven't been there outside of it.
The drinks are very well priced ($3.50 for draft beers and $4.50 for cocktails). Their menu has some identity crisis in my opinion as it includes all sorts of cuisines such as skewers, sliders, pizza, lo mein, sushi, dumplings, classical American bar food, and pad thai. But, the variety of options make it a suitable place for big groups. 
Service is slower during game days, but overall I was happy with their happy hour during multiple different visits.Not much has changed here besides the name. I could literally probably copy and paste my review for Tazia here and everything would still resonate as true.
I personally come here for Happy Hour and I enjoy it. Servers are attentive but not smothering, food comes fairly quickly and the drinks are typically on point for the price. I've only ever sent back a drink once and a replacement was brought out with no issues. 
The happy hour menu food is mostly finger bites and nothing to really take seriously but you can fill out up on various items. The sushi here is laughable for this location to be in Chinatown I'd say save those few bucks and spend a few more for a quality roll elsewhere. If you're not here for happy hour I'd skip anything that is on the regular menu - it's just not worth the price. I recommend the Beer (-garita, -jito, -gria) drinks. Seriously they're great. Try one.
One major difference is the sports bar theme and I like the various array of tv's although I would've liked for them to have a large central one on a wall that's like ridiculously big for games. I always feel like I can stay home to watch a game on a 40 inch. 
Regardless of its limitations Tazia (oops! - Bar-ly) is a pretty chill spot to hang not only for games but if you're looking for a cheap/reasonably priced place to meet up with friends. I will continue to return here because I'm all about cheap and tasty dranks!!!! Thank you for following in the footsteps of your prior establishment by offering 2 happy hours as well. Now I don't have to choose I can sleep through the day and still make the late- night special. Awesome!NIce space but, if you are going to claim to be a beer bar, you need to have a few less Miller-Coors taps, disappointing selection given others nearly.I have been here twice now. The drinks are ok. The food is ok. It's a much younger crowd that frequent the place. The staff are nice but alittle slower paced.Meh would be the perfect description for Bar Ly. I really wanted to like it...but I didn't. My friend and I went for happy hour. We were lured in by the advertisement for a crab boil on the window because we assumed it was on the menu, but apparently it was only a special thing that they did once, so it wasn't on the menu. I was majorly disappointed but we decided to stay anyway. I ordered a bunch of stuff including a sushi roll, french fries, gizzard skewers, and some shrimp dumplings. The food was pretty flavorless, and the gizzard was so gummy that I couldn't eat it. My friend got the "Captain Crunch" drink and gave it two enthusiastic thumbs up, so I would recommend the drinks here. Bar Ly has a kind of sports bar feel to it and there are plenty of TV's, so it would be interesting to try this place out during a game. Prices are reasonable but the quality of the food has room for improvement.I have no complaints about Bar-Ly. A friend and I went here late night roughly about 12:30am. The place was great plenty of TV's and beer a great place when the game is on and I'm sure it gets packed. I'm not a huge drinker but they did have the option of a virgin mojito and daiquiri which I thought was really nice. I ended up getting the mojito which was extremely good. Our bartender was amazing she was able to give my super indecisive friend some small samples of beer before choosing one. The food was really good I ended up getting the cheesesteak spring rolls and the schezuen wings (most likely spelled that wrong) but she described it as like a general tsos sauce, which I agree. My friend ended up getting dumpling and Old Bay fries.The price was really good on everything also, out bill came out to less than $50 and we even had food to take home since it was a good portion of food. I would definitely recommend coming here to anyone who is in the area.