One of the best meals we had this year! Overall ratings: 5 for location, atmosphere, food, and service, maybe 4 for value because it's a tad expensive, but totally worth it.
We were in town for the election and ate at 10 PM following the President's rally at Independence Hall. The place was packed, and several people sported buttons associated with the campaigns. So it was pretty electric to start.
Beautiful space, comfortable tables although it's crowded, you are basically hearing every word uttered by the people at the next table. Noise level is almost perfect in today's noisy way: restaurants seem to strive for a high noise level that grants intimacy to your conversation, it's too hard for you to hear each other let alone for others to hear you. At Barbuzzo, We could easily hear each other and the table next to us, and after that, it's all loud white noise. Not complaining, it was actually good. Only complaint: the place is so dark, and the table candles so tiny, that both of us had to use our iPhone flashlights in order to read the menu. 
We reserved through OpenTable and were seated immediately. We saw delicious looking pizzas on other tables, and despite both of us trying NOT to eat pizza, we had to try it. Thank goodness we did! We got the simple Margherita pizza, which really shows off a restaurant's ability, and show it did. Amazing. Scrumptious. Perfect crust: crispy, chewy, flavorful. Like few others. Burnt in a good way obviously made in a very hot oven (wood fired?).
Beer and wine selection outstanding, someone obviously put love and attention into this. A wine special was an Austrian red, which my wife had: delicious. I had a Sierra Nevada pilsner, again, amazing. Both of us immediately thought of the delicious beers we enjoyed in Netherlands and Germany that tasted so different (and better) than what we get here in the US, and this had that same distinct wonderful fresh flavorful taste.
I got a burrata salad (grilled heirloom carrot, pickled rainbow chard, arugula paesto, marcona almonds), amazing, and unlike anything I've had. Wife had chestnut agnolotti (heirloom squash, roasted celery root, sage brown butter, shaved chestnuts) that tasted sweet. She was crazy about it, I found it sweet but no matter, it was delicious. Closed off the evening with decaf cappuccino (her) and another beer (me). 
I can't wait to return here. Well done Barbuzzo!It gets even better!   I've been here twice now and I LOVE this spot!  I think its my favorite place to eat in Philly.  The food here is out of this world.  I ate here on a warm Friday night in March 2011.  We were seated at a table outdoors.... it was a great evening for amazing food.
The pizza here is very good.  Its not the best I have ever had, but it really is up there at the top of the list.  VERY good!   Try the pizza with the fried egg... its great!
The pastas here are fantastic... salads.... veggies... meatballs.... not one thing I have had here is terrible. 
The best thing I have had here is the salted caramel dessert.  It is out of this world delicious!   You must try it!   
This is one of my favorite places in the US.... its really that good!My fiancé and I held our rehearsal dinner in the private room upstairs and it was Fantastic! The room was beautiful and the food was delicious. We worked with Jess to coordinate our event over the past year and she was the absolute best - always easy to communicate with and answer our questions. She made sure the planning of and the event itself went smoothly. 
We opted for the 3 course seated dinner and everyone was raving about the food. The menu:
Starters served family style: 
1. Sheep's milk ricotta
2. Roasted beet salad
3. Stuffed  meatballs
4. Seared shrimp
Entree choices
1. Pumpkin carbonara 
2. Short rib 
3. Chicken Saltimbocca 
4. Sunday gravy 
Dessert choices 
1. Salted Caramel budino
2. Seasonal bread pudding 
3. Tiramisu 
All of the food looked amazing and like I said our guests were raving about all of it. I would highly recommend having your next private event at Barbuzzo!!Absolutely great place to enjoy modern and classic Italian cuisine in authentic atmosphere. 
Food is so good, I didn't have moment to snap a picture, but I did get the dessert :)
All courses were good: 
Burrata salad with roasted carrot, then pappardelle with zucchini and cheese, and grand finale - tiramisu plus white chocolate gelato, and if not enough, added blackberry-bergamot tea sorbet...
Simply Yum!Treated extremely rudely while waiting for a bar seat. Hostess told us to sit at the bar and literally as we approach the bar the hostess tells us we cannot sit and he has no seats. I Have never felt so disrespected in an establishment that i have frequented for years.Just went here for restaurant week lunch. One word.. YUM! Probably the happiest and most satisfied I've been with a meal during restaurant week.
It was the first restaurant week experience where I really had no idea what to choose because everything looked so appealing. Every menu item spoke to me. Good thing I went with friends! We all decided to get something different and get smaller plates so we could just share everything we ordered. For appetizers, the soup was hearty and complexly herbalicious and the vegetable antipasti made you smile. The ricotta appetizer I would definitely order again. I dare say I'd go back just to get that cheese. It's smooth like butter cream. My goodness. Get it. And you'll find out. I could just eat that and I'd be happy.
For entrees we ordered the chicken saltimbocca, the salsiccia pizza, and the sicilian style bronzino. The sizes were perfect. Actually the pizza was larger than I had anticipated. It was the size of a regular medium pizza and came with fresh oregano (on the twig!) and pepper oil.
The desserts were pretty awesome. I would have chosen the usual tiramisu but decided to live life on the wild side and try the budino. If you love salted caramel this dessert was made for you. My comrades, on the other hand, had never even heard of salted caramel and did not like the new concept. Don't worry about them, they're boring.
One good tip I learned from their website. Make a reservation. If you don't you can only sit at the counter or the bar. To sit at the big people's tables you have to have a reservation, so go on open table for that.This restaurant is located in one of my favorite spots in the city. My friends and I ordered the cheese board, Asparago Pizza (a MUST), Margherita Pizza (average), Fava and Preserved Lemon Arancini (very good), Casarecce Pasta (eh, could have done without) and of course, BUDINO! I am still craving the Asparago Pizza. I cannot wait to come back for another serving and to try out more menu items.My friends and I came here to celebrate a birthday.  It was a great venue to have a small get together.  Food is decent--maybe not worth how much we paid for it.  However, we talked about it, and we agreed this is the type of restaurant you come for the ambiance.  We sat outside, and it was a fun and cute experience.This is one of my friend's favorite restaurants of all time, and I've been here twice with her, both for restaurant week. The deal itself was amazing-- $20 for a three-course lunch--, so I have absolutely nothing to complain about. Barbuzzo is on 13th street, which is lined with great intimate restaurants owned under the same umbrella company (others include some of my favorite of all time, Jamonera and Lolita). The waitservice was so polite and did not bother us excessively, yet our waters were always filled, and I didn't even mind sitting 5 inches away from the next table because the space is conducive to intimacy and a great time with a small group of friends.
I ordered the famous ricotta sheep cheese, which came with perfectly toasted bread, and used it to scrape the plate! The cheese was so smooth and creamy, yet not too heavy. The second course I ordered was a sausage rigatoni, which could have been made vegetarian. The portion was small, but surprisingly filling; I especially enjoyed the roasted tomatoes but thought the pasta itself was a bit salty, probably from the sausage and sauce on top of that. Finally, my last course was the budino, which I enjoyed because I love caramel, but my friends said it was too much and scraped it off. The layer of chocolate cookie on the bottom was delicious though, so make sure each spoonful reaches the bottom of the jar!!I'll make this short and sweet.  
Small place, good wines by the glass (have the pino noir), good service and great location.  
I had the gnocchi (must have), ricotta and figs (second favorite) and the meatballs (too much oregano, a bit salty but still tasty).  All three of those dishes are good to share with another partner.  However, I would have the gnocchi and not sure if I had a choice.  If i could repeat that dinner 10 times over, I wouldn't mind.We were in town for business meetings and went here the first night in town. It was so good that we went back again before we left. Everything we had was delicious! We had the Mais pizza. It was very different than any pizza I have ever had but it was also the BEST pizza I've ever had! The meat balls were amazing. The salted caramel dessert is a must. The fish was wonderful. And salads were fresh and very good.I recently stopped by here for a light dinner (filled up on garbage earlier in the day) and was happily impressed.  I ordered the grilled octopus and the skirt steak, both of which had a complex build of flavor and were perfectly cooked.  The octopus was melt in your mouth and the steak was just the right shade of pink.  The overall texture, flavor, presentation and service made my meal memorable.  Add in the bread pudding for desert and it was an especially good event.  I suggest everyone go and find out for themselves.I went to Barbuzzo for Restaurant Week with 2 friends. Well worth the $40+ dollars I spent on this dinner. I tried the meatballs and sweet potato bruschetta for the first course. I thought the meatballs were the perfect portion size and the flavor was well-seasoned complete with melted cheese on top. My second course was split between strazzopretti and the gnocchi. The gnocchi was the highlight of the meal and I savored each bite. The consistency and texture was perfect as it felt like it melted on the tongue. For dessert, we split the tiramisu, butter cake, and something salted caramel. None of us were a fan of the salted caramel and my personal favorite was the tiramisu. It had many contrasting flavors of cappucino, milk, and hazelbut that simply worked! Overall, great experience will come back when my wallet isn't so depleted yas.this restaurant is freaking gangsta.
sat at the bar and watched the chefs do work. it was facisating to watch them taste all the food as they cooked. Awesome, awesome meal. Get the liver app, get the cheese stuffed meatballs, get a lot of drinksI rarely take a chance on restaurants where I view the menu as limited. My colleague suggested it while we were walking down 13th. I was hesitant at first, but I'm glad I went. Every dish we picked was amazing! The Sheep's Milk appetizer, the Tonnarelli, and the Tufoli were GREAT! 
I'll be back... even if it's takeout. Loved it!Visiting area and found this place in Yelp. Based on all the positive reviews, how could I go wrong?
I didn't.
The food was savory, the interior design is  a creative blend of modern lines / rustic textures / warm lighting.
We ate here twice on our weekend visit. Can't wait to go back.
Try the fig and prosciutto pizza!The food was seasoned perfectly, the portions generous for such a popular restaurant. The noise level got a bit much at times, but the food and wine more than made up for that.Amazing how packed Barbuzzo is well past my bed time!
Came in ~8:30pm and got a stool at the counter - amazing experience - forego the table if you can!
Ordered a glass of Tempranillo (darn good red) and a seared tuna with smoked peppers, olives and orange segments, followed by the salted caramel budino - oh, the budino - sweet, salty, smooth, crunchy, yum.Perfect place for tapas! We sat at the chefs bar and got to see all of the amazing food being made so we knew exactly what to order. Glad we found this gem!Tried Barbuzzo after seeing 1k reviews and good ratings.  We had a beet salad which was excellent.  For main course we shared gnocchi and acorn squash tortelli. Both were good but we both agreed the tortelli was the best.  Would definitely recommend.  For desserts we tried the budino and bread pudding.  Both also very good. Our favorite was the bread pudding.  Service was excellent and we felt lucky to get a seat at the bar without a reservation on a busy Friday night.  Great place in downtown Philly!Third time at Barbuzzo but first for lunch.  I had a meeting to get to and just happened to be in close proximity to Barbuzzo.  I made a spur of the moment decision to have lunch at BarbuzzoMy.  My server Casandra got my order in right away and was definitely one of the best servers ever.  She knew I was in a time crunch but got me in and out in 30 mins.  The Uovo Pizza was amazing as usual.  Love Barbuzzo even more than before thanks to Casandra.I thought it was amazing!!! Someone told me about it, raving on and on about the place so I decided to take a friend. The drinks are pleasantly strong, the margarita pizza is to die for (love the fresh oregano and pepper sauce) the meatballs with melted cheese in the center are OUTRAGEOUS, but the gnocchi dish is boring... little flavor and just too much going on with the plate. The service was outstanding, the establishment in general was very clean and they EVEN have a coat check!! All in all it was fantastic!!!! It was so good that I'm bringing a date there and I reserved a spot at the grill so we can watch them cook!Ate on a Saturday at 9 PM... You definitely need a reservation, folks!
Sheeps Milk Ricotta - so tasty. I LOVED the bread that came with it... very easy to bite into and charred.
Sottaceto pizza - overall, the pizza was pretty good. I thought the ingredients were excellent, while the crust was just okay.
Pan Seared Gnocchi - interesting! It was nice to try gnocchi in a new way. I don't know if I prefer it, but it was enjoyable. 
I was really disappointed that we weren't as hungry as we would have liked... Otherwise I would have tried more!Sampan was packed so my friend and I opted for Barbuzzo where we were seated right away. I had terrible service at this restaurant but I won't let that hinder this review because the food here was simply amazing!
Right off the bat, my favorite dish was the Sheeps Milk Ricotta - the  bread was grilled amazingly and the sheeps milk riccotta along with its seasoning was very decadent. The Uovo pizza was pretty good, the truffled farm egg, along with their secret white sauce made the taste so decadent, however half of the crust was burnt (not a fan), and I wish the pie itself was crisper. The Caciocavallo Stuffed Meatballs were quite large portions, pretty good. The Grilled Skirt Steak were SUPER tender, I fell in love at first chew. 
The desserts were okay. I got the Salted Caramel Budino which was actually pretty amazing and a good price for the portion. However, my friend got the tiramisu which had a rather boring consistency, and a lackluster taste.  
OVERALL, skip the dessert, you'd definitely rather be eating their pizza anyways.The food was amazing and perfect for 4 vegetarians! We ordered the cheese board, mediterranean olives, sauteed calabrian greens, mia pera pizza, and heirloom squash and gorgonzola agnolotti. I honestly can't say which was my favorite, as each was equally unique and tasty. We were a table of 4, and each dish was perfect for us to share. We ordered the salted caramel budino and the apple & raisin bread pudding for dessert (yumm).
Just be mindful that the staff seems overworked and not entirely friendly.Came here for happy hour and literally only stayed for an hour.
$4 sangria was okay, but their $5 Pinot was a steal. We also got the vegetable board - yes, vegetable board. Definitely something I would never order, but glad we did because it happened to be a someone healthier  snack with the same explosion of favors as something fatty. 
Beware, this place is quite squished! I'm on the smaller side in terms of physique but still had a lot of trouble getting in and out of my table. I also sat about 3 inches (literally) away from the next table. Definitely heard their entire date.Heard such great things about this place from everyone I knew in the Philadelphia area and it's ALWAYS packed. I tried it once for lunch and I don't think I got that full experience that everyone spoke about (the menu is smaller and just not the same)
Finally I brought myself back here for a late night dinner and found out what I was missing! The ricotta appetizer is absolutely sexual it's so good, and then we got the mortadella pizza and the vesuvio pasta, both really amazing. The pizza was pretty big and I was skeptical because it has sliced fingerling potatoes on it, but some of the ingredients on the menu are weird and you just need to trust that they know what they're doing because they certainly do!
So good, I will definitely be back. And they have a great drink menu! I love that they serve their full menu until midnight on Friday and Saturday too :)Ordered the Maiale pizza with eggplant and ham and had the Meatball appetizer-caciocavallo stuffed meatballs. Both were excellent and service was quick. We came during a weekday for lunch and seemed pretty full.J'ai fait une véritable découverte à Philadelphie, en dinant chez Barbuzzo, un restaurant italien tendance, qui nous a été recommandé par notre hôtel. La découverte a été multiple : l'ambiance du lieu : sophistiquée en restant " cool " ; un service prévenant, malgré que le restaurant fût plein ; et des plats à tomber par terre !
Nous étions trois personnes, et nous avons partagé ou goûté chacun des plats qui nous étaient servis : j'ai apprécié mes gnocchis, la pizza napolitaine que nous avons partagée...
Malgré le monde, le service a été adorable, venant régulièrement demander si tout allait bien, et n'a pas manqué de nous servir de l'eau sans que nous le demandions.
Le cadre est lounge et branchouille, et l'atmosphère est assez cool.
Un restaurant qui m'a vraiment plu !Great tapas bar with wonderful selection of wines beer and small plates.  Order at least 2-3 per person.Great place. Great food. These things are obvious and I can't say enough about that. Read the other reviews. They are extremely accurate. However, there is one problem. If you make a noon reservation, show up at 12:05. For some strange reason, they won't open the doors until noon on the dot. Why do they even take noon reservations then? I have no idea. I go at 11:55 and try to open the door and see it's locked. The woman through the window simply looked at me and turned her back. Not only is this rude, but it's nonsensical. Is the expectation that all the noon reservations then must rush in at the same time and wait? Very much an illogical policy.I expected more, to be honest. food was ok, def overpriced for lunch menu. Service also was just ok.Absolutely stupidly ridiculously delicious.  Octopus wasn't mind blowing, but the rest of our dinner was that and then some.  The steak and gnocchi may have been among the best I've ever had.  The budino is a must have even if you're not a huge salted caramel fan, (I'm not and it was absolutely divine).  Stop reading, start eating.  NOW.I've been to Barbuzzo before but never for Restaurant Week until last night. Usually RW is pretty hit or miss and sometimes it is not a great deal, but I really think it is at Barbuzzo. We also got the 25 dollar wine tasting menu to go with it, because why not? Treat yoself.
My friend and I were seated right away and service was good the whole night. The meal started with the Sheep's milk ricotta which is creamy and mildly sweet and paired with delicious grilled bread. For our first courses, we tried the beet and kale salad and the pear bruschetta. The salad was really flavorful for being a salad-- definitely can't go wrong with a beet-goat cheese combo and the pistachio pesto added a new element. The bruschetta was on that same delicious bread and had creamy gorgonzola, roasted pears, and prosciutto on them which was a winning combo. My friend was a vegetarian so they put the prosciutto on the side for me.
I got the gnocci as my second course and I thought it was good, though not amazing. The gnocchi itself were puffy and also pan seared so they had a great texture. I could have used some more mushrooms though and I didn't love the cherry tomatoes in the dish. My friend enjoyed the campanelle pasta. We both ended with the budino which is a must get. The salted vanilla caramel blends so well with the chocolate. I am not usually a dessert person but this one is just too good. 
The wine pairing was a good deal but I personally didn't care for the 2nd (white wine) or 3rd wine (forget the name but it was not the port one) that I got that much. The cava was great but after that I felt that the others were a bit too sweet.
All in all, a delicious meal which is not surprising for Barbuzzo!Tried the antipastoo sooo good!! If you like cheese and veggies! Good service! Crowded place a great bar... and ordening the salted caramel budino that is in the top list of dessertss from the locals... deffinitely worth making a reservation if your more than 2...Ok, call me Guilty - ended up at Barbuzzo today bc it was part of Restaurant Week.  Slap my face and call me Funny!  Barbuzzo did not disappoint!  I had the sheep's milk ricotta (super creamy ricotta drizzled with aged balsamic and extra virgin olive oil , seasoned with a pinch of salt and thyme, and served with grilled bread slices), the branzino over Israeli couscous and artichoke with a lemony sauce, and the caramel dessert.  I liked the ricotta, but what made the dish was the sweet aged balsamic - mmmm, so good.  My favorite part of the whole meal was this red-colored tapenade that topped my branzino - really to die for.  I tried to ask the waitress what it was, but she couldn't hear me correctly or something bc she kept saying, "I'm so happy you're enjoying it!"....ummm, "But what's this made of?" to which she asks,"It's really good isn't it?"...lol, I just gave up asking.  The dessert was a little rich for me, but it wasn't bad...it just didn't really hit the spot.  
I sat at the kitchen bar and got to stare at the cooks a cooking, but I didn't mind.  I was curious as to what each person was making, but that just means I have to come back until I taste everything on the menu.  Great little cozy place.  Great waitstaff and kitchen staff.  Nice atmosphere...can't wait to come back.  Why hadn't I come here earlier?????Much enjoyed my first visit to Philly and eating at Barbuzzo. We sat by the cook station. Was so much fun watching them make and plate to perfection.
Tried the Marrow, was tasty but more enjoyed the marrow condiments (fennel mostarda, grilled bread, radish parsley salad). However, the sage raviolis and the Uovo Pizza were out of this world tasty. Flavors of cooking I would love to have nightly. 
Then you take a step across the street for dessert at the gelato place. Perfecto meal.Delicious!! Had the Stuffed Meatballs, AMAZING! The Uovo(Truffle Egg) Pizza was delicious! The service was excellent. 
Butterscotch/Caramel fan? have the Boudino dessert.Lovely, small place. The food is amazing and well-prepared. We had the sardines (much classier than the ones we all remember from 'The Burbs'), the octopus salad (ahhhh-mazing) and a pizza. The waiter also gave us some goat cheese with crustinis (by far my favorite part of the meal). Not too pricey and definitely worth it. Seriously, that goat cheese... can I get an Amen?!I stopped out for a late night bite and stumbled upon this little place. 
The staff was very on top of the menu. They offered good recommendations, were friendly, fast and charming.
The food was great. Starting with the beet salad and the sautéed greens. The salad was one of the best I've had. The pork ragu was excellent. Decent portions on the smaller size, but the price was good. Dessert was really a nice capper. The dark chocolate caramel. And they serve food til midnight.
Highly recommend this nice little place.We had dinner here on our first visit to Philly and we were really impressed with the place. 
They were full when we first arrived but the host took my cell number to call me when a table was available. We had just enough time to grab a pint around the corner before he called and let us know that there was a table outside on the sidewalk. The weather was beautiful and the people-watching outside was great. 
To start we ordered the charcuterie board. The sausage that came on it was the probably the best I have ever had. Next up was the Margherita pizza which was also fantastic. The crust was the perfect thickness and baked just right. We rounded out dinner with the grass fed strip steak and pan seared gnocchi both of which did not disappoint. The steak was a perfect medium rare and the gnocchi tasted very fresh. 
All in all this was a very memorable meal; highly recommended.Outstanding Italian food.  
I had the arancini to start -- to die for. Then the house-made campanelle with walnut pesto and preserved lemon and just a dollop of whipped ricotta on top. OMG. Would come here every night if I lived in Philly.Outstanding food but poor service. Charged for bread without mentioning that it's not complementary. Took it off later but matter of factly said "it's on the menu." Didn't ask if we wanted pepper on the pasta. Upon asking for said pepper, just placed the pepper grinder on the table instead of grinding it on the pasta. Paid very little attention to us in general and kept giving an attitude of being in a real hurryAhhh wish it was a little brighter inside but everything else is outstanding!Great service, delicious food, UNREAL dessert - we got the brussel sprouts, uovo pizza, and budino and for two people and we could barely finish the meal. I had to take a slice of pizza home and it was just as tasty the next day!Excelent restaurant! I had the Sheeps Milk Ricotta, Campanella Neri and Salted Caramel Budino. They were all amazing, way better than I was expecting. I went for lunch at around opening time which is why my service was quick and Excellent. By the time I left the restaurant was completely full. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone.
Sheeps Milk Ricotta:
The bread was buttery, soft and crunchy. Great flavor. The ricotta was mild and smooth and it paired well with the extra virgin olive oil. All the components worked perfectly together. Crunchiness and salty butteriness from the bread, smoothness and savoriness from the ricotta and extra virgin olive oil. For an appetizer the portion is good for 2 people. Overall 5/5 
Pasta- Campanella Neri 
The pasta was cooked to perfection. The buttery crab flavor was to die for. There were also crab meat, brócoli rob and cherry tomatoes in the dish. All of the components worked well with each other. The portion was moderate, not too much and not too little. Overall 5/5
Desert- Salted Caramel Budino 
If you like caramel you are going to love this. Smooth thick layer of delicious caramel followed by a layer a smooth cream and in the bottom are what look like smashed bits of Oreo cookies. All topped with sea salt. Amazing desert. Overall 5/5I travel the country and I'm fortunate to eat at some amazing places, BUT this restaurant is top 5!!!! The Sheep's Milk Ricotta is a must- it's the first thing you order before looking at the menu!!!!  I could swim in that dish.  The meatball app was as good as any family meatball I've ever had.  The Aspargo Pizza is ridiculous!!!  Also tried the Smoked Trout Tartine - very good.  I'm not a dessert person and tried a taste of the Salted Carmel Budino - GET IT!!!!!!Went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon the weekend of the Philadelphia Marathon.  Was able to get a seat at the bar (a plus for being solo), though no TVs for any college football games.  I ordered the sangria to drink, very good.  I ordered the cavatappi for lunch and it was a good small bite to eat.  It had a smoky taste to it that seemed to disappear the more you ate it.  Perfect serving size though, as I wouldn't have wanted anything bigger.  If you're going for dinner, get a reservation because I tried the night before for dinner and it was minimum 45 minutes for a table with a bar that was first come, first serveExcellent center city option for just for great food, drinks, and overall ambiance.  I have been a number of times and I am always very pleased with everything I get.  Sometimes when I am dining out at another place nearby, I will stop through on my way home to get some dessert to-go.  Their salted caramel budino is so very addicting.  Looking forward to going back soon.Intimate and cozy. For two people we got 3 plates (one of which was an appetizer), for about $40. It was enough food for us both and we left feeling like we had a good variety of the menu. The food was fantastic. I definitely recommend the Sheep's Milk Ricotta. It was unbelievableCame here for dinner during Restaurant Week and I am truly in love.  We were sat immediately due to reservations made on OpenTable which was good because they were still packed at 9pm.  
I ordered the Basil lemonade which was refreshing and had a little zing because of the vodka.  We were given a chefs choice appetizer which had two types of crostini.  One with pickled radish drizzled with balsamic and one with roasted red peppers spread with hummus.  Both were very good.  From their prixe fix menu I ordered, the sheeps milk ricotta, pan seared gnocchi, salted caramel budino and I was in heaven.  The sheeps milk ricotta was rich and creamy and paired perfectly with the ripe figs and balsamic.  One item I was dying to try and glad I did!  The gnocchi was buttery and cooked to perfection.  They were bigger than most gnocchi I've had and that was a perfect surprise.  I've had the salted caramel budino once before, but that did not but a damper on how excited I was to enjoy it again.  The salted caramel on top of the pudding and the chocolate crust makes for a great balance of salty and sweet.  Although I could have done with a pinch less salt, it was still amazing.  
All in all, loved it!  & I'm so obsessed that I'm coming back for my birthday.This place was everything it was cracked up to be. Booked a reservation for a 9:15 dinner for two. The highlights of the meal were the beginning and the end. Started with the sheep's milk ricotta, which blew me away. The salted caramel budino, to finish, was almost too good. In between, from the meatballs to the pizza to risotto balls - delicious. Service was quick and effecient. Definitely a favorite. I will be back.I came here for restaurant week and went with the 3 course dinner.  EVERYTHING WAS FANTASTIC!!
It started with 2 complimentary chefs items, the white bean & roasted garlic crostini with smoked tomato, roasted pepper, and basil and the roasted and shaved radishes on a french baguette, with butter, Maiden sea salt, bang cauda and chevril.
The appetizer I selected was the Sherpa milk ricotta with cherry soaked figs, extra virgin olive oil, bin cotto, herbs and sea salt PHENOMENAL!
The main course I selected was the pan seared gnocchi with guanciale, baby tomatoes, smoked corn, trumpet mushrooms and truffle butter. PHENOMENAL!
The desert I selected was the salted caramel budino with dark chocolate curst, vanilla bean. caramel and sea salt... It was very very rich but delicious!
I was alone for this adventure and sat at the bar.  The bartender was great in his recommendations for dinner and chatting with me.
This was by far my FAVORITE dining experience for the 5 days I was in Philly!  I can't wait to come back, just to eat HERE!!It was raining outside and had to eat with some atmosphere. Made to feel at home sitting at the chefs bar  (ask for it) and was able to converse with all of the line chefs.
 Made some share ables out of one of the signature pizzas (margarita) and a pasta plate (orecchiette). There was not a thing for them to clean up.
Followed up with a sweet tooth necessity budino. Walked out completely sated.I'm from New York, maybe because so I have had better budino. I ordered that just because I saw 300 ish people rave about it in this yelp page. I was disappointed. Could have gone for the bread pudding if I hadn't seen this raving reviews.Delicious! The Sheep's milk ricotta was smooth and creamy and the salted caramel budino dessert was fantastic (it comes in a small mason jar and is absolutely heavenly. I've been back multiple times to takeout that dessert and am picking up a few jars for Christmas Eve dinner.OK OK, I get it...YELP Inflation.
This was a good meal. The two of us visiting from afar enjoyed the meal. The service was fine. Our only, umm.. this is where I usually get attacked from other Yelpers..we really thought the prices were steep considering the plates. Yes, yes, the plates were over all successful, but very expensive for the portion on the plate. Ok lets have some fun and I'll list the tastings. 
SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA - very good, nope excellent. but the portion was just on this side of a child's portion
ROASTED MARROW BONE - An OK rendition. Needed a load more seasoning, bland fat. no value here. Pass on this.
CURED MEAT BOARD - This was total disappointment. Quite expensive for the selection. Server mumbled what was on the board. Cured meats ok, but over all a miss.
GRILLED MEDITERRANEAN OCTOPUS - Very good. Also an excellent value
PAN SEARED SHRIMP AND PORK BELLY - Another total Miss. Two at best medium Shrimp, Where was the Pork Belly? CALLING ALL PORK BELLYS!!! Missing in action. Skip this, on this side of a crash and burn and over priced because...Pork Belly?? Where??
BRAISED SHORTRIB - Tasted good, BUT AGAIN two very small ribs for 17 bucks?? Come on...are you for real? I would say this was a ....rip off.  Should have been 11 bucks and offered as an appetizer. 17 dollars??? Stick this in your short rib!
Dessert was tepid Coffiee. (Does anyone serve hot coffee anymore?) and Bread Putting which was very sweet. Then again Bread Putting is supposed to be sweet dumb arse.
For two including tip was 160 buckaroos. WAYY WAYY to much for what was served.
Food was a-ok. Service was ok...the value just sucked. There are so many great places now in this city to dine for 80 dollars a person, this would not be top 30 choice.
FATTY SAYS..... Where is the Pork Belly you mutha!Wow great food and friendly staff.  Wasn't disapointed and we sat in front of the chef and watched them do magic.I can honestly say this is one of the best meals I have had in a while. I dined with my mom on a Sunday night at it was packed! The restaurant is pretty small but very charming. We had reservations so we were seated immediately. The waitress recommended each diner to order two dished because the menu was small plates. Between the two of us we shared two dishes, a side, and a dessert and it was plenty. The branzino with pesto was so fresh and light. The potato noche with truffles was delicious and just the right size (despite that I was full I could have continued eating it)! Also split a warm vegetable salad with bread crumbs and olive oil. I didn't know lettuce could be so delicious! Finally, we ended the meal with a warm apple cinnamon bread pudding. The salty caramel bindo was recommended to us by a friend but we weren't feeling that adventurous. Fortunately the bread pudding did not disappoint! It was tempting not to want to lick the bowl clean :) Such an amazing dinner, I cannot wait to go back!Saturday night we had dinner at Barbuzzo and it was excellent. We had a seat at the bar facing the open kitchen. It was nice watching how they prepare the food with great care. We had the cheese board, the pork popcorn, some pasta and the really delicious mia pera pizza. That pizza was amazing! Also the warm apple bread pudding with vanilla ice cream and caramel was great. 
This is definitely one of the best places in the city!Really Good!! Stopped in at Barbuzzo for lunch. My fiancée and I opted to go with an App, a pizza and a couple of pastas. I'll start by saying that you just order the Whipped Ricotta appetizer! I've grown particularly fond of whipped Ricotta since I've been going to In Riva in East Falls a lot lately. But the one here is simply phenomenal! 
For the pizza course, we went with the Cinghiale. Delicious. Crust was nice and charred, just how it should be done. Flavors were excellent together. Next time we'll try the Uovo pizza. 
As far as pastas go, we went with the Cavatappi and the Strozzapretti. Both so delicious.
I will say though that as good as Barbuzzo was, I think I'd still go to Vetri's Osteria for a nice, homie plate of pasta. But Barbuzzo definitely made it a tough decision. We will definitely be trying our Marcie's other locations in the near future.Definitely love the food and its excellent service. But the restaurant was so crowded. I saw customers even the waiters/waitresses had difficulties to walk through tables.5 out of 5 stars. The owners really hit the nail on the head with this place. Everything I had there was enjoyable. I believe the bartenders name was brady, really nice guy who gave great suggestions. I could see this place becoming somewhere I frequent.
Keep it up!Great appetizers, inventive thin crust pizzas.  Restaurant was narrow, tables close together, so my elbows were hit a few times by customers and servers, but other than that I would recommend the food and drinks.I found the Philly equivalent to Ecco in Atlanta. An excellent choice. As a business traveler with no reservation, I snuck in early and sat at the bar. A great way to get a seat at a nice restaurant when you need to make a last minute choice and are alone.Wow!! This place is a gem.  With so many reviews, the secret has been out.  I'm just late getting the memo.  My review is probably a continuation to what so many reviewers have already stated, but I will still add my two cents.  
The restaurant decor is nice, but the space of the restaurant is very small, so small that the woman next to our table apologized in advance if she sat in my lap by accident while she was being seated.  
The food is served tapas style.  I was worried that I would either leave hungry or spend a lot of money to be full.  Fortunately, neither one of my fears were true.  The Sheep's Milk Ricotta was served with toasted bread.  It had a creamy-velvety texture; I enjoyed sopping up the Ricotta with the perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  This was the first dish to come out and it was a great way to start the evening.  The roasted and raw beet salad came out shortly after the Ricotta.  The salad was good, but I wasn't blown away, only because I've had my share of beets and raw kale salads.  The Mortadella pizza was excellent and was a lot bigger than what I expected!  Who would have thought that a bologna pizza would taste so great?  I wish I would have thought of this when I was a kid eating so many bologna sandwiches.  I digressed.  The tagliatelle was wonderful.  The pasta was al dente.  The lamb was moist and tender.  Desert was a no brainer; I had to try to salted caramel budino.  My desert lived up to all of the lofty YELP reviews.  
The service was excellent and every dish I had was stellar!  Thank you Barbuzzo for a memorable dining experience.I arrived to Philly on a Thursday and was craving pizza. I yelped and this place came up first and closest to my hotel. When I first walked in, the tables were extremely loud and I was worried that I was going to be seated there. But the wait was about 20 minutes and we were luckily seated in the back where it was much quieter. Our waitress was extremely sweet and answered all of my questions about the menu since it was like another language to me. We got the asapargo pizza and gnocchi pasta. The portions were small but filling at the same time. Both were delicious and I would definitely return next time I come back to Philly.A friend took me here. I really liked the atmosphere it's very cozy and even if the place is actually pretty crowded it doesn't make you seem like it. The bar is designed nicely and food are good to share. We ordered plenty of dishes to share and the started with squid was pretty sour, the meatball with cheese filling was really heavy, the Brussels sprouts are really good tho, the pizza margarita is really good! We also had two desserts: the tiramisu and the caramel pudding. Make sure you save some stomach space for the dessert! This place is suitable for many occasions! Recommend!Finally!!! A decent place to eat on 13th street's restaurant mecca..Reservations are definitely in order as this stylishly modern restaurant was bursting at the seams.. Unlike many of its neighbors this one is not BYOB, which in this instance is fantastic since their Sangria is to die for..
Lots of different options ranging from cheese and meat plates to pizzas and pasta dishes. After throwing back a few sangrias I hungrily dug into the pizza we ordered, which as I recall was topped with a variety of mushrooms and is no longer on the menu. Lets just say that this pizza was delicious and vastly better than its neighbor's (Zavino).. For an entree I ordered a delicious roast chicken with polenta on the side. The portion was huge, the plating cumbersome and awkward as my large chicken did not have enough room on the small wooden platter, and the flavors were fantastic.. 
No room for dessert but I can't wait to return and try more. Portions are vastly larger than your typical tapas joints...Strongly recommend. Went for restaurant week and it did not disappoint. We ordered all different things, but I'll give the highlights. 
The sheeps milk ricotta almost stole the show from the get-go. It was unbelievably tasty and the bread that came with it was crazy good. 
Next, the arancini. Crunchy outside but the rice and cheese inside was insane. Not a big fan of mushroom so I was skeptical, but it was very light on the mushroom side so I was pleased. 
The pan seared gnocchi was what I was looking forward to and it did NOT disappoint. Strongly recommend this as your entree. 
Finally, the star of the meal...the salted caramel budino. The perfect mixture of everything you want in a dessert. From the cake at the bottom to the sea salt...perfect.Amazing Mediterranean food! The quality and flavors of every single dish will blow you away. What I particularly love about this place is the freshness of its ingredients and the combinations they make.  Definitely highly recommended looking for amazing, well-made food!Love the fresh ingredients and amazing drinks! We usually always start with my favorite, the cheese board. Always a great assortment of cheeses. The Funghi pizza is my favorite. The crust is so light and amazing, it just melts in your mouth. Love that they have this spice oil and dried herbs that they give with all their pizzas. Must try this place! Great to sit outdoors in the spring/summer and enjoy the city.I wanted to love Barbuzzo.  I really did.  But... hot damn is this place claustrophobic!
When I say claustrophobic, I really do mean it.  I normally don't mind cute, cozy little restaurants, but I felt like they tried to pack in way more tables than they should.  And the tables are so tiny-- for example, our pizza was placed on the table and it was hanging over the edge--- in the middle of the main walkway through the restaurant.  Someone literally almost knocked our overpriced pizza onto the floor.  OK, so it sounds like I have a mental issue when it comes to small spaces- I don't.  I just want to reiterate that there are tables that are very uncomfortable here- so if that may bother you, proceed with caution.  And try to come in a group of 4 or less.  Two would be preferable.
Anywho, the rest of the experience made up for this.  The service was good, and the food was great.  We went with the Sheeps Milk Ricotta (excellent- especially the bread it came with), Cinghiale Pizza ( I was not very impressed with the pizza- it was very good, but I wasn't blown away), Pan Seared Gnocchi (again, very good but not great), and the highly praised caramel budino (very delicious and completely worthy of the hype- this alone would be cause for a repeat visit).
Price wise, I felt it was a little high, but that is to be expected in this neighborhood.  I was let down by the pizza- I had heard it referred to as the best pizza in the city and I would not agree with that.  I WILL definitely be visiting again, however, and perhaps ask to be seated at a better table.really fresh and great food; loved the meatball and the pizza
the salted caramel budino was one of the bet desserts i have ever had!!! i highly recommend the budino!!Awesome.  If you haven't had bone marrow, you should try it here.   It's great.  The food is wonderful and service is good.  Sometimes feels like you're sitting on top of the table next to you, but it's well worth the amazing food.This place was absolutely delicious!! Everything my family and I got was wonderful. The pizza was phenomenal, and I just got back from 5 months in Italy! Great bang for your buck!!The food here is so good, literally anything you get will be amazing. The sheeps milk ricotta and the pizza are the best for sure. The only reason this isn't a five is because they RUSH you so much!!! They clearly try to get you out in an hour and it definitely makes the experience less enjoyable. I love this place and will go back, but they should definitely be more aware of making an enjoyable relaxing dining experience.Have been going there for quite a few time, and I must say, I can't get enough of their pizza, even though I'm generally not a pizza fan!!! Love their Verdure and Macellaio!!! For desert, don't miss their salted caramel Budino!!! You will fall in love with it!!! They have outdoor seating in warmer time which is a plus.My lady & I went here on the day after Thanksgiving and had a marvelous experience. We arrived before the place even opened for dinner and there was a short line outside the front door. A good sign. There were so many reservations that we had to sit at the bar, which was fine, since the bartender was quick with the drinks and they were GOOD. My lady had the basil lemonade number--highly recommended, and I had a simple vodka up with olives. 
Just as we were getting tucked in to the menu, the maître'd came over to invite us to a table which had just opened up in the dining room. We cashed out at the bar (Pro tip: don't transfer your bill, let the bartender get his tip for the work that he's done) and alighted to the table. Then, there was supper:
Two salads, roasted butternut squash with cumin yoghurt and the other, shaved Brussels sprouts with apple. Do. Not. Miss. Entrées: Campanella pasta with mushrooms and lemon-preserved walnuts and the other, ricotta cavatelli with lamb ragu. Both stupendous. 
Our server was helpful and patient. On the way out, I told the maître that I'd write this review. I have kept my word. We will return. You should go!My wife and I agree this was one of the best dining experiences we have had in recent memory. It also cemented my appreciation for the crowd-sourcing ability of social media and Yelp.
We had just arrived in Philadelphia after a pleasant day of travel, checked into the hotel, and I jumped on Yelp to look for a dinner spot. Barbuzzo met my filters and we went without a reservation. That might not have turned out well since they were packed. The host offered us seats at the dinner bar (think sushi bar, but facing the cook chefs) which we gladly accepted, but then he looked at an empty 4-top and said "You know what. We had a no-show. I think we have room. Take this table." How generous was that?
Our friendly waitress developed immediate rapport with my wife and 14 year-old son -- which delighted me. She explained that most people order about 2 plates per person and share, and that the plates come out one at a time as they are cooked. Thom chose 2 items (pan-seared gnochi, coniglio pizza), Amy chose 2 items (buffalo mozzarella salad, grilled bistro steak), and I added a dish of oriental noodles with shellfish.
Each item was extraordinary. The best ingredients, each selected to compliment or contrast with the other, and cooked perfectly.
We'll go again.Always pleased with the lovely lunches here - fresh ingredients, nice enough ambiance, even if everyone is on top of one another (not a good place for an intimate conversation!)Excellent and atmospheric place in Philly. Interesting menu, mostly small-ish shareable items. Pizza is great too (crust is just right, toppings are decent too). Overall an intimate, casual, but high-end (food) spot.In town for business. Checked out places to go. Web site looked alright. Was in the mood for steak. Could not get table ... Sat at bar. Wound up having beet salad for starters. Almond cake for dessert. Service is the best! Food real good too. Website does not do the place justice ...Barbuzzo has lost its touch. Up until recently I have been a Barbuzzo loyalist for years since the restaurant opened, but feel as if the quality is declining. We will most likely find other Italian restaurants in the future. 
Firstly, we ate indoors in what had to be 80 degree temperatures. Our party was actually sweating as we ate, getting hotter as the evening went on. None of the wait staff acknowledged anything about the heat.
It was rose week and they offered exclusively rose wines (which no one seemed to be thrilled about) other than a house generic white and red. We asked for a dry full bodied recommendation, and ended up with a overly sweet juice-like wine we didn't even finish. The pan seared gnocchi (which is usually one of my favorite things on the menu), was undercooked, seared on only 1 side, and way too doughy. Very disappointing. 
Although our evenings usually conclude with the signature caramel budino, we couldn't sit any longer in puddles of sweat and snagged the bill, leaving lots of uneaten food on our plates.Barbuzzo suggests 2 dishes per person, but I think 2 dishes is more than enough to feel stuffed! I came with a date, and we started off with the bone marrow appetizer, which had great presentation and flavor - there was plenty of marrow meat and the pickled vegetables accompanied the fatty marrow well. Next, we ordered the meatballs, which were juicy, stuffed with cheese, AND covered in cheese and tomato sauce!!! Oh, and these meatballs were very large! Coupled with the mushroom pizza (chewy crust, sizable handfuls of mushrooms and cheese), the meatball dish was pretty heavy. I would definitely suggest washing some of the food down with something from the drinks list - they have an interesting collection, and our server seemed knowledgeable.
Last but not least, we ordered the salted caramel budino!!!! So delicious (but really felt all the saturated fat kicking in) - I think I discovered another stomach pocket for this dessert, haha.
Ambiance is good, although quite loud around dinner time. You'll have to lean over your food to participate in conversation. And definitely make sure to make a reservation in advance!I've been to Barbuzzo a total of 2 times in the past month and it's one of my favorite restaurants ever and I travel around the world all the time. I've been to most of Europe and Asia and most of the restaurants I've been to isn't as good as this. Although they're dishes are small, it allows you to try many things which is one of my favorite things about Barbuzzo. growing up in a big family we LOVE to share food this even when it's 2 people, you can still try a lot of dishes and share them! all the dishes have GREAT flavor especially their pizza. the pizzas are freshly made with perfect sauce and seasoning and crust. I would go JUST for the pizza because it's THAT amazing. great place!This restaurant is kind of like tapas styles. The plates are on the smaller side and meant to be shared. It's Mediterranean so they have everything from seafood pastas to pizza. My favorite dish was the cauliflower pizza, it was delicious. We also had pasta with scallops that were perfectly cooked. 
Normally you need a reservation to get in here, there aren't many seats. Unfortunately we had a group of 5 so one of us had to sit in the aisle where people were constantly trying to get by. The place is very intimate so naturally the lightening is very dark you need a cell phone light to read the menu.
The staff was very friendly and attentive. They came by quickly and often to ask if we needed anything. Overall the food was amazing. The ambience was great to, just a little to dark for my liking.Get the sheep's milk ricotta and, after you are finished, take a few minutes to reflect on the perfect food moment you just experienced.  Then, walk out into the street and let yourself get hit by a car, as everything else that happens from that point forward would inevitably be a disappointment in comparison.Solid would be the choice word to describe this joint. not AH-MAY-ZING or  melt your panties off good.  
I've been only once and tasted only 4 items
- chicken & duck liver mouse - meh, not the best I've had, (see Animal or go to any BLT Steak/etc) and it was served in the worst way, thin slivers of crispy baguette toasts. Toast points would have been a better choice.
- grilled octopus & calamari - I liked the concept, the flavors were dead on.  The texture of some of the octopus seemed suspect that it may have been frozen ... for too long. It disintegrated, lost some of the firmness
- Fico - solid pizza, we left the prosciutto off as my dinner companion didn't eat any 4 legged meat. But I think it would have complicated matters.  figs and gorgonzola was enough flavor combos.
- Fideua - also solid, the noodles were still al dente and not mushy.  I dug it, the shrimp and mussels were big and hearty
I'd probably go back, but I don't quite understand the long wait. Tell me, did I miss something?Ever since I've moved to this city I've heard about Barbuzzo's crazy well-known pasta. I starred this place and chose to bring my friend who was visiting here on her birthday. The toasted bread that came with was incredible, something about the sauce kept people wanting more of the bread! The pasta was well-deserved and really was one of the best housemade pasta noodles I've ever had, the portion (the pasta) was actually a little small for one person, even for two girls with fairly small appetite. We also had a pizza recommended by the waiter, and it was amazing as well. Overall it was an impressive experience, we did wish we had more of the pasta though!The food here, is incredible. The kale and beet salad with goat cheese is probably the best I have ever had; the orange segments give it an extra welcome tang. I had the chicken which was probably the most flavorful chicken I have ever had. And for dessert, the salted caramel budino is probably one of the simplest, yet most rich and delicious desserts I have ever had. And I'm a trained pastry chef - I know a good dessert when I taste one.I did not have the best experience here. Like other reviewers, I found the prices to be quite steep and the place was very loud. If you like a loud buzzing atmosphere, this is for you, but I was there to chat with my friend over what I hoped would be a leisurely meal and I could barely hear her over the cacophony. 
We had wine by the glass that was OK, but at $12 bucks per glass - it should have been better. We had the burrata salad, which was the high point of the meal with its tart notes offset by the buttery and creamy burrata. Then, we shared a truffled pasta that was so drenched in butter and oil that I could only pick at it. We also shared a hanger steak that was OK, but I was not wild about it being drenched in a weird red sauce. At least I think it was red - the place was so dimly lit that I could barely make out what I was eating. 
Overall, I would pop in for a drink and a snack, but I don't think I want a full meal here.i have held off on reviewing barbuzzo for several reasons. 
1. i wanted to make sure the awesomeness wasn't a fluke. 5 times later, i've been assured it most certainly is not.
2. as a result of its consistent awesomeness, it's often difficult to get a table there. and the more i rave about this place, the more i hurt my chances of getting a rezzie
3. seriously, #2 again, for emphasis. 
but the conclusion is, that barbuzzo is too good not to share with people. i can say, without exaggeration, that it's easily in my top 5 faves in philly. and i'd even go as far as to say that it's usually top 1 or 2. 
what's good, you ask? i'd answer - EVERYTHING and it seems the menu items will have slight seasonal variations. but here are some specifics - my faves from the most recent dinner there. 
sheeps milk ricotta
fresh made and drizzled with olive oil, sea salt and usually some sort of wine reduction, it's light, creamy, with just the slightest tang from the vin cotto that keeps bringing you back in for more. spread it over the toasted slice of bread that accompanies it and conversation will stop until all is consumed. 
summer risotto: caramelized torpedo shallows + asaparagus + favas 
creamy. rich. nutty. fightworthy. the portion of this is small (not really, but it will seem small because you'll want to eat more of it), but it's rich and hearty enough that it will sate you. if there are more than 2 of you, you might want to consider getting another. the 4 of us were scraping the plate. 
asparago pizza: shaved asparagus + pancetta + secret white sauce + fior di latte (a type of mozzarella made from cow's milk) + truffle + farm egg
people used to rave about the uovo pizza, but this asparago (which i view as the evolution of its predecessor uovo), seriously elevates pizza. the pancetta has the perfect saltiness to balance the rich truffle flavor and the egg. whereas the guanciale in the previous version maybe provided bursts of salty flavor, the pancetta distributes it evenly over the entire pizza, really helping to bring it all together. i'm not sure what's in the 'secret' white sauce, but it may as well be crack because we really had to restrain ourselves from licking that pan clean as well. (ok, maybe we have a problem with licking our food plates) but really, it's that good. 
pan seared gnocci: smoked corn, trumpet mushrooms, tomatoes, prosciutto, grana 
everything gnocci should be - soft and plump delicious with the sweetness of the corn and earthiness of the mushrooms, the semi tart bite of tomatoes, and the salt of the meat keeping it interesting. 
caciocavallo stuffed meatballs: shortrib + pork + calabrian chile 
honestly. i don't even know what to say about this other than this is stuffed with unicorn magic, happiness and enlightenment. best meatballs ever. in life. on earth. this universe. 
trecce: twisty pasta + mushrooms + arugula + lemon-walnut pesto + ricotta
originally, we ordered this as consolation to our vegetarian friend who couldn't eat any of the meaty things. but it turned out to be such a pleasant surprise. the lemon-walnut pesto was really bright and lovely with the mushrooms and arugula. definitely a dish you could keep eating w/out getting tired of it.
and of course... the BUDINO. yes, forget your diet. just get one. or better yet, everyone at the table get your own. worth it. 
as for the other desserts, i will say, they were a bit disappointing. but learn the lesson here - never stray from the budino!I love this restaurant.  Great atmosphere and incredible farm fresh food!  definitely one of my Philly fav's.I came here for lunch. Sat at the bar! It has a great selection of drinks and a great menu! I had one pizza for myself... I was stuffed! 
It was the pizza with pear and some sort of meat, I can't remember. They could stand to cut the pizza in smaller slices. I was making a mess! The server was friendly and knowledgable. Cozy place... Casual.The food here is delicious and excellent. Portions are small but you will get your fill. They use locally sourced foods that are fresh and ingredients that compliment each other. I love this place and try to get here as often as possibleLoved the ambiance & the service. The food was on the better end of so-so. It was late... in their defense. The brussel sprouts were undercooked & very tough to consume. The rest of the meal was good but not as good as I'd expected. I'd like to give it another shot as I've heard rave reviews. The pizzas looked phenomenal."Say ... would you happen to remember those TV commercials with a giant pitcher of some soft drink crashing through a wall--"
"Kool-Aid?"
"Yes!!!"
And with that, our server, who irritatingly had vanished for a number of minutes earlier in the evening--admittedly in part my fault due to my indecisiveness in selecting a drink--redeemed herself.
(My drink, the citrus-drenched sanguinello, reminded my dining partner of Kool-Aid. Or was it Hi-C?)
Barbuzzo has tones of gastropub and diner with an undercurrent of funk. A slender room rich with wood and blond brick and dense with people and noise, it was positively hopping late on a Wednesday with good vibes that were irresistible. You couldn't help but enjoy the place. I've chided our server, but in fact she was professional, friendly and upbeat, helping make this a memorable dining event.
We began with lardo--simply the best pizza I can recall. Thin and light and white, it had major char on the bottom that was a perfect foil to the almost sweet melange of artichoke and cheeses on top. It was a fairly good-sized pizza, but it didn't last long.
They say that good things come in small packages, and that was true of the next dish, sheep's milk ricotta ravioli. Five tiny pasta nuggets, balanced with a feather-light sofrito of tomatoes, peperoncini and more, were scarfed up in seconds.
Not content with the above, we then ordered pre-dessert: sheep's milk ricotta and figs. Set before us were four seared crostini surrounding a slathering of an outrageously smooth ricotta and heavenly vincotta blend, topped with the aforementioned figs, tender and sweet. We took our time with this dish; it was positively savored.
Full-on dessert was the budino. A small jar of Italian pudding, with a dark chocolate crust underneath and sensual vanilla caramel atop, well ... at this point Barbuzzo was hitting below the belt. Uh, so to speak.
Someday we'll return and exact our revenge on this fantastic restaurant.Comments/ concerns: 
- Packed! It was Thursday night after all.
- Only got to choose what was on a "victory menu." (I think that's what it was called) Not sure what that was. It was real limited but sounded awesome!
- Dish was about $15...dessert was $8. Not too shabby.
- Entree portion was tiny! Still felt hungry afterwards, hence the dessert.
- Last but not least, holy cow my bread pudding came with
...bacon gelato.
Yes, sir, it did :) Delicious!After looking at several options we chose to visit Barbuzzo before our concert. We were surprised that for a Monday it was crowded but granted it, it's a small restaurant with limited seating. 
We were seated at a two top that was VERY snug and even more when another couple day next to us. It was hard to have a private conversation when your neighbors could hear what you said and then wanted to participate in conversation. It's not Europe and this was not communal seating.
We started looking at the menu and our waiter told us that everything in the menu was considered for sharing. We were not happy with this since the website did not indicate that it was small plates or like tapas. 
The menu was clearly labeled with starters, pizzas, salads and vegetables, pastas, and plates. We just figured it was full plates for dining. I felt like it was bait & switch. 
We ordered drinks with a Gentian Negroni & beer. The negroni was absolutely delicious. We made the best of the place and ordered a pizza to share later ordering one plate and one pasta.
The pizza was very good and well made. What then happened was upsetting. Our plates did not come together. My husband's skirt steak came out first and my lamb shank parpadelle dish came out 10 minutes later.
You know, it's upsetting when staff never explain the process of a restaurant. A simple description of the experience would have been helpful. There was an abject lack of concern for our dining experience. 
When we asked where our second plate was he told us that we should share our meat plate because they all come at different times. Seriously??? Unbelievable and atrocious. My husband are good cold and I ate mine hot. We did not want to share. Don't tell me how to eat my food.
Ultimately the food was tasty, but in reality it's a place for people with money to blow.13th street is probably most favorite street in Philadelphia and now I have another love there. A friend and I went to Barbuzzo last night with the intention of ordering the restaurant week menu.  We went with the option of ordering off the full dinner menu because everything looked too good to pass up.  We started with the sanguinello cocktails, perfect for such an unseasonably warm day. The sheep's milk ricotta was so good and unique we couldn't even find the words  to describe. The vine tomato app we ordered was also delicious. We shared a margherita pizza and the smoked shrimp.  The shrimp was a realively small portion (3 pieces) but the accompanying polenta was amazing! We also used the pizza crust to soak up every bit ouf the sauce from the shrimp dish. And the desserts! We ordered bread budding and the  budino.  Both were scrumptious.  I would go any day just for the dessert! 
Overall an amazing meal at a reasonable price.  This will be the new place for me to bring guests from out of town!Let me just say that I have had to listen to my flatmate rave passionately about this place for the past three months, so I came in with sky-high expectations.
We snagged a 9:45 PM day-of reservation online, but happened to be in the area and dropped in an hour early. We were luckily able to grab two seats at the chef's counter instead and shared four items between the two of us.
A quick rundown:
1. Fava bean and preserved lemon arancini. Yes. YES. YES. This was amazing and done perfectly. The risotto balls, paired with the watermelon radish and lemon aioli, were heavenly. Unfortunately, they were so good, my friend had to put up with me trying to convince her that we absolutely needed to another one of these (spoiler: she didn't give in).
2. Mortadella pizza. This was decent, and I probably would've loved it more if I weren't still having fits of ecstasy about the arancini when this came out, so it admittedly was at a disadvantage. 
3. Pan-seared gnocchi. By this time, I had mostly recovered from the arancini and was a little more cognizant of what I was eating. The charred corn was a genius touch and was perfect for the dish.
4. Salted caramel budino. SWEET BABY JESUS. I bombarded the Snapchat servers with my love for this dessert. I know everyone has said how perfect this is, but I have to say it again: this is perfect. A tip from one glutton to another: be brave and dig deep, so you get the dark chocolate crust at the very bottom together with everything else in one bite. 
Food aside, Barbuzzo has one of the best sangrias I've had. The service was also impeccable and attentive, with the plates timed perfectly.
On the whole, I have to say that I love the concept behind Barbuzzo. So many things on the menu looked appealing--can't wait to visit again and to try its sister restaurants as well.Favorite spot in the city this far. 
My boyfriend and I are never disappointed leaving here. It's always amazing! Such great food, service, and atmosphere. I will recommend this place time and time again. Everything on the menu is amazing but always order the chocolate Carmel budino for dessert.Food:
* Uovo pizza was good: fresh, hot, thin crust.
* Mushroom bruschetta: a bit too rich for my taste, very oily. Served on 2 huge pieces of bread, difficult to split.
* Olives: good, they throw in a bunch of Rosemary. Good but nothing out of the ordinary.
* Mulled cider sorbet: way way way too sweet. Served with granola, couldn't take more than a couple bites. 
Overall, since I don't eat red meats and I can't have heavy foods due to acid reflux, their menu wasn't the best for me. Boo.
Service was decent, food came out relatively quickly. Lacking in menu options but good place for pizza and drinks.I had the Grilled Mediterranean Octopus with the Salted Caramel Budino for dessert.  Both were terrific.  This place was great.Saw lots of good reviews. The food is good enough. But, I walked away hungry and thinking it wasn't worth the cost.Always love this place! Ordered a handful of things - foie gras torchon, heirloom tomato panzanella, pan seared gnocchi with peas & mushrooms, grilled skirt steak, and finished with the most decadent caramel budino. The flavors were great, the service was excellent and we will definitely be back!!!Wow.    This place was solid from start to finish.  Outside of the place being a tad tight and a tad loud it was a great dining experience.
Cocktails were very good and not super sweet.   
Enjoyed their vegetable board very much.   
Best meatballs I have ever had in my life (should come with 2 pieces of bread vs 1)  
Chicken dish was very enjoyable with an amazing risotto.   
And the Budino caramel dessert was very good.    
This place has jump to my top 3 favorite city dining experiences easily.First time here. Very friendly waiter and gave good suggestions. Wasn't blown away like all the Yelp hype by everything but two of the items we for were incredible. We tried the barrata and mussels both which were good and savory but nothing to write home to mom about. However the uovo pizza which seems to be the other yelpaholic favorite item at this place was absolutely delicious. It was good enough to go back to again just for that. For dessert it got even better as the budino was amazing and again another reason just to go back there to eat.the food was OK. the ricotta was good but all it was is cheese and bread. i found the bread to be very salty. yechh.  the pizza was good but nothing amazing. i wished the uvoo pizza was available but it was not. we also ordered the octopus. it was alright but nothing to write home about. it did not taste as fresh as i would have expected. i have had much better and fresher tasting octopus. this is extremely important considering it is seafood.
what was amazing was the budino. other than that - i don't get the hype over this place.A staple in a great location, this small Mediterranean place has an open kitchen with brick walls and candles on every table. In the front it can be exceptionally loud, so if you'd like to hear your guests I'd suggest asking for a table in the back. This place is definitely best for small groups of 2-4. 
Their food is mostly small portioned but creative with a beautiful presentation. We ordered the smoked trout tartine which was incredible and the scallop pasta. Although small, their dishes are very filling. I also got a gin cocktail which I thought was well worth the $12.4.5 stars but rounding up to 5. 
Really delicious meal, great service. Restaurant is a bit cramped. 
Roasted beet salad- amazing. Love the pistachio pesto!
Bone marrow- overrated, wasn't a very memorable or flavorful dish
Stuffed meatball- really delicious but one was a bit burnt on the outside. Didn't stop me from gobbling it up though!
Gnocchi- melt in your mouth good
Salted caramel dessert - so so good, it's a must have
Raspberry bread pudding - nothing special 
Overall, my mom and I had a really great meal here. Though, as noted, while some items were superb and worth raving about. Others were forgettableReally enjoyed the experience, and ate at the sister restaurant the following night. They recognized us and gave us a free plate! Would definitely recommend it.Decided to head over to Barbuzzo on a whim one Sunday afternoon.  Called at 5 PM to see if there was a wait, and low and behold they were booked until 9:30.  BUT - there were some seats left at the kitchen bar, so we ran right over and scooped em.
The place is charming.  Tiny, and charming.  Totally 13th street.  Be warned though: if you sit towards the back of the kitchen bar, you aren't just actually four feet way from an industrial grade stove, you FEEL like you're four feet away from an industrial grade stove.  Me, though, I'm a lizard.  So I liked it.
As suggested, we ordered a slew of plates and shared.  Pig Popcorn: the conclusion here is that gourmet, 24-hour-from-pig-to-plate pork rinds taste pretty much as good as dollar store pork rinds, which are pretty damn delicious to start with.  The aioli, though, you could definitely NOT get at Dollar General.  The Roasted Beets: clearly these were excellent, locally sourced beets, and the kale was perfect, crunchy and raw.  But, good beets are good beets, and I felt sort of silly paying for something I could have so easily done at home.  The Burrata: pulled in-house, and oh so tasty, but I could have used more on the plate for the price.
Meatballs: damn good.  Our front row seats got us in on the secret behind these fantastic little meat packages: 18 iterations before *magic*.  Now that's dedication.  But keep in mind that you get TWO meatballs.  And that means each meatball costs FIVE DOLLARS.  Post meatball, I have begun to question whether or not I would have preferred to use my $5 for SIX Wawa meatballs AND a roll.... But setting aside how wildly overpriced they are, I thoroughly enjoyed every rich but delicate and creamy bite drenched in that delightfully acidic sauce.
Rock Octopus: Aside from one night at Standard Tap when the chef temporarily harbored a god as he prepared my octopus legs, this was the tenderest octopus I've ever had.  I would have appreciated a heavier hand with the spicy chorizo factor and a bit more finesse, but the little buddies did maintain their lightly citrused sea-side charm with a slight salty kick.
My conclusion here is that yes, I would go, but be prepared to drop $100 on dinner for two.  And don't believe the hype.  It's not THAT good.  It's just REALLY good.  They serve simple, well-prepared, high quality dishes.  Its just a shame that all the hype has only served to tinge each dish with unrealistic expectations and an air of unfounded disappointment.
Either way though, go once, go twice, but try to forget it's "Barbuzzo" you're in.  And close your eyes when the bill comes.Chef George works up literally THE BEST octopus that I've ever had.  Yes, a bold statement, but it's true.  He takes that rubbery cephalopod and puts it through such a ringer that it becomes more tender than an overripe fall pear.  Tender enought to smush between your tounge and the roof of your mouth.  I could go on.  Roasted beef marrow that is salty and sweet, and a host of cocktails that could have you entertained for hours, days maybe.  
I also like how this strip of restaurants around 13th btw chestnut and walnut has blown up in recent months.  Very nice, how much?I went here alone around 10 pm after working late. Restaurant & bar were very busy-a young, trendy crowd. I was seated right away. I started with the sardines, which were easy to debone and tasty I then had a pasta dish with veal & kale. A little rich, but tasty. White chocolate desert was nothing special. Service accommodating.Loved everything !! The feel, the food... The food !!! Outstanding ! Service was great. All the small plates add up quick but are more than worth the price.  Best meatballs on the planet.Wonderful food as always! This time around we finally got to the octopus and it was AMAZING. We will absolutely be getting it again. For appetizers we got the pig popcorn and the ricotta, delicious of course. We also ordered the Coppa pizza and the beet salad, wonderful as well. Along with the octopus, we got the quintessential gnocchi and it is something you simply can't go without. We finished, of course, with the quintessential Budino and tiramisu. Drinks wise, I got both the sangria and the Basil lemonade, those will sneak up on you for sure! 
My only qualm this time around, and it by no means negatively impacts our return to eat, was that the waitress made a small comment about how we had ordered a lot of food (kind of laughed and rolled her eyes about it) as she was taking our main order. I think it somewhat funny that a waitress would make a comment such as that given it's a tapas style restaurant and a couple will typically do well with 2-3 plates each -words out of her mouth- and I'm fairly certain we go that amount. We love the food so much and are fairly healthy eaters in amount of food, perhaps she was not use to people who aren't abashed about ordering exactly what they want. However, aside from her, every other member of the waitstaff that we met were lovely!
This was my boyfriend's first time at Barbuzzo and I am happy to say that all the hype I built up around it was greatly fulfilled! He--much like myself-- is eager to come back!You have to make reservations to hit this spot. We came a little earlier than our booking and there's just no place for you to wait. I heard no nothing from the host too. Four stars would be for the food because we enjoyed it.Went for the first time and the meal was awesome. Started with the sheep's milk ricotta app, which was very rich, but very delicious. Followed by the pan seared brussels sprouts, which should be a must try. They had this flavorful spice to them, wonderful! Also tried the ravioli, which was the beat part of the meal. Finished with the highly recommended Budino, it was good, however very rich.
Overall a great meal, highly recommend it.One of my favorite new spots in Philly, hands down. I came here with a close friend for dinner last night and left the restaurant soaring on cloud 9.
The place is extremely tiny but so classy and sophisticated with dim lighting and candles. We were seated towards the back of the restaurant at a table that was really close to the table next to us, which was slightly uncomfortable but nothing to complain significantly about (though it was funny to watch the guy next to us spill his wine all over his date's lap).
Let me start off by saying that the service here was just absolutely incredible. Our waiter was so genuinely excited to be at the restaurant, and was so excited about giving us recommendations and joking around with us as we told him how excited we were about the food and coming to Barbuzzo for the first time. Every time he left our table, we were left feeling even more excited about our dining experience. 
We decided on the following dishes:
+SHEEP'S MILK RICOTTA: This dish lived up to the hype. I was nervous about having really high expectations, but it turned out that my expectations were met and exceeded. The bread was warm and grilled/buttered to perfection, and the ricotta was smooth and creamy with ah hint of sweetness and spiciness. Our waiter (love him) even brought out extra baguette for us (free of charge!)
+BUTTERNUT ARANCINI: So glad we ordered this. This came with 4 balls, and each was stuffed with melty cheese. Though they appeared simple on the outside, the flavors were unique-- I wouldn't even be able to tell you what all was in the balls-- but that's what made it so awesome. The sunflower seeds added a bit of that extra punch. 
+UOVO PIZZA: One of the best and most unique pizzas I've tasted to date. The crust was perfectly soft yet crispy at the same time, and the combination of the white sauce with the cheeses and runny egg and brussels sprouts, it was truly a magnificent mouthfeel. 
+BUDINO: What can I say? This dessert dish ALSO definitely lived up to the hype. I loved all three layers, especially the chocolatey crust, and the combination of flavors was on point. Some bites were a bit saltier than others (each bite was truly a surprise of flavors), but the caramel was so sweet and warm, and that mixed with the fluffy center and crumbly bottom... to die for. 
I would definitely recommend this spot to everyone in Philly. Amazing, one-of-a-kind food (and not even outrageous prices) makes this a restaurant you don't want to miss out on.good food and service. the waitress that served us realized that my dad left his polo shirt at the table so she bothered to call us to return his shirt. she checked in with us timely while serving us and kindly explained all questions.
the place is small and the tables were too close each other that I could over hear conversations from all sides. the environment was too loud for us but if you like a loud fancy bar, it maybe your 5 star place to go to.I am happy I finally got to try this place! I was able to make reservations on the day of for 2 on Thursday night. Heads up, DEF make a reservation! 
Place- it is pretty small and the tables are very close together. I could hear my neighbors entire conversations. Walking in is a challenge so make sure you are careful I almost knocked 3 different drinks down while getting to my table all the way in the back. The decor and the ambiance feels intimate.  
Staff/Service- Since we only interacted with our waiter, it is hard to rate the overall service. I would have given the restaurant a 5, however our waiter was horrible and lacked customer service skills making our dining experience not that great. Not quite sure how he still works there. My friend and I just sat down and within a few minutes he comes to take our drink order and naturally we began talking as we had not seen each other in a while. He comes back 10 minutes later to take our drink order and we also order a starter at this point. Once we are half way done with the starter he comes back to ask if we want anything else. We told him we hadn't looked at the menu yet. He ROLLS his eyes at us and leaves. After we order our next tapas, he just drops off the dessert menu and walks away quickly without even asking us if we would like anything else to eat. Comes back 10 minutes later and we tell him we are not done ordering yet and he "sighs" and walks away. 
Food: Everything we had was over the top amazing! I could not have ben more satisfied with our selections! The portions of food are smaller. It is tapas style dining, which is great because there is so much to try! 
    Cheese Board: Absolutely delicious and all the jam, nuts, and fruit pairings were perfect. 
    Asaparago Pizza: Words can't explain how perfect it was. Brick oven with the perfect 
    amount of crispiness. It was a burst of flavors in my mouth with the cheeses, egg, truffle oil,  
    and asparagus! The truffle farm egg really put a lot of flavor into it. DELICIOUS!!
    Lemon Ricotta Tortellini: WOW! JUST WOW! Perfect amount of lemon. Had the lemon 
    flavors of a lemon ricotta cookie without the sweetness. Must try if you like anything with a 
    hint of lemon : ) 
    Pan Seared Gnocchi: It was okay. It was overall really dry, too salty, and not flavorful. Theres 
    many better options that I would go for and skip out on the gnocchi. 
Dessert: We just got one since we were stuffed from the food. The salted caramel budino gets a 5/5 from me. Perfectly decadent. I would have def ordered a 2nd one!
Overall I would come back and give this place another shot for 5/5. However if the service continues on a downward track I am going to have to cross this place off my list!Great food.  Especially the Uovo Pizza is awesome with the "secret white sauce" with the runny egg!  The gnocchi is to die for.  I dropped a star for dessert (salted caramel which was waaay over the top salty... c'mon its a dessert some sugar would be nice here).  
It gets crowded so make a reservation.Finally made it here for dinner and they didn't disappoint. Seating is tight and the restaurant is super dark but the food is amazing. Steak, veg, chicken, seafood. The menu has it all and the flavors are amazing. Great place to eat alone at the bar, as a small group or a couple. I will be back.Philly food does not disappoint! We made a reservation for 6pm on a Monday here and were seated immediately when we arrived for dinner. The restaurant is long, slightly narrow, and dimly lit with candle. This makes it a bit romantic/intimate, although it can get pretty loud during dinner and it can be a little hard to read the menu in the dim lighting. They also have great service!
We ordered the $12 Roasted Bone Marrow Sausage (grilled rustic bread, pickled mustard seeds, fennel mostarda, radish, celery, fennel, micro-thyme), the $11 Roasted and Raw Beet Salad (goat cheese, orange, tuscan kale, pistachio pesto), and the $17 Asparago Pizza (shaved asparagus, 1732 guanciale, secret white sauce, parmesan, fior di latte, truffled farm egg). ALL THREE DISHES WERE SO GOOD. The sausage was tasty and the bread underneath the bone marrow soaked up a bunch of good flavor. The salad was one of the best kale salads I've ever had (goat cheese and nuts go great with kale). The asparago pizza was simply fantastic; it did a great job of being simple AND tasting so good.
I've heard great things about Barbuzzo, and after being satisfied with all three dishes we ordered (especially the asparago pizza), I have to say that the hype is real and this is a must-try when visiting Philly!Very delicious food. I had the scallop pasta with black olive and arugula. The presentation here is fantastic, all the portions were on the smaller side but we did not leave hungry.Great food at a reasonable price. Great setting.
The Hens of the wood (wild mushrooms with goat cheese) was very tasty.  The gnocchi mushrooms was big hit with the creamy sauce. Kids loved the very thin pizza and the roasted feta.Best restaurant in Philly. Space is a little crowded and it's hard to get a table without a reservation weeks in advance. But if you really care about good food, this is the place to be. Try the gnocchi, then you will see what I am talking about.The food was delicious, the atmosphere was really nice, and the service was great.  
Get the salted caramel budino.  You can thank me after your life is completely changed.  I would honestly return just for that.  However, everything else I had was really good too.I love Barbuzzo and have had such great experiences in the past every time I've eaten here. It's close by to my house and even if you don't have reservations you can usually snag a seat at the bar. 
Last night I took two of my friends here for the first time. My one friend really likes old fashioneds and since barbuzzo has a really great one I thought it would be a great place to have a couple and a couple of budinos at the bar. When we got there, they didn't have any seats open at the bar, but we were able to sit at a table outside. When our waitress came over to take our drink and dinner orders I told her we were just going to get drinks and dessert, she said that she had to talk to the manager because usually the tables were only for people who were getting dinner during "peak hours" (8 PM). After going to check with the manager to see if we were allowed to stay at the table, the waitress came back and told us that they weren't going to kick us out and grudgingly took our order. Our bill came to $50 and we were there for about 30-45 mins, so I really don't think that warrants such attitude about not ordering an actual dinner with such a quick table turnover. I'm just disappointed because this is one of my favorite restaurants in my neighborhood and I felt really uncomfortable. Hopefully next time won't be so hostile.We didn't have reservations but managed to squeeze in at the bar. Great pizza and worth checking out! I can see why this place is consistently ranked one of the highest for restaurants and pizza places.I feel bad about giving out so many 5 star reviews (and I should probably curve at the end of the year) but Barbuzzo really was exemplary. This review is a long time overdue, since I stopped in during restaurant week. But I can tell you what stands out in your memory a month after you've eaten it: the Bronzino. This fish was perfectly cooked, the skin crispy while the flesh tender. It was perfectly seasoned, with just the right balance of salt and seasoning and spices that were very delicate in order to complement the natural taste without overwhelming it. My mouth still waters thinking about it. The tiramisu was also very flavorful, and surprisingly light. Even more impressive, I was in and out for lunch in an extremely busy Center City restaurant in about half an hour, despite being packing in cheek by jowl.After hearing lots and lots of good things and after my Twitter feed being dominated by Barbuzzo buzz (yukk yukk yukk) for weeks on end, I was elated to have snagged, four days in advance, what seemed like the last reservation left for the entire weekend. I always feel weird getting somewhere right at the moment it opens and being first, but that weird senstation didn't last and the restaurant filled up fast. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the space since I was anticipating much more cramped quarters. The table next to us was close, but not unbearably close and I was fine with the idea of another couple being sat there.
The service was great here from start to finish, our server was pleasant, helpful, and good natured. She was well-informed and willing to answer questions. So good! We were offered an explanation of the menu, when I explained my vegetarian preference, she gave a run through of the entire menu - what is already veg-friendly and what could be made sans viande. After a quick breeze through our options, we decided on the following: sheeps milk ricotta with bread, the "uovo" pizza (without guanicale, which according to my pre-meal Google search is high grade bacon), the gnocchi, and the grilled branzino. Everything was really spectacular and added up to one of the most perfect meals I've had in Philly.
The sheeps milk ricotta recommended by our server and had also both peaked my interest while looking at the menu at my desk earlier in the day. The ricotta was creamy, slightly sweet, and perfect. The accompanying bread was crisply grilled and just olive oily enough. The four slices of bread given is enough if you're very generous with your application of the ricotta, but I did feel a pang of regret when I saw our future boothmates order the same thing and request additional bread. For this, I blame myself, but I live without regret. The gnocchi followed and the little starchy nuggets of delight were buttery (truffle buttery) and browned to perfection and complimented by cubes of veggies (had to consult the menu - apple & kohlrabi) and soft slivers of mushroom. The uovo pizza, which came as a "we can make this veg" recommendation was rich, thanks the egg and truffles, without being heavy, balanced out by the brussel sprout leaves and thinly stretched cheese. For Mike's sake, perhaps we should have asked for meat on half of it, but relationships are all about compromise and he enjoyed the pizza regardless. 
The true highlight of our meal was the BRANZINO. WTF. I can tell when Mike is really enjoying something because he gets mad quiet and serious looking. I, on the other hand, laugh and repeat over and over how delicious something is. This is what happened with the branzino. After consuming the first quarter of the grilled fish Mike declared it as, easily, one of the most delicious things he's ever eaten. A lofty statement, but I seconded his emotion. The pesto atop the fish and the unidentifiable grain (my bad) beneath complimented the fish perfectly, creating a salty, perhaps even ZESTY combo. It was incredible. You can tell because I used a lot of caps just now. See?
The dessert was, as anticipated, another highlight. We split the apple bread pudding and the famous salted caramel budino. Obviously the budino was heavenly and lived up to all the hype and more. I could have eaten three more, probably. But the bread pudding, served warm with a scoop of melty vanilla gelato is nothing to sneeze at, either. Both desserts were the perfect end to a perfect meal.
Barbuzzo is a five-star dining experience, and is as good as it gets. The service, the food, the atmosphere, the fountain soda, the price, the everything. I'm happy to have finally tried Barbuzzo and can now agree with and contribute to the hype.FANTASTIC dining experience. Probably one of the best I've had in Philly. I went here for dinner a few nights ago with my girlfriend and couldn't have been more impressed. 
The food was excellent. We started off by sharing a luxurious bruschetta: fresh sweet tomatoes, caramelized onions and some pickled fennel and goat cheese for a tangy kick - beautifully balanced flavors and textures. 
I love ordering Octopus at restaurants (it's one of those things that I will never cook at home) but I often find that even top restaurants frequently screw this dish up.  Barbuzzo's, however, was excellent: perfectly cooked with a nice, smoky char and accompanied with fresh vegetables and fingerling potatoes in a light lemony sauce. My girlfriend got the gnocchi which were heavenly. Perfectly soft and tender on the inside and nicely golden brown on the outside. the truffle butter was perfectly balanced in the dish and not at all too overpowering (as can often be the case). 
We finished with the budino which was decadent: perfectly creamy with a rich, delicious salty caramel sauce. I'm not usually a desert guy, but I was swiftly converted at Barbuzzo. 
The drinks list was extensive and well curated. I got the german rosé that was featured - it arrived perfectly chilled and was delicious. My girlfriends sangria was very well done as well. 
Atmosphere: quiet, classy, modern. Perfect for a nice meal with friends or a date. The room is beautifully lit with soft, warm lights and tastefully decorated. 
Service was quick, professional, polite and friendly without trying too hard - they appeared exactly when they were needed and disappeared the rest of the time - perfection. 
To top it all off, with most main courses at $13-$25, it's terrific value for money. I can't wait to go back!!I came here for restaurant week back in January, and for lunch it was a pretty good deal ($20 for a three course meal). The appetizer and main dishes were solid - dishes that were satisfying, not overly fancy but good. I loved loved the dessert - the famous salted caramel budino is a must try, but the tiramisu that my companion ordered was surprisingly really tasty too. It came with nuts on top, which gave it a nice crunch and texture.We had late lunch reservations and thought they were for the Valentine's Day tasting menu, since the website never mentioned that the tasting menu was dinner only and OpenTable warned us that our reservation was for the tasting menu. We sat down and were given the regular lunch menu. Super disappointing and the hostess confirmed that several others had been similarly let down. By some miracle, they were able to reseat us for a 5:15 dinner, but they didn't comp our (non-alcoholic) drinks or do anything to apologize for disrupting our entire day's schedule. 
Once we finally had dinner, it was phenomenal. Four courses- the famous sheep's milk ricotta, appetizers, entrees (we chose seafood mixed grill and pork belly) and dessert (the also famous caramel budino and chocolate fondue). Everything was super fresh with an ideal texture and flavor. Our favorite course was the appetizers: I loved my arancini and bf raved over his veggie lasagna.
We ate in the secret upstairs dining room that's only open for New Years, V-Day and private events. It's twice as big as downstairs and beautifully decorated in a rustic, elegant style with big bay windows framing the falling snow. The tables are much farther apart than downstairs so you have privacy; plus, there's no rushing around/clanking  from the kitchen, which always kind of stresses me out downstairs. Totally serene - wish we could always eat upstairs!It certainly is great fun to eat at Barbuzzo - a restaurant that is fully aligned with the current Zeitgeist of small-plate, lusty flavor dishes that can be shared.  
The popularity of the restaurant requires running a tight ship and the front desk does its job with professional efficiency (no waiting for our 8 pm table).  The service is solicitous and friendly and the menu offers a list of dishes that will please the most varied group of eaters, including vegetarians.  
The roasted beet salad was excellent, the squash soup earthy and intense, with a tart apple counterpoint (and for once not served luke-warm as so frequently happens but piping hot).  I absolutely loved the paccheri with pork ragú - the al-dente paccheri - a favorite pasta shape of mine - richly coated with tomato sauce and bits of pork.  Of course the buffalo marrow bone will be unctuously rich, and the lardo pizza might cause you to oink sotto voce.
A couple minor complaints:  charging two dollars for a few slices of charred bread is a bit much (when you think of the wonderful bread served free at many Philadelphia restaurants).  The salted caramel budino is rightly viewed as a stellar dessert, unfortunately, compared to it, other dessert choices seem a bit lacking, especially the boring blood orange tiramisu, totally lacking the expected citrusy counterpoint to its creamy blandness .Excellent food, incredible staff, and perfect ambiance - five stars all around!  Ate at the bar and the bartender not only made exceptional drinks but was actually incredibly savvy about the wine and food.  We now have a new favorite spot in town.Exceptional meal! We had heard great things about Barbuzzo but our meal exceeded our expectations! Everything was great --- the squash salad, branzino, and margarita pizza definite highlights! Cannot wait to go backCame here on a whim and it did not disappoint! We were quickly seated outside. The asparago pizza with the egg on top was absolutely amazing. We also got the cheese board - a bit pricey but still delicious. The tufoli pasta was a bit small but also delicious. The pizzas you will definitely get the most amount of food for the price. And the dessert.. the salted Carmel bundino was to die for. I couldn't even wait to take a picture but it was amazing. They have a great wine and drink selection, the negroni we tried was strong but delicious, perfect! Would certainly come back here and recommend it for a night out if you don't mind splurging a little.One of my go to places to taking out of town guests, starting with my sister two years ago.
Excellent food and promp, no-nonsense service is the norm. So of course I love it. 
The food is always a good mix of Staples along with smart, well designed seasonal choices. A mix that allows you to find either something easy and safe, or go for that more exploratory approach.My friend and I made a reservation for 5pm, and although it was quite empty when we arrived, it soon filled up.
The cheese board was tasty, but to be completely honest I don't know that much about cheese. However, I thought there was a good balance between the textures (crunchy nuts, toasted and soft breads) and the salty & sweet (apple slices, grapes, and the cheese itself).
The roasted bone marrow was AMAZING. Not only was it beautiful (two aggressive bones on bread with pickled veggies atop a huge block of wood), but also just so rich and filling. I would have whittled a flute out of the bones after I was finished and played a little tune if I could.
The pan seared gnocchi completely changed my view about gnocchi. The texture was wonderful - each bite provided a piece that was seared, intact, and absolutely creamy when I pressed it against the roof of my mouth. The sauce it came in was liquid gold.
The stuffed meatball was massive, and a little on the greasy side. This was the last item to arrive, but my friend and I were already stuffed by the time it came. We ate a couple bites each, and the leftovers made a nice pasta sauce.
The sanguinello (vodka w blood orange) was not too sweet, but with the richness of our dinner, I wish I had gotten a beer.
Overall, an amazing place with even more amazing food!We sat outside on a nice day and had a couple cocktails with our meat platter and pizza.
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me as the go-to dish, but I was very pleased with what came out.
Pleasantly surprised. Will be back for a private event. Update will come after.Heard a lot about this place, not sure why. Ante pasta salad was good, nothing special, mostly veg tossed in black pepper and olive oil - I do that at home. Pizza was bare on top. Narrow room, loud and crowded. Not going back.Barbuzzo late night is great. 
Love ability to add arugula to any pizza. 
Also attended a wedding here. The flowers were beautiful and service staff was very attentive.Went during restaurant week and during a brief stay in Philly. The hotel concierge recommended the restaurant as the best nearby for Italian food. He was right! I'm sitting at home in Miami daydreaming of that meal. First, we received the complimentary bread with sheep's milk ricotta. For my appetizer, I chose the burrata, for my meal the caserrece pasta, and for dessert the salted caramel budino. All were excellent! One of the best meals I've ever had. Such simple dishes, yet so complex in flavors. I wish I could hop on a plane and eat that meal again.Great quality all around. Great food, service, and atmosphere. Recently opened for lunch which is what we had. Make a reservation for dinner. Our waitress was very friendly and happily gave us suggestions on other places to visit around town. Don't forget to check out the giftshop next door, one of Barbuzzos several sister shops in the hood.This is such a cute, romantic little restaurant. It has very good mediterranian food and I am so happy I found it. 
We had the french feta apetizer and it was yum! Make sure you try the octapus dish (and I am very picky about seafoood) but it was one of the best seafood dishes I have had. The oysters were also very good. I didn't go crazy about the gnocci, I have had better. But over all the dinner was delicious. The dessert with sea salt caramal (forgot the name) was light and very tasty.Got the goat cheese plate and the anti-pasta or whatchyamacallit plate, both to good effect. The cheese plate was paired really well. The mojito with cherry puree is something fairly special. Small portions of yummy goodness for high prices, which is what it is in center city. Overall, yum. A bit cold though, and we weren't allowed to sit away from the open door though there were tables in the back.Barbuzzo is cute in that sort of rustic barn way.  Barbuzzo exudes a charming mid-west classy candle-lit barn vibe. It's the type of place my friends and I would transform our hay lofts into after having a wild hoe-down.
In all seriousness, the Uovo Pizza is something delicious. The white truffled egg splattered in the middle of a sparsely cheesed pie flatters the mouth as much as the eyes. The dried oregano and spicy chili oil served on the side allow you to play with your food. 
The salted caramel budino is the pinnacle of pudding like substances, although its viscosity is slightly less. The thin sheet of caramel sauce on top lends an elegance reserved for lace-veiled brides. And the cookie crust at the bottom is something to battle over. It's chocolate and crunchy giving your otherwise smoothly decadent treat a texture your mouth can rally over.Good Atmosphere. Bread with SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA was really good , other stuff was ok.Tasty pizza , vibrant and friendly place .  Food is great. Food selection was inventive. Tables a bit tight. 
Would definatley  return and recommendLove this place, great food. Did not have a reservation and they squeezed us in on a busy night. They did bring us the wrong pizza but quickly corrected the mistake. Nice atmosphere.In town and wanted to try local flair.  Barbuzzo's did not disappoint.  We sat at the bar near the kitchen and loved being able to watch the meals being prepared.  Had to try the milk ricotta appetizer which was fantastic.  Don't think I could have gone wrong with any meal selection but went with the chef's suggestion pasta and LOVED it.  Add this one to your list if you are in downtown Philly!Awesome.  The "mia pera" pizza was out of this world delicious.  Meatballs were not bad, but not on the same level as the pizza.  The "uovo" egg pizza was suppose to be great too.  The house special caramel desert was quite interesting, probably worth ordering.  Good beer selection and solid late night happy hour specials.  Definitely coming back here next time i'm in philly!This place is a pretty good lunch spot. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. For starters, we got the roasted cauliflower and Brussel sprouts which was delicious - seasoned perfectly well. I got the fried chicken sandwich which was a more than enough portion for one person. My friend got the sausage sandwich. Both were delicious! The service was also good.I have visited Barbuzzo in the last few months after a hiatus.. Only to find that the food quality was dropped significantly. I used to crave the gnocchi dish (I even tried to recreate it according to my memory or how it tasted, but failed) but this last experience ruined my previous great ones. The gnocchi arrived sopping wet and under seasoned. Maybe it's just me.. But the dish tasted different... Like more different than just under seasoned. The pasta flavor and texture was different along with the sauce 
We ordered the mushroom pizza... It came out with a thick crust vs the previous airy crust around the edges and thin crusted body. The dough really makes the pizza so it dropped our score for this dish too.
We ordered the bone marrow.. Which is now in sausage form. Why in the world would you change something good when it was awesome?? If I didn't know that there was bone marrow used in the making of the dish, I would have just assumed that it was extra greasy sausage.
We also ordered another pasta dish with scallops. Flavoring was highly dependent on the natural seafood flavor of the fresh scallops but the pasta was cooked to the perfect consistency. The dish may have been a bit underseasoned as well.
I am really sorry to say that I lost a restaurant that I really enjoyed in Philly. I don't know what changes were made... It just wasn't for the betterTasty food but nothing was a wow factor given all the good reviews. The salted caramel budino was my favorite dish of the night. Though the salt on top was centralized only in the middle. It should be distributed throughout. The pizza is good but not enough toppings and too much crust.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  Authentic Italian, nice decor, outdoor seating, attentive service, I can just go on.  We sat outside (sidewalk dining).  Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious, and we ordered a lot - from appetizers to pastas to main courses!  I only wish I had room for dessert.  It wouldn't be the first time I stuffed myself here, and it certainly won't be the last!i work half a block from this fantastic joint and it's sad... i only come here maybe twice a year..!! i really need to start coming here more often.. 
just the other day, my friend and i did lunch at barbuzzo and we split the Uovo pizza with the stuffed meatballs as appetizer.  i was doubtful whether it'd be enough food for 2 people.. but since both of us weren't starving at that point~ we left the ordering open for discussion depending on how we feel down the road... 
the pizza came first-- still fantastic btw!  devoured the first slice.. then the meatball came to our table and we both took a ball... started cutting the meatball the size of a tennis ball down to edible pieces.. ate it with spicy tomato sauce and it is off the wall!  highly recommend! there is so much flavor and the tomato sauce with the mozzarella  complimented it very well! (i mean it was expected as meatballs are one of the stables at an italian restaurant) but the spices and herbs barbuzzo used to roll up the ball served with this chili tomato sauce was just perfect!  it took me a while to finish the meatball and it did me dirty.. filled me up to the rim! that completely eliminate my thought of ordering a side of fries for the table lol oh well no biggie~
so yea, still one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  i do recommend visiting for lunch b/c it's easier to get a table.  dinner menu does offer some different choices.  but if you're looking to try their signature pizza, lunch might be the best time to check it out!Barbuzzo is one of my favorite spots in Philly!
I like to come here with a friend or two and we do a "tour of barbuzzo" as we call it, where we share a bunch of things.
The Sheeps Milk Ricotta, Burrata from Pulgia, Foie Gras Torchon, and the Uovo Pizza are some of my favorite things, just to name a few.
I have tried other things as well, such as some of their pasta dishes and other pizzas, everything is scrumptious!  I cannot wait to go back and keep working my way through the menu.
Make sure you save room for dessert!  If you come here, you must get the Budino.  It is just absolutely fantastic.
It is an intimate spot, perfect for dates or going with a few friends, but it is a pretty tight space if you are going with more than a couple of people.  The tightness of their space is made up for in ambiance and great service!  You barely notice the close quarters when you are being treated so well and eating such delicious food!Barbuzzo 110 S 13th St, Philadelphia, PA 19107 (215) 546-9300 
Mediterranean Kitchen and Bar
Lunch Monday-Saturday 12-3pm Dinner Daily, 5pm-12am 
Barbuzzo bills itself as a Mediterranean style kitchen which means offerings consist of small plates (tapas). A typical meal might include 3-4 of these plates depending on how hungry you are. Barbuzzo is one of several restaurants owned and operated by Chef Marcie and Valerie Safran. Their other popular establishments include lolita, jamonera, grocery, verde, open house, little nonna's and marcie blaine chocolates. 
We were able to sneak in for dinner around 8pm on a Sunday night where the dinner rush was under way. We were seated promptly but I must say, while I appreciate economy of space, I was wedged between the wall and table. My dinner companion, inches away from the next table had the delight of enjoying their entire dinner conversation. However, this is a blog about food, so space issues aside, let us begin. 
SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA (10) extra virgin olive oil, vin cotto, herbs, sea salt, grilled country bread. Quite fantastic. Very creamy ricotta and a nice blend of the olive oil herbs and vin cotto. Vincotto "cooked wine" or Sapa is a dark, sweet dense condiment produced artisanally in the Puglia/Apulia and Marche regions of Italy 
CHEESE BOARD (17) with membrillo, roasted garlic mustard, toasted hazelnut honey, fig compote, baguette, crostini and marcona almonds · -chevre dargental, goat, france · -salva cremasco, cow, italy · -bianco sardo, sheep, italy · -mountain gorgonzola, cow, italy 
BUTTERNUT SQUASH ARANCINI (9) crispy butternut squash risotto balls, walnut-basil pesto, pumpkin seeds and grana padano. Fantastic offering here. I couldn't taste the butternut squash as much as I would have liked unfortunately, but this dish was still amazing. 
BLACK AND WHITE CORZETTI (16) fresh gulf shrimp, spicy sausage, confit tomato (slow roasted tomato), french feta, pine nuts. Corzetti are a kind of fresh pasta typical of the Ligurian cuisine of north-west Italy, and traditional also in the area of Novi Ligure just across the border with Piedmont in the Province of Alessandria. 
SPAGHETTI AND SUNCHOKES (14) trumpet mushroom, garlic, sunchokes, local greens, pecorino, pinenuts, lemon. Sunchoke (Jersualem artichoke) look a bit like a knobbly pink-skinned ginger root and have a sweet, nutty flavor, reminiscent of water chestnuts. Pecorino is the name of a family of hard Italian cheeses made from ewe's milk. The word derives from Italian pecora meaning 'sheep', which in turn is from the Latin pecus meaning livestock. 
Of Note: Earthy wooden tables and parchment paper, matte menus. 
Of Note: Crispen Cider. Crisp over ice. A classically styled, but untraditional hard apple cider. Fruit forward, with a fresh, crunchy appley nose and a deliciously refreshing, crisp mouth feel. 
Of Note:  Lovely chandeliers over the bar area.Came here for dinner and had an amazing time. My friend and I sat at the chef's counter. It was a bit loud but we had a great time. They did not have the wine we asked for, but the waitress recommended a great substitute. We ordered 4 dishes to share and then dessert. Neither one of us felt like we had overrated- it was such a balanced meal. The salted caramel was delicious.Came here with 7 others from a conference. Food, drinks, service excellent. We sat at the bar and watched them cook. Vegetarians and omnivores alike were quite pleased. Skirt steak w/ trumpet mushrooms was very pleasant as was the butternut squash!  It was empty at 5:30 pm but packed by 6:15.The margherita is NOT what you would find in Napoli, something changed. It's still good, I would recommend trying something else from the menu however. The gnocchi are very good.
This place is so affordable too, incredible!Food is OK, atmosphere is OK, service is OK, but drinks? Have you ever ordered a martini and instead got a watery concoction with no alcohol or taste in it? On top it was filled with ...ICE. What happened to the Chambord? Listed on the menu, but missing in my drink. Oh, and my goat cheese salad had a DAB of cheese in it, not even a spoonful. Seriously? Dessert was overly sweet, you couldn't taste any of the ingredients. A big NO-NO in my book.I was disappointed by too many of t
he dishes. Really like a 3.5 but alas. 
Sheeps milk ricotta was absolutely to die for. The parsnip butternut squash tortelli in brown butter were very good although we both thought they didn't have enough butternut squash to them. The Brussels sprouts were also very good. 
And that's where the list ends as far as things I would order again. The uovo pizza was nothing special. The ingredients didn't combine to really do anything for me, plus it was kind of doughy and not crispy. The fava bean and lemon arancini were not good...crispy but completely on the bland side and we found the aioli pretty unappealing as well. And finally, the salted caramel budino was in my opinion pretty inedible...way too sweet and salty! And I like both sweets and salt!
Unfortunate...Très très très bon repas. Un des meilleurs mangé depuis longtemps. La salade aux betteraves est la meilleure salade que j'ai mangée dans ma vie et le petit pot au caramel salé est à se jeter par terre! Excellente découverte!Very difficult to make a reservation for normal dinner hours. Made reservation 2.5 weeks in advance. It's because the space is so small, uncomfortably so. It feels like someone will knock over glasses as they walk by. No separate gluten free menu, no indications on the menu. Server explained some options. As an Italian restaurant, I was surprised that they didn't have one gf pasta or pizza available. The food I had was great. Cheeseboard, branzino and pistachio/raspberry cake. Non-gf guest had pasta and salted caramel budino. Only gluten part of that is the chocolate crust on the bottom. Here's hoping they can provide a gf version in the future.So good! Portions are just right for humans. Fresh ingredients. Absolutely need a reservation. Can feel a bit cramped, but others might just say cozy. We had the roasted and raw beet salad, the margherita pizza, the meatballs, the gnocchi and several adult beverages. The gnocchi tipped the scale toward too much, but without three drinks each probably would've been fine. The beet salad is amazing. Some might say the pizza could have had a tad more cheese. Meatballs were full of flavor and the gnocchi were tender. Seriously well-prepared food, dare I say crafted without sounding pretentious. Go.I love Barbuzzo! Such a great place to grab a cocktail and some apps. It's a little spendy, but the food and ambiance are definitely worth it. The ricotta is a MUST, as well as the meatballs. The salads are all delicious as well- esp. the octopus. They have a reverse happy hour that's definitely worth checking out late-night. Definitely make a reservation, even weeknights are busy. But, if there's a seat at the bar, I almost prefer that location.Simply excellent.  My girlfriend and I went to Barbuzzo on a Thursday night and it was still packed.  Luckily we got to be seated pretty quickly since we opted for the chef's table (basically next to the bar area where you can watch the chefs cook).  We ordered several dishes including the goats milk ricotta, stuffed meatballs, mussels, pan seared gnocchi, bone marrow appetizer and budino for dessert.  If I went back and had to re order I would definitely get the mussels (one of the best Ive ever had) and gnocchi (soft and fluffy).  The budino was delicious as well! Only thing I would stay away from is the bone marrow appetizer as we regreted ordering it, simply not something we are used to.  Anyway the service was great and we got our food rather quickly once we ordered.Barbuzzo, I love you, and let me count thee ways. 
Although we did not have a reservation, we had a reasonable wait time on a Sunday night. Zipped over next door to Zavino for a couple glasses of Cava to pass the time. I'll confess the hostess was a little snarky because of our spontaneity ("You DON'T have reservations?") Still, I was in a good mood to share dinner with the love of my life, and let it pass. 
Seated at the Chef's Table aka right in front of the kitchen, we were able to spectate several preparations, which will come in handy for my next visit. We ordered a bottle of Cava (Let the bubbles flow!), and started with the beet and kale salad. This salad was the perfect start to the evening. Light, healthy, with grapefruit and a little goat cheese to warm up the palate. I'll confess I already love the beet and goat cheese combo, but the finely chopped kale kept the dish earthy and a little a more humble. 
The Aspargo pizza was a no brainer for us (truffles, FTW), and this white pizza offered shaved asparagus, cheese and a truffled farm egg. It was reminiscent of a pizza we enjoyed at Las Vegas's Due Forni called the Tartufo. I could have benefited from having it sliced into more than four gigantic pieces, but it was so creamy, rich, and truffley I didn't care. 
After a few glasses of bubbly, we came to dessert. The man loves salted caramel, one of the reasons we came to Barbuzzo in the first place were the several pictures from our fellow Yelpers of the Salted Caramel Budino. This dessert was the perfect mix of caramel, salt, and creamy sweetness. He said it might have even been the best thing he has ever eaten. Suffice it to say, dessert went quickly, and we finished the meal completely and utterly satisfied.
Barbuzzo is easy on my Top 3 in Philadelphia now, and I plan on returning several more times. Thank you for the wonderful meal!I have come several times for an upscale lunch with someone visiting the city, and Barbuzzo has never disappointed. The vibe is a nice balance of classy and casual, and the menu is full of well-balanced options. My favorite is the Uovo pizza, with the classic Sicilian touch of an egg cooked right on top of it. Give this place a try.I hate to give Barbuzzo three stars, but it really was due to a few aspects that effected the entire experience.
Pros:  The food is delicous, very cute atmosphere.
Cons:  The waiter continued to come over and pour our water (small glasses that we went through rather quickly) even though we had a bottle of water at our table.  Not the biggest deal, but my dining partner and I were clearly in the middle of a very serious discussion, and had to stop every time the waiter came over.  It was beyond awkward.  (Just let us pour our own water!)
Also, the spacing is very tight and depending on where you get seated, you could be in someone else's lap (or conversation).  We were comfortable until another couple was seated next to us.
Our pork was undercooked.  Not in a fancy, lightly pink sort of way, but in a scary deep pink sort of way.
We learned after sitting that the portions were served more as Tapas than meals.  I guess they can get away with it because they called some portions of the menu a "plate" which I guess is supposed to mean small?  Either way, the waiter tried to oversell us on what we would need to feel satisfied.  A pizza and two other menu choices were enough for the two of us.
Overall, great food.  But given the price and experience, I'd try somewhere else in this area brimming with cool restaurants before heading back again.The place is great. Went there during Restaurant Week for lunch and the place was pretty crowded. I had their 3 courses menu.  Starting out with the squash soup then follow by the Grilled Branzino and finishing it off with the Tiramisu....everything was seasoned perfectly and tasted soooo good. The services was exceptional with the perfect atmosphere. This place is very fancy and elegant, definitely would recommend this place  for people around the area.If I could give this 10 stars, I would. In comparison to Michelin-starred restaurants that I've been to in Europe and California, this sits right there in the mix. The Uovo pizza, Sheeps Milk Ricotta, Beet and Goat Cheese Salad, and BUDINO, were life changing. Seriously. I devoted a whole post on my blog to Barbuzzo and have tons of pictures of everything we tried: http://thehappenstancegourmande.wordpress.com/2012/04/02/hoagies-and-pickles-and-amish-oh-my-tummy-full-adelphia/
If you're in Philly, make sure to visit Barbuzzo. You won't be dissapointed.A lot of restaurants during Restaurant Week end up disappointing: higher volume of customers = disorganization, pushing customers out to get higher turnover of tables, food not prepared as well as it could be.
Barbuzzo showed none of these set backs during my dinner here for Restaurant Week. The restaurant offered both the pre-fixe menu and their normal offerings, but we went for the restaurant week menu. 
The service was great. Despite the stress of the week, the employees all seemed to be maintaining their laid back attitude and smiles on their faces. 
I was really  pleased with my entire meal.  The crostini starters that were offered were both delicious and really made me want more. I went for the sheep milk ricotta which was super tasty (even after just having another crusty bread with topping). The flavors were different enough to make me not regret my choice. My sister got the meatball slider, and liked it so much she refused to share even a bite (jerk). My mom got the roasted beets and could not stop raving about it. I went for the pan seared gnocchi for my third course and... yum.  I can't put into words but it was amazing. If gnocchi could be "light," this dish was, and the mushrooms were delicious. The rest of the table went for the oven roasted chicken, and the grilled bronzino and enjoyed theirs as well. (I had a taste of each, and I still think the gnocchi won). I would have been perfectly full and happy after these three dishes, but the best was yet to come. There is a reason people rave about the salted caramel budino. I'd give up my yet-to-be first born for this dessert. 
I will be back though, because there were so many other things on the menu that I want to try!
Note: The other two restaurants owned by Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran (Lolita and Bindi) are BYOB.  Barbuzzo is not. So check out their wine selection!I'm going to make the bold claims that Barbuzzo is probably 1. the best restaurant in Philadelphia and 2. the best deal for restaurant week.
The inside is small but adorable.  Nice wood and great lighting with a very long bar that expanses the kitchen.  Our waitress was so happy and nice.  You get extra touches here like having your napkin folded while you're in the bathroom, a constantly full water/beverage, and she was paying so much attention that she overheard that this was a birthday dinner celebration and brought out dessert with candles.  
The food was phenomenal.  Highlights included the chef's crostinis, the roasted beet salad, sheep's milk ricotta, grilled swordfish, gnocchi and of course the salted caramel budino.  That being said, absolutely everything was delicious.  They were just the best.  Portions were generous.  I'd probably go back just for the beet salad and the ricotta.  
The drinks were great.  I got the sanguinello, a fruity lady's delight.  They also offer large sized bottles of beer like Chimay blue.  
Barbuzzo is the best.My first experience of Marcie & Valarie's 13th street empire. I was very excited to try Barbuzzo, & I've been itching to go ever since it opened. Once you walk into the restaurant, you'll notice how small it is! The tables are very close together, & if you're not careful you'll just about end up hearing every last detail of the conversation going on next to you.
Me & my sister started of with a bottle of Lindeman's franboise beer, which was absolutely delicious. For an appetizer, we shared the caciocavallo stuffed meatballs which were amazing. They were the best thing that we ate that night! 2 large meatballs covered in rustic tomato sauce, cheese & served with  bread. We then shared the pacherri pasta which was a pasta with pork ragu, escarole, burrata cheese & basil. The pasta was tasty but nothing amazing. Lastly we shared the fideua which seemed like a mix between seafood pasta with paella. This was very interesting, but my least favorite. Somewhat of a fishy aftertaste, & the squid seemed to be a tad bit overcooked & chewy. 
A great first experience at Barbuzzo will definitely have me coming back for more! Service was beyond excellent. Our server was attentive & very helpful. I'm sad that I forgot his name!tl;dr: High-quality food, but if you aren't fanatic about pizza this probably isn't a great place for you.
As somebody who's not too crazy about thin-crust pizza, I thought the food at Barbuzzo was good, but not necessarily mind-blowing or unusually memorable. The menu has some creative options, but is generally 'hipster-ish Italian', if I'm allowed to coin a ridiculous phrase like that.
I actually enjoyed our appetizers, the ricotta and the meatball (more like a meatloaf!), the most. The uovo pizza and the gabagool pizza were both well-done, but definitely fall in the 'artsy pizza' category - not that big, not that substantive, with not a lot of the really expensive-tasting ingredients.
We also got the antipasti plate to share, but there was so little of each of the ~6 options in the medley that I couldn't remember any of them afterwards!Is tasty 
but if you are like me with good appetite and likes medium to large portions just be ready to orden a few dishes and cuz even if you share with friends portions aren't enough and the prices are not really worthy.Let me start this off by saying I really wanted to like this restaurant. The pictures looked delicious, the menu sounded exciting, and the reviews were raving. I had high expectations going in, so maybe on another night it'll be better, but on this one I was disappointed.
Walking in, the place is packed. Not a huge knock, but at some point the fire marshall will probably come in and force a redesign. I could hear every word our neighboring 3 tables were saying, and crammed up against the bar made our dining experience claustrophobic and full of "sorrys" and "excuse mes". Plus, the table size itself is so small that you physically could not order much, making the dining experience rushed and disorderly.
Perhaps the food could save it? A delicious sounding UOVO pizza with rave reviews came out of the kitchen and my heart sank. Brussel sprout leaves? I think there were 6 or 7 on the entire pie. Sauce was non-existent, and the egg looked dropped rather than spread. Fortunately the actual flavor, from the few bites that had everything composed, was not bad. Just... about 40% of the pie was soggy, greasy, and covered in yolk, the other 60% was basically bread.
The bone marrow was okay, a little burnt, but maybe I just haven't tried enough to know if it was executed well or not. The charcuterie was okay as well, the beer mustard tasted more of beer than mustard, the pickling was overly vinegary, and the meat itself didn't scream flavor. Finally the pasta, I should have avoided "whole wheat" to begin with, but the combination of mushrooms was too appealing. Unfortunately it was brittle pasta and a stick of butter and oil as a "sauce". The mushrooms just soaked up all of the grease and left us pining for some acid to clear our palettes.
Service however was good, despite the difficult conditions the servers were all knowledgeable, friendly, courteous, and timely.
All in all, I'll go back again with hopes of that 5-star experience that did shimmer through at some points, but probably not in the near future.Everything about this place is , except reservation availabilities... but it's easy to understand why! 
The staff is very attentive and patient with any questions you may have about the menu (example: how to eat bone marrow). Drinks are delish. Caramel cup dessert thingy is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. I just love it here.This place was very crowded but being a Saturday, its understandable. However the restaurant is  narrow which makes for a very cramped feel.
As a nut allergy sufferer I found the choice very limited.  Having said this the items I did have were very good.
For the cost of the evening I thought the service was rushed and impersonal. Whilst very trivial, little things like bringing out the right drink and giving the right person their order should be expected at a place like this.
I personally wouldn't go again but the 3 other people I went with loved their experience.
I must be just miserable and picky.Pizza and meatballs are delicious. Vegetable sandwich was amazing. Nothing like NY pizza.How do you know you're at a five star restaurant? When you're not hungry, yet you want more of everything. My bestie and I were able to walk in and get seated without a reservation (otherwise impossible) on a Saturday night because it was pouring rain, and had been pouring all day. We were not hungry, but we knew it was dinner time, and we knew this was supposed to be one of the best restaurants in town, so we gave it a go. We had the arancini, bronzino, brussels sprouts, meat balls, and salted caramel budino. Everything was so good. We sat at the chef's table and quickly developed crushes on every person working back there, especially the woman. I can't say I've had a meal in which I have found every bite to be exquisite. Exquisite! In a long time. No comment on the pizza, but it looked pretty good. The sangria was fine. But honestly, the food? How fast it was all made? And those chefs (cooks?) back there? Stunning. 5 stars.4.5 rounded down to 4.  keep reading to see why.
Excellent Mediterranean restaurant and as such expect to place to be packed, I mean really packed.  The venue is small, so I wouldn't recommend coming in groups.  Make sure to make reservations to get a seat.  
Careful where u get seated.  If you are unlucky like me, you will get seated in an "airline style corner" where the inside couple will have to ask the aisle side couple to move everytime they need to get out.  The waitress will also have to sneak behind you to get to the inside couple.  You'll understand when you go see the layout.  CROWDED.
There's street parking if you get lucky, but if you're like me you pay for parking 10 minutes away then walk to the restaurant only to find an open spot right in front of the entrance.....
WHAT TO ORDER: there's a lot going in the menu so here's the scoop.
- SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA is a must.  this is so rich and hits all the taste buds in synergy.  sour, sweet, savory, umami.  Comes with toasted bread with right amount of burnt that adds a "bitter burnt" taste that melds with the ricotta.  Favorite dish of the night
- Roasted bone marrow. This was the first time I've ordered bone marrow.  Interesting taste, probably not for everyone.  Try if you're curious.  Eat with more toasted bread, sweet onions, tapenade, and cucumber salad that comes with to balance the fatty, rich, heavy flavor of bone marrow.
(I skipped the pizzas which are exceptional per the waitress and other reviews. I had pizza the night before and decided to pass this time)
- Stuffed meatballs: my second favorite dish.  Two LARGE over stuffed meatballs in marinara sauce and cheese.  Absolutely wonderful.
- GNOCCHI: melted in my mouth like butter. crispy pancetta. buttery sauce.  This was a winner and a must try.
WHY NOT FIVE STARS?  
The biggest disappointment of the night was the GRILLED OCTOPUS.  Although the meat was tender, it also tasted dry at the same time.  The dressing and sauce had a sour taste that also didn't blend with the other ingredients.  I was hoping for more out of this dish, but the flavors and textures just didn't come together.
OVERALL: come here, everyone is.  Much more to try in addition to the above.I like this restaurant because it's very rustic on the inside. The tables are VERY close together but somehow it's still very intimate. I think it's the dim lighting and candles. They have a fantastic cheese plate which is a plus for me!!Amazing food and service.  Did not want the meal to be over!  So delicious! Cool vibe and very tasty drinks!Family dinner at Barbuzzo on a chilly Sunday night before Christmas. It was a little busy and we had to cram in the small entrance while a table opened up. Found parking easily down the street but be mindful of the meter signs! The seating is a little too close and cramped for my comfort but it wasn't too bad. I also enjoyed the French pop music playing.
The sheeps milk ricotta with warm bread was delicious! Also had the "pig popcorn" which was like pork rinds and the foie gras mousse. Great start to the dinner so far. I also had the "Little Italian Redhead" cocktail which was also nice and tasty. I ordered the meatballs which I wasn't able to finish because I was so full from all the small plates earlier but it was still really good. My sister ordered the pork tenderloin but I did not like it. 
Dessert was excellent! The caramel budino was so yummy as was the espresso tiramisu. We also got the hazelnut gelato and they gave us the prosecco sorbet. Loved the desserts!My husband and I went here for dinner last Friday and it was a fantastic experience from start to finish.  We were running late and had a hard time with parking.  We called the restaurant to let them know we'd be late and not only did they hold our reservation, when I arrived my table was ready and waiting for me--LOVE that!  
Our waitress could NOT have been more accommodating or friendly and the pace was perfect.  We had the following to eat:  Asparago pizza (UNBELIEVABLY delicious--a must have), Fava & preserved lemon arancini (also incredible-get it!), grilled octopus salad (very good but the pizza & arancini were more impressive), and pappardelle pasta (good, but needed a bit more acidity) and finished w/ the boudino--just as incredible as promised.
In one word:  GO!Barbuzzo deserves its high ratings and reviews. It has it all - great food, service, ambiance, decor, etc!
 After seeing how yelp raves about Barbuzzo, my small group of three decided to check it out around 10pm. We honestly expected to sit at the bar and just have a round of drinks but to our surprise, they had a table available for us to sit down without reservations! In hindsight, we probably got over excited and ordered way too much but NO REGRETS! I still dream about their roasted bone marrow...
So many dishes to choose from and so many different flavors! Tastebud overdrive in a very good way. Oh, and their drinks! Try their old fashioned!Great time!! Love the smell of chocolate when waiting for restroom :-)!!Great place for dinner go early gets busy after 7..ate at chef's table nice environment upfront watching chef do his magic. Dinner was tufoli,cheese board ricotta ravioli...allgood left wanting more ravioli..will visit again oh..fresh ingredients...It's more like 4.5 star but definitely better that 4 so I will still give 5. 
Had amazing meals there whenever I visited. Love their raw beet and kale salad, Br sprout salad and cheese plate. They are super creative and beautifully presented.
Others enjoyed their pizza and meatballs very much. 
I just love their salad so much. A lot of flavor and absolutely heavenly. It is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia for sure.Amazing food and great service.  We tried several appetizers and dishes at our friendly server's suggestion.  You can't go wrong with any of the food.  The sheep's milk ricotta spread was great (we don't normally like oregano but the fresh oregano on the cheese was actually tasty) and our pizza was just like they make in Italy.  The only negative about the restaurant is that the seating is REALLY tight.  Your neighbor's table is really close to you and the restaurant is very narrow.  Otherwise, a great experience.I went to Barbuzzo recently with some friends.  I had heard good things about it so I was excited.  It was packed, on a Tuesday night.  Luckily, I had a reservation and we went right in.  The beer list is ok, could be a bit better.  They serve smaller plates, so the best strategy is to order several dishes and share with the table.  We had the veggie board (good sunchokes and asparagus/broccolini, bruschetta was ok, potatoes were uninspired), sheep's milk ricotta (good), the fica pizza (interesting mix of flavors, yummy), the meatballs (good, but the sauce is too sweet), murray's chicken breast (chicken was overcooked and dry, risotto was good, but needed more spring veg, the radish-fennel salad was very nice), and the gnocci (delicious, my favorite).  Then for dessert we tried the budino.  I have had a dish like this before, but this one just didn't do it for me.  The play between sweet caramel and the salt is nice, but overall the dish lacks punch.  It needs something else, some texture, maybe some acidic fruit flavor.  Overall, Barbuzzo is good, not great.This place gets a lot of hype and deservedly so.  I had dined here about a year ago but needed to make a return trip to try some of their signature dishes that have been getting a lot of press.  On the recommendation from a friend, we started with the Asparago pizza.  It was arguably the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia.  From there we got the Grilled Calamari and Pan Seared Gnocchi.  Both were very tasty with the calamari being memorable.  For dessert we had to go with the Budino which was as advertised and very good.  
The service was great and the price points were also in line.  For a restaurant with such rave reviews I also felt we got a lot of food for what we spent.