The Finest. Came back a week later because it was so good. The beef tartare appetizer was outstanding. Loved the hint of mustard in it. The lobster bisque was fantastic as well. The ribeye is so tender and pairs great with the bernaise. I'd skip the horseradish creme. It took away from the taste of the steak. The spicy broccoli on special was the perfect light side. We also tried the potato gratin, but were underwhelmed. The warm cookie dessert, though!! Washed it all down with the Blueprint Shiraz. James was my waiter both times - he spent the perfect amount of time at the table. Wasn't there enough to be disruptive, but never let a glass so empty. Super knowledgeable about how to describe the foods on the menu. Also love how trendy the atmosphere is here.This place was absolutely amazing!!! The atmosphere was incredible- a fun blend of modern and retro with low tables and love seats/chairs to sit in. The entrees are all a la carte but the sides are big enough to share! The 18oz ribeye is by far the best- it had the most amazing flavor! The truffle whipped potatoes are also definitely a must have. And no meal is complete without dessert and I must say- the only way to go is with the S'mores cake. It's a deconstructed s'more basically with a decedent chocolate lava cake with marshmallow and chocolate filling, and toasted marshmallow on top, and graham cracker ice cream on the side ( yes I did say graham cracker ice cream!). Take a spoon full of each part and prepare to be taken away to dessert paradise. 
The restaurant also has some cool features, say a coed bathroom? Yes this place does in fact have a coed bathroom!! You walk in one door and there are a line of doors on the right-hand side labeled L and M.... pick your door and there you go. What an experience! Also when you're steak comes they bring out a tray of at least 8 different varieties of steak knives for you to choose from. What a fun way to make eating a steak an exciting experience! I will definitely have to go back!Quite simply the best meal I have ever had. From the service, atmosphere and ambience to the wine paired with the food by the server, and finally the selection of knives brought out to choose from to eat our steaks. This is hands down my favorite restaurant to date and their take on the Philly Cheesesteak with foie gras was a revelation. Easily the best tasting thing I've ever eaten.  This place is universal for satisfying all parties and occasions. Thank you for bestowing such awesomeness on the restaurant world, Stephen Starr.  Bravo, sir.Food was perfect and the service was great.  Had fun laughing and tasting different wines.  Fancy place but felt comfortable celebrating a 40th birthday and being a little loud at times. :)By far one of the GREATEST restaurant experiences I have had in my life. Barclay Prime had the best steak I have ever tasted. The meat literally melts in your mouth. The macaroni and cheese is out of this world and the Halibut with truffle oil was MAGNIFICENT. If you want to try a little piece of heaven, save room for the S'mores dessert - TO DIE FOR.I went to Barclay Prime on Saturday with my fiancee and his family. My thoughts:
Decor/ambiance: like all other Starr restaurants, the decor and atmosphere was nice. The tables were well-spaced and the pillows in the chairs made for a very comfortable and relaxing dining experience.
Service: The waiter didn't introduce himself by name so when my future father-in-law asked, he was a little caught off guard and came back a little snarky as if it was a weird question to ask... but the waiter was nice and attentive throughout the night. Food came out quickly. Water wasn't always full but I never had to ask for it.
Food: Here's why I'm giving the restaurant just 3 stars. I thought the popovers and salted butter were amazing to start. I also enjoyed the apps. I got the lobster bisque which was velvety and delicious. Fiancee got the tuna tartare which was also pretty good. The entrees, however, were the biggest downfall. I got the miso cod (I don't enjoy steak) and everything was just overly salty that it was almost unpalatable. Most of his family got steaks which they seemed to enjoy, however, my fiancee and his dad got the same cut of meat and ordered it medium rare. One came out a little too rare and one came out more on the medium-ish side. For an expensive steakhouse, they should be more consistent.
Overall experience was good but I'm not really itching to go back anytime soon....From the time I opened the door til it closed behind us, this restaurant became my favorite in Philadelphia.  When it comes to fine dining in Philadelphia, I've had some great experiences and I've had some extremely annoying experiences.  The best will obviously include attentive service, amazing cuisine while the latter usually involves sitting too close to other diners at a kindergarten table yelling over their incredibly assinine conversations.  
So the usual over priced finger food on small plates and euro trash tag alongs to the side were instantly transformed into a phenomenally cooked filet and incredibly prepared sides like creamed spinach and kobe beef marvels to start with.  The wine was perfect and I could actually hear what my girlfriend was saying during dinner, and I became a happy man.
For some restaurants in this town, giving me what I want seems to be an incredible hassle for them and I apologize in advance for the inconvenience.  Although remember....I am paying YOU afterall....what could I possibly be thinking. lolI took my son for his 18th birthday. He wanted to be ushered into manhood with some steak and swank. We dressed very nice since it said classy, but they don't enforce it...guys in baseball hats...sigh...so much for swank. We sat in the library which was very loud and the couch seating was uncomfortable.  As for the steaks, I got the porterhouse and my son got the bone in filet. Both steaks were cooked to perfection. However, they were way, way over salted... to me a good steak doesn't need anything on it. Why would you over-salt dry aged beef? The sides and starters (tots, whipped potatoes, lobster bisque and the bread were great). The service was good, as well. I just wouldn't go back, esp. for the cost... far better places in the area.If you're willing to drop some cash, Barclay Prime lives up to the billing. We had some massive amounts food including a huge hunk of steak that made my Uncle's eyes bulge and provided enough food for two meals. A non meat eater even raved about the sliders and the bevy of side dishes has something for every starch lover. You may leave with a lighter wallet but are well compensated by a full belly.This is the kind of place where Don Draper and Roger Sterling would go for an expensive two-martini lunch. Or perhaps Don would secretly meet here with a free-spirited brunette adultress before going home to Betty. It's all very masculine, dark, and sexy, like a library for dudes who like bourbon and expensive meat.  Don Draper would not bring Betty here.
The food was amazing. I had the Kobe and it was cooked to perfection. The Kobe beef sliders as an appetizer are an absolute must, and all the sides delivered as well. I remember some fingerling potatoes with garlic, shallots, and bacon (!?). The wine selection was one of those really long and overwhelming ones. Luckily we had a good waiter who suggested a bottle and he was right on. At least two people were taking care of our needs at all times without being overbearing.
When it came time to choose our own knives ,we were so excited by the selection that he let us keep and play with them all. Thanks, dude! 
Don Draper, I'll see you there.Pro: fantastic food. Great bread (popovers) and the meat is cooked deliciously and tastes so very fresh. The veal portion is enormous and so very tasty. Tuna tartare puts many sushi restaurants to the test. Mashed potato sides were good. 
Cons: price. Omg the price. It's nice to go with a large group because then you can get sides that only cost one or two more bucks each. However, keep in mind this place is $70+ and more if you like to drink!My favorite cuisine is STEAK. Thus I've been to so many steak houses that I know Barclay is a great place to go. it's classy but it's chill and thus is a great place to enjoy a meal. the appetizers we're pretty good but not amazing. then I ordered the 115 dollar Wagyu beef and had some pretty high expectations (given I've been to japan and countries in Europe that serve amazing Wagyu beef) but it did not meet my expectations. It was good but not worth the 115 dollars. however my boyfriend ordered the fillet mignon and that was amazing. one of the best I've ever had. thus I think it's good to go there for traditional steak but nothing imported such as the Wagyu steak. also, they're dessert was pretty good - try the creme brûlée !Appetizers and sides ruled my visit here.  
Kobe sliders were good.  Tuna tartar was fresh and delicious.  Lobster bisque was out of this world.  Salads were average, maybe even below average.  
Steaks were less-than-amazing, which surprised all of the people in my group.  None of us had been to BP before but we're all steakhouse "veterans."  The steaks were all absolutely charred on the outside while being correctly cooked on the inside for the most part.  The rub they slathered the steaks in was odd, as well.  I appreciated that the NY strip was grass fed organic, and that was apparent in the flavor of the meat, but the bitter charcoal exterior really detracted from the natural flavor of the meat.  This sentiment was echoed by all of my party.  
The more traditional steakhouse goers in the group did not appreciate the trendiness, feeling it tried putting an institition like American steakhouses into a prettied up, club-like atmosphere.  I didn't echo this as I enjoyed the wood walls and modern tables and chairs.  
The mushroom side was AMAZING.  I'd strongly recommend.  The tatertots were not that great.  The asparagus was fresh and perfectly cooked.  
The wine list, my favorite part, was standard for a steakhouse.  Lots of big cali cabs and little else of note (outside of the 82 first growths like Cheval Blanc for $7400).  We settled on a $250 bottle of Plumpjack Cab that was fantastic (if carrying the steakhouse standard 200% markup).  This was probably the best part of the meal.  
Interestingly, the women in our group liked this place far more than the men here.  They said they appreciated that it wasn't so manly.My husband and I were excited to go to Barclay Prime. It was very nice, very dark,(I actually used a candle to read the menu). We had to wait at least 5 minutes before a waiter took our drink order, we started off with excellent appetizers. It was very loud, this one woman was so obnoxiously loud and had way too much to drink (for the price you shouldn't have to experience that). We ordered the steaks, which were cooked perfectly, but way over salted , the sides were also way over salted and overcooked.  But of course I didn't say anything and payed the bill, we will not make that same mistake twice. My husband was also up all night with heartburn. It's a shameIf the Brady Bunch hit the jackpot and hired an interior designer, their house would resemble Barclay Prime. And that's a huge compliment in my book.
The two areas of the restaurant don't totally mesh, but they're both awesome. When you walk into the bar area, you'd think Barclay Prime takes itself fairly seriously--there is dark, rich wood and a library feel to it. The only nod to the whimsy of the dining room is the retro black and white floor (which I loved!)
Walking into the dining room almost feels like walking into a separate restaurant. It is light and airy, with comfy 60s/70s low olive green couches and chairs paired with more modern-looking marble tables and fancy crystal chandeliers. I'm used to being scrunched into tiny NYC restaurants, so the table felt spacious and roomy. 
But onto the food:
Raw Bar: We had a sampling of seafood, and all of it was pretty much the best ever. Tasty lobster, GIANT shrimp, and oysters that made me love oysters (I didn't love them previously).
Sides: Truffle mac and cheese was the clear winner. I could have eaten it as an entrée. Everything was delicious, but the other standouts were the whipped potatoes and the brussel sprouts. I wasn't as crazy about the creamed spinach as everyone else here seems to be.
Entrée: I had the Ahi Tuna, which was very, very good, but in retrospect, I wish I had chosen the crabcake.
Dessert: I tried a little bit of everything (don't judge--we were a big group!), and my favorite surprised me. I LOVED the warm cookie, which was actually sectioned into sugar cookie, chocolate chip, and oatmeal raisin. The seasonal cheesecake was topped with apple, which was a strange pairing. The Barclay was a hit at our table.
The service was generally impeccable, as you can imagine. The only flaw was that there seemed to be an oddly long lag time for wine, even though we ordered well in advance. We sat at the table at several points with nothing to drink. But other than that tiny blip, dinner was magnificent, and I hope I'm lucky enough to return!Downtown location with a nice mix of vintage and contemporary decor. Food is expensive, but very good. We came for the steaks and were not disappointed; the sides (sauteed mushrooms and truffle mashed potatoes) were delicious. The ability to choose your steak knife is a novel twist.
They forgot our oyster sampler appetizer, but made up for it by offering complimentary dessert. They got my wife's martini wrong twice, but immediately fixed it. Our server was very personable, and offered a great suggestion for brunch the next morning. Might have been five stars without the snafus, but the staff covered well.I came here when my mom came into town and wanted to take me out to dinner, as I probably wouldn't spend so much on a meal myself. But it was definitely worth it. The service was great and the food was very good. The complimentary popovers are AMAZING. As it's a steak house, the steak was obviously perfect, but what I would go back for is more of those popovers.Best steak ever. I really love Sullivan's but my steak - prime ribeye - was flavorful and soft. Again maybe the best steak I ever had. The man had Chilean sea bass and it was done perfectly. He even says maybe the best he ever had. Pop over rolls were delicious - eat while hot. Mac and cheese side was awesome. Tator tots are worth skipping.  The man does not like cauliflower but even HE enjoyed it there. Nice twist with the sauce and not over done. The artichoke side was also good. Waiter was awesome and very knowledgable. Atmosphere of being in a library was very funky. Unisex group bathroom was a little hard for the man to get used to (think Alley McBeal). The smores dessert and latte were awesome!!! Save room for that dessert if you can.My favorite steakhouse in Philly, and maybe on the whole east coast...
The ambiance is amazing - it feels like sitting in the library of a cool modern home. The food is out of the world - from popovers, to the creamed spinach side, to the steaks themselves. And finally, the service leaves nothing to be desired, while passing over all the pretentiousness you often see at NY steakhouses. 
Side note for female steakhouse-goers from my wife: this is not a steakhouse that will make you feel intimidated with a bunch of red-faced overweight men rambling on about 20-oz ribeye. I split a 12oz filet with my dining partner, and the staff was nothing but accommodating.In short: I expected much better for the price. 
Several people in my group had their steaks cooked incorrectly, which is pretty inexcusable considering what you're paying. The experience wasn't terrible, but it in no way lived up to the hype.Excellent local alternative to the standard steakhouses (Mortons, Ruth Chris, etc.). They have a $120 cheesesteak - best sandwich I've ever eaten. Also the Tomahawk Ribeye is amazing but note that it is meant for two people to share.Definitely pricey and the place is high on pretension but you can't argue with the results. Highlights: Rib eye, porterhouse, truffle mashed potatoes. Service is excellent, they even let you choose your own steak knife. If you really want to drop some serious coin, try the $100 kobe beef cheesesteak (which comes with a small bottle of champagne). If you're with large group, split 6 ways as an appetizer. For a cheaper taste of the kobe beef, go for the sliders.
But definitely focus on the rib eye and porterhouse for steaks. Don't be fooled. There is excellent food behind the trendy buzz.In Center City, within a five block radius, if you're looking for a meaty meal you've got your pick from roughly ten steakhouses. Some are good, some are not, but one is best.  In my opinion, none do it as well as Barclay Prime. 
If you've never been inside picture you're a pawn on the chessboard of a game being played in the study of a very rich, very mod book collector whose favorite colors are sunny yellow, pea green, and buttercream (evident by the leather upholstery), who hints at his eccentricity by dangling a half-dozen crystal chandeliers and throwing around a few zebra-printed rugs. 
The menu is not large, but it is mighty. Mighty good. Fat cuts of filet, marbleized ribeyes, over-sized succulent shrimp, lobsters as big as your head, salty pearls of Osetra caviar with mini blinis, chopped egg and house-made creme fraiche, garlicky greens, and creamy or crispy potatoes. And an impeccable staff to serve it all.Had no reservation, but was seated quickly. The most memorable part of dinner were the "Kobe" sliders and the tartare. The atmosphere was modern and classy. Perfect for impressing clients, albeit overpriced.I had my birthday dinner here. We had a round of appetizers consisting of scallop, calms and oysters. But the foie gras was definitely the star in the appetizers. It was so rich and buttery.
For entree,  I had the 28 day dry aged porterhouse steak. It was my first time having the dry aged steak and it was absolutely delicious. Dry aged steak has it own unique flavor. It had such a strong funky aroma and taste. It was cooked a bit med rare although I asked for rare but that's okay. We also ordered basically all the sides. And the tater tots was definitely the best. It had a dense and cheesy texture. 
The best part of the meal was the service. Our waitress was very attentive and entertaining! Definitely made the whole dining experience so much better.Has really changed. Waited 40 mins for a table when half the restaurant was empty. Service NOTHING like used to be. Really poor. Then had so many leftovers and only gave us steak and NONE Of the four sides we had. Really disappointing.Love the Kobe beef sliders.  They are so good.  I've only been for dinner twice because it is so pricey.  Thankfully you can order apps in the bar area so I can enjoy some of the more affordable items on the menu.My husband and I just went here for his birthday and it has been my favorite steakhouse in Philly so far. The food was delicious. We had beef tartar for the first time and I really liked it. We both had filet minion which had the perfect amount of salt and melted in your mouth. You get to choose your steak knife which I thought was a fun feature. The sides we had were the tater tots and truffle Mac and cheese. One of the best Mac and cheeses I have had. Creamy and earthy.
The service was outstanding! Melissa was our server and she was my favorite server I have ever had. So nice and very knowledgable! 
Overall an amazing experience.I'm not the kind of girl that would usually go to a Steven Starr restaurant, but when my friend offers to foot the bill, I'll give in to curiosity and check it out.
Barclay Prime is all hype.   I agree with Blake S. on the interior design - it's horrifically campy.  It tries far too hard to be edgy (if you've been to the bathrooms there, you know what I mean) and ends up just being mediocre and boring.
Why am I giving it one star?  Because not one but TWO of the steaks at my table had to be sent back.  I ordered mine Medium and recieved it  Well Done.  It was completely brown the whole way through.  My friend (the one who was paying) ordered his steak Rare and got it Medium.  My second steak came back as ordered, but his was basically a slab of raw meat--I'm talking beyond rare.  Like they put it in the pan for five seconds to sear the smallest outer layer and then gave it to him out of spite.  The third member of our party had a perfectly prepared kobe beef steak (medium), and we envied her all night.
This kind of screw-up is abominable at any steakhouse, but at a place where you're paying $75-100 per head, it's inexcusable.  
If you're going to go, definitely spend the extra $$ for the Kobe beef - it tastes exponentially better than their other steaks.  The sliders are a great appetizer, too.   - but you can get those at other restaurants in rittenhouse (like Alfa) and they taste just as good.I was not impressed. After reading all the reviews I was very excited to go. The Kobe Sliders and Lobster Bisque were incredible so I was very excited to get my Porterhouse which was highly recommended. I was very disappointed. It was like a salt lick and no taste to it. I have had much better. The $10 sides were mediocre at best. The amount of money you spend you should expect the best and I certainly did not get my money's worth. Our serves was no help at all. I would go back for appetizers but never for a main course again.As I continue my pattern of only coming here on other people's dimes, I can say with pride that Barclay Prime reeks of opulence. A comfortable and spacious lounge area immediately at the entrance provides a nice segue into the spacious main dining tavern. Luxury and comfort is not sacrificed in the pursuit of upscale: the couch style seating provides you with much needed support when hounding down copious amounts of meat and alcohol. In addition to your typical steak house fare, novelty items on the menu include a $100 wagyu and foie gras cheesesteak (not at all worth it). My only complaint with my night was the relatively empty scene on a Monday night. Maybe its the four years of living in New York, but its started to be discomforting to me when a place isnt veritably bursting at the seams...Picked Barclay Prime for our sole dinner on a quick trip to Philadelphia based on yelp reviews and we were not disappointed.
Grabbed a Saturday night reservation on opentable - lucked out and got one at a good time. Would recommend booking in advance as the place was pretty packed when we arrived.
Checked in 15 mins early and made ourselves comfortable at the bijou bar - barman was great, really quick service and within minutes I was sipping on something delish made with lemon, lavender & champagne...I was happy to see that the extensive wine list had some nice and unusual grapes on the menu as well as a decent by the glass selection (I like to hop around the wine list and not commit to one bottle).
Our table was ready bang on the reservation time and we were escorted through to the much brighter and more modern feeling dining room. Our 2 person table had a large enough surface area (hate it when there is no room for waters, bread, wines, flowers, candles, cutlery etc and the whole meal is like a game of chess) and whilst it was close to our neighbours we are used to an inch gap sometimes in NY so did not find this obtrusive.
Our server was right over dealing with our water option and providing wine lists and menus. We had picked the place for its steaks and whilst the bf was procrastinating about ordering the $100 cheesesteak I knew he was not serious - we did take a while discussing the merits of each of the steaks available.
Our server did not hurry us and instead took wine orders which were quickly filled and sent popovers our way - I had pre-warned him I don't eat carbs and he ensured that the bread guy did not try to tempt me. The bf did make lots of appreciative nods as he tried his.
For appetizers we both opted for the steak tartare as we are both fans and I am so pleased we did. The portion size was great, made up of small cuts of filet bathed in a rich dijon & egg yolk sauce with just enough sharp capers and red onion to cut through the richness. Some crispy onions and pea shoots on top complimented the dish. Easily in my top 3 of tartares....might even be #1.
For entrees we went steak all the way (although the fish options were tempting). The bf took a 16oz 28 day dry aged NY strip and I opted for the 12oz prime filet. I thought the 'pick your steak knife' selection was a nice touch - especially as the knife I chose was razor sharp (another pet peeve for me is dull knives). My steak came 'blue' as I ordered with a succulant and well seasoned crisp on the outside but with a cool and raw centre - it was a great peice of meat, perfectly seasoned and cooked just how I like it...sublime. The bf opted for a medium-rare cook and his steak came with a similar well seasoned crust but just cooked a little more allowing the fat to render and add heaps of delicious flavour.
We passed on the carby sides (knowing we wanted our appetites to be sated by the meat) and opted for creamed spinach and roasted brocolli. The spinach was nice but nothing special although I really liked that it was not swimming in cream or overly fatty but the real star was the roasted brocolli...it was super crispy and chared with just the right about of red chili flakes to pep it up but not kill the flavour. I was tempted to order a second serving.
Opted for coffees rather than deserts and were left alone by our servers to relax and enjoy our table for as long we wanted. 
The bill was not hideous - came out to about $300 all in, which I thought was fair given the quality of the food & drinks, great service and enjoyable atmosphere.This place was amazing! Took my date here for his birthday in April and everything was exquisite. Our meals were tasteful and the dessert was the best I've had in a long time. 
He had the 12oz prime filet and was left speechless at how good it was. I had the roasted chicken while we shared the truffle mac n cheese and potato gratin, absolutely no complaints.
The best was telling the waiter that the birthday boy was picking the dessert and them bring in it out with a Happy Birthday written on the plate. Good job paying attention!
Oh and you can't forget the choice of knives they gave us. That was fun :)
Definitely will be going back when I'm in the Philly area again!We celebrated our anniversary at this restaurant last night. Matthew was our sever, and he was EXCELLENT. Ask for him! We each had salads. My wedge salad was out of this world - definitely order it with the Russian/Blue Cheese mixed dressing. I ordered the American Wagyu. My husband and I lived near Tokyo for several years so we KNOW Wagyu beef. The American version was pretty good! It was cooked exactly as I ordered and, although it wasn't quite up to Japanese standards, it was delicious and better than I expected. My husband ordered the bone in ribeye, which had a gamier and fantastic taste. I might order that next time! We enjoyed the truffle Mac n cheese and the tater tots. I think next time we might order the Mac n cheese and a green instead, but only because we like green veggies and I bet they're great at BP! We loved the pop over rolls they served. It was the first time my husband had a pop over (he's not from the area), and he ate his, mine, his second, and part of my second. I loved the sea salt butter -- it was a great compliment to the roll. To finish, we ordered the warm cookie with ice cram. Oh. My. Gosh. GET THE COOKIE! It's actually three cookies in one, and it is AMAZING. To drink, we ordered one of the large containers of fancy beer :) We spent about $250 (before tip), which we felt was fair for the quality of food and service. Our reservation was for 7:15, which seemed to be the right time to beat the crowd. The bar area looked like a great place to dine as well.This steakhouse is truly incredible. First, the high level of service is tough to beat; the staff is always attentive to your needs. This reminds you of a different era. Second, the steak is absolutely succulent and delicious. It is the best steak I've ever had. This is paired with great side dishes and decadent dessert. If you want to treat yourself to a celebratory meal, would highly recommend. In terms of the atmosphere, Barclay Prime is a very comfortable lounge environment. The seating is on couches and couch chairs, and it is seating that you just want to sink into. The location is great, right on Rittenhouse Square. Do note the lighting is very dark to create an intimate atmosphere. Overall, would highly recommend. If you are looking for steak, and not on a budget, definitely the right choice!My fiancé and I went to dinner to celebrate it being six months until we get married.  The dinner was the best we have had in Philadelphia in a long time.  The service was impeccable and we had a great night.  Looking forward to going back again!Food, wine, & service were all great.... Kobe sliders are the best!  The steaks are one of the best in Philly (it's "sister" restaurant Butcher & Singer also with the other best Philly steak)... The prices are high, but well worth the food & experience.....the $100 cheesesteak is overrated (foie gras & truffles).....Everything about this place is just AHH-MMAAHH-ZING!! Fantastic elegant decor, top notch service and the food are phenomenal!!  It is pricey - yes ... but this review is not about their prices.  I let my husband worry about that ... haha ...
But yes ... other than being a little pricey, everything else are just perfect.
My husband first took me here for our wedding anniversary.  We had a really nice, intimate and romantic dinner.  Then we came back for his birthday with a group of friends.  We had a blast! That said, this place is good for an intimate romantic dinner for lovebirds, but also has that comfortable-vibe to hang with your friends.
The two time I was there, Barclay maintains their superiority in all aspects.
We had the oyster ... I can't eat oyster.  I just can't swallow it ... just eeewww! But my husband said theirs was really good and fresh.  So there.  I take his words on reviewing the oyster here.  I had the bone marrow which was so delicate and tasty.
They also gave us this complimentary bread.  I don't what it's called exactly.  But it's some kind of their home-made bread but not really a bread as it had layers similar to a croissant.  It was warm, flaky, soft and buttery. 
I had the dry aged NY strip, and my husband had the Australian Wagyu steak ... both steaks were cooked medium rare perfectly.  Both steaks were tender and juicy.  But the wagyu ... it just melt in you mouth!  Seriously, it didn't feel like I was chewing a meat ... more like chewing jelly.  It's THAT tender!  For the sides, we had creamed spinach, mushrooms and potato gratin.
The tenderness, the flavor ... everything was just beautiful! 
But oh my dear Yelpers ... I am sorry to tell you that I didn't feel this much love for their Cheesesteak.  My friend ordered it and I had a bite.  Yes it was good ... but it's not worth $100 to me.  I just didn't see the beauty in this, nothing to rave about.
Now let's talk about service ... as I said, it was TOP-NOTCH! Everyone from the hosts, hostesses, and servers were all polite, friendly and know their stuff.  Our server, both times, were wonderful.  He suggested wonderful choices of wine pairing with our food, they answered to all our questions concerning the menu ... and ohh, did I mention about choosing your own steak knife?  Yeah, so the server would bring out a set of steak knives for you to choose one!  I never had any experience like that.  So choosing my own steak-knife, I felt like a "samurai" of the day ... hahaha .. it was definitely unique and fun in it's own way.
At the end, it's been an all around excellent dining experience. 
Definitely, positively, highly recommended place to try!This place is delicious. When my fiance was trying to convince me to move from NYC to Philly with him, he took me here, and it worked. The filet mignon was incredible, as was everything else. Big portions of delicious food with a more fun ambiance than your typical stuffy steakhouse. I really enjoyed it, will be back soon!Was this the best restaurant experience of my life? Probably. Everything was absolutely perfect.
Came here for my birthday a couple of weeks ago. Delightful waitstaff. 
We started off with a couple of cocktails, both trying two of their specialty cocktails. They were unique and delicious and used some fascinating ingredients.
As I've recently become a huge fan of foie gras, I ordered the appetizer which was easily the best foie gras i ever had. It was served with a grape jam and mashed peanut topping. Incredible. A taste explosion, really.
We ordered steaks - me the ribeye, she the new york. both cooked masterfully and just wonderful cuts of meat. Thick and juicy, what else do you need? Tried a new bottle of wine - recommended by our waiter that was just perfect and did not try to upsell. Had a side of the au gratin which were cheesy and delicious and the wife had the best creamed spinach either one of us had ever tasted.
But oh those popovers. They were flaky and cheesey and warm and served with this awesome tasting butter. So fantastic. Double up on those popovers. They're that good. 
Had a chocolate cake thing for dessert that was, not surprisingly super sweet and smooth.
An all around excellent experience. This is the kind of place that motivates you to be successful. Some lucky people have the opportunity to eat at places of this caliber often, and if you are one of those, I am jealous! For those of you that dine at places like this rarely, it's worth it. If you only get out to a nice restaurant once a year or once every five years, you won't be disappointed. And for those that are intimidated by fancy restaurants: don't be.  We are not "fancy folk" and we were made to feel very welcome and comfortable. A+++Not worth it! Service with an attitude, good but not great food, and at $300 for two people I was hoping for a lot more.The best "real" steak in Philadelphia!  Not cheap, but very good prime cuts.  I took my wife here on our anniversary and had a great time for about $200.Holy Cow! (literally!!)
FYI: The entrance is very discrete and easily missed.
I absolutely adored the decor in this restaurant.  It was like an old English study with dim lighting and a loungy feel.  The walls were lined wtih book shelves and books haphazardly arranged to make it appear natural. 
As much as I love food I cannot wrap my head around these prices so I consider myself fortunate that I was invited here for a work party.
To say I was blown away is an understatement.
First off the service is second to none.
For the table we had several orders of :
Oysters (both types offered) , lobster, crab, giant shrimp from the raw bar, kobe sliders, HUGE scallops and the $100+ cheesesteak (was sliced like a hero and served as an appetizer)
I have to be honest, I am normally not a fan of cheesesteak (faux pas for a Philadelphian I know!) but this was unbelievable!  It was so moist and had so much flavor and was a very unexpected surprise to my taste buds! Yum Yum Yum!
Steak for dinner: Satsuma wagyu NY strip kyushu island
This was the most prciey steak on the menu ringing in at over $100
Never had such an expensive steak before and it was mind blowing!
Melted in my mouth!  If you can afford such pleasures I recommend it!
The table was also filled with every side order on the menu.  Though I was highly  preoccupied with my steak, I sampled the spinach (good), mac n cheese (good), potatoses (wished I'd saved the room for more steak!).
For dessert:
Toasted chocolate s'mores
Ahhhhmazing!  Especially if you have a sweet tooth like I do.
It is very decadent.
I Look forward to more work events here!Best kept secret is their Happy Hour!  Good snacks and drinks!Disclaimer: If I could, I'd give 3.5/5 stars, however I thought 4 stars was too laudatory.
This restaurant is a lot of sizzle, and a good, not great steak. The ambiance is interesting with a library-feel and couches instead of traditional chairs. My biggest complaint about this is that the couches slide around, a lot. While they are comfortable and certainly interesting, they are on wheels, so every time someone shifts his or her weight you move.
As for the food, I went with a small party on an expense account, and the food was good, not great. I started with a hamachi crudo that was unmemorable but certainly not offensive by any means. I also split the scallop appetizer with a friend and that was probably the best thing that I ate over the course of my meal.
I ordered a porterhouse medium-rare that was supple and cooked to the right temperature, which was great, but was profoundly underseasoned. 
Additionally, the sides were of remarkably uneven quality. They touted their truffle mac and cheese as one of their signature dishes, and it tasted like salty truffle oil and butter that was very much separated, and I'd much prefer a box of Annie's at a 10th of the price. Their tater tots were really exquisite, I would recommend them to any diner. Their potatoes au-gratin were good but nothing special, and their brussels sprouts were good, but also underseasoned.
Their desserts were very good and I would say a redeeming part of the meal. Really among the finer desserts I've had. 
The staff is helpful, but a bit pedantic, probably because I was a younger guest, but to be fair they were considerably nicer after our party made our orders. You get to choose your knife which is a novel concept and definitely has a "wow-factor," but I wanted the same knife as one of my party members had picked, and settled for my second choice knife because I could not figure out how to broach that subject without sounding like an ass.
Overall, this is supposed to be the best steakhouse in Philadelphia, and my steak and sides were underwhelming. I've had better steaks consistently at Butcher and Singer. I was told by a friend that a porterhouse at Barclay is not a "good order," but to that I say "a top quality steakhouse should put out a top quality steak." I would go back again voluntarily provided i didn't have to foot the bill, and wouldn't object if a friend told me to meet them there with knowledge that I would split the bill, but I'm certainly not eager for the day I return. 7/10 for what is supposedly a 5-star establishment.Trendy restaurant with exceptional service and food. Our waiter was by far one of the most attentive we have had in fine dining experience. My husband and I started  with the $98 caviar - which although small, blows your tastebuds away. We then went onto the foie gras appetizer, which I think was around $30 and very tasty. My husband really wanted to try to the $100 cheesesteak (which turned out to be highly overrated and overpriced). You are much better going with the steak here - our mouths were gushing seeing some of the freshest steaks going to nearby tables. For the price and difference in the look of the foods, you are much better off going with a fish or steak dish. I got the salmon - very flavorful and nice sized dish - very good pricing. This is definitely a pot my husband and I will visit again soon!!Don't miss the Cheesesteak experience! Absolutely amazing! The popovers melt in your mouth....The ribeye was the best steak I've ever eaten. Period.  The service was spot on and the whole place just shines really.  It also feels more comfortable than some other high end places.Best steak in philly. If you can swing it order a strip, split it with your companion, and get the lobster. Most amazing lobster ever. Poached in butter, served warm with butter and lemon. No work, no mess, soooo worth it. All the sides are amazing! Make sure you get a popover, the salty butter is mouthwatering. Don't come here if your being economical or watching your waist. For those who want to splurge it's perfect!I was in Philly for the weekend and I love steakhouses! I had to try one I haven't been too so Barclay Prime was my choice.  We had a 9:15 reservation and we were a few minutes late but there was no issue. Service was impeccable...wish I remembered our servers name because I would give him props! 
We ordered the west coast oysters, shrimp cocktail, split a wedge salad, sea bass, and a medium rare filet that was cooked to perfection with martinis. Only thing I would mention and probably shouldn't was the bartender didn't have the perfect pour when it came to martinis...but that could be that I watch too much bar rescue and make Martinis at home so only filling a Martini to slight over half a glass is a no no to me.. But back to the good stuff we ate everything happily including their famous warm popovers...a must have. We passed on the  dessert because we were full beyond belief but they gave us salted caramel truffles with our check that completed the meal. If you want a steak house that is not stuffy and dated and the food and service is great this is a great place to go!My boyfriend and I came here for our 4 year anniversary and this place gave us a great experience. We came here not expecting too much because it was our first time. This place definitely blew our minds because the service was amazing and the food was phenomenal. We ordered the tomahawk steak, where we shared, wagu sliders, 1/2 dozen east coast and west coast oysters, and brussel sprouts. The steak was very delicious, it was medium rare and the outside was a bit char and the inside melted. The wavy sliders were great. The oysters were my favorite. I'd recommend ordering the west coast oysters over the east coast ones because they have a stronger ocean taste. Lastly the brussel sprouts were good. They were pretty simple, but they were a good steak chaser. I totally recommend this place for a special occasion and if you want to splurge on good food and want to live the lavish life.Place is entirely cliche but in a great way! Food was delicious, amazing quality and cooked perfectly. Portions were huge, too big for myself and my husband (who's a giant human!), but such a non complaint. Lovely dining room. Insanely good waiter. Incredibly expensive (we did drink A LOT though). Go for a special occasion or date night. You won't be disappointed.Great food, great booze and great service. Truly one of the best steak houses on the eastern seaboard!Delicious food, great service, nice atmosphere. Drinks were fabulous and the popovers are amazing. The $120 cheesesteak was one of the best things I have ever eaten.I don't like the steak here, but I used to come pretty frequently for appetizers and dessert. But, after my last experience, they've lost my loyalty. 
Usually when I'd come for just dessert, I'd sit in the dim bar area. Sometimes I'd have a full meal with several apps and once in a while I like to sit in the brighter dining room. This last time there was a convention so it was a little crowded and there were no tables available in the bar. I wanted to have appetizers and dessert. I'm a small woman, so that's actually a lot of food for me. But, I was told that I couldn't sit in the dining room if I wasn't having "dinner." I don't know how they define dinner. This place is pretty expensive, so a couple apps and a dessert could easily cost $100, but I guess if I don't order the mediocre steak, it doesn't count? Let me point out that the dining room wasn't full. They just decided they didn't want me eating there that day. Well, that's fine. I won't be coming back. 
Regarding food: 
- Deep dish cookie dessert: spectacular! The one thing I'm going to miss
- Seared foie gras:  very good, but poorly presented with fennel and a lack of a sweet contrast
- Crab cocktail: very average, a lot of crab but standard sauce. 
- Mashed potatoes: not memorable
- Sliders: dry and flavorless. 
- Ribeye steak: terrible. Medium rare comes out burnt and bitter on the outside. I had to cut off a layer charcoal. There are a lot of steak places in Philadelphia with more flavor in the meat (Ocean Prime & Ruth's Chris come to mind) and they have better customer service.I wish I can give them a 3.5 stars..but 3..will do. 
I love the set up of the whole place and the fact that it was much more modern and hip in comparison to some of the other pricey steakhouses in Philadelphia. The steaks (ny strip & filet) were beautifully cooked. The apps were delicious and the love triangle cocktail was just the right amount of sweetness. I probably wouldn't waste the money on sides again though. The mushrooms were decent. Tots and Brussels sprouts were below par. Truffle Mac and cheese would have been great if there wasn't a piece of hair in the middle of it.... 
Overall, I definitely would come here again. I think it was just an overall bad night..or unlucky for us. Besides the hair in the Mac, one of the waiters from another table actually dropped food on my friends shoes..he was holding way too many plates! Also for a high end steakhouse, I think finding hair is pretty gross. Even though the waiter comped us for that $17 Mac n cheese...a round of drinks to say sorry would have been better on top of the side...By far the best Restaurant I have visited in Philadelphia lately.  Food and drinks were excellent,  service was good, decoration was elegant, sober and nice.From start to finish superb...crab cake app, sea bass, filet, truffled Mac and cheese, dessert - pricey but well a great value for the quality of food and service!Great dining experience at this restaurant. The decor is elegant and I loved how we were given a choice as to which International knives to choose from for our steaks! I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the Philadelphia area.Food: 4.5
Decor: 5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 5
Value: 4
Amazing atmosphere, service, and quality. Definitely worth a happy hour visit.Super upscale steakhouse :) 
I went here for a friend's birthday party and I think all 10 of us loved our meal.
TRY:
Australian wagyu filet - yes. it melts in your mouth. 
Truffle mac & cheese 
(i had a beet salad to start the meal but it was ok...nothing special. sames goes for tater tots and truffle whipped potatoes as sides)
SERVICE:
Excellent! Very polite and professional service.
AMBIANCE:
Looooooove their atmosphere here. Super classy and hip at the same time. 
and it's always nice to walk across the street to the Rittenhouse and walk off that 10000 calories you just consumed. LOLCame in here today with the intention of adding the Kobe beef sliders to my burger collection.I always say the service at these upscale places are second to none,so that isn't an issue.I decided to read the menu and that decision cost me a few extra dollars.I chose to "take the gloves off " and order a steak.I love the cutlery they bring out before the meal it makes the experience "extra fancy".The steak was just about perfect,tender and very nicely seasoned.Ilove the steak at Smith and Wollensky but I have to admit this one is a better cut and better tasting.I was looking forward to the Kobe beef sliders so maybe I will come back tomorrow.In my opinion this is the best steak money can buyThat's the most impressive dinner we had in Philly. The tajima ny strip was out of the world, in New York, that piece could easily get double priced. Smoked bacon is also heavenly. House special filet wrap was an O-kay. Decor kinda odd, an old elegant ceiling with deli-like tables and chairs, a whole wall of books. For foodies, the food means everything though. I am looking forward to going back. I am planning to eat up that 16 oz piece of goodness and bacon mixed with mashed potato all by myself!!! lol :) :PAmazing, low key, classy place. Loved being able to pick my own steak knife! Worth every penny. Get extra order of the popover bread!It comes with a steep price tag, but the food, ambiance, and service are all top notch. Everything from the complimentary pop-overs, to our appetizer--wagyu sliders--to our steaks, to the dessert--chocolate lava cake--were nothing short of culinary perfection. An excellent venue for special occasions or to just pamper yourselves, Barclay Prime is absolutely worth it!Not worth the money you spend!
I usually love Stephen Starr restaurants but this was by far my worst restaurant experience ever!
Lobster bisque was one of the worst I've ever tasted. 
The beef tar tar had way too many onions/shallots in it to even appreciate the flavor of the beef.
The 15oz. Veal chop lacked any kind of delicious veal flavor, it was like eating an overcooked pork chop -- not what I want to spend $47 on!
The NY Strip was ok, but frankly, I could have cooked it 10x better at home and for 1/5th the price.
The truffle mac n cheese tasted as if a whole bottle of truffle oil was used in just our one portion, inedible!
Not only was the food not good, the service lacked too! I've had better service at an Applebees!
I will never go back there and I suggest you don't waste your money on it either!
Very disappointing.Friend's father treated us out for dinner here, definitely the best (and most expensive!) dining experience I've had.
We got beef tartar, scallops, and oysters as starters. I'm not a fan of oysters, but everything was delicious. I ordered the 24 oz. porterhouse, and other members of our party got filet mignon, the NY strip, and lamb chops. We got asparagus, whipped potatoes, and creamed spinach on the side. Make sure to get sauces (the house steak sauce is great) for the steaks! I don't think this restaurant can make anything wrong.. everything was so exquisite and delicious.
The service was great, though our waiter was a bit lengthy in explaining the menu--there's no need to go over every item on the menu, sir. Another plus--they have a entire selection of steak knives to choose from. How awesome is that?Absolutely amazing!  The minute you walk in you know you are going to get a fantastic meal!!!  Loved the lower seating, couch feel, dim light atmosphere. Just spectacular!!!  The food was incredible and Matthew P. Was the best waiter. Choose your wine, knife and enjoy the best meal!  This is a must!  An experience you can not miss!I have dined here several times with the same experience.... Absolutely amazing.  From the ambiance to the food to the staff five stars!!!! Everyone should give Barclay a try at least once...to me service is just as important as your meal and sincerely speaking its a tie... the service is second to none and the food will melt in your mouth...not to even mention the terrific drink menu ... any weight or a waitress that I have had at this location has been so informative and knowledgeable about every slice of meat to every piece of fish down to the silverware which you get to choose by the way for cutting...cant say enoughSoooo good. Celebrated my boyfriends birthday here and can't wait to go back. The Truffle Mac and Cheese is to die for. Steak practically melts in your mouth.We visit this restaurant for the steak reputation and did not dissapoint us. We had the filet mignon and the gachot & gachot ribeye that were well prepared and tasty. I love foie gras so I ordered one as an appetizer but it was over-cooked.  For our side-dish we ordered a potato gratin but had so many cheese that it was swimming in it and was not appealing. In overall the steaks were great but not my other choices.Perhaps the only Stephen Starr restaurant where it isn't completely obvious that you're in a Stephen Starr restaurant.  Typically the Starr formula is 50% decor + 30% food + 20% service (not that there's anything wrong with that... if you know what you're in for) but BP, like Morimoto, is more evenly balanced.  
Great Steak-house meets 70s library decor, with big comfy seats... a little too big if you're looking for close conversation across the table, but after several pounds of beef and wine, that recline is some sweet action.  I've been four times, and the steaks themselves have always been phenomenal... pick any, you can't go wrong.  The kobe sliders are also amazing -- I might actually consider getting a few orders as my entree.  And yes, without question, get the tots.  As for the infamous and brilliantly marketed $100 cheesesteak, don't order it as an entree, it's too rich, and you'll probably feel cheated -- unless someone else is paying (which is, incidentally, highly recommended).  But if you're in a group, get it as a starter, and think of it as an experience -- plus that way you all get the absurd story-telling rights.Love it. Nice service, delicious dessert and waitresses are always friendly.Probably, wait no, definitely the best steak I have ever had.  I have brought family that run restaurants and even they were shocked.  I don't know how they cook those steaks, but I'm assuming it involves a chef surrounded by an altar with lots of candles somehow channeling the spirit of the juiciness into his hands.  It's that good.
Any of the dry-aged steaks will make you very happy, and VERY full.  You won't be leaving this place with space for more.  You'll leave with a stupid smile on your face and head directly for bed.  
Not only the steaks, but the sides and appetizers are amazing as well.  The lobster bisque and steak tartar are highly recommended.  As for the sides, you can't skip the caramelized onions and mashed potatoes.  Definitely the potatoes, it takes the steak to another even crazier level.
Wine selection is great as well.  Note though: Make sure to reserve early if you plan on going on a weekend or any other special date.  Also, it isn't cheap.  You should expect to at least spend $100 per person here, but its worth it.The chips were stacked against it with those high prices and Laban's 2012 demotion, but this was the best steakhouse experience I've had in recent memory.  I expected a stuffy environment but the dining room was beautiful and the service was casual but attentive.  The filet was absolutely perfect.  I expected the potato gratin and brussels sprouts to be throw-away sides but they were both delicious.  I usually won't order a s'mores dessert but it was really worth ordering here.  The scallops and branzino were both delicious but comparably less memorable as beef is definitely the star here.  It is a splurge when you're company's not paying but the value is definitely there.i decided to hit this place up again after some convincing that i had been dead-wrong about my opinion on this place and that their bone-in filet was not to be missed. boy am i glad i kept an open mind!
holy cow you have not lived until you have had the bone-in filet at barclay! it was ridiculous. beyond delicious, perfectly med rare and for the first time in my life i was more into the meat than the potatoes (what can i say, i'm a carb junkie). it was so good i am embarassed to say there was nothing dainty about how i devoured almost all of it. i wasn't brave enough to retry the lobster bisque (heh) instead i opted for the crab cocktail (enormous, perfect chunks of ice cold fresh crab) which was the perfect start to the meal. also want to give shout outs to the extra dirty martini which was fabulous and the service which, far different than my previous experience, was impeccable. nice work, barclay, living up to the hype!I must begin by saying that I'm still blissfully delirious from the amount of food I fiendishly consumed at this culinary beacon. Maybe the best meal I've ever had. Now on to the good stuff !
Dinning at Barclay Prime is an experience that will not only reward your palette but your memory. I went there with three other friends, and as soon as we breached those golden doors, I knew it would be special. The first thing you see is a pretty young lady checking you in, then you are seated in probably the most comfortable dinning swatting ever by another pretty young lady. I don't know about you, but that's a perfect way to start a meal off. 
One of the unique things about Prime is that if you're a returning customer, they keep information on your preferences and the like to personalize your experience. Our server for the evening was witty and knowledgeable. I didn't even bother reading the menu, I just allowed her to give us the menu tour as if we were listening to a good bedtime story only with some of the best food you'll ever eat as the protagonist. 
The rolls were amazing. Buttery, spongy and crisp. I knew from there I was about to be impressed. And we literally ordered 80% of the menu. The Kobe sliders were as good as advertised. Again, butter crisp brioche bun elevated by the perfectly cooked patty. The gnochi with the lamb sausage...find a better cooked gnocchi, I dare you. With the mild and flavorful lamb sausage, I knew the smile on my face was going to be permanent.
Both tartars, the tuna and the Kobe, were melt in you mouth delicious, although the Kobe version was my favorite of the two. I'd have no problem eating copious amounts of either. The olive oil in the Tuna was flavorful and pleasing in it's own right. 
Even though the bacon wrapped scallops weren't on the menu, the version we received were good, but I'm not a big fan of foams and all that gastronomy. Good nonetheless. Still, the pork belly accompanied by that butternut squash purée was the epitome of pork deliciousness; I could never be Muslim after that. Tender, fatty, smokey, heavenly. I feel like I forgot something from the appetizer round but I'm sure it was good as well.
For the main event we ordered the butter poached lobster, twi 28 day aged  NY strips, crab cakes and the infamous $100 Kobe cheese steak. In addition we enjoyed, the Mac and cheese,with the panfishes, morels and carmelized onions, truffle mash, tater tots, au gratin, creamed spinach and my personal favorite, the spatzel with it's lighted pillory goodness and roasted garlic flavor. I'm having flashbacks right now....
The steaks were perfectly cooked, the lobster was a an example on how to use butter perfectly. And apparently these lobster this night were flown in from somewhere between nearAfrica and South America were the lobsters are supposed to be the best in the world.
If anything the Kobe cheesesteak was too much. The foie gras and the truffles were too strong and rich for my liking. I didn't eat more than two bits as to not overwhelm my palette. If you have the chance to order a $100 cheesesteak do it for shits and giggles but nothing more.
I'm not a desert person but the apple butter biegnets, the penna cotta with the strawberry/ rhubarb soup were great but at this point I was stuffed like a piñata. I even needed an expresso to stave of the onset of my food drunkenness. 
Throughout out this well choreographed food excursion, we sipped on Brooklyn #2 which yielded the best first sip of beer I've ever had. My glass was never empty from there on out. The manager even stopped by our table to check in on us. 
I can't say anything more about this place.  Honestly, for a unforgettable experience I'd put Prime against any place in our fair city. I'm officially sprung.We stumbled in to the dim, sexy, and black leather-clad bar, sans reservation, on NYE 2013. It was my boyfriend's first time at Barclay. After our meal, he proclaimed it his new favorite restaurant in the city.
28 Day Dry Aged 16 Oz. NY Strip - 5 out or 5.
We opted for the medium rare preparation without any of the sauces. Believe me, the meat is so flavorful you won't want, or need, to augment it.
Truffle Mac & Cheese - 4.5 out of 5
Whenever I dine at Barclay, I always get the side of Truffle Mac. The black truffle is always so pronounced, earthy, and mesmerizing. The first time I tried this dish, the experience was "roll-your-eyes-back-in-your-head-and-sink-back-in-your-chair" good. This time, I detracted 0.5 stars because the pasta was a little too al dente, or firm. It could have cooked for a minute or two longer and would have been perfect. The cheese was oozing and the perfect accompaniment to the cellentani (large, hollow, corkscrew) pasta. 
Beef Steak Tartare (Hand-Chopped Filet Mignon with Dijon Sauce) - 5 out of 5
My boyfriend ordered this dish and we both agreed that the texture, acidity, and creaminess were in perfect balance. While I had a small bit of doubt about ordering raw steak, I was amazed at how flavorful and silky the steak tasted. The crostini was nicely prepared thin and toasted with some seasoning and oil. I would order it again!
Hamachi Crudo - 5 out of 5
Fantastic. We loved the light marinade and the crunchy noodles on top. This dish was simple, elevated, and addictive.
Overall, Barclay delivers--and then some. It was lovely to spend NYE there and we look forward to going back as soon as another special occasion arises!Went here for the first time for my fiancé's birthday and was extremely happy with the service and food here. The steak was cooked perfectly at medium rare, a great feat considering most places botch this up even at this level of restaurant. 
The soft shell crab app was probably the best cooked soft shell crab I've had and I almost always order this if I see it on the menu at any restaurant. The lobster bisque was good but the little amount of caviar they put in there was ridiculous. They might as well not have mentioned it in the description. 
Deceptively undescriptive under the side dishes was the delicious spicy broccoli rabe which would make a vegetarian happy to enter a steakhouse. The portion was larger then what most steakhouse would serve for veggies. Their truffle whipped potato was good but it doesn't compare to the one I've had at Mr. and Mrs. Bund in Shanghai which was even lighter, fluffier, and creamier.
As for the drink, I just had the seersucker and it was pretty good. The waiter later told me it was the staff favorite before they decided to put it on the menu. Beware b/c it's one of those creeper drinks.dear god in heaven this place is unreal. 
Last night I had one of the greatest meals of my life here.
Why was it so amazing you ask?
Was it the 2 glasses of Macallan 18 I had before the meal?
Was it the Kobe beef sliders or the scallops wrapped in bacon on top of fried green tomato?
Could it have been the truffled mac and cheese with bacon or the truffled mashed potatoes?
Possibly the 4 bottles of wine from the amazing (but way over priced - $80 for a $15 bottle) wine list?
I'm thinking it could have been the 24oz dry aged porterhouse with lump crab meat on top?
Maybe it was the nueske bacon aka crack on a plate or the potato nachos.
Possibly could have been the 28 day dry aged NY strip I tasted...or one of multiple insane deserts.
No. Wait!
It was not having to pay for any of it - god bless expense accounts!
My meal here was by far one of the best meals I have ever had. The steaks were beyond perfection. everything was cooked perfectly and the service was amazing. 
This is definitely a special occasion place unless you are Juwan Howard from the Blazers who was sitting next to us.Pros:  
- Food.  The food is absolutely fantastic.  What more can I say.  Perfect steaks.  
- Service.  The service is almost overly attentive.
- Decor - I love the "library" look.
Cons:  
-  Price.  Offensively expensive and overpriced.
Pretentious.  I really hate pretentious places.  For some folks, it's a draw.  I despise it.
-  Restrooms.  Come on - is there really any reason for unisex restrooms?  It's Philadelphia, not Soho in Manhattan.
-  Decor.  The bench seating blows.
Overall, the pros outweigh the cons.  Hands down, the best food I've ever eaten in Philadelphia.Been here twice and they've yet to disappoint. Food is good and service is friendly and efficient. Get the tomahawk steak - it's off menu and a tad pricey but daayyuummm is it good!This place was A+ from the service to the food and the drinks!!!!  We were in Philly for the Made in America concert and a friends bday.  So of course a bday dinner must be everything....and this place was EVERYTHING!!!
From the front door greeting and the great wait staff I felt very relaxed and it did not feel stuffy.  The total upscale experience but with a very relaxing and calming atmosphere...as you can see I thought I was in phatt girl heaven!!
Honestly the food was cooked to perfection and exactly what was order not a single issue with anyone's plate.  My steak was delicious, tender and full of flavor very satisfied with my all meal.
If I am ever in center city I will definitely be back!!Food was good, service was great, what else can you ask for? I ordered crab cake and it was delicious. Mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and bread was delicious. I would recommend this place.Barclay Prime, wow. 
Took my bf here for his birthday, it was delicious and beautiful from the start! We started with martinis, yum. The service was fabulous as well.
We then got taken to our table. We started with the Yellowtail Hamachi and scallops, both were so delicious. Next we each had a salad which was cold and perfect. The popovers, holy wow. That's really all I can say about them, they were also served with salted butter which was a perfect compliment.
The most fun part about Barclay Prime is choosing which knife you want to use with your steak. You feel very special and like a VIP being presented with beautiful options. I had the filet which was perfect. Ended the night with complimentary sweets for the bf's birthday which was super nice.
Can't wait to go back here!Second time at Barclay Prime and service and food were excellent again.  Scallop appetizer was very good as was tuna tartar. Steaks were all cooked perfectly and entire table said was one of the best they ever had.  And letting you pick your own steak knife from their excellent selection is a very nice touch.  Sides and everything else were good and service was excellent.  I routinely go to steak places around the country and this is one of my favorites.We are on a mission to find the best steak in Philly and had to try out Barclay since it is so well reviewed. While it definitely is a great place to have dinner, they did not quite make it to the top.
While this in no way affects the number of stars, we did have the absurd experience of sitting two feet from a very loud, obnoxious man and his much quieter friend. Despite the dining room having dozens of empty tables for two, we were seated next to this blustery fellow and did not have the audacity to request another table. (While I understand when the dining room is mostly empty restaurants put people together, this was way too close for comfort. No one else in the room was seated so close to another table.) This only got worse because his server would match his volume when he came over. At some point during the evening, the man grabbed the pepper grinder from the server to put on his steak and then insisted the grinder be left on the table. We did have a good laugh over this on the way home, so maybe it was dinner plus a show?
Their decor is lovely - a great mix and comfortable and classy. We had plenty of time to scrutinize because we were both trying to keep our ears away from rants about politics, co-workers, and company policies.
The wine list is extensive but we were not in the mood for an entire bottle and were not offered much advice on the glass list. I selected a Bordeaux that was thin and flavorless and my date selected a scotch drink that was unique and flavorful.
We took the server's advice and split the hamachi crudo. It was wonderful to have something light before steaks (much better than a bisque or heavy salad dressings) and this did not disappoint. The combination of flavors and textures was a perfect way to start a meal.
The steaks were fine, but not in our top five. Definitely get sides - the mushrooms are delicious and the tater tots are quite good.
Due to our jabbering neighbor, we declined dessert and after dinner drinks. At this point I think the server may have caught on and brought us the bill very promptly. She was very gracious and did a great job with pacing our drinks, apps, and main courses.
Overall it is a good restaurant and I would like to go back to try the bisque and a drink at some point. I may pack earplugs though :)I came here over the holidays with my friend who had flown in from LA - we're both ridiculous eaters, so we were psyched.
I chose Barclay Prime after seeing how highly it was rated by Philadelphia Magazine among the other steakhouses in Philly. Again, I've had decent experiences with Starr restaurants so far, so I was looking forward to it.
It was surprisingly empty for a Sunday night (maybe everyone was still recovering from their New Year's revelry - we went the night before work/class resumed) so there was no way the service could have been more prompt. The interior was pretty neat and intimate for a large space; we were seated in a booth near the wall (lined with books). The chairs did roll about a little uncontrollably, though. 
Our servers were nice, funny, engaging and knowledgeable. We ordered raw oysters as an appetizer. I think it was only my second time eating raw oysters so I'm definitely not an expert, but they tasted pretty good. I'm not quite sure how to critique them.
My friend and I split the 20oz ribeye because we ourselves had just come back from NY for the holiday fun. They were pretty accommodating with splitting the steak into two pieces. We also went with the truffled mash as a side - the serving was huge. The best part was when our server came with a selection of knives. What the hell would we know about knives? They cut, we eat. We weren't at all particular, although I'm sure some steak connoisseur out there would definitely appreciate having all those options. 
The steak was delicious - totally melted in my mouth. The truffled mash was also delicious. I've eaten at a number of well-reputed steakhouses and Barclay is up there. The steak was seasoned so well and cooked just right (we asked for medium rare).
We got the creme brulee for dessert because we are seriously two fat girls trapped in skinny bodies. It was good.
A little pricey, but worth it.Barclay Prime is a treat. Wow, what can I say? This place is one of the best steakhouses I've ever been to. Never have I experienced anything like this. I made reservations and was seated promptly. They did seat me at this low table with two huge lounge chairs. The chair kind of swallowed me and it was a little hard for me to sit back because if I did I would be basically lying down, haha but on with the food. The lightings were dimmed and the atmosphere was sophisticated and romantic. I forgot my waiter's name but he was great. He was very knowledgable, made great recommendations, and made my first experience comfortable. I started off with the tuna tartare, GREAT, the tuna was soft, perfectly seasoned, just delicious. I skipped soup/salad and went straight for the steak. I had the australian wagyu filet, holy god it was amazing! The great thing is they let me choose my own knife! How great and special is that? The steak itself was sooooo good, just unbelievably easy to cut with my specially nifty japanese knife, the steak melted in my mouth, THE BEST STEAK I'VE EVER HAD, period the end. I ordered a couple sides that i can't recall at the moment because all i can remember is that delicious steak. But this is the place you'd want to go for fine dining steakhouse. Do it, you won't regret it I promise.3 words: KOBE BEEF SLIDERS
i went here for a pre-dinner snack. i had my eye set on the prize. the kobe beef sliders. 2 for $15. pricey but worth every last penny. the sliders come out on this funky little plate that holds the two of them perfectly. one in each cup-like slot. my bf and i split them. one a piece. the slider was like the most perfect burger i've ever had. just in miniature form. it was this toasted bun with kobe beef (medium-rare), gruyere cheese, and carmelized onions. that's it! but OH MY WORD, it was so good. i ate a TON of food while in philly but this dish was by far my favorite. it just blew me away. i know it sounds ridiculous to fawn over a miniature burger, but you can't knock it til you try it. it's hands down, THE BEST!
as for decor. at first i thought it was a bit too stiff for my liking. not as funky and fun as some of the other starr restaurants. but then i took a closer look and realized the brilliance of it all. when you first step in it looks very swank and pricey. lots of dark wood and such. but then you start noticing all the greenish-hued accents. the green chairs. and the green menus. and then you notice the library feel with all the shelves of books around you. and then you realize that this is one hip, swank, spot. the chandeliers are a nice touch as well. i have to say i was quite impressed. 
two very enthusiastic thumbs up and 5 brilliant stars!Pros: The steak and wine were excellent. Our table ordered the 8 oz filet mignon, 20 oz ny strip, and 18 oz prime ribeye and we were all very satisfied with our orders. I had a bite of the other steaks but personally liked my ny strip the best. Very cool that we get to pick our own knives. Seasonal cheesecake was divine too!
Cons: For a high-end restaurant, our waiter was minimally friendly, not very attentive and the unisex bathroom was dirty. I noticed several men enter the lady's stall without seeing the "L" and "M" on each door.There's nothing bad to say about this restaurant! Everything was delicious!
The dining room was beautiful, and very intimate. We came to Philadelphia after our wedding for a short honeymoon while we saved for our big honeymoon. My husband loves steak, so we knew we had to incorporate a fancy steak dinner into our "mini-moon." Based on Yelp reviews and our family's recommendations, we chose Barclay Prime. We had a small table off to the side of the dining room, and even though it was a Tuesday night it got very busy! 
Our server (unfortunately I don't remember his name) was great. Very attentive without being overbearing, and was more than happy to explain the menu and make recommendations since it was our first time being there. Every little touch was appreciated - even their practice of letting you pick your own steak knife. We had no idea what we were doing or how to select which knife we wanted, but it was fun!
Now on to the food! We shared the gnocchi appetizer, which I honestly could have eaten as an entree it was so delicious. I got the 8 oz filet, and my husband decided to splurge and get the 10 oz wagyu ny strip. My steak was very good, the best filet I've had. His wagyu was out of this world! So tender, it almost melts in your mouth. Definitely worth it since we had never tried wagyu! We shared the tater tots as a side, which were underwhelming. The server said they were delicious and made in house, but honestly they just tasted like regular old tater tots. 
For dessert we shared the cheesecake, which was our server's recommendation and was delicious.My husband also got a latte. Everything was incredible. Highly highly recommend!
Random fact - the bathroom is gender neutral. I knew that from reading reviews, but it helps to know ahead of time!I was here back to April for my birthday, love every dishes we order kobe beef ,oyster, chili seabass, foie gras, caviar ect My best birthday dinner ever!Ambiance and decor were divine. From the soft lighting, to the jade green velvet armchairs and pillows, to the marble tabletops, to the chandeliers, to the tiny gold lamps on every table. Very modern lux and chic! An assortment of knifeware was presented before our entrees and each diner chose his or her preference. Great touch. 
Background music was perfectly mellow. The restaurant wasn't packed or too noisy. Food was superb and timed very well. Special cooking instructions and dietary restrictions were followed perfectly. 
Our waiter, Matt, was knowledgeable, friendly, and had a great sense of humor. He made the experience all the more enjoyable. 
Overall, our group of 4 had a wonderful visit. We will certainly be back.One of the finest places I have eaten in Philadelphia!
-The ambience is classy and upscale
-I enjoy sitting at the bar, a great view and having a knowledgeable bartender around is always a plus!
-My friend all enjoyed the steaks, while as a vegetarian the chef was able to make a special dish on short notice!
-The sides are fantastic as is the happy hour as well, the bartender really takes pride in making the drink!
-I can't recommend Barclay enough, you won't regret the experience!WOW!!!! From beginning to end, this was a sensational dining experience! Let me start by saying the bread they will bring you is OUT OF THIS WORLD. I want to come back for the bread alone. We moved onto our appetizers with crab cakes that were full of fresh crab and the lobster bisque which was creamy and full of chunks of lobster. I don't usually eat red meat so I ordered the sea bass. It was perfection! The sauce on the fish was incredible. My husband had the filet mignon and I've never tasted a more tender, delicious piece of red meat. We had the fried artichokes and creamed spinach which were nice sides. We had no room for dessert but they still brought us some chocolate fudge at the end. I wish I could give more stars. This is an exceptional dining establishment!Tl;Dr: this place is amazing. Only 4 stars instead of 5 because I didn't like my appetizers. Steaks are very flavorful and tender. Truffle mac and cheese is the best appetizer. Consider splitting a bottle of wine. If you're investing a ton of money to eat here do your research! Look up the menu and read reviews to pick what you want to eat. This isn't your everyday meal! 
Took my girlfriend out to dinner here for our anniversary and the atmosphere is so romantic. Warm feeling, dim lights, beautiful ambience. It's like you're eating in the study of a mansion. The wait staff is very kind, upbeat and happy to answer questions.
We ordered cocktails to start off, I had the ryes and shine (thought it was weirdly served in a martini glass), which had a nice coffee flavor to it.
For appetizers we got the waygu sliders, but I don't think there was any wagyu in it, just faux Kobe beef. I would recommend getting a seafood appetizer (they looked good but my lady doe not enjoy seafood) 
We ordered the 28 day aged ribeye and porterhouse respectively. They were medium rare and cooked to perfection. When you order a steak you get to choose between a set of 6 different very sharp steak knifes (two of the Japanese ones are worth $200 for a set of 4!) so that was a very cool perk I've never seen at a steakhouse before. In addition to the steak we got the roquefort and homemade steak sauces. The roquefort was a but too strong for my liking, but the steak sauce was a fantastic mild bbq flavor. 
Our sides were tater tots which were just average and the truffle Mac and cheese which is just to die for. Truffles are a very powerful flavor agent and they really brought out the umami in the dish to a whole new level. 
For dessert we ordered the smores which was heavenly, although not too much different from a molten lava cake, the graham cracker ice cream really put it over the edge. 
I would definitely recommend going again, the only reason I'm not giving a 4 is because there were a couple dishes I ordered that I did not like (waygu sliders and tater tots). I will have to go again but it's definitely out of my price range and only good for special occasions. Maybe in the future I'll come back and order the $100 waygu steak!The food and ambiance at this restaurant is wonderful. I took my fiance there for his birthday and the service was excellent. Perfectly prepared steak and the sides were amazing as well. It's a great place for a special occasion; we had a blast and had plenty of time to relax and enjoy. This is hands down one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.My husband and I celebrated our 1 year wedding anniversary here. We knew it was going to be expensive (ended up being $300 including tip) but we thought "why not? It's our first anniversary!" and went for it. Well, we were right about the price but my god, was it worth it. We have both always wanted to try waygu beef so we got the 8 oz waygu filet with truffle mac and cheese, whipped potatoes and the cream spinach. Before getting into the review of the food itself, I just want to mention how amazing the service is- my husband had a question comparing 2 of the steaks and instead of just explaining it to him, the waitress brought out 3 steaks to SHOW him the difference. Also, before your steak comes out, they bring about 6 different steak knives out, explain each one and let you pick your "weapon". Okay, back to the food. They first bring you cheese popovers with salted butter that I didn't want to stop eating. But I had to because of, well, steak. We had really high expectations for waygu but it exceeded all of them. Every time my husband took a bite, he would legit giggle a little because of how good it was. It came out perfectly cooked and buttery. The creamed spinach was the best I ever had, and the whipped potatoes were up there as well. The mac and cheese was on a whole different level- not too much truffle but just enough for fantastic flavor. The sides are big enough to share and we ended up taking leftovers of all 3 home. The only thing that didn't live up to everything else was the dessert. We ordered the cookie sundae which was good but not wonderful. They also surprised us and brought us out a mini dessert since it was our anniversary which was fantastic. Oh, and then instead of giving you mints with your check, they give you 2 chocolate salted caramels which were amazing. We have talked about this dinner every day since going...that is how good it is. So if you want a real treat for a special occasion, this is your place.So considering I don't eat red meat, I would still give this place 5 stars. Unlike a few other places in the city, the fancy atmosphere and high prices actually match the quality of the food and service. This is a the perfect place for business dinners or super fancy dates. The décor is awesome, it is semi modern but also has a great steakhouse vibe, with a touch of cozy comfort. The service was also impressive very professional, and friendly. I really liked my lobster bisque and the sole was fantastic. Cooked perfectly with amazing multiple flavors. Also, all of the slides were great (mac and cheese, veggies, etc.) so come hungry! Finally, the dessert was excellent, I really loved the raspberry layer cake/tart, chocolate layer mousse with brownie layer and of course the deep dish chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. Definitely recommend trying this place out!
PS. Never seen this before, but for steak lovers, they will ask you to pick from a selection of knives (German, Japanese, etc.). Fancy!Popovers! Get them! This is their bread. SOOO delicious and airy. I tried to take one home for the wife to try since it was a guys night, but I ended up leaving it by accident. My steak was definitely yummy and cooked just right. Besides the sprouts, the sides were nothing to write home about. The shared lobster we got for the table was just alright as well. The lobster bisque was good but not for what you pay for it. Get ready to spend a nice penny and definitely make a reservation! Drinks are pricey as well, but it is Rittenhouse, so you have to expect it. Definitely better than some of the other high-end steak establishments. I would go back for the popovers and steak for sure. The rest they can keep.While I never imagined I'd rate a Stephen Starr restaurant the best when it comes to food, Barclay Prime is my top choice for a high-end steakhouse in Philly.
The upscale boutique steakhouse is situated within a chic library/den setting...a library with luxe marble tables and gorgeous leather chairs. The service is impeccable...polite, knowledgeable, and consistent. The selection of steak knives they provide is a nice touch, especially for those who really love steak and the nuances of the various cuts of meat. Fun fact for steak connoisseurs, Barclay Prime gets their Ribeye from the same butcher where Peter Luger (in New York) gets their cuts.
The Kobe Sliders are definitely one of the best appetizers ever..anywhere..so be sure to get them. (We once went for JUST sliders and drinks which is a nice option when you're in-between meals or wanting smaller portions.) Also, the homemade hush puppies are nice update to the ones I remember from growing up. The Porterhouse is supposedly the way to go steak-wise, which is what my husband gets every time. I stick to the filet mignon - both of which are amazing.
Final thoughts...
If you're in the mood for steak and have some cash to spend on a nice dinner, run don't walk. Begin with the Kobe sliders to start the night just right.I'm working my way through the Forbes List Top 20 Steakhouses and while some restaurants on the list disappoint Barclay's did not. The ambiance, service and food quality all exceeded my expectations. Barclay Prime easily makes it into my Top 5.
1)  Prime 112
2)  Pappas Bros.
3)  Peter Luger
4)  Barclay Prime
5)  Gibsons
6)  St. Elmo
7)  House of Prime
8)  Carnevino
9)  Killen's
10) Dickie Brennan's - no dry aged steaks wtf!
Weights
Food - 50%
Service - 30%
Ambiance - 20% 
Technically not a steakhouse, House of Prime, was included in the Forbes List.Cool decor. Sunken, dark library motif. Great funky music. Comfy chairs. Service a tad slow with only 3 tables occupied @ 9:45 on a Sunday night. Appetizers good not great. Steaks had outstanding flavor but were underdone. Potatoes au gratin great. Creamed spinach just okay. Desserts very good. Verdict - typical steakhouse in really cool setting. Smiley face (steak only)We had a fantastic dinner there the other evening. We shared the truffle mac and cheese and filet with the bone in.  The service was perfect as usual. Barclay Prime is one of my most favorite restaurants. If you're looking for an upscale restaurant this is the place for you.Of all the steak restaurants in Philadelphia I firmly believe that Barclay Prime is the crème de la crème. 
I've come here several times in the last few years (and they remember this) and always had impeccable service, perfectly prepared food and a wonderful experience. Every person who comes to the table, from the person who brings the popovers to the main waiter, supporting waitstaff and hosts provide exemplary service. Attentive, solicitous but never intrusive or bothersome. That lays the foundation for the incredible meal... and it's always been incredible. Steaks are prepared to perfectly to your specification; sides are delicious and perfect for sharing. The appetizers are delicious. Wine list is extensive and if you need help the sommelier or waiter is happy to recommend options. Desserts have provided the perfect ending to the meal. I could continue to wax poetic about how lovely it is here but you have to  experience it for yourself.It does not get any better than this.  We had a going away dinner for one of our co-workers and everyone was blown away with te food and service!Barclay executes the deep leather banquette, high ceilinged, plush but hiply decored steakhouse concept perfectly well. Prices are on par with other local steakhouses, chain or not. Our steaks were cooked perfectly to order, and sides look wimpy but involve a lot A LOT of delicious delicious butter. Steak knife options include Globals.
(I believe it is wheelchair accessible with big wide aisles- I don't recall any steps at the door.)Quite the yummy experience.
I had the filet mignon and it was the best piece of meat I've ever had.
The service was great and my partner and I really enjoyed the drinks and the atmosphere.I went there for dinner last night with my college room roommates who were in town and I had not scene them in years. Given they were visiting Philadelphia and I was hosting it was up to me to make the arrangements. I had heard great things but this was my first time here and it was all that. From a gracious hostess to comfy seating, excellent service and incredible food it exceeded expectations. Probably the best 12 OZ medium rare Filet I have ever had in my life. We are still talking about the meal this morning.An amazing steak joint! I could not complain at all about this place. Love the huge popovers that come out before the meal and if you dip it in the lobster bisque you will be in flavor bliss. The filet was so tender and melted like butter. If you are not into red meat then go for the roasted chicken in a pot as an option. You will not envy the meat eaters with this chicken dish. All the appetizer's were great and you can do no wrong with any of them. The price is high depending on the cuts and types of meat but you will get what you pay for and you wont be disappointed. Barclay Prime is truly a fine meal in Philly.The food is great but one thing bothered me ,how can a steakhouse actually charge $3 for a little cup of steak sauce ,I never in my life ever heard of that , it just makes them look very petty for the prices they charge ..Barclay is not only a steakhouse, it's an experience. I used to frequent there a few years back and always had impeccable service and amazing food. If you don't mind spending a few bucks, this is the place to go. 
Last night I was craving shrimp and walked to barclay on a whim. I sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly, knowledgeable and welcoming. He poured me a delicious glass of cab while I waited for my shrimp. After the shrimp I was still hungry so he suggested I get the 12oz bone in BEST. DECISION. EVER. I've been there many times and this cut was simply delicious... so thank you Barclay for not only providing amazing service and incredible food m, but for hiring people that are a joy to be around.Happy Hour was the best!!   Several options for drinks/beer/wine for $6 and many options for small plates also $6.  Tough to beat.   Will definitely return.Dined here on a Thursday evening around 7pm. We had a reservation booked ahead of time so we did not have to wait. The ambiance is great, as my guests put it, the decor reminds them of Mad Men. 
Food was delicious. Ordered the lobster bisque soup first, which is perfect with the cheese popover complimentary to all guests. The lobster chunks were delicious. On to the steak, ordered the 12 oz prime filet mignon medium. Cooked to perfection with exceptional flavor. The quality of their beef is top notch, probably the best in Philadelphia. Our table ordered a bunch of sides including the artichokes, broccoli, mash potatoes, truffle mac and cheese. All were delish, I just was in awe over the steak so I didn't take note of my favourite side. Finished off with raspberry sorbet which was light and delicious after a large meal.
Service - our waiter carefully explained the entire menu and offered suggestions for splitting appetizers and sides since we had a large party. 
The menu is pricey, but it's worth it if you can afford. The next time I'm here I'd definitely like to try the wagyu beef!Excellent service, great food.  I took my boyfriend there on his birthday, everyone was very accommodating.  True it's a splurge, but one that's worth it!!!  Only thing, I found the co-ed bathroom style a bit weird.  However I will be back!!I've been wanting to come here for a while now, and boy was I disappointed. Don't get me wrong the food is good. However I've had better meals at Ruth's Chris for less money. I definitely expected to get a much steak then the one the served me. Maybe I'll give it another try.I went here one night last year and they were so nice to us. The food was great and getting to pick our own steak knives was fun. I am not a big steak eater but the place still worked great for me. After dinner - my (now) fiance asked me to marry him so it was a great dinner for a memorable night.First off, I didn't order the $100 Cheesesteak. My dinner companion did and couldn't finish it (which, as a former football player is saying something). Truffle Mac n Cheese, Tater Totes and a very nice filet. Excellent - truly excellent. 
On top of that, the bartender made 2 absolutely perfect cocktails for me. He made the drinks and brought them out each time himself and made sure I was happy with them before going back. 
Only downside - holy @#$@#$ is it expensive. 2 people, a few drinks and dinner and we were pushing $400. In NYC, Tokyo, London or Singapore I wouldn't blink (and I haven't), but in Philly it was a bit shocking. Still, looking back, it was totally worth it.
Wish I'd taken pictures but I was too busy enjoying myself.Medium rare American wagyu filet was good but not great, truffle mac cheese was delicious thoughBarclay is back.  This was my favorite for years, but when they lost their chef in 2012, the food quality and variety went to hell.  Now with some new changes in the kitchen, the quality is back making them the best in the city.
My usual order is the kobe sliders with the butter poached lobster.  The lobster is served with a butter lemon sauce, deshelled and requires no effort to enjoy.
The steaks here are cooked to perfection and the meal quality never disappoints.  For a steak house, the sides are a little on the small side, but still large enough to share with 1-2 people.  
The only complain is the salads.  The chopped is missing substance, a bit of friend goatcheese or grilled figs or a balsamic reduction drizzle would elevate it to the next level, as it's served, it feels like they fogot to put something on it.  The classic wedge pairs the jumbo lumpcrabmeat with the blue cheese, which in my opinion makes the crab take on a slightly fishy taste, not the best use of crab.  I'd rather see some thick smoked bacon or lardons on the side.
The rolls are amazing, everyone raves about them.  Dessert always has some great selections too.
The bar is a pretty good option for eating at if you don't want to go into the dining room.  The service here is phenominal...when's the last time you were at a steak house that had 5 different steak knife selections!  
Perfect for a romantic date, or to impress a business contact.  I wish all of Starr's places delivered the whole restaurant experience this well!Quite possibly the best steakhouse I've ever been to (and my family and I are big carnivores). Phenomenal steak, service and atmosphere. This will forever be my spot for special occasions.Came here for my Birthday and man the food was great . She had the lobster appetizer and the $120 cheese steak and I had the lobster . Had to be the best lobster I had in years and I eat out a lot . I must say the cheesesteak was worth every penny the only thing I didn't like is they made me check my leather jacket but when I got inside I saw other people with coats on the back of their chairs , but beside that this place gets two thumbs up !Oh goodness how fantastic is this place?!?!
The boyfriend surprised me and had an extended celebration for our 6 year anniversary. After all, that's a bit of an accomplishment. I was overwhelmed by the menu because everything sounded delicious and I wanted to eat everything! I've never had dry aged beef, but I'm glad my first time was here. It was succulent, delicious, perfectly cooked and.. just plain out amazing. 
The service was attentive and amazing as well as the interesting show of knives. I used the knife designed by Porche to eat my steak :) my boyfriend picked the Japanese knife that was designed like a mini samurai sword.
The decor is absolutely beautiful and the entire staff was ridiculously good looking. They must be labeled "models who serve food" Anyway, they gave us a complimentary slice of chocolate cake and wrote Happy Anniversary on it complete with a candle. 
We plan on returning.The first time I realized I was rich was Dinner at Barclay Prime. I'm not kidding. We went on a double date anniversary splurge walked in without reservations and spent a grand without blinking. Insane, but we'll never forget it. Flawless service from beginning to end. Again, you should always let the staff know why you're there! We had every appetizer and paired it with 3 wines that made us feel in heaven. If you want to really have a good time order steak. Order things you won't make at home. Mac & Cheese? Okay it was amazing, but if you balk at the prices - you'll resent it forever. Let go and just enjoy the fact that Barclay has been doing it right forever and will continue to be a Rittenhouse staple. I'm making it a point to make an annual pilgrimage home to Philly AND Barclay Prime now. This is the kind of place you take someone you need to impress. And you will. *Wink*Next to Gibson's in Chicago, one of my all time favorite steak houses.  Most of the ingredients are local and extremely fresh.  I recommend the bone in filet if you're going for steak, but the seafood choices are equally as good.  The menu is seasonal and many of the sides/appetizers change regularly.  The dinner rolls are dreamy and resemble a huge Yorkshire pudding. The service is outstanding.Plain and simple - Barclay Prime is the best restaurant in Philadelphia. Their service is exactly what you would expect from a five star restaurant and the quality of food is unmatched, plus what other restaurant allows you to select your own unique steak knife. I've eaten at gourmet restaurants across the country and throughout Europe - I can easily say that Barclay Prime's Wagyu Filet is the best piece of steak I've ever had. Just make sure you don't fill up on the bread turnovers (it's hard not to).Perfectly cooked steaks and impeccable service. Went for my husband's birthday dinner around the holidays and everything from the cocktails, wine/champs, oysters, lobster bisque, both Satsuma and American wagyu steaks, potato and asparagus sides and peppermint creme brûlée special was delicious. Not the steakhouse type but this is the exception. Love the top notch restaurants in philly - putting this up there with Vetri.This place could have easily gotten 5 stars from me ( and would have if I reviewed them after my past visits). I specifically come here about once a year or so and look forward to ordering literally the BEST steak I have ever had: the Kobe filet mignon. (& worth every penny)
During my recent visit they were out of many of the menu items that we wanted to order:
- the pork belly app
- my beloved Kobe filet
- sautéed porcini mushrooms
- bone in filet ( I snatched the last one, so my husband who also ordered one was out of luck)
Needless to say, even with some of our first picks unavailable we still had an excellent meal. 
The lobster bisque and beet salad were solid starters.
The ribeye was cooked perfectly and was delicious despite the fact that it was aggressively seasoned.
The bone in filet, again cooked perfectly and was delicious, but it was a bit fatty. I kind of felt like I must have gotten the last one...
The whipped potatoes were good but nothing compared with the spaetzle. They sautéed the spaetzle with garlic and morel mushrooms. It's the best side I have every had from Barclay Prime. ( the menu has changed a little since last we visited)
All in all a solid performance from one of the ( if not THE) best steakhouses in the city, just a little disappointing that they were out of so many menu items.Barclay Prime is by far one of the greatest restaurants Philly has to offer. The food is amazing - best steak I have ever had - and the service is impeccable. I've eaten here several times now and the quality of the food and service is consistent and you will always have an amazing time. Try to save room for dessert - they are delicious!!!Barclay Prime is far superior to any other steak house I have visited, and I've been through a few on the east coast. Not only is the food exceptional, but the service is far superior to what I have experienced before. I will be visiting again very soon.My husband and I have been coming here for years.  We love this place.  It is not only our favorite restaurant in the city but one of our favorite restaurants of all time.  If you appreciate a good steak and excellent service, BP is where you need to go.  Don't leave without having the deep dish cookie for dessert.  We plan on returning as often as possible.  Our server this last time was Glen.  We will ask for him the next time we go.Birthday dinner!  
We ordered: 
Tuna Tartare: Amazing!  Really... melt in your mouth good.  Suggestion: Add something with a crunch for a bit of contrast
Hamachi Crudo: I have no suggestions for this.  It was perfect.  Light and amazing and flavorful.  
Bone-in filet: It was ok.  I go to a steak place expecting to be wowed, I was less than wowed.  The whole thing was luke warm instead of having a "cool center" as it should (medium rare) and it lacked flavor.  
Dry aged NY strip: Boyfriend really enjoyed this, I tried it and the flavor was great but it was a little chewy.  
Vanilla Cheesecake: Good, it was cheesecake... they did write happy birthday in chocolate on the plate which was really cute.  
They give you popovers at the start and will give you as many as you want, they are great, but I suggest they serve them warm (or hot!) so the butter gets all melty.  The butter was also great, perfectly spreadable and I really liked the salt on top.  
Choosing your own steak knife seems gimicky to me, but I'm not a knife expert so its basically an eenie-meenie-miney-moe/which one is prettiest game.  
The room/ambiance is great but it was fairly empty and they seated a rather loud group right behind our table which was surprisingly annoying for us (there was one guy who had to tell everyone how much he knew about wine/steak/fish/[insert other random thing] and had to tell them loudly).  I really ruined the intimate feel of our table by the wall.  
Our service started out eh but took a turn for the better when someone else inadvertently took over our table when we were ready to place our drink orders.  I got the Barclay Bellini which was great and boyfriend got the ginger soda.  
The appetizers were definitely the stars of the evening and it seemed to go downhill from there.  I may go back, but not for steak.Came here for my birthday dinner with my wife. The atmosphere is great.  Very relaxed but still formal. The service was really great. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. I got an old fashioned which was very good. We started off with the Alaskan king crab legs and lobster bisque. I got the wagyu ribeye and my wife got the butter poached lobster. I ended up eating the rest of my wife's lobster too as she couldn't eat it all. Both were incredibly delicious. They also have bread which was delicious. All in all we would definitely come back next time we are in the area.If you're looking to impress a date, celebrate an occasion, or have a really fancy dining experience, Barclay Prime will not disappoint. Dining Partner and I have been here twice now and it's most definitely a treat. Everything is upscale (but not uncomfortably so) even the table bread is divine. It's light, fluffy, and buttery similar to Davio's. I could eat an entire meal of it. 
On our most recent visit for appetizers we split 6 oysters, three from the east and three from the west. We also had the crabcakes, which were so unnecessary but oh so good. I had the 8 oz filet as my entree. It was cooked to perfection. You even get to choose what type of steak knife you'd like to use. On our latest visit I tried the Japanese knife, because why not? We enjoyed sides of whipped potatoes and shoestring onions. The onions were so salty they were pretty much inedible. But that was the only let down of the evening. The real showstopper of the night was our dessert, a slice of corn cheesecake. This is not our typical dessert choice, but it sounded different enough. And it had the smoothness of a cheesecake with a sweet corn after taste. Did I mention it was covered in a blueberry sauce. So good!
Make sure to go later in the evening in the summer months because the ambiance is better in the dark.I just want to say THANK YOU to the person who recommended this place to me. While I didn't get a steak, the Jumbo Crab Cake I got was delicious. I tasted little if any filler, which is a big big plus! The table shared Asparagus Spears and Truffle Whipped Potatoes. The Whipped Potatoes were heavenly. If I could eat those every day, I would be one happy girl. 
While my wallet won't necessarily enjoy it, I will definitely be going back next time I am in Philly!What did I just spend $250 dollars on? The overall meal and service was good but definitely not worth the price. The apps and sides were good but the steaks tasted like something I could have bought at Costco.I almost had a heart attack when my friend demanded I take her here for her 30th birthday, ordered the 85 dollar steak, and then when I got the bill.  I don't think I've ever spent so much money on a dinner before, let alone a birthday dinner.  But grumbling aside, the food really was amazing...the tuna tartare, the kobe beef sliders, the 24oz dry aged porterhouse were all fantastic.  I did not however find the 16 oz mashima steak to be worth the 85 dollar price tag...and I much preferred my 58 dollar porterhouse.  
The ambiance was class and elegant and pretty much aligned with what you'd expect from a place with 5 dollar signs.  My favorite part of the meal was when we got to pick our "weapon of choice" for our steak.  The server came over with a box of different steak knives and explained the advantages of each one amd was pretty patient when I wanted to try each one out.  I would defintiely go back here for a special occasion and although I'm still intrigued by the 100 dollar steak with a 1/2 bottle of champagne, I just don't know if I could justify that.  Although I hear the chef has just left Barclay to head to Butcher and Singer so I may give that a shot next time.Can't believe the overall rating is only 4 stars.  This place is top notch.  The service is excellent, the food is terrific.  The only downside is the price, but that is the cost of excellence.  
Our party had both the sliders and the raw seafood spreads to start off with.  There was a generous portion of crab in the tray.  The sprimp and oysters were also good.
For entrees, I had a dry aged ribeye for an entree.  We also had lobster to share for the table   
Overall it was a great night.  You can't go wrong here.One of my favorite steakhouses on the east coast. Great service and atmosphere.As another reviewer wrote, I don't usually eat places this nice (or this expensive).  So my visit to Barclay Prime was a nice treat.  We requested a specific server - Jason - after having him as our server at the Starr/Talula's Table Pop-Up a couple weeks ago.  He is ridiculously helpful and courteous and he *really* knows what he's talking about both food and wine-wise.  And he's cute.  
We were a party of 5 - shared a bunch of apps -  bacon and scallops on top of a fried green tomato, kobe tartare (amazing), and tuna tartare (not as good as the beef, but still delicious).
I had the dry aged NY strip ($48! oy), medium rare, with some lobster on top.  You can skip the lobster for the paltry amount you get.  The steak was so buttery and melty and delicious.  Most of us had this steak  and everyone was happy.
For our sides, we had tater tots (I think Jason described them as golden pillows of deliciousness, and that's what they were), sauteed mushrooms (omg I don't even want to know how much butter they use to make these so delicious), creamed spinach (perfect amount of creaminess), and the truffle mac and cheese (which I would have inhaled if I didn't have this ridiculous steak in front of me).
We actually had room for dessert - the warm deep dish cookie thing with ice cream on top was out of this world.
Glad I wasn't paying. :)Love love love this place!! Dined with them last night for the first time and if I lived in Philly I'd be a regular. The service is spectacular from the hostess to our waiter Matthew. Enjoyed every second- the ambience is cozy the Branzino and bone in filet were the perfect temp, perfect season and the sides were just as good.  Any time I am back in Philly this will be my regular visit. Thanks for a wonderful eveningThe best steak I've ever had and best tater tots. Definitely going to go back someday!Can I say that this was a dream come true? Absolutely the best experience ever. Stephen Starr really outdid himself with this restaurant.
We went as a a party of 6, & had the opportunity to sit in the lounge area. It probably wasn't such a good idea that we were all starving when we started to order. For appetizers, we ordered the tuna tartar, truffle mac & cheese, tater tots, lobster bisque, the nueske bacon & scallops & the east/west oysters. All of the appetizers were absolutely amazing but the stand out star was definitely the bacon & scallops on top of fried green tomatoes. Never have I had a fried green tomato but I will definitely try them again! They were delicious, almost candied & tasted like yams.
For the entrées, we ordered the filet, the ribeye, the kobe beef special, the wild king salmon, & for sides we ordered sauteed mushrooms, creamed spinach, truffle mashed potatoes, asparagus & potato gratin. Hands down the best creamed spinach I have ever eaten. A few cocktails were ordered: the dark & stormy & the Venetian fizz & the whole table shared a bottle of German Riesling. 
Dessert had to be the best part. The chocolate chip creme brulee was out of this world delicious. & as asked, they had written happy anniversary on my creme brulee. The service was amazing. Attentive & helpful with the menu. My only gripe was that one of our food runners was new, & when I had asked him to pack our leftovers, he packed the sides I didn't want & threw away the ones I had wanted! 
To cap of the amazing night, our server presented us with small silver boxes filled with 1 caramel filled chocolate & 1 raspberry gelee. This restaurant was the best that I have been to in Philly & I will definitely return!I have been to Barclay Prime twice and on both occasions my experience was excellent from start to finish. The hostess promptly seated us and the waiter was attentive. The decor is unique - I wouldn't describe it as romantic but it is a nice, quiet and cozy atmosphere. It would be an excellent place to bring clients or business associates. The food is amazing - and I am a pescotarian so I haven't even had the steak. During one visit the table next to ours wasn't eating their rolls and I almost grabbed them off the table - and the butter - I don't know how they make the butter so delicious but they do. Although it is known for its steaks, Barclay has AMAZING sides - you must get the whipped potatoes, they are totally different than any other mashed potatoes I have tried. Delicious.Fantastic food and ambience, one of the better dining experiences that I have had in Philadelphia. Went here on a double date with a friend and our girlfriends and everyone was quite impressed. The seating is interesting, with one side of the table having a couch and the other side having leather chairs (as you would typically have in your living room or somewhere), it was a nice touch and creates a good amount of space between the tables so that you have a sense of privacy. Overall a great place and I would highly recommend it for a nice date or celebratory dinner... Also they had a $100 cheesetake on the menu, which I did not try but it was slightly tempting!So I booked this place one month out and was very excited about it. Figured its a good place to splurge for a wedding anniversary dinner based on the reviews. I have to say that I was expecting more. The core of the experience - the steak was underwhelming. The 28 day dry aged ribeye was bland. I could not taste any flavor and it was still very pink on the inside even though i requested very well done. The rack of lamb was good.
Here is why its a 2 star experience for me - We go there and had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. I did see a group that arrived 5 minutes after we arrived and got seated 5 minutes before us. The food took a while to come out and we had to pay for all our sides (which I find weird but that's not the main point). 
The waiter was helpful and did the best she could but based on my experience, I would not go back. I don't mind paying more for special occasions but it has to be worth it. This place is not for me.Hands down best filet (Tajima/Kobe) I have ever had. Better than Homestead NY, Craft Steak NY, Strip Steak Vegas, Bourbon Steak SF...and many others. Barclay Prime is a religion - one of many Philly gems.The waitress was friendly and did a really good service for us. Not only the service is good here, but also the appearance of the restaurant is impressive. It is not same as the normal restaurants, but it is more like a bar. The light was pretty dark but made us feel comfortable. A kind of soft music was played all the time. Actually, I thought it is romantic. There were 2 candles on each table. To be honest, this atmosphere made me feel peaceful.
  I chose a 24 Oz steak. There was  a steak with a leaf on the plate. This steak was bigger than my hand and there was a bone which is shaped as a letter "T" inside of the steak. I ordered a medium raw one. The skin of the steak was a little bit burnt but inside, it was almost raw. This is my favorite level. Before we started, a waiter came with a box, which had many knifes inside and asked us to choose. When I used my knife to cut it, the knife was slided among the meat. It was soft. It tasted fried at first, but when I chew it, I felt it was chewy. At the end, I could not finish it; it was too big. But I enjoyed itThe $120 cheesesteak might be a tourist attraction but it is a very tasty sandwich. Half bottle of champagne included. Sandwich itself is super rich with a healthy dose of foie gras, maybe a bit salty for some folks where I guess the champagne comes in...
Service was pretty slow all around from checking us in, seating, taking order, etc...
Compared to steakhouses in Seattle, Barclay Prime pricing is pretty average for food this good.The popovers. The sliders. The brussel sprouts. Outstanding! My main dish? Just okay. I didn't care, though, because everything else was so delicious. 
My only complaint is that the restaurant is way too dark. I needed to use my iPhone flashlight to read the menu, and the dim lighting made me sleepy.We were a family of three wanting to enjoy a special meal near Rittenhouse Square. Our meal at Barclay Prime was stellar from the minute we were courteously greeted to the extra popovers we took home! Unlike another reviewer, we found the low backed chairs to be very comfortable, romantic as well for my son & his bride, as they had a loveseat on their side. This place is impressive. My son had the lobster bisque, crabcakes for the table & filet mignon (best my son says he's ever had), Chilean sea bass & the dover sole, along with fried artichoke hearts & creamed spinach. We washed it down with an Argentinian Malbec & the Mondavi chardonnay. I would strongly recomend this restaurant for diners in the area wanting a high end meal. We will be back!Designed by India Mahdavi, the lounge, dining and rest rooms have the flair and coloration of a classic 1960's spy flick: dark wood tones, creams, blacks, and the occasional lime green for pop... the place felt relaxed but upscaled, and of course the food was great. More people should follow Stephen Starr's lead for destination dining... Afterall, taste is just as important as presentation. ;)4.5 Stars - absolutely no complaints about the food or drinks but the seating in the main dining area is so uncomfortable! I get the atmosphere they are trying to create but the green sofas are the worst :) 
We started off in the bar area with some happy hour cocktails & small bites. "The bluecoats are comin'' cocktail was delicious & you can never go wrong with tater totes & mushroom bruschetta. Noms. 
We started our main course off with tuna tartare, beef steak tartare & parisian gnocchi. The tuna & steak tartare was melt in your mouth amazing. The gnocchi was good but I've had better at a few Italian places in the city (obvi). 
The majority of the table had the 8oz filet which was cooked to perfection. I appreciated that the sauce was served on the side as well. Sides included asparagus, potato gratin, truffle mac & cheese & snap peas. All the sides were great but the snap peas were surprisingly my favorite. 
I'm usually not a sweets person & can end the meal with a cappuccino vs a chocolate dessert but the warm deep dish cookie was honestly heavenly. I want to eat one every single day it was that good. 
Overall a great experience, minus the uncomfy seating!Me and my husband came for our anniversary last night. 
Walking in, I wasn't really greeted. I was just stared at. I usually expect hostesses to greet me first but I had to say hi first. Kinda awkward.
We ordered the tuna tartare to start with. The chips tasted like homemade Lays original potato chips but 10xs better. The tuna itself was yummy. Melted in my mouth like butter. Recommend. 
We both had the filet mignon with sides of truffle Mac & cheese and sautéed mushrooms. The steak was made to perfection. I've never had a steak that good. Ever. The Mac and cheese could have been better. Sautéed mushrooms were delicious. 
Also, ordered an amazing bottle of wine that our waiter recommended for us. It was 2011 Lapostolle Casa from Rapel Valley. Delicious. 
The only downside in the night was when our waiter brought our anniversary "dessert," it came with a candle and 2 small chocolate star cookies. And then he said there was a cake in a box that he also handed us. I was confused because I thought it would've made more sense to give us the cake on the plate too with the candle? At that point I felt like, "well, maybe he's ready for us to go." 
Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Loved the food, wine, and environment.This place is great.  Very comfortable seats along with great service and even greater food.  The $100 cheesesteak is worth every penny.  Especially when you split it as an appetizer :)I just got back home from an amazing meal at Barcley Prime. The food was super delicious and the service was stellar. The vibe throughout the dining room was mellow, dimly lit and visually appealing. I especially enjoyed the layout of the seating as we were both sat on separate couches between a table. Quaint, masculine and chill, just the way I like to dine.
We started with the bacon wrapped scallops served over a fried green tomato and a light white maple syrup glaze. This appetizer was seriously worth a trip back!  For dinner we both decided on the 28 day dry aged 16 oz. NY strip steak. Simply splendid taste, cooked pink on the inside, providing a juicy-yummy mouthwatering piece of meat - bite after bite. Additionally we had the broccolini as a side - seasoned to perfection. 
The 5-star service only added to the amazing dining experience. We were attended to by two servers, both were extremely knowledgeable of the menu, wine list, etc. I was very impressed all around, from the host to the extremely attentive waitstaff. 
Although the prices are super high - It is worth every penny on a special occasion.I have been here two times, one in the bar with the bar menu with a few of my coworkers; the other in the main dining room for full dunner. 
Highlights of each
- Wedge Salad (bar) -- delicious. fresh bleu cheese as expected of a steak house. it had fresh crab meat as well as a garnish which was a nice accent
- kobe sliders -- i've had about 10 different kobe sliders at various upscale restaurants. (including the foie gras and kobe sliders at 1 Micheline starred L'Atellier in Vegas) These were hands down the best. The meat was medium rare (to perfection) and something about the brioche was what really differentiated these from the pack. MUST HAVE
- Lamb -- very good. ordered medium rare and was very tender and flavorful. I have had better Colorado Lamb (being from Colorado and having it at my fingertips my whole life) but this was in the top 3 or 4 I've ever had. 
- NY Strip -- very good. Flavorful as you would expect any aged steak and was a bit over cooked ( it was ordered medium rare and it came much more medium)  Aside from the temp. It was maybe top 3 NY Strips I've had. The quality of meat was definitely what stood out. 
We did not have room for sides which we ordered but were too full to enjoy.  Same with dessert.
I believe you can order the sliders in the bar as well which is what i would recommend if you are not interested in blowing a couple hundred bucks here.
Bottom Line: very expensive, but very goodNo need to go into what I order here.  You will not be disappointed.  The wine list, the caviar...  Everything is perfect and consistent.  Love the lounge-ey feel and music too.Although steaks are the centerpiece at Barclay Prime, the sides and apps are not to be overlooked.  They could certainly be a meal on their own.  
On my last visit I took about three bites of my crusty, juicy dry-aged NY strip but had to wrap up the rest after I'd indulged in large popovers, literally as big as my outstretched hand, shrimp that shrimped the first course forks, a tangy Ceasar salad, and the majority of the side dish menu, including potato gratin, tater tots, creamed spinach, sauteed mushrooms, lobster mac and cheese with bacon and truffled mashed potatoes.I think this will be the last time I have high hopes for a restaurant because when I do, the meal ends up turning bad or just okay.
The service for this restaurant is impeccable.  Only hiccup is when I asked the server to pick a sauce for my filet and it came when I had consumed 2/3 of my steak.
The table started with lobster bisque, scallops and caesar salad. The lobster bisque was okay.  I've had better or maybe my palate is not as exquisite as I thought. They do place large pieces of lobster which was a plus.  My friend's bf was not impressed with the scallops and I was not impressed with my bf's caesar salad, at which he liked.
Next the table ordered two steaks, two crab cakes, truffle mac and cheese, truffle mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts and creamed spinach.  The truffel mashed potatoes were the biggest hit.  The macaroni and cheese was the second biggest hit, but it just had too much going on in that little bowl for me - I think there was spinach and mushrooms in it? In addition, I asked my server to surprise me with a sauce for my steak, at which she did.  However, when it arrived, I had ate most of my entree but tasted a bit of it and I didn't want anymore. Why me?  I just wanted to like everything here.
Lastly, because we were all stuffed, we decided to take desserts home.  I had a dessert whose main ingredient was banana, at which I tasted no banana.  My before ordered a peanut butter dessert that was awesome!
The highlight of the night was 'Oh my, there is Stephen Starr.' I never knew what he looked like, but now I do :) Oh and the popovers :)My boyfriend and I came here for our 5 year anniversary. 
Barclay Prime does not disappoint. Everything that was placed on our table was great. I had the $100 cheese steak and it was the best cheese steak I've ever had! Was it worth the price tag? Probably not, but it's one of those things where you want to experience it once. We also ordered the crabcakes...AMAZING! My boyfriend had the steak, which was thick cut. We didn't quite expect that, but it was still pretty good. The service was EXCELLENT!Okay, Where do I start?! Ladies, think about the book "The Debutante"...Men, wear your sports coat and plan to talk about business, golf, or wine. This is a beautiful venue for cocktails with your  professional network of friends who have money to splurge.  I went on a Saturday night, and although I had reservations, there was a bit of a wait for the main dining area. Myself and Crew decided to have wine and light fare in the cocktail room.  Well, leave it to a Leo male to order everything on the Appetizer menu: the cheese plate, the meat selection, the wings,and ....oh yes, he ordered a $200 bottle of vino and plenty of cocktails to go around.  So I must say, for 4 people we had a great start. The appetizers were all great!! Thanks to him, I am an "official" food critic.  Anyway,  Our "light fare" bill for 4 people ran about $300/$400.  After all this, we were seated in the dining area.  This is a Steven Starr Restaurant, so ... Top Notch! Once seated, I found myself just looking around at the mix of  modern, yet classic decor... and books (I love books). The menu is a la carte and very expensive for what it seemed to be worth... Don't get me wrong, the dinner was good, but not worth the money.  :-(    I am pretty sure our dinner for 4 was somewhere around $400/$500.  So bottom line is, if you can't do math, don't go!! I  will be back!  But ,only to for cocktails and to talk business, golf, and wine. :-)was bouncing around rittenhouse, rockstarrin it. smith and wolensky, rouge, ladder. we stopped in here. a friend wanted to visit the staff (former employee) it was the lamest of our stops. and close to 50 bucks for 3 drinks? get over yourself starr. it seems like this place, which maybe used to be cool, back in the day, has not an ounce of cool left. its even more cheesy then i remembered. with all the dope spots in the city, why bother with this one? i dont even know what kind of crowd was in there. were they tourists? main liners who follow starr like sheep? everywhere else we went, we had a ball. ran into friends, laughed, danced. in barclay i felt out of place. awkward. like, i couldnt wait to go where the cool kids were. we stayed for one lame round of drinks, then went back to the fun.Fabulous from beginning to end.
My in-laws took us here when they were in town this past week and we had such a great time.  I had been meaning to dine here for years but never made it happen.
We started with some drinks at the bar as we were early for our reservation and the bartender was just wonderful. She was extremely easy to talk to and very hospitable, would go back for happy hour just for her!
When we sat for dinner we had a lovely waiter, unfortunately I don't remember anyone's names. My in-laws are from CA and we all love wine and he was great at selecting some choices my father-in-law was quite pleased with.
The popovers they bring out are ridiculous, I want them everyday. We had salads and soup as appetizers. The lobster bisque was delicious yet different...had some fall spices in it my husband wasn't a huge fan of but it was still tasty.
As expected, our steaks were cooked to perfection.  I had the 8oz filet with blue cheese sauce on the side and it was perfect with or without the sauce. The bit on coarse salt on top is a nice touch.
Creamed spinach was good, very cheesy.  I heard the mashed potatoes were delicious but we went for regular potatoes that were also very good.
Choosing your own steak knife is a nice touch as well.
Can't wait to go back and try dessert!I mean this review will be just a drop in the bucket, but still, they deserve a great review so I'm happy to write one! I had perhaps my favorite dining experience ever at this restaurant. The service is very attentive, friendly, and not at all pretentious or snooty. The atmosphere is very romantic, dimly lit and you mostly sit on large armchairs or even couches, and they will seat couples side by side :)
Food wise, it sounds strange to take time to discuss but the wedge salad was amazing. My husband had the prime filet mignon and I had the wagyu filet. We tried to have a "filet-off" but I was in love with his and he was in love with mine so it ended in a draw. The prime filet was a bit larger with a beautiful outside and lots of room for super tender red inside. I wish I wouldn't have been so full so that I could give my take on dessert. Another strange shout out but they also have really nice coffee. 
It was my husband's birthday so we went all out. Of course you are looking at a whole lot of money. But for a special occasion it's so worth. I am already thinking of 'excuses' to go back.My boyfriend and I had a very nice dinner here on NYE. We both ordered several glasses of wine, salads, the 8 oz filet, potato sides, and split the cheesecake. 
The pinot grigio (unfortunately I forget the name) we ordered was delicious! My bf got the chop salad and I the caesar, both excellent. I ordered the potato gratin with my filet and my boyfriend ordered the mashed potatoes. I didn't love my side, but his mashed potatoes were one of the best I've ever tasted! In my opinion the potato gratin were not rich enough and a little bland for my taste. The filets were just out of this world, cooked perfectly. I am very snobby when it comes to dessert and felt that the  cheesecake was just OK. 
We also loved the bread they served before our meals!!!
The atmosphere in Barclay Prime is classy, chic, and artsy with books on the walls and chandeliers hanging from the ceilings. Our waitress was attentive, but not overly nice--however being NYE I can imagine it being a more stressful night for the waitstaff. What was really cool was that when my bf got up to use the restroom, a man came over and re-folded his napkin for him :))
All in all, great experience at Barclay Prime. Was super impressed and will definitely be back!We have been there handful of times. The steak was always delicious. Last weekend, I ordered medium rare steak, but what I got was medium (little too cook for me). I did tell our waiter when he was checking on us, but not fussy about it at all( I was super starving, didn't want to wait not even for another 30 seconds for my new steak that they offered, as long as they didn't give me a weldone steak then I'm all good ). Our waiter and the manager were very apologetic. It really showed the high standards they're holding. 
He came to checked on us often making sure we got all we wanted. Forgot his name but he went above and beyond.
Our dessert were amazing. We had creme brûlée (so good), and apple pie sundae which was unforgettable delicious. Still dreaming about it until now..
The price actually very reasonable for the food that consistently good and outstanding services.One of theeeee best steaks I've ever had in my life. We celebrated my mothers 65th b-day here and they didn't disappoint. Great décor, great food and great service!Came here for NYE with my boyfriend, and was thoroughly impressed.
We arrived around 9:30pm for a 10:15pm reservation, and it simply wasn't that busy for some reason. This perplexes me, as Barclay is expensive, but ANYWHERE is expensive on NYE for less quality, I'm sure. We could've sat at 9:30 but opted to wait for our reservation by the bar. 
Our serving duo was delightful. I really enjoyed their expertise and pleasantries throughout the meal. The popovers were addicting, though the second one I received was slightly burnt (perhaps a signal that I was being gluttonous). I had a wedge salad which was mediocre compared to the many steakhouse wedges I've enjoyed over my 27 years. The pairing of russian and blue cheese dressings, though, was different, and tasty.
My boyfriend had the tuna tartare and said it was good, but I don't eat tuna, so I can't comment.
We both had 10 oz. filets, cooked medium. The steak was good, but I was most impressed that they were truly cooked medium-- so many steakhouses undercook steaks and when they go back for more fire, it's a nightmare. For sides we had brussels sprouts (okay, I make better ones), and the butterball potatoes (delicious). 
To wrap up the meal, I had the ice cream trio (white chocolate raspberry, double chocolate chip, salted caramel), which was delicious, but a small portion. My boyfriends peach sangria sorbet stole the show.
Overall, a fun NYE. They handed out hats and noisemakers around midnight, though there was no TV to watch the ball drop. I do find Barclay a bit pricy, even more so than other steakhouses, but the quality was high, and I'd return.I've dined here for a recent birthday celebration with a party of four and my experience there cannot even be  compared to what I shall write, even though I will try.
Our waiter was a sweetheart, explaining the menu to us, recommending a few dishes; and drinks that went with it. The truffle mac and cheese was phenomenal, as well as the ahi tuna I've also ordered. The steak (medium, what else?) was so deliciously made, I wanted to kiss the chef that made it.
When it came time to pay the bill, our waiter remembered it was two of my parties birthday and surprised us with a delicious cake, wishing them both well.
I'll definitely come back again soon.Barclay Prime
Taste: 11/10.
Return on investment: 10/10
Price: 0/10 (only because I personally dont think people should fine dine regularly -- price was definitely worth the experience!)
$125 for an A5 KOBE WAGYU NY STRIP and $18 for Truffle Mac and Cheese
This is the best meal I will ever have in my life. The place was so fancy they had a selection of knives from various countries I could choose to eat my meat with.
The meat had the same crunch that mystified me from butcher and singer, but the insides just melted. I melted with it too. It was SO rich and each bite hit the perfect flavors in my mouth my head literally felt different as I ate it. The rich flavor combined with the salt flakes created such a unique and deep flavor. 
The truffle mac and cheese was also the best mac and cheese ive had so far. The truffle made it so unique and so rich and creamy. Although the portion is smaller than my normal portions the richness of the foods got me full.
Don't pay this price for a meal regularly LOL I will most likely not come back theres a hundred things to do with the amount of money I spent here this is a once in a lifetime thing and I am very glad I did it.
Definitely do it once in your life though this meat is truly something worth hyping up.Perfection!  From the truffled mac & cheese, to the succulent fillet, the flavorful complementary puffs, and the excellent service, Barclay Prime has just become one of my top-3 steakhouses.   
I am very curious about the $100 cheesesteak, which I will have to try next time as a shared appetizer.Ah Barclay Prime....been trying to get there forever but just can't seem to justify the $200 dinner.  But then a miracle struck.  Gift Cards!  Definitely the type of place where you feel slightly less classy walking in with gift cards rather than the Black Amex.  But I digress.  It was Friday, and it was lent, and for all those good going Catholics out there, well they were at the fish place across the street.  I however, was ready to get busy on a 12 oz rib eye.
We started with the scallops wrapped in bacon over fried green tomatoes.  Bangin.  I'm talking party in my mouth types of flavors.  My man had the shrimp cocktail, aka tiny lobsters that were tender and presented well.
We ordered salads but the kitchen had a minor brain fart and forgot to bring them out.  The staff was extremely apologetic (they obviously didn't know we had gift cards yet) and offered up free dessert.
My man and I got the rib eyes.  His, medium rare, was cooked nicely on the inside but was cold on the outside.  They realized this when the meal was brought out.  Quickly cooked him up another steak and told him it was on the house.  They did this willingly which I thought was nuts, but still pretty sweet.  It's clear they want you to leave happy and also realize that you're paying an arm and a leg for their food.  There's clearly no room for error.
Sides, oh lord I love my sides.  Whipped mashed and peas and onions.  Can't get more original than that.  BP knew how to cook them up right.
Dessert was well worth it.  On a regular day we wouldn't have had room, but we had to rise to the occasion.  After having the smores, praline cheesecake and some chocolate situation that was mighty tasty, we finished off our bottle of Louis Martini and got the bill.  We had been unexpectedly compted on two different items, so we ended up saving the gift cards for another day.  
Stephen Starr knows what's up.  Even though he makes you sell your first born for a good meal, you usually end up leaving not feeling too guilty (especially on special occasions), as is the case when visiting Barclay Prime.Absolutely amazing. Amazing food and excellent service. My fiancé and I had M.Penn as our server and he was absolutely excellent. Had the best recommendations along with top notch service. We drove out there from DC and will be making the drive every few months to go back. Loved the ambiance, loved the appetizers, and absolutely loved the main course. Thank you to the staff there.Came here for HH with a couple of girlfriends. Enjoyed the cocktail especially the rotating cocktail special for the day. We ordered the cheese plate, tater tots, aged beef sliders, oysters, tuna tartare, and hamachi. 
I especially enjoyed the oysters. The oysters were small but the taste was impeccable. I would come just for the oysters again. If I had to choose an item that I was whatever about, it would be the sliders. My friends really enjoyed em through.
Also the bread that they serve as a starter is so goooood! It's as airy as a croissant and smeared with salted butter tasted like a dream.
I would definitely come again for HH or even come for dinner during a special occasion.Impeccable service. My fiancé has been craving a true high end steak experience and I knew this would be the place to go. Our first date was at a Stephen Starr restaurant, so it only made sense to come full circle with our wedding a little over a month away :) 
The crab crake was amazingly delicious, and my fiancé really enjoyed his steak. The drinks were great, ambiance amazing. Perfect restaurant for an incredible dining experience.My fiance took me to Barclay Prime to celebrate my 26th birthday. I desperately wanted to go to a steakhouse, but was a little concerned Barclay Prime wouldn't live up to expectations (or its price tag). 
Don't worry, it did.
AMBIANCE
Think super swanky Mad Men-era fine dining. Cushy cozy leather seats, marble tables, built-in bookshelves and lots of muted greens, yellows and oranges. Dim lighting and tiny candles. High as heaven ceilings and crystal chandeliers. The Brady Bunch goes to Vegas. 
FOOD
Complimentary popovers were the best Pillsbury croissant you ever tasted, served warm with room temp salty butter. Smother that shit. Zack and I loved the tuna tartare appetizer, which was rich and meaty while maintaining lightness with a lemony vinaigrette. Excellent. I had the filet mignon and Zack indulged in 16 ounces (that's a pound, people) of dry aged NY Strip. Medium rare for both of us, the meat was insanely tender. The dry aged steak had a really unique super flavor- I would definitely recommend it. Truffle whipped potatoes and broccoli rabe were our sides, and damn did we choose well. The richness of the potatoes cut through the bitter garlicky goodness of the rabe perfectly. 
DRINKS
We shared the least expensive bottle of red (Malbec, $48). Very good. 
SERVICE
Choosing our knives was silly, but fun. Pretty handles for everyone! Our server knew it was my birthday and while we passed on dessert because we were already so satisfied, he brought out two caramel truffles with a birthday candle, plus a mini-cake (!!) in a to-go box. Really nice.
Barclay Prime is a special occasion place. Get dressed up and enjoy every bite.They server's at this restaurant don't ask you how your doing or if everything is good....They specifically say is everything "PERFECT" ? I apprentice their attention to detail and the quality of service. Food is obviously amazing, the best steak is Philadelphia.So glad to have an excellent experience with this gem at Rittenhouse.  Truly deserving of 5-stars, the moment I walked-in, got settled at the bar and enjoyed a fine glass of the Metropolitan.  The staff is superb and has attained the level of providing you with the best customer experience.  I went all out on my business trip, ordering the fresh Alaskan King Crab cocktail to start, followed by the salad wedge with with both Russian and Blue cheese.  The dry-aged Rib-Eye, medium-rare was well executed to order.  It was paired well with a glass of robust Malbec.  The mushrooms are a must!  I look forward to visiting this establishment again.We went to Barclay Prime for a couples night. There was a group of four of us. I loved the ambience of this restaurant. So classy almost a 1950s feel. They have these plush chairs and couches around your dining table. The drinks were great and the food was great as well. I had a dover sole that was amazing. My husband got a filet that was cooked perfectly. I will also say that the popovers are a bit of an addiction at this point. They are so delicious I could eat my weight in them. I hope to be able to go back and share more great experiences at this restaurant with other friends of ours. It's nice to be able to enjoy a bit of old world charm and sophistication in the heart of Philadelphia.On a first time trip to Philadelphia, my boyfriend and i dined here in late May 2008. It is located on Rittenhouse Sq.housed in an austere old luxury hotel from the 1920's.  
This place is pretty posh, so we made an early evening reservation. The decor is contemporary and looks like an old library. It was very comfortable and the server was very knowledgeable and sweet. My boyfriend and i ordered three courses. We shared the Carmelized onion tart...the goat cheese on it was so soft and smooth we marveled over how something so simple could be so complex in flavor and texture. 
For second course i had the caesar salad with fish. It arrived crisp and cold perfectly dressed with another delicious grated cheese over the top.
My italian companion had (of course) the tomato and mozzarella with another fantastic slightly salty wonderful cheese and a little balsamic and evoo. The tomatoes were perfectly ripe heirlooms with lots of juicy flavor.
Knowing how full i would be i passed on entree but instead ordered an appetizer of the Kobe Beef  Tartare-which was nice with a creamy accompanying sauce and chive. My man's huge 24 oz bone-in porterhouse arrived cooked to a perfect Med rare, it was buttery tender and had a slight corn flavor.  He was presented a tray of knives from which to choose to carve his steak. Wow.
We shared sides of Truffle mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. 
He was unable to finish it...we took it away knowing after the end of the planned long evening out we would surely devour it later.
The wine list was overpriced. There are many that were at a 80 percent mark up. Which was why we ordered a red from chile...
Montes Alpha Cabernet which i believe was $60. I was more interested in food... 
We ran out at about 8pm to catch a show, so no dessert and absolutely stuffed anyway.  But i'm sure it would have been amazing also...
We both loved this place it was romantic and delicious and one of the nicest meals we have had together. This must be one of the best steak houses in the country.
The leftovers at 2 am were even good cold, i think they remedied what may have been a sorry hangover from having a really really good time in Philly.
go...
http://www.barclayprime.com/Absolutely amazing, and I don't even eat meat!!! I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday on a Friday night. We arrived about a half hour early and grabbed a drink at the bar. I ordered the Beet the Heat cocktail (spiced rum, fresh beet juice, fresh lime, agave nectar); it was light and refreshing.
After drinks, we were seated in the main dining room. The décor has a nice retro-modern twist and is very different than your standard steakhouse which I typically find far too dark and musky.
We started with complimentary gruyère and herb pop-overs; they were airy, cheesy perfection (and you can have as many as you want). For appetizers, I ordered oysters (half east cost, half west coast) and my boyfriend ordered the Wagyu Slider Duo. Both types of oysters were delicious, but if I were to order them again, I'd stick with just the west coast ones. My boyfriend loved his sliders. 
As for entrées, I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and my boyfriend ordered the 12 oz. Filet Mignon cooked rare (as it should be). My fish was amazing, I would highly recommend it. My boyfriend said his filet mignon was hands-down the best steak he's ever had; he said it just melted in his mouth. We also ordered the roasted broccoli and potato gratin sides; both were great and much larger than anticipated.
To top it off, we ordered the Warm Deep-Dish Cookie Trio (chocolate chip, sugar, and oatmeal raisin) which comes topped with vanilla ice cream and a side of chocolate sauce. I'm usually not a dessert person, but the oatmeal raisin portion of the cookie trio was to die for. It was hot, gooey, and spiced to perfection. I'm drooling just writing about it.
Our waiter, Matthew, was excellent, and the service in general was superb. For those ordering steak, you get to pick your steak knife which I thought was pretty cool and unique. The prices are steep, but you really do get what you pay for. The portions are not small by any means and you won't find meat or fish of that quality for much less elsewhere in the city. If you're looking for an amazing meal and a fine-dining experience, Barclay Prime is the way to go. We will most definitely be returning!Wow, wow, wow.
A night after being underwhelmed at a private party at The Continental I wasn't sure what to expect at Barclay Prime. My previous experience at Barclay Prime had been a positive one, but it was quite brief, with just two orders of sliders in the lounge area.
This experience would build upon that one and show me how amazing a Starr restaurant truly can be.
I went there on a fixed menu for my brother's graduation dinner. Our menu included two options for appetizers; three options for main, though everyone ordered the steak; and a tasting menu of desserts. Wine and alcohol were not included, and once you threw those in it was well above $150 per person.
The pre-appetizer popover was delectable. Crunchy, buttery, smooth and warm, and inventive for a starter at a steakhouse. Though butter was provided it wasn't needed, but being a glutton for fattening foods I couldn't help but dole out my serving. Those popovers were popalicious.
Following our popovers our appetizers were served. A larger than expected caesar salad dished out with just the right amount of dressing and perfect greens. Topped with what seemed like enough croutons even for me, and I love croutons. The whole caesar was very good, in fact one of the people in our party, a former newspaper food critic, remarked that it was "The best caesar salad in Philadelphia." I trust that statement. 
Now being the gastronomical addicted human being I am I couldn't get just the caesar as a starter. I need more. Accordingly I ordered the other starter, the Wagyu Beef Sliders. Though, since I don't usually mix meat and cheese (I have some weird, mostly self-imposed dietary restrictions) I ordered them without the gruyere cheese that normally comes with them. These sliders were just as tasty as my previous experience had me expecting they would be. The wagyu beef was cooked to a medium temperature and the brioche bun was the perfect complement to the sophisticated beef flavor of the wagyu. For those that have never had wagyu, I can attest that it truly does taste different than regular beef, and on the four occasions that I have enjoyed the pleasure of it I have noted the strong but subtle beef flavor that is distinct from that of regular prime or choice USDA grade beef.
Following these two fattening but delicious appetizers it was time for the piece de resistance.
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEF.
Did you hear me when I said that? Beef.
But not just any beef. Twelve ounces (after cooking) of delicious top shelf filet mignon, seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. Not too little, not too much. Everyone in the party agreed, no place cooks a steak as perfectly on temperature as they do at Barclay Prime.
But what came next was a gimmick that I loved. Picking your steak knife. Prior to the delivery of your beefy goodness  a server comes around with a tray of knives .Each a steak knife with supreme cutting power but each uniquely designed and interesting. Faced with an epic dilemma I asked for the servers advice, and landed upon a knife designed by the Porsche design company. Yes, that Porsche, the men and women engineers who construct Porsche cars that race around the track at insane speeds. I found this knife perfectly suited for cutting beef.
The most amazing things about Barclay Prime are they get all the details right. Even so far as delivering everyone their steak without having to ask what temperature each person had ordered. This is a very important aspect that brings a meal over the top.
My medium temperature steak arrived cooked pink. With just a tiny hit of red in the center this steak stared right back at me. This beef required no sauces or additional seasonings. It had clearly been seasoned perfectly in the kitchen and arrived on the table as a big chunk of delicious cow.  The plate consisted of the steak and a tiny bit of garnish on one corner. But the steak was the standout of the presentation, or lack thereof. This is not a complaint in any way, but it was clear that the steak was the star of the show. Honoring the delicious cow bred and raised for us to enjoy on this momentous day of my brother's graduation from college. The presentation in its simplicity conveyed all of this.
After the time spent enjoying our steaks, and the delicious sides of french fries, mashed potatoes, and corn, our meal was coming to an end. I would talk more about the sides but their taste was overpowered by the strong beef flavor of the filet, and just 14 hours after the meal I don't remember much about the main course section of the meal aside from the meat. 
Now I'll skip talking about the dessert because I'm no dessert aficionado. 
But here is what is important. The beef.
Yes, the beef. If you eat chicken or salmon then you may like this place. The atmosphere with faux bookshelves and cool heavily padded seating areas in a surprisingly cozy atmosphere may make your dining experience a pleasant one. But if you eat beef, your dining experience will rock.This was one of the best (and most expensive) meals we have ever had.  Took the bf here for his birthday.  Started off with some fabulous martinitis with blue cheese olives.  Then moved onto champagne before dinner.   I was wondering how a popover could get so much hype on all the reviews.  Then I tasted these things!  OMG!  and the butter has like sea salt on it or something.  and they are hollow inside but crispy and crusty on the outside.  Might be the best part of the meal!  We started off with beef tartar which was excellent and also the sliders.  Not something I would usually get when ready to order  steak but felt it was a must after all the reviews.  Dont' get me wrong-they were good but not great.  Not worth 16.00.  I have had better.   I had the porterhouse steak with house steak sauce on the side -rare and te bf had lamb chops.  Steak  was cooked perfectly and was the best I have ever had.   He said the same about the lamb.  For dessert we had cinnamon cheesecake with eggnog icecream. also top notch!  I would go here again in a second but only if somene else was paying!  Also the service was fabulous and they knew how much we enjoyed the bread.  they gave us popovers to go.  also was the bf's birthday. they gave us some truffles with happy birthday on the plate and also a mini red velvet cake to go!We came here over Memorial Day weekend while visiting the city.  Since we waited until the last minute to make reservations anyway, a lot of restaurants were already booked.  Once we came across Barclay Prime though, none of that seemed to matter.  The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice.  It's trendy, but not too over the top.  Even when the restaurant was packed, it was never too loud where you felt like you had to yell to have a conversation.  Our waitress was super nice and very helpful and recommended a fantastic wine to go with the meal.  It was also a nice touch that they let you pick out what knife you'd like to use.  I thought the food was great and cooked very well.  I'm picky when it comes to food, so I wouldn't say it was the best steak I've ever had, but it was a really good meal overall.  I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come back here (only because there are so many other outstanding restaurants to try in the area) but I wouldn't hesitate to come here again if others in my party wanted to dine here.Best place in philly! Every time I visit the city, it is a must. They are consistent with excellent service, quality and presentation. They have the best cheese steak without a doubt. The drinks are top of the line as well. It will not disappoint!.Went on a Saturday night and it was packed - service was superb as if we were the only people there.
This was my fifth time there and it was time to give kudos.
Foie Gras was amazing, the ribeye perfect. If you haven't ordered the wedge salad, you must! 
Atmosphere is mesmerizing, welcoming and warm. very hard to leave this place after the amazing food and service.My fiancé and I are no strangers to Fine Dining. Philadelphia is so lucky to have so many exquisite  culinary choices. Steak houses are among the best in the country but Barclay has by far surpassed the others. The staff, service and overall experience puts it in first place. My Filet melted in your mouth and Foie Gras, one of the best in the city. Add to that extensive wine list and a killer dirty martini I'm a happy girl. Many thanks to the staff. Overall lovely evening.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Walking in, it looks like a modern steak house. Really trendy, but really comfortable. As you walk into the dining room, it looks straight out of the 70's. From the book cases to the green chairs, down to the feel of it. It's just a super comfy restaurant.
They start off giving you pop-overs which are incredible. They are so light and tasty that it honestly makes you excited for the meal you are about to eat.
We started off with the crab cake and kobe sliders. Both so delicious. The kobe sliders are one thing just to go back for, but the meal got much better as we went on. 
We ordered the dry-aged ribeye, the truffle mac and cheese, whipped potatoes and tater tots. The ribeye... oh  my. The best steak I've ever eaten, hands down. So, so good. Perfectly cooked, seasoned, aged. Just perfect. The whipped potatoes were delicious, and the tots are so cute! Such a weird thing to say about food, but they really are! They're so tiny and perfectly shaped and so crispy. They were outstanding. The truffle mac and cheese would have been delicious had I liked the whole earthy, truffle taste. I just feel like it really stood out in this dish. Ususally I can handle it because it isn't over powering, but this time, I just couldn't. I also wasn't a huge fan of the varitey of pasta that they used, so all of those factors together just made it a forgettable side dish. 
All together, this is still one of my favorite places to eat. The service is wonderful, the food is spectacular, and the decor and enviornment is so comfy. I. love. this. place.Barclay Prime is what you would expect from a fine steakhouse: great service and excellent steaks and food. I thought the steaks lacked a little seasoning. Highlights of the meal were the sliders app and s'mores dessert. The worst part of the experience were the chairs! They were extremely uncomfortable. Overall, the decor needs a little help.Wow. Just WOW! 
This place is fabulous! 
I have to admit, I originally tried to make a reservation at Butcher & Singer, but they were booked from 6:30pm on, and since we were going to dinner after work 6:30 was just cutting it too close for me. 
Barclay Prime really exceeded all of my expectations. Everything was cooked so perfectly. My husband and I shared scallops as an appetizer- and they were literally "melt in your mouth" good. Then came the filets! Again, perfectly cooked, and so delicious. I think that allowing the diners to choose their own knife is a very nice touch. I enjoyed that part! 
Of course the only downside is the price, but it truly is worth every penny! The service is excellent!Mr. Starr, you really out did your self this time !! If you're looking for a unique upscale dining experience, please indulge. You will not be disappointed. Upscale retro yet comfortable ambiance, sheik decor , impeccable service, and succulent cuisine. I've dined at just about every high end steak house in the city and this one by far is the upper crest of the top 5 list! Everything from the homemade pop ems to the lobster bisque with a touch of caviar. Need I say more?? You cant go wrong with this one folks! So spend a little extra scratch for one of the best dining experiences you will ever have. It's well worth your while....guaranteed beyond your satisfaction!!Favorite stake place in Philadelphia.  The Kobe beef sliders are amazing!Went with a colleague, as we were in town on business for only two nights. This place had such a cool vibe! Awesome ambiance. The bread they serve with butter is TO DIE FOR. I had a new york steak, and it was cooked perfectly. The sauces they have are also extremely tasty. If you are looking for a good steak place, with cool ambiance, this is it!Overpriced & overrated.  My $48 NY strip was too salty. Lined w/ hard gristle (had to spit some out or swallow big pieces), and undercooked.  Charged us an extra $6 to bring a dessert we ordered for someone's birthday- I guess b/c they wrote 'happy birthday' in chocolate on the plate.My favorite in Philly. Good service, taste, knives.. Better than anywhere in NYC. Best: 18 oz. 28 day dry-aged prime ribeye. Fishes are also good.Best steak house in Philadelphia... I have been here several times for several different occasions. I have never been disappointed. My favorite place to take clients. They always leave with a good lasting impression.Done and done. Gorgeous. From the personable, friendly greeting at the front desk from the hostess team when you walk in. Over the top and still down to earth. Incredible bartender, Bob, he kept me company until my friend arrived. Jason, a generous host. James, we relied on his recommendations for dinner all night. Beautiful, great music, upbeat. The food was excellent, so was the company. Best.This is our absolute favorite steakhouse in the city! We go here for birthdays, anniversaries, and surprise date nights. I admit that I get the same thing every time (8 oz filet, medium rare) but honestly when it's your favorite dish and you know it's going to be perfect every time, it's hard to deviate! I don't get any sauce, because my dad taught me that a good steak should never need it. When we come with a group our favorite thing is to get the tomahawk ribeye.. highly recommend for 4-6 people! Picking your own steak knife is a fun part of the experience as well. Other things besides steak: I used to not be super into fish, and their chilean sea bass was part of my conversion! Husband always gets the lobster bisque and loves it. As an Irish gal I have to have my potatoes and the whipped ones are heaven. I could probably just eat a bowl of them and still walk out happy. Truffle anything is usually amazing, and the truffle mac & cheese does not disappoint. Wine: really incredibly selection, and very knowledgable staff to help you pick! I'm a bordeaux fan myself, and I appreciate that they carry some very good ones that aren't $300. All in all, expect a pricy night, but also expect one of the best steaks in the city-- absolutely worth it for special occasions!