Located on a shady street off girard. There isn't much else in the block around this bar but it's still a great spot. They have old school arcade machines all over the place, great beer, and great snacks. The beef jerky is homemade; the grilled cheese and tomato soup is creamy, gooey, and delicious. The beer list is great. I'm not much of a craft beer drinker but my hubby and everyone else I know loves this bar for its beer list.All right, I have a few bones to pick with you people, but first I'm going to tell you that Barcade is a fantastic concept and I LOVE that they brought this to Philadelphia. It's a great addition to the growing Fishtown neighborhood. For those of us in our late-twenties and thirties, this place should be our mecca. Beer that doesn't taste like piss, video games from our childhood and a decent bite to eat, if you choose. Failing to see what the problem is here. This place is wonderful and I plan on making weekly trips here. 
So here are my bones to pick...
1.) The beer... YOU'RE PAYING FOR QUALITY, NOT QUANTITY. Microbrews are also just that... MICRO. This beer is not mass-produced in multiple factories, it is hand-crafted by people who genuinely love beer. It takes time, effort, a lot of good equipment. You're goddamn right I'm going to pay $6 for a good beer. You can go right ahead and go down the street to pay $6 for piss water, if you'd like. That means more rare beer for me and less for your dumb ass. 
2. Cut them some slack on their food. They're only been open a couple weeks! They need to figure out what is best and what YOU want. Give em some times, guys. They smoke their own meat! Just give em some credit and time. Damn.
3. The machines are 20-30+ years old, of course they're going to have kinks. Go find a 30 year old TV and tell me how the picture is on it. Then try to find a repairman to fix it in a timely manner (ie: 3 minutes by your impatient standards.) If a machine eats your money, they will gladly refund your quarters at the bar (but don't be a lying slug about it to get shit for free.)
Also... This is the SAME company that owns Barcade in Brooklyn and Jersey City. Is Jersey City also trying to 'become' like Brooklyn/Williamsburg too? NO. The owners trying to bring some good beer and video games into Philly. So shut up about us Philadelphians trying to be wannabes and go the fuck back to your overpriced Brooklyn 'art studio'. We don't need you bitching about everything too.I LOVE the concept but the service is abominable. There is one bartender who spends more time walking around then making drinks or clearing glasses. The guy who is part owner was standing around and not directing the staff at all. It took the other bartender forever to ask for our drink order even though it wasn't that busy.This place frustrated me! Last night we hosted some friends and wanted to check this place out, big mistake. I guess going on a Saturday night wasn't the best idea. Anyway we got there around 730-800pm. It was a madhouse! I expected this place to be much larger. After some searching we finally found a small table in the front of the joint, enough room for the ladies to sit. Went and ordered 4 beers, $26.00, yes for 4 drafts. I know some will read and say must be good beer, it is, Neshaminy creek. Keep in my every other place has it for much less. Seems a bit much to me but it was overlooked as the atmosphere is pretty cool.
We attempted to play some games, lucky enough to play maybe 2? In the hour we were there. It's just too small and too crowded. No games, very tight, games are so close together so you're bumping people playing their games. No place to put your beer. I don't know, I wanted to love this place, unfortunately we all left disappointed. The idea is cool but the execution is a failure..We will not be returning....Good selection of beers, old arcade games, and the sandwiches were decent.  The prices were reasonable and  parking was plentiful.  A good way to use up those quarters!I won't be back.
The concept is great! The games are only 25 cents. The drink & beer selection is awesome!
But....the staff (at least who I delt with) is rude. 
I went there Sunday night for my friends birthday. The bartender - named Neira according to my receipt - was the MOST miserable person I have ever met. She was rude & just very unfriendly. It kind of ruined the vibe of the entire night. At first I thought maybe she was just having a bad night, but after reading through all the reviews before mine, this seems to be a common occurance. 
There are much nicer, friendlier places I'd be happy to spend my money at.
But hey, if you really want to play some onld school aracde games, you may like it.The bar has old arcade games, cant beat that.  It was a bit pricey, but they do offer a ton of craft beers.  Considering the type of beers, its comparable.  It was a Friday night when I was there.  It wasn't too crowded until about the peak hours of 10-12.  Crowd or not, I will return.This is a food only review ( i already love the games and beer list).
I've been there a couple times already and LOVE it. I don't get the negative remarks they get foodwise, the sandwiches and food are AMAZING. I have yet to order bad food from this place. So far I've had (or tasted) the pulled pork sandwich (which is my favorite) the duck sandwich, roast beef sandwich, grilled cheese with bacon, and the sirichia deviled eggs. All sandwiches come on hearty, artisan style breads with amazing toppings and great dipping sauces. Their barley mustard is to die for. Sandwiches also come with these great artisan style hard pretzels and one of the best homemade pickles i've ever had.
If you manage to get in there on a Friday or Sunday afternoon, grab the lunch special. It's a sandwich, chips and a beer for $10. You can't beat it with a stick. 
Foodwise (or management wise) the place is losing a half a star for not having the lunch special on Saturdays (which makes no sense at all) and a half a star for having some of the douchiest bartenders in the history of man. I don't know if they're actually Brooklyn hipsters, but they act/look like the part. The female staff members are great and helpful, the male ones..not so much.This place is pretty cool. Very darkly lit, exposed brick walls. Very nice atmosphere. 
The beer list is top notch. A little expensive, but still awesome beers on tap.
.....Ok, I can't go on with this review anymore. I'm really upset. Do you know why? I met someone at The Barcade last night. Our encounter only lasted 5 minutes, but I fell in love. Her name was Mac & Cheese Pulled Pork Sandwich w/ Arugula & Pepper Jack. We had the best time ever. But, as quickly as we met, she departed. Her taste lingered in my mouth for hours. I walked home, kicking rocks thinking about her. She was the best I ever met. I hope to run into her again someday.
She was cheap too ;-)Environment: Breaks my heart but this place can get out-of-control. Been here a few times and it's definitely not a place that sticks out to me as much. The games are classic. Everything from Pac-man to Teenage-Mutant Ninja Turtles (multi-player) is always a win for me. Tokens are really cheap, too. Despite the reminiscent vibes of being on these arcade games, there was a fight that broke out and unfortunately it got to the point it just wasn't okay. No one diffused it, staff was completely oblivious, wish it could've been a more enjoyable experience. Although, you can never complain when you watch someone get sucker-punched 2 feet from your own face...
Drinks: Most drinks on draft are $5-7; wish they had a better selection of IPAs but I won't hold that against them.Definitely one of my favorite hang-out spots in the city.  Great selection of old-school videogames.  I don't like beer, but I do appreciate that they have at least one cider (sometimes two) on tap.  If the food selection was better (what, no burgers?), I would give it five stars.  Come for the games, go elsewhere for the food.Fun place, and I like the concept of a bar/arcade with retro 80's games. However, this place isn't for dancing and it's hardly good for socializing. I wish the music was better. The drinks are pretty good though. The place gets really packed so they must be doing something right.It's been probably nearly a year since the last time I went to Barcade.  I'm not sure why that is because it was a fun place and I hope I make myself stop by again soon.  I used to go with my friend and my boyfriend most every time all three of us were together in the city and though some of us liked it more than others it was still a unique place to hangout and a nice change of pace from the standard bar scene.
It's hard not to mention how great it is for every game to only be 25cents.  It makes it really easy to play as much as you like without feeling like you're burning through cash.  They have some true classics and a very good selection that seems to be added to and switched around often enough to keep regulars coming back.
I'm not really there for the bar aspect, but it seems like a perfectly nice bar pretty similar to what you'll find all around northern liberties or fishtown.  I honestly think this place is all about the games, but they do seem to have some pretty good food/drink specials plus a lot of events and a changing beer list.
Plus I like the bathrooms.Get a pitcher of beer and go play some old school video games and shoot some pool. Eclectic crowd and friendly bartenders. I would go more often if it were closer to our house. Fun experience and solid draft list.I like it here. The staff have always been nice to me, the bartenders have always accommodated me, never had a problem.  Yeah, it gets crowded and busy, that's life.  This place is popular so I deal with it.  I LOVE Ms. Pac Man, I will probably never top that high score, but I'll try!!! Where else in Philly are you going to find a vintage working Ms. Pac Man machine?  Seriously, please tell me, I need to know!!!!!  I like the rotating beer selection, it's cool.  The food is meh.   I wish it was better but I don't honestly care, I don't go there for the food, so, whatever.  I could care less about the people that go there because whether I am alone or with a group I ALWAYS have a good time and ALWAYS leave smiling!!!  I don't pay any attention to anybody else cause frankly unless your a bartender or Ms. Pac Man, I don't care.
YES!!! You should come here at least once.  Weekdays are great to have choice of the games. Fri. & Sat. are great nights because they are the FUN nights too!! And that's it.  This place is FUN!!! It's literally a room full of overgrown children reliving the glory years of youth over and over again.  And that's it.
Go!! NOW!!! Forget where it is, and who goes there wearing what.  Just go there for yourself to have a blast drinking great rotating beer and playing classic video games!!  Feeling like a kid again is golden!!
Love this place!!Great Place to have a drink and fun. I was very excited to try this place after a friend mentioned and i was not let down. Although I admit I enjoyed the video games more than any drink or food I did try it all. 
Video Games: Lots of good ones spent most of the night and quarters on Ninja Turtles. Glad this place did not hike up any prices and kept it at a quarter. Only machine missing that would have top the night off is the Simpsons.
Drinks: The pumpkin brew and apple cider were good. Also had a fine selection of Tequila which I am a fan off.
Food: I had the Mac & Cheese Pulled pork sandwich. I think it was very tasty just wish it was a little more cheesy. My wife had the quesadilla's but forgot to ask them to not put the jalapenos. We do not enjoy hot stuff and it was tough to eat for her. If you like spicy food you should enjoy.
Overall: I cannot wait to return. I would probably try to avoid the busy times as it was great not having to wait on the games. The staff were very pleasant and nice. They knew enough about the beers to know which to recommend.It is hard to go to Barcade and not have a good time. The games are great, and they put a lot of thought behind their beer selection. Try going when they do a tap-takover with a local brewery like Clown Shoes.It completely depends on the time of day you go. The patrons are 99% of the time cool. However the game selection does not change. 
And there is always the super douchey power tripping bouncer here. Not the old guy, he is nothing but awesome. However, the other bouncers will go out of the way to try to seem smart but take two second to respond. Real meatheads who can't tell heads from tails. Unfortunately they police like it's their job. Either that or they took offense to being told that the racks were too full to handle drinks. 
In addition, the bartenders are horribly overworked. Shouldn't take more than 5 minutes to get an overpriced michigan stout 
If it's busy expect busy lines and a few power hungry bouncers. If it's clear, have fun for an hour. 
This place won't get my business until they get different games and a few more hands on staff.In a few words:  great drink selection with reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, good food options that aren't just the typical bar food, and cheap arcade games!  
I had an idea of what it would be like, but I had way more fun than I expected.  It's probably better here when it's not super crowded, but even with a lot of people my food came out relatively quickly and the bartenders kept the line moving.  
They take credit cards too!  
There's street parking and when we came here there was a dude at the door carding people.  There is outside seating space so I imagine once it's not freezing outside, it'll be great.  The bathrooms are repulsive though.Came here early Sat evening...like 7pm.  Was a great place to hang for an hour or so...grab a drink, play a few dollars worth of games.  Very dive bar-esque. No cover. You must be 21+ to enter...and they carded everyone.  There were a few tables to sit at but they were all occupied.  I liked that at each video game, there was a place to set down your drink.  While you may have to wait for a game, I never waited more than a few minutes.  There was plenty of room to park  a bicycle on the bike rack...street parking is an option for those with cars, but never super easy in Fishtown.After reading the reviews on yelp, I was extremely hesitant to go because of how crowded everyone was saying this place gets. I don't know why, but I still came out to come here on a Friday and Saturday night. It's really not that crowded. Both nights, I was able to find seating, play on the more popular games (TMNT!), and generally have a great time with out being jostled.
It has a great selection of draft beers for a reasonable price. It's not the cheapest, but beers and drinks are generally all under $10 range. Cocktails here are also generally extremely strong.
Games are only 25 cents! And there are 2 quarter machines in the place (that I know of). There are some game hogs though, so be prepared to camp out or play some less popular games. Each game has a little table next to it for your drink. 
I did order bar nuts here, which were pretty much the same thing you used to get on airplanes. So I would pass on the food - there's a taco truck or 2 right outside!Lots of great nostalgic games, wish the drinks were a little cheaper. Don't get me wrong - they have a good beer selection, but no cheap beer and no cans or bottles. I'm always afraid I'm going to break my damn glass when I'm dominating Tapper.Been here twice, on a busy Saturday night, loved it both times.  I love the huge draft list, always rotating taps, probably 20-25 different craft beers on tap.   I haven't tried the food yet, but the specials on the menu looked pretty good.
The first time I went, the crowd was a melting pot of all types of people in Philly, from hipsters, to trendy, to gays, to people who looked like they were in halloween costumes.  The second time I went (both busy saturday nights), the crowd seemed normal and casual.  So, hit or miss I guess!
Pros:
20-30 craft beers on tap
Even when the bar is packed, you can still play your favorite video games with hardly any wait. 
Awesome music, usually odd rock songs i have no idea who the artists are.
Change machines so you don't have to bring your own quarters.
Large outside courtyard area.
Bartenders are pretty quick, even during packed busy nights
Cons:
Unisex bathrooms, so a long line can happen quickly.   
The back of the bar where all the arcade games are can get really HOT. 
Music is so loud its hard to talk to your friends.
Overall, def a "must-do" on your list if you haven't tried it here yet.  Makes you feel like a little kid again, getting to play Mario, Tetris, Donkey Kong, Frogger, Ninja Turtles, and Paperboy all in the same night!  And games are only a quarter, so you don't get ripped off!I went here on a Saturday afternoon on a cold winter day.  It was not crowded at all and never had to wait for any games to open up (save for Ninja Turtles).  I thought the selection was great.  It had a great mix of old school games.  I had a lot of fun with Tapper and Frogger.  The additions of "newer" games like TNMT and NBA Jam was nice.  Would have loved to see X-Men or Simpsons there.  The beer selection was great and enjoyed a beer before we left.  Wasn't here long enough to try the food, but noticed a lack of tables.  I will definitely be back.The arcade games almost become secondary to the amazing beer selection they always have here, as well as the constantly rotating taps and a cask always in tap. The food leaves something to be desired but the beef jerky and chips are good stuff! One of the best nights out in Fishtown.It's as if they made this bar just for me.
I'm old enough to remember going to arcades and spending and obscene amount of money on the 8-16 bit glory. Now you can relive all of those childhood memories....intoxicated. 
Well played Barcade, well played. 
The problem is, this place is mad crowded at night, and in my opinion the drinks are a bit overpriced. I guess they weren't hoping I'd notice while playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. But in a place like this, you're paying for the atmosphere as well, which is nostalgia with a little bit of hipster. However, the place does have a solid drink selection and all of those arcade machines make it worth it.Good drinks, hip setting, and place was packed on the Friday night that I went with friends. A fun way to do something different during our night out, i.e. drink & play retro arcade games at a bar ;)Place was jammed packed on a Saturday night but still a cool spot. It would definitely be better on an off night. Has a ton of games from the 90's and some super old.  Two words: NBA Jam. HollaSo I've been here a million times to play games and drink, but I never ate anything, so I've held off for reviewing.  That all changed this weekend:
We went to barcade for St. Paddys day/ our friends birthday.  It wasn't that busy which is the greatest!  I got to play Ms. Pac Man a million times.  Being St. Paddy's day I decided to focus on Stouts, which they had plenty of.  All of them were thick and dark and festive.  
Then I got hungry!  I ordered the nacho's without the pork.  The bartender put them in wrong and they came out with pork, but she was really apologetic and quick to right the issue.  I'm a vegetarian so there wasn't much I could do with the pork.  I just felt bad wasting it.  The 2nd go round was much better.  They aren't your standard issue cheesy monstrosity, but they are quite large, and they do have a lot of cheese, and beans, and veggies.  It's just a different execution.  I can't explain it... but i enjoyed it!
After a few more stouts, and a devistating loss at Paper Boy, I went for the deviled eggs.  They were pretty solid as well... but my biggest beef is $4 for 1 1/2 eggs = ?!?!?.  I understand it takes some work to make them, but when it said 3 eggs, i was thinking 6 1/2s.  This was a pretty lame serving size.  After my boyfriend ate one, i was left wanting more, but 8 dollars in eggs made me feel uncomfortable.
A lot of my friends ordered sandwiches.  They came with pretzels which i always appreciate when coupled with beers.  They said their sandwiches were ok... fair... decent... nobody was raving, nor were they complaining.  It did the trick.
All in all, i love this place for their awesome beers and their amazing array of video games.  If you need a bite while you're there, they got you!  but I wouldn't head over just for the food.  Johnny Brenda's and Frankfrod Hall are just too close.Man to woman ratio is EXTREMELY high here, so guys, if you're looking to pick up a girl - this is not the place for you.  Unless it's me (I heart centipede... and donkey kong.... and tapper....  you see my point.)  Anyway, no one really seemed to mind that, as the beer list is good and there are video games to be played.  
I went on a weekend and despite the "line" that there was to get in (took like 2 minutes) it wasn't overly crowded.  After some of the reviews I had fears of lines, and rioting over who is next to play Ms. Pacman.  There are a FEW (3-5) games that have "lines" of 1-2 people.  
I am going to take it down a star from sheer awesomeness to a 4 star because of the slow bar service.  There seemed to be enough of them working, but they didn't really have a good system... or something.  Each time I went to get a beer I waited whatever was "too long" in my book at that moment.  This will get more annoying (and worth more stars!) as they stay open longer - but I have faith they'll figure it out.This place is really neat! You walk into the side entrance, and you enter a large warehouse type space with vintage lighting and decorations, but everything is done with such a light brush that it isn't campy or old fashioned.
The bar is a long wood piece that runs most of the left side of the bar and wraps around towards the bathrooms. There is a large craft beer list written on a chalk board above. Really good prices! These same beers would be several dollars more in my neightborhood!
In the back linned against the wall are classic coin operated video games. There was a ton of space behind where there were a few chairs and long bar tables, but you had a lot of room to watch your friends play!
The bartender seemed really didn't nice, but I didn't catch her name.
The food is why I'm giving this a 4 star and not 5. Someone bit into a pork slider and shouted, "WHAT KIND OF MEAT IS THIS?!?" Grimaced, and then passed it around the table for everyone to try. Tasted like cheap, overly refrozen food.
So this place is great for groups, especially if your friends are cool and into video games.
You should also read the book Ready, Player One by Ernest Cline. ITS AWESOME.Really fun concept - a bar with old video games. I was psyched to play T3 and other games. I was thrilled to find the prices were still the original ones. 
It was a bit crowded when we got there, but for the most part you could just wait a few minutes to get to any game you wanted to play. A few times people would plunk down a few dollars worth of coins and "claim" a game for way too long, but that wasn't the norm.
The pluses - no pressure to drink. I actually manged to sober up a bit here after Frankford Hall, so that was nice. Great assortment of games. A layout that actually made walking around the games doable. 
No so great - they don't take quarters, just tokens. This means, if you buy tokens you can only spend them there. 
Bad - A few of the games had broken controllers and no sign indicating that. Kind of sucks to pop in .50 to find you can't actually play. This was more than one game. 
I like that this is something different. If it was more crowded I could picture it not being fun, but for what it was (old video games in a bar), I had a great time.Staff was rude when we came in and basically screamed at us about our ID. Mind you this was my 35th birthday.Awesome place for birthdays. If you love American Freedom, Pizza, Old school videogames, and some beer with friends absolutely check it out. Try not to waste too much money on PAC-MAN.I didn't order food here so I can't vouch for it but the beer was good. The retro games they have a pretty fantastic. It's difficult to hate on great old games and beer together. Especially with a real lack of arcades anymore.You can drink good beers and play classic video games. If this review blew your mind, say, "Hell yeah!"Walking into the space, I immediately head to the bar. Menu is decent and I immediately stand behind someone standing at the bar ready to order. He's already been helped when a bartender asks him, and then the bartender doesn't even scan the bar and walks to the end of the bar.
I follow him like a shadow as he walks to the end of the bar, head down, fidgeting here and there. A full minute goes by before he even glances to scan the bar and I'm able to order. Oblivious to it all, there's no "Sorry" or even a "Thank you" after ordering my beer. 
A wonderful courtyard in the back to enjoy the weather. I finish my beer and I'm out of there.
As someone who works in the industry, embarrassingly poor service.This place had great food, we had the grilled cheese and hard boiled eggs.  Lots of seasonal and different beers on tap.  The games all worked and were fun games from when I was a kid.  The bathrooms were unisex which I think is awesome....There was no room left on Barcade's bike rack because every space had a fixtie parked in it.  This should have been a sign.
I thought the the point of being a hipster was being able to claim you got there before it was cool.  You know . . . like . . . I listened to such and such a band before they got big, while they were still the third listed band on a tuesday.  Now that everybody likes them, they suck.
So why then was Barcade so full last Saturday with a hipster crowd that I could barely move?  I don't get it, I thought that community borrowed from the Yogi Berra school of social scenes: "it's so busy, no one goes there any more."
Sure, the beer selection was good (if not trying too hard) and the arcade games (at least the ones that still worked) were fun and cheap, but I was more bothered by the fact that so many hipsters were crowed into one spot.  Their very presence made the place popular and, therefore, contradicted their own philosophy.   I'm surprised it didn't cause a black hole or something.definitely my favorite place to go on a monday night. the beer selection isn't the biggest i've ever seen, but they stock nothing but quality brews. on top of that, you can check the website, and it'll tell you what is on tap at that moment so you don't end up going their and realize they don't have anything you like.
the food isn't the best in the city, but i'm not one to order bar food when i can go get a great slice of pizza at almost any hour in the city.
the selection of games is pretty good. they have almost all of the classics you'd want to see. on top of that, they're all a quarter, which rules so hard. sometimes they don't work 100%, but what do you expect, they're old, and there's drunk people beating on them constantly.
i think my favorite part about the bar is the music. there's not a stupid dj putting on the crap you hear every 10 minutes on the radio, and there's no jukebox filled with crap you were sick of hearing 15 years ago. just a stereo that plays everything from radiohead to slayer, which is everything i could ever ask for. even better is that the music isn't super loud, so i can actually talk to someone without having to yell, which is why i hate going to most bars anywhere.
the bouncers are actually cool guys if you talk to them for a couple minutes. i see that some of their complains about them were "the bouncer looks super serious with his big jacket on and blah blah blah" dude was in the navy for 14 years, he likes to wear his field jacket because it's warmer than any jacket you own, so whatever, talk crap about the dude because you dont like his jacket. you're dumb. the other bouncer is just goofy and pretty cool. i like the staff.
most of the bartenders are pretty cool. i haven't dealt with all of them, so maybe some are jerks, i don't know. i've never had a bad experience with any of them. in fact, the one guy everyone keeps saying is a jerk, i asked him for a recommendation, and he poured 4 different shot glasses full of his recommendations, so maybe you just suck at he can sense it, and that's why he's a jerk to you.
i am yet to attend one of the beer nights there due to lack of interest in the brewery visiting, but i hear they are quite fun times
overall, i enjoy the place more than most bars, especially ones in fishtown,Great beer selection and a lot of fun games to play, but it would be way better if they had some skee ball and pinball machines."Barcade" = Bar + Arcade.  They have great beer options that change regularly, and 25¢ classic games that switch out from time to time as well.
Nowhere in Barcade's name does the word "food" appear, which must be why it's somewhat lackluster in that regard.  But I'm not going there to eat: I can't eat and play RAMPAGE at the same time (but I can totally multitask gameplay with drinking).
Gets a little Old City on Friday and Saturday nights, though.  Best to stop by in the afternoon.
Going to the Barbary for an all-ages show?  Make the trip two blocks over for a beer and a game or two between sets.  Perfect.I have been to Barcade a number of times because I am a nerd . I like the space which is basically an old warehouse with games and a bar. My issue is the game selection. Rampage , nba jam  and ninja turtles ( when it is not out of order ) are always being used as many of the others go untouched .Though I personally appreciate games like crystal castles there isn't much of a clientele for that sort of game . Barcade needs to add a few pinball machines ( universal monsters would be nice or twilight zone), a fighting game ( apart from punch out ) and rampage international . 
Beer selection is good. Staff is friendly . Prices aren't bad . They also host brewery nights which I like.M and I met a couple friends here for a birthday celebration and I was impressed by the size of the place. Even though it was fairly busy on a Saturday night, we easily found seating. I ordered a Dogfish Piercing Pilsner draft and didn't have to wait long to receive it. M got the mac and cheese pulled pork sandwich and I got to sneak a bite. It was delicious! I didn't order any food at the time, but I would definitely come back for a quick dinner one night. It also arrived surprisingly fast.
I love the game selection! There seems to be a good turnaround for empty machines, so you're never waiting too long to play a game. I happened to kick some serious butt in Tetris. I can't wait to come back and show off my skills!I was tricked into coming here by my husband with promises of Whack A Mole and Skeet Ball...Turns out this Bar/arcade only has old school video games. NO WHACK-A-MOLE. Oh well, I had to drown my sorrows in some pretty good beer options on tap. 
This place is chock full of hipsters. I may have been the only person there without glasses and skinny jeans. What do you expect with the location of this place though. 
Bartenders were pretty nice and quick to get you a drink. I thought their system of keeping BOTH my license and credit card to keep the tab open was really strange and made me a little nervous. It's one thing if I happen to forget my card, or it gets lost (hey things happen in bar.) It's a whole 'nother story if something were to happen to my license. (It would involve a trip back to my home state of CT and a whole day wasted at the DMV). It made me just a little nervous. I may be paranoid but whatevs. I will def. bring cash if I ever come back here. 
My husband's main reason for wanting to come here was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. He played a few nostalgic rounds and then remembered he was 30. 
It was a fun concept, it's just one I will never feel inclined to experience again.Just around the corner of the Piazza comes this unique find! BARCADE! Came here on a Wednesday night, and street parking was easy to find. Atmosphere was industrial, casual, and dim. Pretty open layout with tables and stools for getting groups together. Large bar with an extensive beer menu. Definitely a place to try some brews that are not your typical "lite" beers. 
Did a walkthrough of some of the arcade games, and there were so many! Double Dragon, Punch Out, Paper Boy, Tetris, and Arkanoid to name a few. So nostalgic!
No parking meters here, so grab a few friends for a friendly (or not?) competition, and put those quarters to use! I promise a good time!Play the Michael Jackson moonwalk game. There are also tables outside if gaming is not for you. Decent craft beer selection. Good place to tack on to a bar crawl.Moved to the city today and came to get tacos and beers. They were running an amazing special, $10 for 2 tacos, a beer and nachos. They had seitan for tacos and I just left the cheese off the nachos and was psyched that we found a place with games, great beer and cheap vegan food right nearby. Going back for sure.If you're a 90's baby, you'll love this place! The selection of games are really nostalgic, and the selection on tap is better then most. Food wise it's ok. Not bad but not great. 
The Korean BBQ and Mac & Cheese Pulled Pork Sandwichs were both good choices.I was here a few weeks ago, and had a blast. 
The drinks and food are reasonably priced but it really shines in the entertainment department. The food selection is a little lacking but the sandwiches my friend and I had were OK. The beer selection is quite good and varried. Like I said, the real reason for going here is the old school arcade games that take up the back half of the establishment. With just 2 of us $5 worth of quarters was enough to have plenty of fun for the evening.i got roofied here. lol not kidding.............. i have to keep writing because yelp won't let me post if it's too short.My first time to Barcade was a quiet happy hour with some co-workers. We practically had free range of all the games. 
Second time I came back was a bit more fun. My date and I were able to get seats at the bar, around 8, but quickly filled up. And as the people started packing in, it got pretty loud, but was still enjoyable. I was pleased with my Pale Ale choices as they had a good selection to choose from and the bartenders were attentive and fun to chat with. 
Get a pocket full of quarters and start kicking ass. One of my favorite games is Golden Axe.Pretty good beer selection. They also do a lot of themed tap nights and special tappings. (I first came for Winter Beer Night in January.) Games are alright - I wish there were more classics (or maybe even some 90s arcade games - TMNT anyone??) and PINBALL! I would be here every night if they had pinball! They serve food too - nothing serious, just quick bites/snacks - which is a bonus: I got a pretty rockin' quesadilla. 
Leave your quarters at home: They've got change machines!Casual spot for an easy meal and games. Weekends they offer $10 lunch specials including 2 tacos, a side, nachos and beer. Monday nights they have $1 tacos... can't beat that in the neighborhood. 60 games inside and 25 beers on tap. If you're looking for a cheap & quick spot this is your place.It's a cool spot with a good theme, drink beers and play some arcade games. It's basically built on what most guys did in high school in their parent's basement, but it's hard to argue that getting out and drinking in a public place isn't more fun.
The vibe here is pretty hipster and trendy, but casual nonetheless. What I really liked about this location, was they had a decent outdoor area where you can sit and get some fresh air. 
I do wish they had a better variety of breweries on tap. The night I was there, it was like 90% DarkHorse. Also, the neighborhood is definitely on the sketchier side, so I wouldn't go walking around alone. But all in all, this place is great, there really isn't much not to like.A fun place to go to enjoy a couple craft beers and kick it old school with some arcade games. My only knock is there should be a larger selections of games and possibly a waiter service when your in the middle of an intense game.I first discovered Barcade when going to The Barbary's weekly Tigerbeats parties.  At first, our routine was drinking the free PBR until it was gone and then going to Barcade to drink good beer.  
This place has amazing beer.  They have an excellent tap list at all times and it's always got great variety.  There are tap lists but you can also read them on the giant chalkboard.  Sometimes you have to be a bit patient, especially if you're on the ends of the bar because there's usually only one bartender.  Make sure you know what you want when they come over!
On the whole, the food here is really amazing!  The menu rotates and it's usually simple stuff like hummus or sandwiches that come with pretzels.  They also have homemade pickles that are the bomb.  Be wary of the specials, though!  The last time I was there I got a $1 meatball sandwich and it was obviously a culinary-experiment-turned-monster...they were probably the biggest 2 meatballs on a $1 sandwich that I ever had....but were also the most disgusting.  I ended up just eating the bread and cutting my losses.
This has been the perspective of Barcade from someone that doesn't play video games.Went on an empty Tuesday, waited 15 min for a  overpriced beer,played some games on machines that 1/2 work. I tried to get another beer and ...waited..........
Waited.........
Waited........
And left after waiting 20+ minutes.....beerless
I wanted to love Barcade,
I'll never go back.Went here on a Sunday afternoon which was perfect. It was empty when we arrived so no wait to play any game that we wanted. The beer selection is outstanding, a nice variety and the prices were all within reason. Chorizo quesadillas were fantastic although I'm a bit over the hipster wooden plank serving dishes that are everywhere. All in all the atmosphere was great. Don't think I'd go on a Friday or Saturday night though. By the time we left in the evening the place was getting pretty packed and it was a Sunday of a holiday weekend.They've got a great beer selection, with lots of local options on constant rotation. There's a good amount of space at and around the bar, and only a handful of games up front. Not many TVs for watching sports. The food menu isn't big, but it gets the job done. Most of the games work, and I'm pretty sure nothing costs more than 1 token. Most are classic standups, but there's usually a few tabletops, sitdowns, and 4-ways to mix it up.Barcade is tucked in the middle of Fishtown, dim lighting and perfect for a rainy day. Do not make the same mistake I did-$20 in tokens is just too much. They have a great beer selection, and an array of bottom shelf to titos. Pros: Atmosphere, actives and staff attentiveness. Cons: Hate that they do not let children in for the afternoon, I know they can be a pain but anyone with kids would gladly drink their worries away here, and they do not have skiiball. Favorite winter day-time and happy hour spot!I came here with the bf since his old classmate was visiting from Texas.  What a pain it was to get here since a lot of the roads were closed from construction.  We ended up going down some weird and creepy alley way that was blocked off.  But parking wasn't too bad when we got there.  
The front end of the place where the bar was is a bit tightly packed.  They did have a large variety of craft beers on tap.
The arcade selection is great and a lot of fun.  But the place is a bit dark and feels dirty.They seem to have a wide variety of games, but I wish they had more pinball machines.  The place is roomy and has a patio, which is nice.  Service is good, but I did not like that my credit card and i.d. card were taken without my permission and not returned.  The bartender rubber banded them together and put them away, without asking prior to my handing them to him, if that would be ok.  In response, I chose to close out my tab immediately to get my cards back.  I paid for my next transaction in cash.
Also, the next time I go there, I will eat elsewhere before going, as the food was quite bad.  Apart from that though, the service was friendly.Got $20 and tryna have a good old fashioned time? Well this little gem in Fishtown is the place to go! Just about 2 blocks above the El train, Barcade looks like it would be a hole in the wall night club but as soon as you step through the courtyard you're in for a treat. It's got beer and food options but like the name suggests it has a delightfully nostalgic arcade full of games from the 80s and 90s. There's two token machines (one in the front and one in the back) so you need not worry about filling your fanny pack with quarters! There's a 4 player pac man table in the front of the bar and needless to say that and Ms. Pac Man have the longest line but all and all it's worth it. Definitely going to be a frequent visitorLike some of my fellow beer and video game enthusiasts above, I feel compelled to write a review defending this place from the overly snooty individuals who have given it average/poor reviews. 
Simply put: This. Place. Is. Awesome!!!!!
It's got about 30 draft beers, a lot local, some not, most very high quality craft beers. Good food, about what youd expect, but a lot better than an average bar food. 
By the way, tuesdays are taco night, how can you go wrong there? Answer: You can not. Respect the taco. Street style tacos, good pork or beef and a sirracha sauce. Score. 
That all said, the real gem of this place is the games. If you're older (30+) or appreciate the older games (1980-1990's) these games are awesome. They have old titles like Crystal Palace, Donkey Kong, Frogger, Joust, Asteroids Deluxe (with a hologram screen!!!)  and so so many more. My wife has a new nemesis in the game Burger Time...Way harder than you'd think it'd be...Anyway, I digress. Did I mention the games are only 25 cents??? Yep. Everything is a quarter to play, just like the old days. Good times, there. 
Atmoshere: Kind of dark, a little grubby, but feels like what a bar/arcade ought to be. Noisy, cheerful and relaxed. 
Service: Good the first time we were there. 
Food: Good, the real thing to come here for is the beer. 
Overall: I'd go back. In fact, we're going back in just a few minutes. We have family in town and are taking them for a few brews and a few games of Ninja Turtles. Don't judge us....This is a great place to spend about an hour when a friend comes to town. They have craft beers and $0.25 arcade games. But the fun wears off after a couple of dollars worth of gaming.
Still, it's a great place to start the night.Look. there are some bad reviews for this place, but they are bogus. My wife and I were there for a few hours on a sat. afternoon, and shawn the bartender was as friendly as they come. We will be back soon for sure. He was happy to let us try beer as much as we wanted and he was passionate about craft beer. Food was good and definitely some nostalgia there with the arcade games. excellent experience.How can anyone NOT give this place a 5/5? DO YOU LIKE PACMAN? DONKEY KONG? NINJA TURTLES? X-MEN? EVER WONDER WHY MICHAEL JACKSON HAS AN ARCADE GAME? WHAT KIND OF POWERS DOES MJ HAVE IN HIS ARCADE?!?! COME TO BARCADE AND FIND OUT! 
I grew up in the 90's. If you did then you can appreciate this place. Remember the days when your parents took you to the arcade/ movie theater/ bowling ally and you spent your money trying to see how far you could get in X-men the Arcade? Dibs on Wolverine. 
Now you can live that experience again at the age of 28. Grab a gaggle of friends. Enjoy some beers. And play 25 cent arcade games. Its like you never left 1997... and you probably still don't know how to talk to girls. Nothing has changed. 
The beer selection is superb. It's very unique. It covers all the bases, all the IPA's, seasonal, Pale ales, etc, and the prices are reasonable. Make sure to pick up some merch on the way out. Their tee shirts are nostalgic and made by American Apparel, great quality. Barcade adds games constantly. They also added seating in the center of the game room, it's perfect for bigger parties. The deck in the back is a plus too. Enjoy. 
And remember if you're complaining about this place for one reason or another: it's because you don't realize how much it costs to fix 25 year old arcades that are not made anymore. I'll glaldy pay for a pricey beer knowing that there is a place in the great city of Philadelphia with an original Terminator Judgement day arcade system.GAMER NERD NIRVANA !! This is definitely a hidden treasure of a place! Love love love all the beers on tap, and having 25 cent old fashioned video arcade games to boot is a definite plus!  I would go here just to eat though!  I tried the hummus and pita bread ($4), which was sooooooooooo tasty, and had the mac n cheese pulled pork sandwich ($8 i think) which was Oh mah god good!   Good mix of funky people, which I always like! Will definitely go back here again, or stop to eat there on the way to the Sugarhouse casino (which is right near this place). Would have given 5 stars, but parking in that area is kinda a bitch. Watch for 2 hour parking signs, because parking authority was rampid through there!Barcade is a lot of fun.  It has a ton of old arcade games, including a lot of 80s classics.  They have one of the best beer lists in town, including a very extensive (and frequently updated) offering of craft brews.  It has a cool look inside: dark wood, exposed brick, etc.  There's seating, but also open floor space for those who come as big groups and want to mix and mingle.  There's a definite hipster vibe, but not in a way that makes it uncomfortable for people who aren't part of that crowd.
The staff is fairly efficient.  The wait is never unreasonably long (relative to the size of the crowd).  Most of the time, they're friendly and helpful, though, every once in a while, they have a night where they're not feeling so friendly.
Barcade can get pretty crowded, so you might not be able to stake out that much personal space at peak bar-time on weekends. A number of other reviewers complained about the prices.  I don't think that they charge an unheard-of amount for what you get, but most of their beers are expensive beers, and they're not selling anything at bargain prices... Don't expect to find a $2 drink option. 
Overall, Barcade is a fun place, especially for lovers of arcade games... Or beer.All I can say is.. BARCADE is BANANAS!! I have been looking for a place that combines good beer with a good time and boy did I find it! I meant to be here for an hour with my peeps but I ended up staying for 5! I love the old arcade games.. they have everything! Donkey Kong, Asteroids, Tempest.. YOU NAME IT THEY GOT IT!
I suggest everyone go there.. even your mama ;)2.5 Stars. I thought I'd like this place, especially after visiting the one in Jersey City earlier this summer. I won't compare the two (which is difficult), but I was just not overly impressed. The location in Northern Liberties makes you question why you're even there. I could've sworn I was not even in the right area until I finally stumbled upon it.
However, Barcade is definitely spacious, but almost too much so. I noticed a separate outside seating area as well. The good news is they had some decent beers on tap and I went with a new fall seasonal.
As far as the classic arcade games, I enjoyed dropping some quarters into Arkanoid, Tetris, Ms. Pac Man and Donkey Kong. But, some of the limited game selections either didn't work or weren't plugged in, which was disappointing
Needless to say I didn't stay long. With so many other better places to go in the surrounding area, I probably don't see myself coming back anytime soon.This place has a lot of awesome stuff going on. It's in a neighborhood that could use some fixing up, but finds a way to pull in a good crowd. The beers on tap are all craft brews, there are no televisions - and then you step into the game room.
Has anyone seen the movie "King of Kong" before? Well, this is the bar where all the guys in that movie would hang out if they were beer drinking types. This place has almost all of the best arcade games of yesteryear - Tetris, Donkey Kong, old school Mario Bros, Paperboy, Rampage, Arkanoid, and the list goes on. Moreover, there's a chalkboard overhead listing the house's top scores, and according to the Donkey Kong score, there are some serious gamers who've been through their doors.
Bonus! This girl - http://www.flickr.com/photos/barcadephiladelphia/6261569482/in/photostream - was our bartender, and she's awesome. Great service makes regulars, and I bet she has plenty.They have great games (Ms. Pacman!) and though a few were out of working order the night I went, it was still a great selection and tokens were pretty cheap (25 cents per token).
Happy hour wasn't the best deal I've seen, which was just a $1 off well wine and beers, but the wine was pretty good. Also got whiskey gingers, and dark and stormies which were both great. Made the dark and stormy with Kraken and ginger beer which was delicious! Had a great night.Dark warehouse type setting, similar to its Brooklyn progenitor.  Good beer selection if overpriced by a buck or two.  We opted for cocktails.  Good selection of old school games you can play for a quarter.  I forgot how hard Burger Time is!  It gets points for being a unique Philly bar experience.I come here mostly for the arcade part of barcade, so I can't speak to the tacos or any cocktails, but this place is ideal for a beer and some games. I would recommend going here with a smaller group as it gets very crowded and easy to lose track of people as they are all playing different games. It's easy to get swept up in the games so I'd recommend bringing a set amount of cash to exchange for coins or you could easily spend a lot of money here. If you have a lot of pride in your game and you like having the high score for a game i would also keep in mind that they reset high scores daily, so you will lose your high score status come morning. I loved coming here for a night out, no crazy prices and all the classic arcade games you'd want! Definitely a great place for a unique Philly night out!Barcade is a fun novelty bar.  If you are looking to kill a an hour or two by drinking and playing retro arcade games, then I'd highly recommend it.
They had a good selection of fancy beers, however, something doesn't sit right about a Philly bar that doesn't serve Yuengling.
Finally, I understand that Barcade is going for a retro theme with its choice of arcade games, but I think a few classic 90s games wouldn't hurt (ie Simpsons, X-men, Ninja Turtles).Big space, good beer list, and a good place for a fun time.
The beers might be a little overpriced, but all the games are a quarter, so it all evens out.The games were enjoyable, if nothing to write home about. What truly made the experience unforgettable was the pallid, toadlike face of our bartender. She was extremely rude throughout our time there, seeming more interested in talking to her tattooed and mustachioed friends than she was actually tending bar. Even my significant other's best attempts at making nice were met with curt replies and grunts of recognition. The highlight of our stay was when I put a dollar into the change machine and got four quarters, the merry tinkling of coins being more personable than the entire two-hour interaction with the bartender. All in all, they had an excellent selection of drafts and nostalgia-inducing arcade games, but the service means I am unlikely to return in the near future. A shame.The first time I went to Barcade was about a month after they opened. It was a Friday night, I was with friends meeting more friends. We arrived to find a short line to get in which confused me. But after a few minutes in we went. They have a lot of games, most of which I have never heard of because arcades were not places I was allowed as a child. I happily got a beer and hung out while my friends tried to wait in line for the games. It was a busy night and I didn't really enjoy myself but the beer and company were good. 
Recently I went back with my boyfriend on a hot Sunday afternoon. We had heard they had a rare Rogue beer on draft I wanted to try so I figured it was worth a shot. The place was empty. There were a total of 4 other guests while we were there. I was able to play tetris and he played several he remembered from childhood. Their beer list is very good, and the pricing seems fair. It is a great place to escape the sun in the summer and we will probably be back. 
I do wish they had instruction manuals so that lame sheltered children like myself had a chance to learn how to play their games. But at least they have tetris, which I can handle.I've been here a few times and the beer selection is great. The games are fun, but with all old machines they can eat your quarters. The most popular games are always being played. This bar has good which is a plus, but it can take forever to get your food. You're also near Johnny Brenda's and frankford hall.My thoughts as I approached Barcade around 9pm on Friday night were: I hope it's not super crowded and I hope it's not a total douche-fest. Luckily it wasn't too packed and the crowd was pretty low key.  They have a really extensive beer list and prices are comparable to other bars in the area.  Conveniently, there are menus on the bar giving detailed descriptions of each beer along with the alcohol percentages.  We chose an Allagash with 9% alcohol (more bang for your buck!) and made our way over to some seats along the wall. 
I really like the overall look and feel of the place.  Very dark/warehouse-ey, although I thought it would be bigger. I like that there is an outside smoking area and you can bring your drinks.  I don't really smoke, but it's still nice to have the option. Each game had a line of people waiting to play, so we avoided the games.  We were pretty content to sit against the wall and people watch, but then....
....I was the asshole who dropped my beer glass.  
As I was pulling my purse towards me off the ledge, it caught my beer glass along the way and sent it flying to the ground with a loud shatter. I stood there looking around helplessly but not to worry, within about 30 seconds a bartender was on it with a dustpan and a broom.  He was very nice about it, but I was pretty embarrassed so we quickly left.where else can you go to grab a glass of delicious beer and play arcades? it's best to come here during weeknights instead of weekends because it gets pretty packed which is no fun. i give it a 4 star just because of the beer and arcades being greatly available on weeknights...
but weekends, nah. and those bathrooms need to be.. CLEANED. nasty shit.Great bar if you want a chill time playing old school games with some drinks. The drink prices can range around $5+ to 7 for draft beers. They are usually craft or local brews, so a regular Miller or Budlight is not the preferred drink of choice here. The game machines regular their own tokens and don't take quarters , so bring some singles. 
The game room can get crowded on the weekends and quite hot. The bar, itself, is quite small without much room to move around. If my friends were going, I would go with them but I wouldn't willingly choose to go here.This place did not impress me at all. While I thought it seemed like a good idea, (I mean, who doesn't want to play childhood video games with a beer close by), it didn't really work out. It was super crowded and the bartenders were not the friendliest, it took me 20 minutes just to get a drink. I have no desire to ever go here again.This place is really cool. I'm all about video games.. and I used to play half these games on old school 1984 NES system. Omg I'm getting chills thinking about it...
25 cent games in the year 2013? yes fucking please!
I played the SHIT out of Joust, Donkey Kong, .. some awesome game that is JUST like streets of rage on sega, and the original super mario brothers. I almost cried.
I woulda played more, they had TRON too. But I was getting motion sickness... not bc they're systems are bad. Probably because I'm getting old.. :( 
But I'm in love with this concept. Good beer on draft + friendly personel + 25 CENT VIDEO GAMES = I am happy
I will be back for sureeeNO WAY this place only gets 3 and a half stars. 
The beer selection's great with a fantastic selection of local craft brews. And seriously, downing some Founder's brews while strangers cheer you on as you advance in levels on Magic Sword is a night that cannot be beat. 
Also, great for a date night if you're not with someone high-maintenance.Hipsterville, PA.  Play your 1980's video games (I LOVED the fact that I could play TRON), drink some PBR's and overpriced liquor.
It's pretty awesome if you can handle that much flannel.Thanks Yelp, for always being there to find what I'm lookin' for. Case in point, the stumbling upon this here Barcade when in need of time-killing a few weeks ago after gambling and before dinner. I had heard there was one in Philly, but wasn't sure I'd ever end up locating it. Consider that mission complete with a return trip possible. 
Let's just make sure we're on the same page. Barcade, if you haven't had the pleasure of experiencing one, is the offspring of a bar and arcade (maybe the name gave it away). You'll usually find great craft beer, perhaps a little grub, and of course a ton of vintage arcade fun.
Barcades tend to have a semi-inconspicuous exterior and that applies to this location, for the most part (besides the giant logo on the side of the building). Come from the opposite direction and you'll see a brick frame, black metal-grated windows, and just a tiny lit up sign to let you know you've arrived. Welcome to Barcade, Philly style!
Inside gives off a warehouse look with glowing neon brewery signs. It's a hoppin' place, especially with those delightful arcade noises hitting your ear drums. At this spot, the selection of games was pretty stellar, holding almost every well-known classic (Galaga, Centipede, Dig-Dug, Joust, etc.) and a handful of other fun ones you might recognize. Nothing was out of order and the machines were working nicely which made it easier to spend those cool Barcade coins. 
Beyond games, I can't really speak for any food, but the brew selection was rockin', pulling craft choices from all over the state and region. The tiny shelves between arcade games makes it easy to button mash and then grab a mouthful of beer.
Overall, this Barcade in the city of brotherly love is a spacious, well kept spot to sip some suds and relive the glory days of the arcade life. When in Philly, I plan on coming back to this spot to do just that, and to reclaim the high score on Mrs. Pacman.I'm down with the Barcade. It's a really decent spot with 25c games, a great taplist (though it could stand to be updated more frequently/offer descriptions/pour size sometimes), and solid food offerings if you happen to stop by for a meal. Like the other establishments popping up within a stone's throw of Frankford and Girard, its location has automatically garnered a lot of teeny-boppish attention and thus rendered it deafening and sweltering at peak times. (Recently overheard at a tap takeover event: "OMG, there are, like, no IPAs? What the hell. I only drink IPAs. How am I supposed to know what these other frickin beers when they don't say IPA next to them, man? I'm not going to drink it unless I know it's specifically an IPA.") 
...But Barcade can't be faulted for that. This place would survive even in a less hip area, because we don't have anything else like it. It's not my go-to destination for regular drinking, but it's a novelty spot to play a few games and then tip over into into a trolley track on the bike ride home. The outdoor area is also really pleasant for warm weather boozing. Basically: 3 stars +1 for the fact that we don't really have anywhere else to play pac-man 'round these parts.I give this place 3 stars because it is a 5-star bar/funzone with 1-star food.
I mean, REALLY bad food.  Really bad.  My boyfriend and I got a plate of nachos, a grilled cheese with tomato soup, and a tofu banh mi.  I put in my order confidently because I figured that this place is new and trendy and I mean when a place has a tofu banh mi on their menu I kind of feel like they should be legit.  
Anyway, the food came, and it couldn't be grosser.  Expecting normal-style nachos with melted cheese, beans and sour cream, we were instead greeted with that horrifying plastic nacho sauce that they use in movie theaters glooped over some Tostitos, with canned diced tomatoes and some chopped onions sprinkled on top.  
It was bad. 
Then the main courses came and I can't even explain to you what they were doing here because it was blowing my mind.  They took normal Stroehmann's lunch bread, toasted it, put a very conservative layer of uncooked carrots and tofu between the slices, added a schmear of Asian-style sauce, and called it a banh mi.  Because it was built like a child's school lunch, and either way banh mi's tend to have pretty dry ingredients, all of the contents fell out of the sandwich as soon as I picked it up, and I basically just threw my hands up and was like "screw this I'm not even hungry!".
The grilled cheese was also gross, but not as bad as the banh mi. It too seemed to be built out of Stroehmann's but with more butter and cheese so it tasted more like food.  The tomato soup was the least gross out of everything, but that's probably because I spent a lot of my childhood voluntarily eating Campbell's tomato soup extended with water.
BOTTOM LINE:  The games are fun and this place has a great beer selection, so definitely go for a fun arcade experience where you can play Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and nobody will call you old and creepy.  And they have a great craft beer selection that's a definite for any cultured beer or cider drinker.  But seriously, be forewarned: DO NOT get any of their food.  You will pay normal prices for pure and utter crap.As several have already pointed out. There is a serious lack of ladies at Barcade.
It's pretty much 80% dudes, and then 20% dues + their GFs.... Greaattt.. I guess I will need to go back to Ladder 15 to go see 'da ladies... However hilarious that most of these reviews are written by women...... #i'mjustsayin'
The games are nicely done. I have been here earlier in the night before it gets crowded and its more fun. No waiting to play games... You can hear the noises from the games.
The craft beer selection is very extensive and I appreciate that. However, sometimes I want something a little lighter...... Yes, I that means I am asking for Bud Light on the menu. Sorry Hipsters.
Actually -- Not Sorry !!This place is definitely a little hipster for me, but I love it!  It has a total "warehouse" look and feel and, of course, OLD SCHOOL VIDEO GAMES!  But the part I love most about this place is the always phenomenal beer selection!  Once or twice per month, Barcade does a "tap takeover" where they feature a bunch of a specific brewery's beers.  They offer a small food menu -- mostly picky stuff -- but perfect if you're just looking for a snack and not a complete meal.I appreciate the attention to detail with their mixed drinks and the prices are super reaosnable. I had a fun time kicking my fiance's butt at Mortal Kombat and I think this would be a great place to go out with a group of friends. 
It's a little on the loud side because of the game noises, but who cares?A really laid back place that knows a lot about the beer they are serving. Great food. Mondays are my favorite because of the tacos; on top of everything 25 cent  arcade games, cant beat it.Barcade is a cool spot! The drinks seemed a bit pricey but I did enjoy my cocktail.  I went on a saturday and it was packed as expected. The arcade games are pretty fun. I appreciated the little outdoor patio space...the atmosphere inside can get a little suffocating.Gleefully nostalgic concept bar for those that actually went to arcades in their youth and are intimately familiar with words like Commodore, Atari, joystick and know from low resolution graphics and less than stellar sound effects.  How can you appreciate what you have today if you didn't start somewhere and worked your way up from the original Nintendo to today's Wii?  Comparisons must be made! But I digress.
Solid beer menu.  Interesting and varied picks on drafts.  Dark and dim barn-like interior with graffiti unisex bathrooms that could already stand some retooling (a simple flushing mechanism and door locks that work would be nice)  Sizeable outdoor space adjacent to the bar with wooden benches.  
Weird (maybe throwback?) table and game system set-up (could stand to be re-configured, though, so much space so poorly utilized ) though, I must note the very thoughtful addition of shelves for your bevvies between game stations (but not all - add more, please!)
The place that brands itself a Barcade could stand to have more of a selection of games and more of the popular game systems, but having good ol' Mario Brothers, Popeye, Frogger, Donkey Kong, Tetris (dual players) on standby and costing a quarter a pop (as it should be!!) made me smile.
Nice break from your run of the mill bar joints and a nice part of the Frankford Bar Tour Route. Beer and a couple games at Barcade, then beer and grub (maybe a show upstairs?) at Johnny Brenda's, then more beer around the campfire, some grub and a ping pong match to round it off at Frankford Hall.This was a stop on my bachelor party bar tour... Perfect joint to chill and have some drinks (both beer and liquor drinkers were pleased). I was never much of a video gamer, but I definitely enjoyed the nostalgia of playing 4 player ninja turtles with my buddies- and it was dirt cheap to play. Really dug the brick interior with exposed beams. Great overall vibe.One of the best beer selections in the city and all the best 80s arcade games for just a quarter. How can you not love this place? I've eaten here once and the food was good too.Barcade is a blast.  Good beer selection and good vibe (has a "dive" feel, but not in a dirty way).  There is a nice variety of old-school games.  Great option for when you want to get a drink, but feel like doing something a little different.I had to go full monty on the star count despite a few flaws with this establishment.  Here is why:
they have little tables between the arcade machines to place your beers.  This seems like a minor thing, but just imagine if people were spilling their beer all over the arkanoid joystick, or if you had to leave the smash TV console for a second to swig your ale.
I thought about bumping a star off there because there is no cheap beer here and it is tough to have it be a quarter only visit when the beers are $5 or more (wear suspenders).  
If I were them, I would have a $3 PBR pounder and give away free beers to anyone that beats Golden Axe (because you know they just invested a good $10 in your arcade machine).
Also if I were them, I would have the bartenders dress like the Mario brothersGood beer list with tons of quality $5 and $6 Pennsylvania micro-brews on tap.  I love 80s arcade games (and at 80s arcade prices!) and enjoyed the selection but was sad that there was no Pole Position and no Ladybug, which are two of my favorites from the day.  Usually ample parking is available since it is basically near nothing.
A little dirty and dark, but a fun joint.Great place to go with friends! I went a few weeks ago late on a Friday night after going to Frankford Hall. It was full of people, but not too packed or loud. The video games are super cute and there's a good sitting area outside in the back. There's a great beer list and the well drinks are well-priced ($5, I think?). I would definitely come back!I had low expectations coming here to begin with, but this by far has to be one of the WORST bars I've ever been to in Philly. The bartender service was TERRIBLE. (I had an older blonde girl and a guy with a man bun who hadn't showered in 3 weeks (approximately)) the food was DISGUSTING. I thought for such a tiny menu they would have perfected their kitchen craft.. I was terribly mistaken. The restrooms were smelly, and their sanitary dispense machines were tiny resealable buckets on the ground. The idea that this bar has with the arcade is absolutely awesome, but the way the rest of this facility is run is -5 stars. Even the machines eat your money (happened to me three times while here in one visit, won't be returning) it's a shame when such a great idea is stifled by such a terrible atmosphere. Needless to say I WILL NOT be recommending this to my friends.As a kid, I was never much into arcades and video games.  But, my husband, a lover of video games, was like a kid in a candy shop as soon as we walked through the door.  Within 5 minutes he had already found the change machine and took a position at a game.  I played one game, but that was my quota for the night.  I guess some things never change.
Aside from the games (which are pretty sweet if you're into that sort of thing), the beer list is quite stellar.  Lots of seasonal and local brews.  The food is pretty decent too.  We tried the sriacha deviled eggs and they were tasty little things.  For dinner, I had the chicken waffle sandwich, which was good, but would be even better if the chicken didn't resemble lunch meat chicken.  
Would I travel across town to go back to Barcade? Probably not.  But it's a good place to go if you're in the area.One of the coolest bars I been to in a long time! Love that this bar has old school arcade games! They are still a quarter to play so you don't waste to much money! They have centipede, ninja turtles, Tetris, PAC man and much more! It is also pretty spacious.Great place for a laid back night with friends or a date. The games are fun and the beer selection is excellent. There's a nice courtyard where you can sit and chat. Their food is pretty solid too. I've had sandwiches and tacos here - not the best I've had but definitely satisfying. The bartenders are always friendly and willing to chat too.
Their selection of games is fun: Double Dragon, Rampage, Smash TV, and Tetris, to name a few. Sometimes the games will eat your money or a joystick or button won't work, but that's kind of expected with these old machines. They could put signs up, though, so you don't waste your money.The games are fun, albeit sometimes overcrowded. Fantastic selection of beer, but the best part
25 cent games!Great tacos and quesadilla - vast beer list and outstanding ambiance.  Staff very friendly and helpful!Would have given it 5 stars but they need a better food menu. The beer they have is awesome and it's a cool idea to put arcade games from the 80's that everyone loves in a place and serve beer and food.Imagine a place where you have food, beer, friends, and video games.  Sounds pretty great, right?  Now imagine that same place, except you cannot hear, or move.  You are drowning, not in drink, which you cannot receive, but in people that you cannot even talk to.  You are in a kind of hell.  
That little bit of hyperbole should explain why what should be a great place is instead something to be avoided.  Barcade is neat!  The food and drink is worthwhile, and the games are good.  But it's hard to enjoy any of that when the music is pumped so loud you can' hear the person next to you, and you need earplugs to stave a headache.  And it does get insanely crowded.  Shoulder-to-shoulder congestion is not an exaggeration.  
It's very popular for a reason, and Barcade cannot be to blame for getting crowded.  Avoid peak times, and that is no problem!  But if they would stop trying to pump out concert-volume music, the atmosphere would quickly go from "avoid" to "invite your friends".I went here after an afternoon at go vertical rock climbing gym.  It's a few minute walking distance.
I came on a Monday so there was $1 pork tacos.  Nothing fancy but an easy/cheap way to satisfy your appetite with a cocktail.
I didn't play any of the arcade games but there seemed to be plenty of retro games, if interested.
Coming on a Monday, it was pretty empty so it was a nice place to chat with a few friendly faces.
Definitely worth checking out if you you're looking for a different bar scene.Wonderful draft list, some interesting food options (pickled hop shoots?!?), but DO NOT try and go here on a Friday or Saturday night because it will be over-run with tools.Sweet Tap dancing Jesus of Nazareth! It's as if my childhood wishes were granted by my over hyped and underwhelming sense of beer snobbery. The only thing that truly goes with craft beer is late 80's and early 90's arcade games. 
Barcade was one of the coolest bars I have ever seen. I was enamored with the Ghouls and Goblins, mike Tyson's punch out, Tempest, Joust, and golden axe! Craft beer, and games of our youth. Back up grandpa, your looking at the new 'greatest generation'!
If you haven't read the book 'Ready Player One' by Ernest Cline yet, chances are outright just meet him at this bar. He'll probably be able to breakdown the plot for you in between the loading screens on gauntlet. 
I had the earths cookie apron, its toffee and roast coffee notes helped me fully enjoy the low humming glow of Operation Wolf. The beer however, lasted much longer than I did when I dropped my quarters into the old slots of my youth.
 When I come back to Phili, and come back I shall, I will be coming to Barcade again.Clearly the time to visit Barcade is on a Monday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend. say around 3pm. Crowded- not at all :) As I drank my deliciously ice cold beer on a sweltering Monday holiday and thanked the holiday gods for not having to work I enjoyed a little trip down memory lane. Not to date myself, but my first gaming system was Atari and Intellivision so Barcade was right up my alley. Needless to say I'm a fan. Perhaps on a crowded Friday night I would be singing a different tune, but this was the perfect cure for a Monday..Came here on a Wednesday night with a group of friends, and we all had a great time!  First off, the place is really easy to find, and parking is even easier!  I've heard it gets quite crowded on the weekend (like line out the door of a popular dance club on a Saturday night crowded), but it was generally a smaller but interesting crowd that night.  I was able to order my drinks and food very quickly, and most importantly, I got to play every classic arcade game I wanted to play without having to wait half an hour to do so.
The beer selection is great! Who doesn't love trying new beers that have really cool names?  $5-6 for some choice microbrews (all on tap!) - can't really complain.  However, the only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars is because it was a little on the pricey side, and they offered no cheap alternative beers (at least none that I was aware of). The bartenders were friendly and very attentive!  When I asked one of them what his favorite sandwich was that they served, without hesitation he said, "the duck sandwich" (Smoked Duck Breast with Shallot Pear Jam and Blue Cheese - $9).  I was definitely thinking about getting this before I asked, so this just reinforced my cravings.  A couple of my friends got the grilled 3-cheese on sourdough, and my one friend loved their sriracha deviled eggs so much, he ordered 2 orders back to back, and was heavily contemplating a third order (1 order = 3 deviled eggs for $3).  From what I gathered, everyone really enjoyed their food, adding to the great experience we all had!
I definitely plan on coming back again soon, and this time, I'll be bringing my jug of quarters...I honestly could play Rampage, Golden Axe, or Double Dragon for hours.I work down the street at the fillmore and every chance I get I visit this place. The staff is super friendly and helpful. The games are awesome and reasonable priced. Just like any bar on a Friday or Saturday night it is packed but the staff still goes out of their way to be helpful. And awesome and ever changing beer selection with killer food as well. If you're in the fishtown area and looking for something to do check this place out.So my experience at Barcade is a tale of two cities....depending on when you go, you will find a totally different scene. 
I went on a saturday night and barcade was POPPIN. a little too poppin for my taste. It was so loud and crowded that my throat hurt after talking and lines were long so you couldnt even fully enjoy the wide range of arcade games. 
BUT, then we had the genius idea to go on a sunday afternoon. This is when barcade seems to be at its best, for a number of reasons. First off, it is not at capacity and so you can carry on a conversation, sample new and interesting games, and even sit down. Secondly, they have a sunday lunch special: $10 for a sandwich, chips, and beer. And, as we know, they have a great and reasonably priced tap list (made that way because some beers are only 10 oz pours, but thats cool with me) And the sandwiches were really good to boot! We sampled the short rib with carmelized onions and the pork with diced pickles (tart, briney pickles....not those gelatinous things you get on a happy meal hamburger). 
My sunday afternoon experience was an unequivocal 5 stars.....but because of the saturday meh-ness its only getting 4If I could, I would better define the rating to say "the food sucked" but the beer and classic arcade games (for 25 cents each play) gives this place a 4 star rating.  Come thirsty but not hungry.  I think my Cuban sandwich came off of the kitchen floor.My favorite bar in Fishtown. It's awesome for a chill night out. It's not too loud so you can actually hold a conversation with friends. The retro games are awesome but on busy nights prepare to wait in line. I like the no smoking rule so that you can actually enjoy yourself on the outside patio parts.If you are an arcade machine and beer enthusiast, this might become your favorite bar.  Amazing and diverse beer selection.  Arcade machines are mostly 80's fare with some newer games thrown in, as well.  Most games are only 25 cents to play, and the condition of the machines is fantastic, overall.  You can tell these guys care about their games, and it shows.  I visit frequently, and it seems as the games are constantly being updated, which is awesome.  Crowd-wise, it is busier on the weekends, so if you want to get some solid playtime in with little wait definitely hit it during the week.  Always a great time at Barcade, a true gem in Fishtown.Hands down the best beer bar in the city. So good that Sixpoint, Victory, and Harpoon are all churning out specialty brews just for the bar. I've been to the Brooklyn location (the original) but I have to say that this one is superior.
One of the reasons is that, unlike the Brooklyn location, they serve food here. Contrary to some of the other reviews, Barcade has pretty good food. The mac & cheese with pulled pork panini was excellent, as was the Koran steak sandwich and the portobello sandwich (they smoked the cheese out back in an outdoor smoker). The nachos were great, too. I don't know what Rebecca C. is talking about. "Horrifying plastic nacho sauce that they use in movie theaters"? They use a house made beer and cheese sauce and fresh, crumbled queso fresco.
Go there on Mondays to grab some $1 pork tacos. Just beware that this place can get pretty crowded on the weekends.WARNING: This place will give you the nostalgia boner of the century. All of the arcade classics are lined up here--waiting for you to have a solid drunk cry over your golden childhood days. 
I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and we had an absolute blast. There are a lot of seats available; this is very helpful for loafing around while you wait for your favorite game to become available!
The bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive! They did a pretty impressive job of maintaining the huge crowd. In honor of my friend's birthday, we even had a free round of shots, on the house.
My only complaint is that the bathrooms are absolutely disgusting. At least two sinks were filled with puke by the end of the night. I didn't even want to risk it before we left. A little more maintenance in that regard would be nice! 
Other than that, this place is 90's kid awesome.ARCADE & BAR in one? COOL CONCEPT... when i say arcades at the bar i mean a lot of arcade games, not just one or two machines (were talking a whole room full) PLUS each game only costs 25 cents!
interesting mix of people at this bar... You'll find everything from nerdy to hipster BUT who can deny a game of frogger, mrs pacman, or tetris?
wish they had more racing games, i only noticed one racing sega game!Beer: great selection, pricey but about the same price you'd pay in any similar beer situation
Arcade: excellent. It's great to have something different to do on a night out. Fave games so far include "paperboy" (you have to deliver papers!) "crystal castles" (you're a knockoff winnie-the-pooh who rolls a ball around and avoids monsters) and Joust (fly around on a pegasus and bump into your opponent)
Overall, Barcade is a good night out in my experience, EXCEPT for **the food**, which is absolutely terrible.
it's like, nothing was seasoned enough, to begin with. my pork tacos were just a load of bland, unseasoned pulled pork with some meh tomatillo salsa. the server left sriracha but no other condiments or salt/pepper, so I doused my tacos with the chile sauce to make them sort-of tolerable.
my friend got tomato basil soup, which she said was average.
my girlfriend got a vegetable cheese grilled sandwich, which also was sort of bland and included some tough vegetables--okra and others, which were not pleasant to eat. she ended up leaving one completely inedible tough piece on her plate
the plates themselves were pretty cool, stainless steel bowl-type deals, but the food in them was terrible and everything was on a bed of arugula, which was dumb. the food was also pretty overpriced. 
in dunno, some cheap fries and wings or something would have done the job for me in this place, instead of this bland hipster nonsense. I may return for the beer and games but I'll never order food here again.Keep an eye on you credit card charges when you go here!  I really wanted to like this place but it was overpriced, there were lines for the games and after a few days, I checked my online banking and realized the bartenders charged my card for $10 more than the cc slip that I signed!  Sneaky bartenders, be careful.I went here last night for the first time with my boyfriend. I'm really apprehensive of trendy places like this, as they are usually overrun with hipsters and servers/bartenders that are shitty to you if you're not as hipster-chic as them.
I couldn't have been more wrong about this place.
We got off to a shaky start, but we weren't familiar with how things were run and it was 8pm on a Friday. needless to say it was a little busy. NOTE: There are no servers. To order food, go to the bar and order. Your bartender can give you a menu. 
We ended up sitting at the bar and got food and beer menus. Our bartender (Pauly??) was AWESOME. Really funny and helpful and friendly. To the person who wrote the review with "BEWARE: THE WORLD'S DOUCHIEST BARTENDER WORKS HERE! ", I don't know if you maybe got him on an off night or maybe you were a douche to him first or what, but posting a picture was super rude, no matter what. 
The food was incredible. I got the duck sandwich and my boyfriend got the pork. The bread was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The meat was flavorful and the cheese was a perfect accompaniment to the meat. I love that everything is brought in from local sources also (up to and including the pretzels). If I heard correctly the farthest away food is brought from is a few hours outside of Philly.
The beer IS expensive, but as many people have said, this is craft beer. If you want cheap PBR (which I also love), there are a ton of other bars around to go get them at. You're paying for quality. Plus, if you're not sure if you want to spend $6/$7 on a beer you may not like, they will give you a sample to see if you like it. There's no pressure to buy one you've tasted if you don't like it. You can ask for suggestions based on types you like and your bartender will aim you the right way. 
I'm not sure what the issue other people had with the security guy was, because he was very polite and seemed like he was doing his job. Then again, I wasn't trashed and being an asshole, so I didn't have much interaction with him. 
We didn't play any of the games, so I can't comment on how they work, but from reading other reviews, come on people. Use a little common sense. If the games are vintage, they're bound to have issues. 
I have a ton of other food that I want to try here, so I will definitely be back.I enjoy hanging out here.  Playing old school video games and drinking a wide selection of tasty beers with friends.  It is a large space with a great outdoor space as well.  I have not had the food however I have been informed to proceed with caution or only if extremely necessary.Barcade wasn't exactly what I expected appearance wise, but it lived up to the hype as far as fun goes. It is a bit dingier than I expected. I was picturing something more like a D&B's and it's definitely not as commercial. That's fine with me though as I tend to like dive bars better anyway. They have a lot of classic arcade games that they rotate, and some are clearly better than others. The beer selection isn't very big, but it works. For the most fun, go with low expectations and some cash (they have change machines there), grab a few beers with friends and pick a game where you can either play on the same team or against each other. You'll spend hours having a blast with friends for only the price of a few beers and a couple of quarters. We'll be back.Finally made it to this great little spot. There's a lot to love about Barcade, and only a few small issues. But none of those issues should keep you from checking this joint out, especially if you are into classic arcades and a great beer list. 
Let's start with the main attraction...The games. The game choices here are top notch. They have some truly great classics that many other arcades simply wouldn't carry (Crystal Castles for instance). The games are spaced out enough to not be over crowded, and there's space to set down your beer between the games themselves. there's a change machine on site and the games are all a quarter. Can't ask for much more there.
The beer selection here was fantastic. Fans of local brewed and craft beers are in for a real treat. The bartender working knew the beers well and was able to recommend different brews with ease. On top of that, the food here was a major surprise, and would have been worth the trip out. The pulled pork and mac n cheese sandwich was a real treat. Plus the food came out quickly and was nice and hot.
There are a few small downers though. The location in the city isn't particularly great. It's an area undergoing a bit of a renaissance, but it's still a bit sketchy at times, though the crowd here is surprisingly friendly. The only other problem was there were more than a few of the games that had issues or were not working at all. A bit of a bummer, considering some of the higher profile games were the ones out of commission at the time of visiting. 
In the end, though, this is a place I'll be hitting up quite a bit. There are just too few places like this anymore, and Barcade is a great example of how to do it right.Old school arcade games, beers, mixed drinks and tacos? What is there not to love? Came here for my brother in laws 21st birthday and we had such a great time. We came on a Sunday afternoon so there wasn't much of a crowd. We were able to get a table to sit at and enjoy our food. Sunday afternoon until 4, they have a special of two tacos, nachos and a beer up to $6 for $10. Such a great deal!! The tacos were delicious.....try the chorizo one. I also really enjoyed the nachos. The cheese was really great. If you want to play arcade games, you have to exchange your dollars for tokens but there are multiple machines for this. We probably could've spent another few hours there playing all the old games....very nostalgic.25 cent games as far as the eye can see....so long as you don't have good vision.  In total, the beer selection is good and priced on par with the rest of philly.  the games are a serious draw.  The only downside was that it was super hot, but i'll put up with a little bit of warmth to save Princess Peach.Fun place to visit. I like the  taplist, but in Philly it is a dime-a-dozen (Kraftwork, Memphis Taproom have better selections). But I really like how the space has been reused.  The games are great too. Perfect for a birthday party or a big get together. They also have a TV screen if you want to watch some sports, too. Haven't tried the food yet.The inner nerd in me will say that Barcade is the place to be! I've been here a few times and i have enjoyed my time thoroughly. It can definitely get crowded with lines for a few of the games on a weekend night, but if you stumble in around on a Sunday afternoon like I did recently, you'll have the whole place to yourself.
The beers are reasonably priced with a great variety on draft ranging from $5-7 per glass. But don't forget to bring cash, so you can redeem them for tokens for the games! If you're fresh out of cash, they have an ATM on the premises. 
All in all, if you're looking for a different change of pace of the standard bar, I would give this place a go!(Finally) stopped in for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised. Great beer selection (wine and other alcohol is a bit limited however) and old school arcade games in abundance. There were 7 of us and we all thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I can't really comment on the food as we stopped there after dinner, but I did see a menu and it looked, well, just OK. There is a lot of great food in the area, so I'm guessing that isn't a major selling point of Barcade, all things considered. In any case, we'll be back.A little hard to find in a sketchy neighbourhood, but other than that...we loved it. The bartender was super nice...the games are only a quarter each...bag of chips for a buck...great music...awesome beer selection...clean bathrooms...fun Saturday afternoon. Will definitely be back!Not as cool as Barcade in NYC but still a good time! Nerds, Hipsters and anyone looking to do something different will have a good time. The weekends are a little bit crowded and it's hard to get your favorite game in but still a fun time.
The only thing I did not like were the drinks. My friend had Jameson shots but I like mixed drinks a huge draft menu but a limited menu of "innovative" Hipstery, tongue in cheek named mixed drinks. The bartender didn't have any recommendations (boring) so I had a rum and coke that was watered down and didn't bother to order another.
Also, Ms. Pacman smelled like spit/spit up which grossed me out, and led me to think about all of the dirty drunk hands before me... hand sanitizer dispensers or wipes by the bar might help. Still a cool placeThe last time I came to Barcade, I happened to be standing next to a group of 3 very drunk young goth kids (2 boys, 1 girl) fully engaged in a make out session. Yessir, a 3-way makeout session. Obviously, the entertainment at barcade isn't limited to the video games--even though they do have many, including a lot of the classics. 
There's also a decent beer list, and I'm always able to find something I enjoy. On the weekends it gets pretty crowded, so getting a beer, finding a place to stand, and playing some of the better games can get a little difficult.With its exposed brick, open layout, eclectic music selection, and craft beer selection, this place transported me back to that one weekend I bar-hopped in Brooklyn.  I swear I forgot I was in Philly.
Overall, my experience was split half and half.  The half of me that liked this place enjoyed it for the awesome beer selection ($6 for Golden Monkey ain't bad) and the cheap ass 25 cent games (that usually get you more than just one round).  Plus, the outdoor area was cute and chill and I felt like I was simply sitting in a college friend's backyard.  The food smelled and looked delicious, though I didn't have any so I can't comment on that.  No cover also, which is great.
The half of me that didn't like it was because of the damn temperature.  I hate to sound high maintenance but seriously, on a humid 80-some degree night, all I ask for is a little AC and when we walked into this place, it was hotter indoors than outdoors, most likely because of the amount of people crammed into a tiny space.  The ceiling fans they had going did nothing to combat the heat.  Sitting outside helped a tiny bit, but the mosquitoes made it unpleasant.
In addition to this, it's not really group-friendly considering the arcade games are kind of a one person experience and though you can crowd around and watch your friends play, it gets to be a bit much standing there and jostling elbows with everyone.  The seating in the center helps a little.
I might come back here in the winter when you want it to be warm and toasty inside.Pretty good beer selection on tap, and the games are fun.  Its a nice novelty, at least for me, speaking as a gal that doesn't play many video games.  Except tetris.  I will crush you at tetris.  In fact, that's my main motivation for coming back here, to get the top score.  because they post them on their website and also on a chalkboard in the back game room.  Which is awesome, because what's the point of playing arcade games if you can't brag to strangers about how good you are?  I'm waiting to see GLC as the top score for Frogger.  I wish they had some pinball or something different though.
I came here for a birthday gathering, but I didn't really think it was great for that kinda thing, everyone just splits up and does their own thing.  I was here on a Thursday night, and it wasn't too crowded, although the bar did get busier as the night went on.There are a million things to love about barcade. Great draft selection, amazing video games (although, after the second day of opening some were already broken) a great environment, and what seems to be a good staff (Paul the bartender seems like a really solid dude..which helps solidify the experience) In time the "hype" might settle down, and you can get to play the games you want...for now however, beggars cant be choosers. I will give this place 4 solid stars with the hope it stays the way it is and becomes a 5 star gig. I could see myself becoming very addicted to this place.
Also, the bathrooms were very clean (and similar to triumph in old city) each bathroom is its own private room.
the top score on DK right now is just over 16000. that, I imagine wont last long.
after typing this, I might just head right back there.great selection of beers. Food is cheap and tastes like what you pay for but it is edible. Don't go on the weekend, way to crowded to even walk around!I always look forward to going to Barcade. I've never had a problem with any of the bartenders, usually they are very quick to serve from their wide selection. The concept of having all of these great games available makes a night out a whole different experience. My favorite aspect, although small, is that they have a spot for your beer at each game. Can't get better than that!I liked this place. Nice beer list, great arcade games. Chicken quesadilla was top notch.Do yourself a favor and go to Barcade, order sriracha deviled eggs and a crisp IPA, and enjoy.  The food here seems pretty solid, as does the beer selection.  Getting the attention of a bartender can be a challenge and somewhat frustrating though.  But I have only been on the weekends and perhaps they are still figuring out what kind of crowd to expect.  This is definitely a cool concept and a great addition to Fishtown.I have been to this Bar a few times now and I am completely torn. The concept is so great and it should always be such a good time but it's not. The staff is so uptight and snotty that I had to argue with my wife to give them another shop today while we were entertaining guests from out of town. We walk in to the bar having about 7 guests and 3 staff members behind the bar and we were totally ignored for about 10 minutes. They had no sense of urgency to at least greet us. If we did not leave who knows how long it would have taken to get served. We left and went to several other awesome bars in the area that were much more friendly and less " too-cool-for-school"Had a great time at Barcade. Great beer selection and tasty tacos. Also both bartenders working were knowledgable and quick. While I was playing Mortal Kombat, one of my coins got jammed in the slot. Luckily, the manager was walking around and noticed it. He fixed it right away! Definitely will be back.Great time.   Some good music playing & good retro music when it was here.  Good beer selection & great time.Games?  ARCADE GAMES?  Beer... wait, actual LIQUOR TOO?!?!  I entered this place and I immediately felt like I was in heaven.  DC has something like it apparently, but I have heard it's only limited to beer... and I don't drink beer.  I can't speak on the food, but their drink prices were surprisingly decent for such a crowded place at that time of night, and they were good!   The process of playing games is fairly simple... you go to a coin machine, exchange bills for tokens, and go up to the games and go to town!  At the time we went, however, it was... really crowded.  It made it difficult to play all the games I wanted to.  I got lucky with Centipede because the machine was down, but someone quickly came and fixed it.  Since it had just got back up and running there wasn't a line, so I took over!  It brought back so many memories of childhood.  This bar is perfect for nostalgic gamers.
The next time I go has to be at a quieter time.  I want to play everything.Nice selection of beer and arcades. Really the only one that matters is Wrestlefest...Ultimate Warrior, Sargeant Slaughter, Ted Dibiase...really doesn't get better than this.It's a bar with a top notch beer list. It's an arcade with games the best games you remember from childhood. Combine them and you have Barcade. 
When it comes to beer this place has a craft beer that fits everyones tastes. The prices are reasonable, and the bar service is quick. 
When it comes to games listen to some of these titles and see if your heart doesn't start racing with nostalgia and excitement: NBA JAM; Spyhunter; Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles; Gantlet,; Joust; Golden Axe; Asteroids; the list goes on and on.
Come here and relive your childhood. The booze adds to the nostalgic feeling. See if you don't go home afterward and hook up some of your old gaming systems.In response to the upsetting slew of reviews here complaining about a lack of PBR and Miller Lite I am giving Barcade five stars.
GOOD BEER COSTS GOOD MONEY BECAUSE THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE IT NEED TO EAT.
So screw you if you think $6 is too much for a beer hand-crafted with love at a brewery with a yield under 10,000 barrels/year.  If you don't want craft beer, don't go to Barcade.  Go back to the Barbary, hipster bums.
Rant aside, I actually do think Barcade is pretty great.  Correction: I think Barcade on a Saturday afternoon is pretty great.  I may not say the same about Barcade on a Friday night, jam-packed past the point of navigability.
The atmosphere is straight out of a NoLibs yupster's dreams.  Simple, rustic, open, unadorned.  Lots of exposed brick, metalwork and unfinished woods.  A beautiful outdoor area lined with *oooh* bamboo.
There is one bar, which spans the length of the hallway that you enter into.  When the bar ends, the games begin.  The space opens up into a cavernous room lined with a fantastic array of classic video games.  Thin high tables span the room -- just enough to balance your half-decent sandwich (this is BAR food) and delicious beer on.
Games are 25 cents a pop and worth every penny.  Yes, you have to wait to get a round on Ms Pac Man or Golden Axe, but what kind of arcade would this be if you didn't have to muscle dweebs out of the way to get to your favorite game?
The beer selection is top notch, competing with the best of them.  A fantastic and well-rotated group of largely domestic crafts.  The prices are *GASP* fair, and the small selection of snacks and sandwiches, while perhaps a bit overpriced, do the job, all things considered.  And all of the bartenders I encountered were great.  Informative, accommodating and pretty damn cool.
Overall - despite the prohibitive trek to Phoney-ville aka NoLibs, I plan to spend a lot more time here -- hunched over a vector monitor with socks pulled up to my knees.
NOTE TO THE LADIES: a lot of VERY attractive men seem to be drawn to this place.  Just sayin'.I came back to barcade this evening after having a wonderful first experience. I work for a non-profit, and came there with two of our special needs volunteers on both occasions. I explained to the bartender how i was letting them each have one beer, and asked that if i happen to step away to the rest room, etc and one of them tried to get another drink while I wasn't there (one can be very sneaky lol) to please either give them water, or wait to serve until I'm back. On the first occasion, the bartender understandingly acknowledged and accepted my request with no question. However tonight, i was told "well, as long as they have a valid ID and aren't overly intoxicated, I'm serving them". 
Who does that?Fun place to go with friends. Lots of games, friendly staff, good beer selection. Not much to complain about. It gets pretty packed on the weekends but that's okay because this place.is huge. Check it out for yourself!  One warning: beware of hipsters!Craft beer and old school arcade games, what more could one want? This place is pretty darn rad, both in beer and arcade selection. Bonus points for having counters between all the arcade cabinets. Oh and the bathroom concept? Spot on! I adore this entire concept, nothing puts a smile on my face quite like playing Burger Time while throwing back some cold ones. I can't give it a full 5 stars though as I've found the bartenders to be less than engaging. I enjoy shooting the shit with bartenders, but the few times I've been here it seems like they didn't want to have any of it. Oh well. I'll still be back to dominate some more TMNT!Great atmosphere, local beer, and food. Arcade cabinets,however, could use a bit more maintenance. Lost about $1 in quarters in 3 different machines. Bummer :PBarcade is great if only to relive the childhood delights of Ms. PacMan (No, but seriously, whatever happened to just PacMan? I mean...really?), and Mario World in Arcade game format. 
Also, anyone remember when Donkey Kong was about climbing up ladders and avoiding fireballs? Me neither, but apparently in 1981, it was so.
It's also kind of fun that Barcade is super hidden from humanity and that from the outside it looks like another victim of urban decay. 
Alas, for all its treasures, Barcade lacks the one game that would have added those additional two stars - and somebody please correct me if I idiotically over looked this gem - but my dear Street Fighter was no where to be found. Sad. Face.I don't know... it's early - 4th day open - and kinks clearly need to be worked out. When I got frustrated that our food was taking upwards of an hour, one of the bartenders commented that the Barcade in Brooklyn doesn't even have a kitchen, so a single dude in a closet with a hot plate is better than nothing. But this is Philly, so we like to eat at some point into our drinking. Also, clearly that was an exaggeration I just made  (the cook probably had something better than a hot plate, but I was indeed told that there was only one of him).
Anyway, I was expecting 1) More Philly beers at 2) Philly prices. And the food service is at this point just not smart. You order your food with a bartender, you're given a ticket, and then you may feel free to check near the food-bar area until your stuff is ready. We ordered: Two nutella and bacon sammiches (really, really fun idea, and also happens to be tasty), two orders of deviled eggs, some sort of chicken/pork sammich, and quesadillas. Everything was good, but it took over an hour to get everything which really got in the way of game play since we kept waiting, and waiting. It would've been not so bad, given that this place just opened, had they been apologetic and perhaps comped us an extra order of, frankly, whatever for the sake of good will. Rather, they were outright unapologetic.
I loved all the beers available on tap. There are just not a lot of places in Philadelphia where you can find that.
Double Dragon was not working. I was fired up for some fighting games. There were a lot of games not working or eating quarters (although, it's definitely awesome that they only cost $0.25!). 
Ultimately, this needs to be a great arcade that happens to have a bar, or a great bar that happens to have arcade games. So, work out dem kinks and we'll be back, but not until then.So wait, should I go on a Friday or Saturday? The previous reviews weren't clear.Parking is very tough. We got lucky and was able to just barely squeeze in. The tacos were decent. The chicken ones tasted a bit off. Unfortunately this place only serves the IPA stuff/Craft. So it will get pricey really quick. Could use a few more games. Give it 3.5 stars..Barcade. Cool concept. Nice edition to the rapidly growing and popular Fishtown area.  Can't beat playing some arcade games for a quarter while enjoying some good craft beers.  Surprisingly, there were actually females  in attendance on the night I went.  Some attractive, some not!  But it's not about the women, it's about the cool ass video games! Didn't try the food, as I heard it wasn't worth it.  My one buddy who is from Brooklyn and has been to Barcade Brooklyn said the Jerky is all you need for food consumption.
We stayed here for about an hour then left. After an hour, it kind of lost its luster.  I'll definitely go back though, but what is up with the rent-a-cop security guards?  Are they for real?  Do they actually get paid to be there?  Hilarious!God I love this place! Food's not great, but great selection of beers and 25 cent games!I haven't seen so many Brooklyn shirts in one place. Oh, hipsters! Not surprisingly, the bar caters to that specific crowd. I was expecting a gang of gamers such as myself, but I was sorely mistaken. 
Besides being duped by the atmosphere, the drinks were not that special; $5 drafts aren't the biggest deals in the world. The games were subpar at best. If you are into old school gaming, this seems ok. The cabinets were rickety and poorly fastened. The buttons are hard to press, as if it was purposefully done to make you lose. 
The lack of games like Q-Bert, Mario Bros. and Street Fighter 1 are "redonkulous." Sinistar? Wizards of Wor? No? 
It seems like the bar were full of non-gaming, uptight rich twenty-year-olds. So many people (girls) that couldn't even pass the road portion of Frogger. Anyone can at least maneuver the road in Frogger! I know it's knitpicking, but I was really disturbed by that.
Gaming Nirvana my ass. This is just a typical Northern Liberties bar, with crappy cabinets you can find at local laundromats.I love old arcade games and beer! who doesn't? and that's clearly the Barcade's shtick. Their beer selection is quite nice, and the price is about right.
The staff here (with the exception of the nice man who got my quarters back from Ghouls and Ghosts, and the I.D. checkers) are often a pain. I have two nice bartenders, but the place is like a cattle call when I go in there. The layout is awkward, and the food is surprisingly bad. No more salmon for me thanks.
But of course I will return to Barcade and drink their Lost Abbey, the same way I persistently rematch Bald Bull in Punch-Out.
Pros: Games are only a quarter!
Cons: Expect attitude from bartenders and patrons.Came here on a rainy Monday for a friends bday. Wasn't crowded which was nice because we had full availability to all the arcade games. Games are only 25 cents which is awesome. Great beer selection. It was Taco Monday, which means pork tacos are only a dollar. I didn't order them but my friends did ( they were not impressed, but what can you expect for a dollar) . I ordered the Sriracha Deviled eggs (amazing), and the Mac and Cheese Pulled Pork on Ciabatta, which i very much enjoyed. My husband had the Cuban which he said was amazing for only 8$. Will definitely reccomend.This is a very close approximation of an early 90's arcade. That alone would probably make it worth checking out, but I have to commend them on a very solid set of draft beers as well. I went on a Saturday night and had no issues with waiting in line long to play games despite the place being packed. My minor complaints would come from the lack of multiple Neo Geo cabinets and some very minor issues with control condition. If you love arcades and beer, and find yourself n the Philly area, you owe it yourself to check out this arcade.Barcade is a great place under certain conditions. I've had amazing and less than amazing experiences here, so I'm going to lay this out there.
To have fun at Barcade:
Don't go on a night when the bar is packed. I have been here on Saturday nights with plenty of room to move and sit and a reasonable wait for a drink. Other Saturday have been shoulder to shoulder, hot as balls and "get me out of here" crowded. That's not a good time.
Make sure you bring friends. I think barcade is best for a larger group of friends. If they are friends that play video games, even better. A few reviews mentioned that the nature of the place means that it's not a super social place to meet new people. It's possible, but not a given. If you come with about 6 or more people, then you can really make it a night out focused on bonding with them. It's definitely not a place I'd go solo or expecting to meet someone new.
Their selections of food and drinks are pretty decent. Compared to other places in the area, tough, it may be a bit expensive. I don't mind paying $6 for a beer, but with crazy cheap specials within a few blocks, that could be a turn off.  Also, I have found the staff to be relaxed and the crowd to be more relaxed here than other places around the neighborhood. I waited a bit long for a drink and the bartender actually gave it to me on the house. The snacks are pretty decent, too.
If I bring my friends and come here on a night when there's room to walk around, I have a great time, but this is definitely not the kind of bar for every situation or person.An awesome hangout spot with friends. I grew up playing a lot of classic video/arcade games, so I definitely had a nostalgic moment when I was browsing through the arcade machines they had. Between me and my friend, we spent about 10 dollars, and we were there playing games for good two hours. Expect to wait a bit for more popular games such as Pac-Man, Tetris...etc. The line for the games can get long at times on weekends especially (or also depending on how "considerate" the people are on the arcade machine. Some people just take forever). Wish they had multiple machines for games that are more in demand. I don't know if I necessarily want to comment on their drink menu; it is extensive but the choices are definitely on the pricier side (Beers $5-$7+). I've been to Barcade in East Village, New York, and their drink menu is straight-up over priced, so I guess it is a tad bit cheaper here in Philly. Definitely take advantage of their daily specials, I believe they have $1 taco deal on Mondays. I know everything is more fun when you are tipsy, but if you are poor like me, I'd skip the drink and just come for the games.I was so excited about hitting up Barcade. They have tacos, lots of drafts on tap and so many great classic video games what more could you ask for? Well..quite a bit!
When walked in the temperature jumped up 30 degrees instantly. Everyone was sweating. It was chilly outside and most of us had coats with no place to leave them. The games are side by side like a typical arcade. Unfortunately the place develops quite a line for the bathroom and with game lines up right next to them it gets to becomes way to close for comfort.
I wish that i could talk about the food but it was so warm and seating was so limited that we opted to leave and eat elsewhere.
As for the drinks, I love cider. Sadly I didn't like the only one on draft and there were no bottle options. So much for a selection for me. 
I'd totally go back for the games. Most were only .25 each. I would probably plan to go back at a time I would think was less crowded and I'd plan to leave my coat in the car and to grab drinks and food elsewhere. Basically I'd treat this location like an arcade more then a bar or eatery.Probably my favorite place right now due to all the arcade games available for play. Very fun environment but does get super tight and hot on a Saturday night. Bring some cash for the games, probably singles. They have a token machine there for you to exchange your bills. Awesome time and awesome drinks. Enjoy.Love this place omg so fun!
The bartenders are great and are super good at recommending beers and know all about them!    The foods ok  mostly usual bar foodCool concept, crowded as heck. 
This a pretty neat place to go if you're into video games and beer. However, if you're really into either, I would avoid the place. 
The atmosphere is trendy and it's not an intimidating place to bring a couple friends. If you're in a larger group, be prepared that on the busier nights, it's loud, crowded, and seating is minimal. I've been here in the wintertime, and the crowd situation was obviously much worse. 
Parking can also be very difficult to find, as is typical of the neighborhood.Great beer and pinball. The veggie tacos are good too.MOAR ARCADE GAMES PLZ
But srsly, great craft beer selection, and my favorite bar to celebrate my/friend's birthdays and other special occasions.  Probably not somewhere I would go to EVERY weekend, but I always have so much fun when I do go. :)So I am not totally into the whole Arcade thing but Barcade is a pretty cool place.  And they have an awesome draft list and a nice little outside area so even if arcade games aren't you thing you can still have a good time here.A hip spot with throw back arcade games for millennials. The games aren't the best and definitely not the newest, but the value you get from nostalgia is priceless. It's usually pretty busy, so getting drinks is no easier or harder than a regular bar, you just have more crowds of people standing around playing games that they probably never really played as a kid. Then you realize why these games are old and kind of suck.$6 beers in Fishtown...is that an oxymoron? Also the way you obtain your food is slow and inefficient as we waited an hour for simple bar food, and had to keep checking at the bar to see if it was ready. But, I'm optimistic that they'll change this, and at that point I'll edit my review.
Overall, it seems to be missing that authentic Philly character/influence; the scene they're trying to create almost seems forced and not genuine, but that's just my perception. It just feels more Brooklyn than Philly. Other than that, cool looking space and fun vintage arcade games.Between the great craft beer selection and the huge selection of games, this place is always a blast. I've never eaten here so I can't comment on the food.
They have change machines which give you tokens to play the games (you can also bring and use quarters). They have an outdoor patio for when you need a break from the atmosphere (It's normally pretty hectic and it gets warm in there).
The 4 player pac man table is my favorite!Michael is amazing. He fulfills his job duties while being friendly, outgoing, and overall the best man around. I highly recommend this bar!Where is the pinball?! I love the concept. Craft beer set in an 80s arcade. However, what 1980s arcade didn't have at least one pinball machine? Great tap selection with decent pricing that can have a few surprises not found elsewhere in the city. The typical hipster clientele that is standard for bars in this neighborhood makes you feel awkward not having a beard. Fun place, but the lack of pinball gets at least two stars off my rating.Without a doubt one of the best, consistent draft beer lists ever! Always something new, interesting and delicious. Great tap takeovers. The Spring House one had a firkin of their Beyond the Gates DIPA w/ grapefruit which was amazing(as is all their stuff). Blew away Ballast Pt. Grapefruit Sculpin by far! Unfortunately it was a one-off, and probably would never had tasted it if it weren't for Barcade. Lagunita's Waldo Special Ale last time- hell yeah!
Nice huge place w/ lots of vintage video games if that's your thing. Not mine;wish they had some pinball machines. Unisex bathroom walls are very colorful & fun to look at when you're buzzed.
Service is good and bartenders are knowledgeable about their beers. Never had the food 'cause the best cheesesteak in town(Joe's S&S Shop) and  best sandwiches (Paesano's) are nearby.I had the idea for this place pretty much as soon as I was old enough to drink. Because Bar + Arcade = as close to perfection as you can get. I mean, it's Chuck E. Cheese for grownups.
...unfortunately minus the ball pit, but thankfully no scary animatronic, anthropomorphic animals. Also, you need ID to get in, so it's less kiddy than a Dave & Busters. 
They've got a great selection of games, including 80's classics like Ms. Pacman, Rampage, Operation Wolf, and Double Dragon, and 90's classics like 4-player Ninja Turtles, Sunset Riders, NBA Jam, and X-Men. EVERYONE loves Ninja Turtles and X-Men. There is no better arcadey feeling than pressing the "mutant power" button in X-Men and hearing Colossus yell "BROAHHHHHHHAHHHHHH!!!" ... and if you get that reference, we just became best friends. 
A few things keep this from being the best Bar+Arcade place I've ever been (which happens to be Boxcar, in Raleigh, NC) One: it can get really crowded and feel cramped. Two: It's maybe a little too monochrome/washed out brown inside...it looks like Zach Snyder is about to film a movie. Three: There's a bit of an outside area, but there aren't really any outdoor activities to speak of. Be great if there was a ping pong table or a cornhole game for those sunny days. 
The beer selection is usually terrific, and recently they've added some food options, but I've yet to try them. Bartenders are usually nice and helpful too. 
If you like drinking and video game nostalgia, it's time to hit up Barcade.This place has the best atmosphere, the classic arcade games, great drinks, even possible for gluten free people to eat and drink. Staff is friendly, and there is a spot to put you drink next to every game! Love this place!This place was alright until I had an issue with the doorman. I asked him why he had not carded my friends but is carding me, he then went back inside to card them. Seriously, if that guy is reading this. Please do your job right, thanks.Wanted to grab a beer with my wife and son (1 1/2 yrs old). It was on a Sunday afternoon and nearly empty. We then were approached by the staff telling us "we needed to keep a closer eye on our child." My wife and I were holding our son nearly the entire time! He didn't give us any explanation except that "this is a bar and children shouldn't be here". Which is silly since we have taken of child to plenty of bars and never received a comment like this. He was extremely rude. 
If he would have been up front with us and told us that there was a bar rule not allowing children, we would've respected that. Or if he would've asked us to keep him away from the arcades, we would have (which is dumb in its own reason considering that he couldn't even reach the controls). If it was busy, then we would've understood that as well. I use to have such a great time at Barcade (it was my favorite bar!) but unfortunately this visit will be my last.70% bar. 30% arcade. 100% hipster.
Pros: Great vibes and music, (relatively) inexpensive unknown beers, and a lofty and pleasant aesthetic. Some of the best classic arcade games of the 80's and 90's. I was pleased that I could enjoy a beer in one hand and play Ms. Pacman with the other while my friends dominated Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Donkey Kong right next to me.
Cons: As can be expected, the best and most popular games are tough to get an opportunity to play, and because of their constant use the buttons and joysticks can tend to be worn out and non-responsive. It can also get very crowded very quickly and all of the talking combined with the loud music may be headache-inducing for some.
Overall I had a fun time! It's a very enjoyable way to spend an evening.I love Barcade. Their beer is always fresh, staff are amazing, and it's a fun time. When it's crowded, it sucks but that's why you go on like a Tues instead of a Sat night.4 stars because they got rid of my favorite game Pengo. I've never eaten here,  but the draft selection is solid and the games are full of nostalgia. Bring a few dollars, grab a drink and relive the classics. Bathrooms are clean, always a bonus.Every time I come here I am reminded of the fact all my guy friends clearly had different childhoods than I did. I come here and casually press on buttons of some games in a half hearted attempt to make my quarter last longer than a minute. Meanwhile, there is death battles, cursing, and some cheers of triumph amongst my guy friends while they play. You can easily blow off an hour or more here along with a lot of quarters. 
The reason why I think Barcade is just - ok. The drinks just don't do it for me. The cocktails are overpriced. The beer though diverse is often overpriced in my opinion. There isn't a lot of place to sit down or congregate as a group. It makes Barcade less appealing on busy nights because your group needs to spread out, and often wait to play some games. Finally, the crazy graffiti bathrooms gross me out. Maybe it's because of the crazy colors and black paint you can't see what lurks beneath.Great beer, great atmosphere, but the best part - awesome arcade games from the 80s and 90s. You'll definitely enjoy this place and the trip down memory laneMost of the games really are just a quarter! I'd been to Barcade a number of times in Brooklyn, and seeing it in Philly was a fun nostalgia trip. Good game options and a fun time, whether you drink or not (but why would you not?). If you don't want to play games but just want to drink in a hip retro atmosphere, it's also good for that.I might not be a gamer, or one who loves beer, but I love this place! Bartenders are friendly, the place has great music, ambience and the quesadillas are crispy, cheesy and so f'n good!!Maintenance maintenance maintenance!!!!!  With very little effort this could become a favorite bar in Phila. Right now it's eh. 
#1. Devote time to fix/replace the broken machines. I get it - they ate vintage machines, not the easiest to maintain. Tough titties, fix the damned things - or put others in. 
#2. Are the security guys in security uniforms really necessary? I really got a kick out of this dude taking himself and his security post soooooo seriously. I nearly asked him what terror threat color it was in the bar today. 
#3. You've got a kitchen. Great. It does me no good. How hard is a veggie burger? I drink, I hang out, I get hungry. So now as is, I leave at that point. Your loss, not mine. Btw - at least 4 people pointed out to me the $0.25 label on your $1 bag of chips. 
So not to be a negative nancy - the pluses as follows...
+1. It's a friggin arcade with alcohol. That in itself is a big win. You could punch me in the balls upon entry and is still return. It's that good of a concept. (As a pinball fan - the silver ballroom in st louis mo is still top of the list- none better).
+2. Lots of unisex bathrooms. I'm a wimp who can't hold it. This is a huge plus. 
+3. All games for a quarter. 
+4. Full bar. As a whiskeyphile - I thank you. 
I want to give it three and a half stars, but that's not possible. Since its brand new I'm curious to see if this lack of maintenance continues. Time will tell (exit to forboding music)...If you're a fan of old school arcade games and a fan of great draft beers, this is the place to be
25cents for a play on the machines are throwbacks that are greatly appreciated
It does get crowded on the weekends and you may have to wait a bit
but hey you can't complain, people who enjoy this niche will come and enjoy.Great atmosphere, lots of games to choose from, nice selection of beer.  Fun place, but for me, the novelty of playing the old games wears off after about 20-30 mins.Very interesting spot for the Philly area. It was cool to go to a bar with a very different style and have some old school fun. They have pretty much any 80s arcade game you could think of; Donkey Kong, Spy Hunter, Rampage, you name it. Each game is a quarter and there is a good rotating selection of craft beers to go with. Definitely worth a trip for a different night out in Philly.I like the concept, warehouse type venue with games and a bar.  
Unfortunately, was really quite disappointed with the beer selection.  Maybe one IPA on tap, two pumpkin beers (yet it's after Xmas), and then ordered the tires hands saison, which was definitely not a saison but a sour ale.  It was like they were stocking the reject or old beer that distributors were trying to offload at a discount.
Two female bartenders very unpleasant. 
Would be great if this place could step things up a notch.Fun bike racks.  Great beer.   Games you haven't played in ages for just a quarter.  Awesome courtyard area.  Nice bartenders.  Perfect.This place is just plain fun. They have a fantastic beer selection and a staff that can talk to you about it helpfully (intelligently but without making you feel like an ignorant stump). Then they offer 25 cent classic arcade games to boot. It's a great place to hang out for awhile before moving on to dinner.If there ever was a gaping hole in the philly bar scene, it was for the apparent slew of hipsters who just couldn't find a place to drink microbrews and play $0.25 arcade games from the 90s.  Fortunately, this gap was identified and rectified with the copy and pasting of barcade from brooklyn.  
Tucked away in no-libs, barcade was overall a fun time, but for some reason gives me the feel of a place to stop by on your way to somewhere else.  Maybe its just me.  They do have a good selection of beers, but their pricing scheme was made for the hipster who apparently only looks like they shop at thrift stores and that muddy brown  flannel tee is in fact from Bloomingdales. In any case, while it was fun for our group to chat, grab a few drinks, and play some games, this same cycle happened a few times and by the 3rd time everyone was like...welp, lets go somewhere else. 
You arrive and grab a beer, then realize oh man, they have ninja turtles, you and your bros are like, dude, I haven't played this in years!  So you go on and try to play, realize you don't have quarters, because, this is, you know, 2012, and proceed to play pocketball looking for a quarter to no avail and hit up the change machine.  You play, indulge in 90's nostalgia, until you realize why these games were made for 12 year olds as you can only jump and swing your nunchuka so much before you get bored.  And is it me or regardless of what you do bebop or rocksteady somehow get the best of you? In your disappointment, you leave, as there is a long line of people waiting behind you, and say screw it time for another beer.  The problem is, your other friends are now playing, and who wants to watch?  So now its you and your one other friend who you aren't that close with, things get awkward, so you get another beer.  Now you finally meet up with your other friends, and 20 minutes later you're eyeing up that unassuming mike tyson punch out machine.  Now go back to the beginning of this paragraph and repeat.  
Eventually you end up back at your meeting point and everyone looks at each other and is like, hows the line at frankford hall?
Ok, I may have digressed a bit, but, great for a short time in my opinion.  Only see myself going here with out of towners for a "see, philly is cool!" night. 
Have fun!