Thoroughly disappointed that Barcelona Wine Bar "lost" the reservation my mom made (party of 4) for 7PM yesterday evening. When we arrived the place was absolutely mobbed, and we were barely able to walk in the door which instantly gave me a bad feeling. 
The hostess was nice enough, at first, but as time passed it was obvious she was stressed/frazzled and couldn't handle the pressure/volume. Part of me felt bad for her the other part was so irritated. My mom and I tried helping the hostess look on the reservation sheet for our name however the penciled in writing was so haphazard and some even faded it was nearly impossible to read the names. The hostess offered to add us to the wait list which appeared to have several names already waiting, unfortunately she was "unable to quote us a wait time" which was insanely frustrating. I  previously worked in the food/beverage for quite some time, first as a hostess, as well as a server and bartender. Not once have I heard of not being able to quote your guests a wait time! Needless to say we left to eat elsewhere.
First they lose our reservation and the best they can do is put us on the wait list - without an estimated time? Totally bummed out, hopefully our next trip there (whenever that may be) will fare better. I advise calling at least a day or two in advance to confirm your reservation as they seem a bit unorganized.Nice fare - really enjoyed the cheese board, calamari, & bacon wrapped dates. Hanger steak was cooked perfectly. Portions were generous for tapas plating. The very reasonably priced full-bodied red blend we had was awesome & the dessert sherry our server suggested was excellent. Would recommend to anyone in town or visiting as a great experience all around.I went with friends here for dinner and we had a great time! The food was great, the wine was fantastic and the ambience was beautiful! Our waitress was friendly and took care of us on a super busy night! We were a group of six and ordered 5 different tapas which were portioned well. The ham croquettes were fantastic as was the butternut squash! We also did the chorizo with fig, the potatoes, and roasted carrots! They were all really good. We all had a hard time picking our favorite. We then shared the seafood paella which was flavorful!  We got there early enough to get one drink on the happy hour menu which I got the white sangria which I was very happy with. Everyone else enjoyed their drinks as well. We also shared a bottle of wine which our waitress helped us pick and it was perfect for our meal!   I most definitely will be returning when I'm home for visits!Had a 7:15 reservation, but when we arrived the host told us that the reservation got lost in their system. Waited at the bar for a half hr before checking back in with the host (who forgot who I was). Finally, 45min later we were able to get a table. Would've been better without the wait or if they had offered to comp something, since the error was on their end. Two stars because the swordfish was delicious!We went before dinner for cocktails and some appetizers. We will absolutely be coming back. A+ service, cocktails, and tapas! We had a cheese plate (with drunken goat & blue cheese), the swordfish, and the gnocchi with duck. Absolutely incredible!Service and food was amazing. We will def come back. But don't be in a rush. Things took their time.Loved this spot. After just visiting Barcelona in Spain and coming into this restaurant, I felt like I had returned with the atmosphere and all tapas. I recommend getting the pitcher of sangria about 3-4 glasses for a table of 3 couldn't get any better. We got the mussels, patatas bravas, pane con tomate all very delicious. This is definitely a must eat in Philly.This place is to Catalonian cuisine what the Olive Garden is to Tuscan cuisine (okay, it's not quite THAT bad, but it is a chain and with that comes some baggage).  We had heard a lot of great comments about this place, so we decided to check it out.  Our reservation was at 8:15 and when we arrived we were told that our table was not ready and that we should have a drink at the (extremely overcrowded) bar.  Because they have seating around the entirety of said (extremely overcrowded) bar, it was difficult to find a spot to actually order a drink, but after a few minutes I found an opening.  I ordered the Barcelona Gintonic and got the wife the Guns and Rosès.  Having had gintonics in Barcelona (the city) I had wrongfully assumed that they were going to serve me a similar style gintonic - a massive red wine glass of ice, gin, some tonic, and the remainder of the bottle of tonic served along side.  Instead it was a Barcelona the restaurant gintonic, which was served in a white wine glass about half full with a sprig of rosemary. Fine, not quite what I was hoping, but still a decent gin and tonic.  The wife's drink was much better.  It was lite and refreshing without being overly sweet.  We ended up having to wait an hour for our table, which i view as inexcusable if you have a reservation.  We ordered the croquettes, bacon wrapped dates, chorizo & figs, and pulpo tapas and the paella mariscos (which the waitress informed us would take 30 minutes).
Croquettes - again, I was expecting something more like the Spanish croquetas you get in Barcelona the city, but these were Barcelona the restaurant's version.  They were balls instead of the slightly more cylindrical shape I was expecting and the balance of the ham and cheese was off (needed more ham). They weren't great, but they were pretty good.
Chorizo and figs- interesting mix.  Again the balance seemed a bit off.  They could have scaled back a little on the figs and balsamic reduction.  Again, pretty good, but not great.
Bacon wrapped dates - it's hard to screw up bacon wrapped dates.  They were good, but I have had better. In Philly.
Pulpo - in Barcelona the city, this means "octopus".  In Barcelona the restaurant, this apparently means "potatoes".  This dish was a HUGE disappointment.  On the entire plate there were only a few tiny pieces of actual octopus compared to the remaining 95% which was potatoes.  Maybe in Barcelona the restaurant if you actually want octopus, you need to order the patatas bravas.  The table next to us had the same experience and I believe the ended up commenting to the waiter.
Paella- we ended up waiting an hour for the paella, not 30 minutes.  The seafood was plentiful, but it tasted sandy and did not seem particularly fresh.  In Barcelona the city if there are prawns in paella they are cooked to perfection and the shell practically falls off.  At Barcelona the restaurant the prawns are cooked in a clever manner that seems to fuse the shell to the prawn, ensuring that you get your hands good and messy trying to clean them.
My overall summary of Barcelona the restaurant is that if you are looking for a cool looking spot to hang out, socialize, and be seen, it is a great choice and probably the only place in this neighborhood fit for that purpose.  If you are looking for a place where you can get a table for 8 and try a bunch of different dishes, again, this is probably a good option.  If you want really good food, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for something on par with the restaurants in Barcelona the city, Barcelona the restaurant is NOT the place for you.Great atmosphere and great food. It was a 30 minute wait to get seated at our table ( we had a reservation) but other than that it was great! I recommend ordering a bunch of tapas and sharing them. The dulche de leche dessert was a amazing!Amazing lively ambience ..excellent service. Parking off the street (very difficult). Great food- veg paella needed some more veggies,spicy eggplant delicious but not spicy at all and cocktails  ..loved the different tapas plates. Has few taverns, shooping stores and other restaurants around it.Awesome place to go whether you're alone, or with a group of friends. Everything I ordered was delicious. Cocktails are great. Happy Hours are from 4pm-6pm. Friendly staff!After revisiting Barcelona, it seems like they addressed the issues we had with our last visits. The two-server team that we had this time was quite communicative and friendly and served dishes promptly and accurately. I also appreciated the main server's time in connecting with us as guests. Overall, everyone we dealt with at the restaurant this time around was pleasant and attentive, and the manager should be thanked for making those adjustments after our last visit. 
In terms of the food, it was as good as we had remembered it, and we really can't get enough of the delicious hanger steak.
As long as this type of service continues and the food remains consistent, we'll be glad to continue making return visits.What a fun place to go for dinner and drinks with amazing service. 
My date and I tried nearly everything on the menu, but had to put the dates and steak at  the top. 
Great wine list and really swanky atmosphere. 
More importantly the service was way above average. Abby the Manager, Erin the AGM and Kerry the area Director went out of their way to make us comfortable and accommodated us on a very busy Saturday night. 
I don't know the people personally, but how they handled a few situations was way above par. 
Can't wait to return and can't wait to have the amazing food and service again.Came here to meet up with friends for drinks.  The sangria was amazing!!  They also have a cute little outdoor area.  Loved the open space and open kitchen.   Servers were super efficient, friendly and nice.  Definitely coming back to try their dishes.Had a great meal here with a wine flight. Will definitely go back. I hope they have a happy hour soon. Also left with a token for a free drink at the next visitSo-so food. Excellent waitstaff and bartenders. Terribly disorganized. Been there twice with reservations and had to wait a combined hour for a table. Seemed like they treated pop-ins and reservations equally. 
They have the vibe of a local Passyunk restaurant, but not the attention to detail in regards to customer service as expected.The food was meh and the service was so slow I thought I was going to have a pressure ulcer on my butt from sitting on the hard bench seating for so long. More than one dish came out lukewarm-including the chorizo/figs and empanadas. If you're looking for a three hour meal consisting of sub par food and uncomfortable seating this chain restaurant is the place for you!Came here for my birthday and amazing service! We ordered 2-3 items a piece and were stuffed! The cocktails were pretty good too. Would definitely come back for a happy hourHad the BEST experience here last night. Great service, when they messed up our wine flights they let us keep the incorrect ones AND gave us the right ones on the house. Also, ask Adrian to create a flight for you or for suggestions if you're interested in trying something new. The tapas plates were all very good too and when food was a bit slow coming out they brought us a complementary plate to munch on while we waited. My favorites were the potato tortilla and the croquettes. Hanger steak was very good but i'm not a fan of truffle oil so i would've nixed the sauce. Seriously though, Adrian ROCKED my socks. can't wait to go back and try some new and interesting wines with her!!This place is seriously so so so AMAZING!! Was looking for a place to grab dinner last night and came across this in the "hot and new" section of yelp. I assumed it wouldn't be busy as it had just opened but clearly word travels fast!
When we arrived we were greeted by a host who warmly said "Welcome Friends"..so adorable! We decided to sit at the bar and luckily the people next to us moved down one so we could have two seats. The bartender promptly came over with the option of sparkling or flat water and menus. 
We were a little lost on the wine list so we told them what we like (dry un-oaked whites) and they brought over two options and let us taste to decide. We landed on the Evolution and it was phenomenal, then bread was brought to us. Practically half a loaf! We also ordered based on the bartenders recommendations. 
Potatos Bravas- Crispy cubes of potatoes in a cheese and tomato sauce..so amazing..probably the highlight of the meal!
Octopus- Super super tender in a chimichuri sauce
Prawns- I didn't expect them to be served cold, but they were huge obviously..we thought they were a little "fishy" tasting but we ate them anyway..
Mussels- awesome, served in a white wine sauce with plenty of garlic and chopped tomatoes. I would have liked for there to be more broth..like swimming in broth but thats really just a personal preference..I'll definitely order them again!
Everything on the menu sounded absolutely amazing and there are plenty of options. I can't wait to get a cheese plate there..such a deal! You get 3 choices for like $17.50?! I saw plenty of them brought out to other customers and they're certainly not stingy with the portions!
What really stood out though was the service. There were several bartenders, plenty of servers and the general manager was coming around to speak with everyone individually. It felt like we were at a party with the nicest and most caring hosts. 
I can't wait to go back, awesome location, service is phenomenal the menu is extensive and the atmosphere is beautiful! Oh and be prepared to eat once you order! This place was pretty busy and our food arrived in minutes!As a Connecticut resident familiar with the original locations, I had to visit! I absolutely love the decor, setting and great outdoor space. We enjoyed a cocktail each (both the gin options) as well as a cheese trio to start. The cheese portions are very generous and we had the meatballs - good but slightly too charred. Unfortunately our server was not very attentive and we missed out on a round of drinks and one of the food items we ordered. Because of that, we opted for the chocolate cake which was good but nothing extraordinary. Overall need to visit again and hopefully have better service, still would recommend and look forward to trying more of the menu.
Would love to see a happy hour option on menu too!Went here for my birthday dinner with a group of 12. We were promptly seated and had a wonderful location towards the back of the restaurant which was perfect for our big group. The happy hour menu was still going and it was filled with great drinks and dishes at even better prices! The whole dinner was great from the food to the service and all of my friends had a great time! This is definitely a place I would recommend to anyone who loves tapas and wine!beautiful space. friendly staff provides wonderful service. nice wine list. flavorful tapas. prices on the high end for this neighborhood.Chose Barcelona from the thrill oat.com best brunch in Philly list. It was #2 but should be #1 with a few spaces to #2. The Spanish tapas in description caught my eye and my GF and I were there.
Everyone is SUPER friendly and even got to speak to the chef regarding the spinach/chick pea canzuela - delicious.
Started with a pitcher of white wine sangria. But the pitcher if you are having 2 glasses because a couple will get three each and it goes down like fruit juice. 
Sat outside even though it was cool with impending rain. Desiree, and original server from their opening last July was just everything you want in a server:friendly, knows the menu inside and out, and just really good at making our stay the best experience we could have. The support staff is just as friendly and helpful.
Food - look at the pics! Bacon wrapped dates were the best I have ever had and a regular item for us when it is available. We ordered 6 tapas items and could have ordered the entire menu as we watched what we didn't order go to other tables.
Look out Amanda - big competition on Passyunk Ave and it is called Barcelona.I've been here 5 times and two times I've had problems with service. They've had problems remembering what we ordered and delivering what we ordered. I've had to complain about not getting dishes twice, so unfortunately despite how good some of the food is, it's not worth it to deal with waiting for food for a long time. I'd rather go to a place that respects its customers and their time.Hands down the best addition to passyunk Ave. The food is flavorful and the staff incredibly attentive and pleasant. I would recommend this restaurant for any time of occasion and especially best for a quick bite. The bread is highly addictive. My kids love this place and they are tough critics.I'm new in town and haven't been out to many places but for sure this one of my faves so far. The ambiance is everything, the food is delicious, and the sangria is to die for. I had a super tasty cheese marinated in herbs, seafood paella, and two tapas.  For sure worth checking out! Def gonna come back in the summer for a girls night!  Must see on Passyunk!!First time going last night for my birthday. The service was impeccable. The place was packed and even so every member of the staff was attentive and patient and seemed genuinely happy to be there. Our server Alan had great knowledge of the menu. The food was outstanding every dish was perfectly prepared and the Paella was to die for! And I thought I didn't like Paella! I cannot wait to go back to this place!The most amazing tapas I've ever had. Every plate is more delicious than the next. The cheese plates are to die for. There are so many selections and the prices are reasonable. Went for a lunch date but was satisfied enough to skip dinner. Service is top notch. Will definitely be frequenting this spot.Finally had the opportunity to try this place. Every time I pass by, which is often, the line is out the door. I called ahead to ask about the wait time and was told they had a table immediately. I was there 5 minutes later and they sat us 5 minutes after that! The table was in a great spot, close to the kitchen and bar, so it was very lively. The noise was a good level, so I didn't have to yell when I talked. Our server, John, did a great job all around. The food was good and came out very quickly. I had the calamari, jamon and manchego croquettes, pescado empanada, spiced beef empanada, manchego cheese with fig, mushrooms with an egg on top and swordfish with chimchurri. I had another dish, but I don't remember what it was. I'll say, all the dishes were good, the empanada pescado was great. The wine selection was excellent as well. I ended with the cheesecake, which was exactly what my server told me to expect, which was good, but the tawny port I paired it with really made the dessert better. Overall a good food experience, great service and a great atmosphere.Half of our food was overseasoned and the other half was bland with little taste. Some of the dishes were even inedible. On top of badly seasoned or completely bland food, half of our dishes came out cold... explain that to me? My husband and I both didn't care for anything we ordered and felt this place to be a HUGE waste of money. I wouldn't have even considered this place without some pretty good recommendations so I don't know if we came on an oddly bad night or what? On top of the food issues, I will say this place doesn't fit in with the neighborhood. With it's over the top (trying too hard to be... trendy?) to the point of being silly decor and then the music that didn't match a wine bar... or any type of place I'd want to be. You walk in and this place shouts I'M A CHAIN RESTAURANT. All of that being said, there are so many wonderful restaurants with outstanding food in the area for the same price and some spots in the area where the food is a million times better for HALF the price point. I will never think about coming here again. Gross.I really enjoyed my visit here! Great atmosphere that while modern and busy was quaint and intimate. The bar was busy but looked like a decent place to grab a drink or have happy hour.  I dined later in the eve for dinner with a friend. They also offer outdoor seating but we were seated at table inside behind the partition separating the bar. Music was loud but not overwhelming and quite enjoyable.
We tried several tapas selections and as a vegetarian there was plenty to choose from. My meat eating friend was also pleased. I really liked the potato tortilla, patatas bravas, and the charred eggplant. For dessert if you like chocolate get the hazelnut cake, this was really rich! The dulche de leche crepes were great but a portion big enough to share.  Leftovers were great the next day. 
Our server was friendly and helpful and staff seemed eager to please. Overall a great addition to the Passyunk dining scene.Outstanding for both brunch and dinner. Have also been to the DC location. Never disappoints!  Great wine list, cheese plates, delicious food overall, and the house made chorizo is a must.Went for Passyunk Rest. Week, so it was a good deal. It was mobbed though, hard to get a drink at the bar, and they were about 30 mins late seating us for our reservation. It felt very hectic in there. Servers were nice, but we were a little surprised at the their lack of basic knowledge on the wine list. Like, not even knowing if their wines on special were red or white :/ 
Food was good, not outstanding. However, the hanger steak was absolutely delicious. 3.5 starsReally nice experience.  Bar staff Adrian and Nicole was super.  Nicole made blue cheese stuffed olives for my drink on request and Adrian took the time to explain the menu and food options to a great eating experience.  Must try bacon wrapped Dates, Albongigas was really good, spiced Beef Empanadas and braised short ribs.  Really everything we had was wonderful.   Highly recommend.Such a fun night! The wait staff is friendly &  helpful. The food was amazing. The hanger steak is fantastic as previous reviewers have said. So happy we New Jerseyans happened upon this new & exciting place. We will be back to share this experience with others. Hats off to Mike, Devon & Erin.By far one of the best restaurants I have been to. I am brand new to the Passyunk area. Walking around the area checking out the local restaurants I stumble upon Barcelona and decided to sit at the bar one weekday for happy hour. I was pleasantly greeted by one of the owners Mike and the bartenders were more than willing to let me sample some wines before I found a really great glass of Montecastrillo. I ordered Jamon Mangalica which is baby pig from Segovia, Spain and it was amazing. The bread is delicious. 
I came back this past Saturday to try their tapas and again was very impressed. The servers and bartenders are excellent. I was with 2 friends and was able to try their pulpo which was incredible, the spiced meatballs, spicy eggplant, figs and chorizo, patatas bravas, and the tortilla. I really was surprised at how much I loved the tortilla and recommend that along with the pulpo. 
If you want great service, wine, tapas, meat and cheese, then do yourself a favor and come here. I will be definitely be a regular.The bar staff, the food, the vibe were all super cool, chill and sexy! The bar was inviting, friendly and the drinks simply perfection in a glass! Hell yes!!!!Staff was great. Very knowledgeable of the menu and bar.  Food was delicious. Pricing was high for tapas and drinks comparable to other tapas related restaurants except this location has parking issues.We loved it here.  First of all the staff is amazing.  Super friendly and helpful - from the person who sat us (may have been the manager) to our phenomenal server Chris - we had a great experience.  The atmosphere is nice and although we sat inside the outside patio looked very inviting.  There's truly something on the menu for everyone.  In desperate attempts to expand the food palate of my 8 year old Tapas is a great way to go.  Her favorites were the meatballs and shishito peppers (which were more spicy then not - which she loved).  She even attempted mussels for the first time - the sauce was a delicious tomato based sauce with a little bit of zip to it. We had a good mix of plates - my highlights were chorizo with figs (I love all things fig) and the pork tenderloin.  We also had the asparagus and empanadas.  Would recommend everything we ordered. Can't wait to go back again.Went here the other night without reservation , and they took us pretty quickly after a short trip to the well manicured bar. The staff from the floor managers to the wait staff were extremely attentive and seemed quite eager to please. The wine list was extensive with a variety of bottles to suit budgets and appetites alike. 
The tapas were quite tasty - all across the board, I suggest you budget two per person plus maybe some cheeses and cured meats to start, so as to achieve the full effect of this place.
Situated in the heart of the passyunk restaurant corridor, competition seems high but Barcelona seems up to the challenge , and fits a nice niche that isn't currently represented. 
Pro Tip: if you are super nice and sociable , you might get free chips for a future glass of wine or tapas.Small tapas with tons of flavors. This place was packed. Mostly women. Lol. Great drinks. All of the small plates were packed with flavor. 
Metered parking outside.Amazing! Highly recommended. Everything was delicious. After all the tapas we ordered we were expecting an outrageous bill. Not so. Don't need to Oder an entree, tapas will fill you up.I'm surprised this place does not show up on "top places to eat in philly" lists. The food here was amazing. 
Meal: dinner with a friend
The order: shisito peppers, eggplant carbonara, sheep's milk cheese, bacon wrapped dates, chorizo and fig, hummus, scallops
Tapas style
Disclaimer: i'm a very picky eater. This food was fantastic. Every dish we ordered tasted great. We did not order the dessert (was not in the mood for the available options). 
Service was also good. No complaints at that end.
Wine selection was good. We were given a solid recommendation for red wine! 
I will definitely be returning here soon!Dined here on a Thursday evening.  It became fairly full by 7pm; good sign for a new place! Make reservations.  Beautiful interior, with a neat bar scene.
Overall pleasant, but I felt like I was dining with a group, as the servers (at least 4 different ones) were at our table every 2 minutes, literally. It was like drop a menu, take drink order, fill water, bring drink, take food order, drop off each item individually, bring bread, ask how every item is, check back 2 mins later.... you get the idea.  It was well-intentioned, but too much service is not good service.
Pros: complimentary bread and EVOO,
 patatas bravas, broccolini
Cons: gintonic and grapefruit cocktails, fried eggplant
Will likely go back, try wine and other menu items, but sit at the bar.One of the best new additions to Philly! The food and staff are amazing. The endless bread and oil was so good I still think about it daily. Would recommend a reservation because it is typically packed.I visited Barcelona over the weekend for a 7:15pm reservation, and was not seated until 8:15pm. This was not just me, but it seemed like most parties were not seated until at least one hour after their reservation time. This was extremely frustrating and disappointing and detracted from my overall experience there. 
Food wise, Barcelona is average at best. The charcuterie options were fair, and most of their tapas met the same standard. I ordered the broccolini and meatballs and they were forgettable. On the other hand, the pork belly was very good, but not worth the $10 price tag for the meager amount that was served. I also ordered the salvaje paella and I thought it was incredibly overpriced for what it was. Again, the flavors were nothing special.
Given the borderline ridiculous amount of time that not only me, but tens of other parties with reservations had to wait for, I do not see myself returning to this establishment or recommending it to others. The staff tried their hardest to be accommodating, and they were great in that respect. The host, our waitress, and even the bartenders were extremely attentive. Unfortunately, not a place I'd remember when I'm on my deathbed.I've been to Spain twice and this is one of the most authentic Spanish restaurants in Philly! I adored this place the first time I visited. Everything was so delicious - the steak, octopus, patatas bravas, paella, pork belly, scallops.
My second visit was slightly disappointing, the way the octopus was cooked completely changed. Instead of the beautiful grilled octopus leg we got last time, it was served fried and drenched in aioli. The steak was also overcooked and not as flavorful. Those were my two favorite dishes from the first visit so I wasn't too ecstatic. Maybe a new chef?
I also came for brunch once and everything was delicious. Try the fideua - it's similar to paella but served with noodles instead of rice.
Great place for drinks as well! Very large and has outdoor seating.Cool place!  Great Ambiance, good food a great drinks.  A bit pricey for the portion sizes, but definitely worth a visit.Wow! Simply wonderful !!!  Super-awesome staff, great food, and I love the atmosphere.  Two thumbs up !!I don't really "rate" many restaurants but my experience last night left me compelled to write a review of Barcelona on Passyunk (or Passhyunk if you prefer).
The overall experience here was fantastic.  It was busy however we were able to chill at the bar til a table opened outdoors. The staff first and foremost was awesome and our server was very knowledgeable and was able to steer us in the direction of a perfect bottle of wine for the meal.   
Full disclosure, this was a date night so the two of us shared some tapas.  The Hanger Steak w/ truffle vinaigrette was delicious.  Also the Jamon & Manchego Croquetas were a favorite thing of ours.  
Again, overall a great place and a definite keeper.  Good for a date night or even a night out with a small group of friends as its a very "sessionable" place. Atmosphere is fantastic and again, the staff were all so friendly.  You should definitely go.Have you ever hoped for an amazing night out? Fantastic. Would recommend getting here as soon as you can before the rest of Philadelphia finds out! The sangria was delicious, the tapas presented and tasted amazing, the empanadas, the calamari a la plancha, and the hanger steak... the truffle vinaigrette I could have licked it off of the plate. It doesn't even stop there, the crepes for dessert we're out of this world with the dulce de leche ! Can't wait to come back!!Amazing restaurant. The energy is authentic. The food is unique and flavorful. The staff was friendly and ensured every patron was valued. Overall, a nice evening. Compliments to Chef Paras.We stopped by for drinks. The restaurant has a great vibe and the bar tenders are knowledgeable. Next time I'm in town I will definitely be checking out the food. I'm giving it 5 stars for the excellent service, great drinks and the ambiance.Was looking to explore Passyunk Ave this evening and had originally been hoping to try Fond or Noord, however, so many places are closed on Monday. Read something recently about Barcelona Wine Bar so decided to check it out. The place has only been open two weeks but if was almostly entirely full around 7pm for when we had our reservation. We had a great experience. The service was friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable. We had a baby and they were very helpful. We had the pulpo, croquettes, albondigas, patatas braves, chorizo w/ fig and littleneck clams. Everything was delicious including the wine. I had the pinot noir from Argentina. We never received our croquettes so they didn't charge us for them. Our waiter at the end of the meal noticed we didn't really eat much of the pulpo so he didn't charge us for it because we didn't like it. He was extremely attentive and helpful, best service I have had in a while. The atmosphere at Barcelona is also great. It is in a great spot on a corner of Passyunk with ample outdoor seating and a great environment indoors. Next time I would like to sit at the marble U shaped bar that overlooks the bar and kitchen. I will be coming here again and highly recommend going!I would have loved to give here a 5 Star. Claire was very personable and friendly. Food was delicious! It was a great experience. Our downfall was unfortunately Courtney.  She made our group feel very uncomfortable by the looks we were given by her very impersonal looks towards us l, making us feel extremely unwelcome. We will return according to the staff.This place is legit! Awesome menu, really knowledgeable & helpful staff, and food that is out of this world. I lived in Madrid, Spain a few years ago and can vouch for the authenticity of the food. It does get really crowded and wait times for a table can be quite long, so grab a glass of wine from the bar while you wait- it's soooo worth it.Delicious food and even better service. A word of advice, make a reservation because this place gets packed. The table bread is amazing and the drinks are amazing!Barcelona is a wonderful place to eat and drink  tapas are delicious and the wine  list is incredible, the staff are absolutely amazing and the wait is not to bad, they move quickly!!! A must try...OH the bread is to die for.....Amazing! One of the best restaurants ive been to in a really long time. Great trendy atmosphere with good music and good social scene. We had a reservation and had to wait awhile but the food was worth the wait. We were in a big group and ordered a ton of tapas and each one was delicious!I don't usually give out 5 star reviews, but anything less would be a lie for Barcelona
The restaurant is big and has several different seating formats. this creates a nice, vibrant vibe. The service was top notch, very professional but still friendly. Special shout out to the food runners. With the ammount of small plates going out to different tables, their accuracy is commendable. On to the food:
Like any tapas place, you want to get as wide a variety of things as possible. We ordered:
Tortilla: kind of like a potato omelet/quiche, nice, staple of spanish food, a good way to start.
Ham and Cheese Croquettes: its fried cheese and ham, what could go wrong?! delicious, and I think this was a favorite of the Mrs. 
Hanger Steak: served medium rare, three (small) pieces of steak with a zesty sauce. Very nice, but a bit small for the most expensive item on the tapas menu
Boquerones: Small fishies cooked in a tangy sauce. I LOVED these, although she wasn't too fond. Lots of flavor in the sauce.
Patatas Bravas: Think fries, but better.
Fried Calamari: fresh, clearly not frozen (nothing worse than frozen calamari), accompanied by a nice chipotle aoli we ended up putting on some other things
For drinks I had a wonderful Uruguayan white wine, and she had a white sangria, which got the thumbs up.
For dessert we had a Basque burnt cheesecake. Nice, but nothing crazy.
Overall, this was a good experience, the price wasn't outrageous, the food was tasty and the service great. Certainly would recommend.Totally cute place! We went Sun night and it was packed and so alive inside! Can't wait to go back. We only had cocktails (fresh and smooth) and flan which was perfect! Can't wait to go back and try dinner.We dined on the patio and had excellent service with Joshua B. The majority of the five dishes we tried was poor, and for the most part downright unimaginative with respect to its flavor profile. The Brussel sprouts were cooked with sherry. The sherry taste dominated in a very intrusive and unpleasant manner. It reminded me of an off-flavored balsamic vinegar. The asparagus was unbelievably oily and the fibrous ends were not trimmed! As I was cutting a spear of asparagus, it slipped, slammed into a shrimp, and sent the shrimp flying onto the floor! One lost shrimp out of five, but at least that dish had redeeming qualities. The Fish Plancha was drowning in a sea of olive oil and not much else to savor or remember. We made a hasty departure to avoid further assault to our taste buds.I recently dined at this location with a girlfriend. The service was amazing. Our server, Chris, was not only extremely friendly, but was very knowledgeable. He even went out of his way to accommodate my gluten issues, and my friend's tree nut allergy to the extent that he revised a menu for us with options that were safe for us to eat. Thank you, Barcelona, for a great experience and for hiring fantastic professionals that allowed us to have a safe, really enjoyable dinner. And, thank you, for being understanding when we almost lit a menu on fire because we were catching up as we first sat down and didn't pay attention to how close the lit candle was getting to our flammable paper menus!‍I came here for the first time with a group of 6 friends last night and we had a fabulous time.  We made a reservation here earlier in the week for 9pm and good thing we did because there was still an hour and a half wait when we arrived.  The atmosphere was young and trendy with some music playing.  Absolutely loved the decor, and the service was great.  Our waitress, Tiffany, was amazing at providing both drink and food recommendations.  Not to mention she was incredibly friendly and attentive to our needs!  
We tried 4 different bottles of wine - a pinot noir, a sauvignon blanc, a merlot, and a malbec.  All of them were on the cheaper side but were delicious and complimented our tapas well.  As for food, we tried many of the tapas so I will highlight a few.  The patatas bravas were absolutely delicious.  Salty and came with aioli on top.  We ended up ordering two plates of these for our group.  The red snapper crudo was delicate and light.  Perfect for a summer evening.  The monkfish was one of the favorites.  The semolina crust was to die for!  The hanger steak with the truffle vinaigrette was my absolute favorite.  Some of the more average dishes were the asparagus, the spicy eggplant, the meatballs, and the zucchini.  They were good, but we might try some different ones next time we come back.  For dessert, we tried the crepes, the indulgence ice cream, and the cheesecake.  The crepes were by far the best and would highly recommend.  
At the end of the night, one of the managers came to our table to talk to us about our experience and he ended up giving us all "tapas tokens" for our next visit, good for a free tapa or glass of wine!  I already cannot wait to come back and will be the go-to spot to take friends from out of town!Barcelona is less than a year old and a great addition to phillys food scene. Great cheeses, peppers,small plates and wine. authentic tapas. Great atmosphere. Will return since there is so much to tryOne of my absolute favorites. Servers are knowledgeable and friendly, drinks are on point, and the food is always fantastic!! I have never, ever had a bad or mediocre meal at Barcelona, they're always tasty, filling, simple yet more flavorful than places that try to be fancy. Sometimes letting the food speak for itself will give you the best meal. I'm always counting the time until I go back and discover what's new on the menu.Exceptional experience here.  Stopped here w my wife for dinner over the weekend and after a long ride we decided to sit at the bar for a drink prior to dinner. In no way were we rushed to be seated and were able to take our time and take in the drink menu which had an expansive selection of wines and a decent basic whiskey selection.  Once we were ready to be seated , we were greeted by no less that four different people in the first ten minutes to make sure everything was ok and to freshen up our drinks,bread, etc.  and discuss the apps and menu . We ordered two cheeses and two charcuterie selections and generous portions were literally enough for a table of four. The Iberico ham and Beef Bresola were fresh and delicious as was the blue cheese and sharp wedge w ordered. As far as the dinner selections we ordered lots of small plates which were fantastic and highly recommended the crispy calamari as well as the swordfish which was the most tender and delicious grilled swordfish I've ever eaten. Also recommend the hangar steak as a must try. We will definitely be coming back here with friends in the coming months. The staff was pleasant and on the ball and made many good recommendations of things to try. Highly recommend visiting here.Was there last night for the first time. And I have to say I had a great time. The service is great. The food was good ( a little off from what I normally eat.. but still good if you're open to trying things) At one point one of the mangers ( I think he said his make was Mike. Longer hair pulled back, beard)  just stopped by to say hi and see how things where going and if we where enjoying everything, that hardly ever happens any more. Overall the staff really impressed me as I am very new to the world of wine. I first tried a wine I new, then I asked the bartender Dennis I had liked the riesling, but wanted to try something similar but different and in less then 10 seconds I had a different wine in front of me, and it was a great pick. So as a former server/bartender I knew that meant he really new his stuff. So over all I was VERY impressed. Amazing service. and will definitely be back and bringing friends.Definitely a must go if you're in town! Great atmosphere, amazing wine selection, and great food! Our server was personable and so friendly. If Ben is still around, ask for him, you won't be disappointed.i'm well overdue for a barceelona 1-star review. the vibe of this place is just eek, me thinks not. walk in and the hipsters are snarl at you for not being as cool at them. don't even get me started on the rude wait staff.
anyway, the food wasn't anything to write home about, barely enough to yelp about. the music was too loud and they keep the worst hours in the city. also, it was super cold inside, and the food wasn't even cooked all the way!Had a great time here! Tried a lot of good tapas, the octopus, scallops, croquettes and flourless chocolate torte were the best items! It is a very nice atmosphere with lovely staff. The manager, Mike, was very accommodating! We would go back!This place does traditional Spanish tapas very well--at reasonable prices, as far as Philly tapas go. I've enjoyed the jamón croquetas, pulpo, hangar steak, scallop ceviche, spinach y garbanzo cazuela, pan con tomate, as well as their jamón serrano and manchego cheese. Barcelona also has a nice wine list, and just try not to eat all of the warm, crusty bread they offer you before your food arrives. Plenty of outdoor seating, which is great in nice weather.This place has a great atmosphere and is great to come with a group. I love tapas and small plates and their selection is huge. Everything I've had there is delicious and so is the wine! If you come with a group and order a bunch of small plates it won't be a quick dinner, but sometimes you want that! Will visit again.Visited this new spot on a Sunday evening for a birthday dinner and was very impressed! The atmosphere was really cool - I loved the open kitchen and wooden bar. They had an awesome outdoor patio we were able to eat on overlooking passyunk avenue. The service was excellent and Or waitress was very helpful with cheese and wine selection.
We started with sangria which was good but maybe a bit watered down to me. We then had a cheese place which was amazing. They have a variety of options to choose from and all that we ordered were fabulous. We shared multiple tapas but the highlights were the patatas bravas and the ham and cheese croquettas. I wish we saved room for desert but will be sure to return!I eat here almost every week and it never disappoints. The wine list it's quite extensive and good quality. We usually sit at the bar and they have very nice bartenders.I was always hesitant about this place, but my fiancé and I just had such a wonderful experience here. Courtney was everything you would want in a bartender and did such a great job. Food was excellent and my Guns & Rose was super good. It's a nice space. It is a good, big (for a change) addition to the neighborhood. We will def be back often... recommendEveryone loves a good tapas bar and fortunately Philadelphia has a few good ones.  I was visiting from the West Coast and found this gem in South Philadelphia and the property is located on a corner with a great outdoor and indoor layout.  This isn't really a place for kids, great for dates and meeting friends. Service is very good, staff is friendly and knows their dishes and can give great recommendations.  I would say the only downside is the bathrooms are small for a place this size.  For food, I ran down chef created originals, Spinach & Chickpea Cazuela, great dish, needs something like a pita chip or something sturdy to eat with. Spiced Beef Empanadas, nicely done, simple and great shell. Gambas Al Aijillo, probably one of the stars, just fantastic flavor with the guindilla pepper. Beets with pumpkin seeds and grapefruit, what a refreshing dish...wonderful.  I actually dropped in myself prior to a flight, but bring a friend, you won't be sorry.My husband and I were looking for a new fun restaurant and we wondered into this place. The Sangria was flavorful and had a robust flavor. We started with Social Hour tapas and the had bacon and fig and shrimp tapas. Amazing! Marissa and Randy were great servers. We will be back.This place is absolutely positively amazing. They are truly committed to customer service. Reminds me of the Capitol Grille when it was owed by Rare Hospitality and not Darden as far as service go.  The food is great on top of everything else.Great restaurant with delicious tapas. The staff and chef really know how to take care of their customers. Super cool atmosphere..and did I mention the food was really good? You'll need to make a reservation because it gets pretty packed after 7pm.After studying abroad in Spain for a semester, the thought of eating tapas again made me want to pull out my tongue (not more paella and sangria!), but that was before I saw the glittering lights and steaming dishes of Barcelona Wine Bar.
First of all, the seating area is wonderful. There's an outdoor patio lit up with string lights and a very retro quote by Oscar Wilde (I love that man) above. We arrived around 7:30 and requested outdoor seating. It looked packed outside, but luckily some table had just been vacated and we only had to wait for 5 minutes before getting seated. That evening, it wasn't too cold, but when the hostess saw one of us shivering, she offered us blankets. 
There's an extensive wine list with wines from California, France, and Spain. The tapas menu was also diverse and had a lot of choices that suited all of us (one of us was a vegetarian). I was able to sample 9 dishes, but the ones that really stood out was the chorizo and fig in balsamic vinegar. The typical saltiness of the chorizo was cut by the chewy sweetness of the figs, and I couldn't get enough of the sticky sauce left behind. 
Some other good ones were the garbanzo and spinach, the crispy rice, and the cauliflower. For tapas, they're pretty sizable. They recommend 3-4 tapas per person, but I could've gotten full off of less, especially since we also got this softest bread with olive oil. 
Really lovely experience with good food, good wine, and a great environment.Not even realizing it was the same restaurant as one of my D.C. favorites, I booked my best friends birthday dinner for a party of 8 on a Friday night. 
Upon arrival, the line was out the door. You would think you were about to enter a bar. My girlfriend and her husband got there first and checked in. There was a swarm of people waiting as well and from what I could see, every seat in the restaurant was full. I walked in to check things out and the decor is beautiful! Think rustic meets modern..the cutest unfinished wood tables and a white marble bar. This location is definitely 50 times more appealing than the D.C. one. 
Fast forward an hour, we are still waiting for our table. To be honest, we were a little annoyed. The only thing that was holding us over was 2 rounds of samples of the potato tortilla and drinks from the bar. 
Finally, we get sat and pretty much order within 10 minutes, because we are all extremely hungry. For 7 people (one of our friends is GF), we ordered about 24 tapas and it was more than enough. Keep in mind too we are not the type of people to skim on food or eat 1 small piece of steak and say we're full. We go hard. Our waiter was fun, accommodating, and extremely helpful. (Thanks, Tony!) I enjoyed everything we got, but I think my favorites were the croquettes, pork belly, hanger steak, and mushrooms. I would also recommend the chorizo with figs, patas bravas of course, and the crispy eggplant. I would say, even with the rocky start with our wait, we had an amazing dining experience. The service and food made up for it. 
This place is great for groups. So much space! Just be prepared wait. Seems to be the new go to spot on passayaunk! 
Can't wait to go back!Great atmosphere and recommended by many , however i had a bad experience it took forever to be served after being seated the appetizer were bland and overpriced , not very authentic (I ordered the empanadas which come in 2 miniature size and Batatas bravas) is recomend for drinking rather than dining .Came here the other night to finally check it out. It's pretty big which is nice on Passyunk because there are a lot of small bars that get crowded quick, so it's good for larger groups. I love the wine list. Knowledgable and friendly staff. The bartenders were fun and great at what they do.  The cocktails were nicely done. The food? Just ok. Not bad by any means but you can tell it's a corporate spot.  That being said I will still come back for drinks and dinner.Me and my other half where looking for somewhere new to try and being from south philly decided to head up passyunk ave she want restaurants where up there we came across Barcelona wine bar was loads of people we went in and checked it out there was a 30 minute wait but was less than that we got seated and we ordered the tapas we had hanger steak, lamb chops ,potato pancake , mussels , and chorizo with Fresh figs a balsamic reduction everything was excellent and fresh also had the crepes for dessert I would highly recommend this place they only been open a month but I am already looking forward to going back againThe atmosphere is nice very lit, good energy outdoor seating is adorable. The food was good nothing amazing but pricing wasn't bad though even this is tapa style I still think for some dishes the portion was too small. Most memorable dish was the lamb chops which was only cooked on one side but very good. 
Wouldn't mind coming back here but wouldn't go out of my waySo we had reservations for 4 at 6:45 pm and still weren't seated at 7:30 pm.   I told them I was about to leave if they couldn't seat us and was promised a table in 3 or 4 minutes.  When that didn't happen, we started to walk out, only to be confronted by another staff member who pleaded with us to stay and offered us free drinks.  I politely declined, only to be followed out onto the sidewalk with more of the same pleading.  I've never encountered anything like this before.  At that point, I wouldn't have stayed if the food was free.  Totally unprofessional and bizarre behavior.Just went to their opening night with a friend and we are impressed! I've never been to a Barcelona Wine Bar, but the servers were very knowledgeable, if a little over attentive, but plates were cleared to make room for more and water was always full! 
Patatas Bravas were excellent and so flavorful. Same with the Crispy Rice, Asparagus, and Sweet Corn, which they took the bacon off of for this vegetarian, which was nice. The Wild Mushrooms were good, but we were both apprehensive with the soft yolk. We ended up trying it and it was still very good! Also caved and tried the Chocolate Hazlenut Indulgence and it was so worth it! Also has no egg or flour, but it tasted phenomenal. 
We had a glass of wine each and they were good, as well. Will definitely be back!This place is a true gem! Service and food were awesome. I loved the vibe and decor. The tables were a bit of a wait on a Saturday, as expected but seats popped up at the bar and we were able to order food there as well. Shared 4 small plates and bread between the two of us and it was just right. The mushrooms were my favorite! The steak was a very small portion at $12. Overall I can't wait to come back!I recently ate here for a friend's birthday and the food was fantastic! There were 20 of us celebrating a friend's birthday so we did the prix fixe tapas for $35 per person. It was more than enough food and they even brought out extra of the items we liked without charging us extra. The variety of tapas was also fantastic as we had different folks with varying food restrictions and they had several options for everyone. Our server Tony was very charismatic and accommodating, especially with such a large party.
The space is really nice and large. We were one of several large parties in the restaurant at the same time. They also have a really cute outdoor patio area. 
All around the food, service, space, and experience were great. I will definitely return!This was our parties first time visiting this restaurant. Food was excellent we had several small plates. We definitely plan to return and the service was excellent. Before we finished plate another was in front of us. Keep up the good work!A delightful visit. Had been to their location in West Hartford, CT and we loved the Philadelphia location as well. Very kind staff who genuinely celebrated our five year anniversary and were hospitable, warm, and celebratory with us. We felt like family!
Patatas bravas and chorizo are must orders. Crispy rice dish is also comforting and the tortilla is pretty authentic. Have already recommended the place to friends and will be back again.This is a must-go! 10 of us came to dinner and they treated us like royalty. Mike the General Manager is walking the floor to make sure all the tables are happy, you can feel his presence and how great is it to see that either a manager or the owner is present?! He brought out a leg of Jamón and carved the pieces himself for us, top-notch service here. Also, Benoit our server was attentive, friendly, knowledgeable of the menu, he asked our taste in food and ended up recommending a few plates based on our palette likes, how many restaurants can you say that of? Not many. He took the time to ask how our day was, if we were celebrating a special occasion, basically made us feel so welcome. Now the food speaks for itself, you can taste the love they put into this food. The tapas plates we ordered came out in minutes, anyone that comes here MUST have the hanger steak! Our seafood paella was delicious, the amount of seafood in the paella was plenty and it was well worth the price. If you haven't gone please do and experience it for yourself! Thank you Mike, Benoit and Lexi for making us feel so special!On the one year anniversary of visiting Barcelona, P. and I decided to try Barcelona Wine Bar for some Spanish wine and tapas. There was a little bit of a wait to get a table, even after we called ahead to see if we could get a reservation and were told just come on over! Not a big deal. We grabbed a drink at the bar and by the time we got a few sips in our table was ready. P. Used to live near the Barcelona in West Hartford Connecticut and loved going there so he was in charge of what to order. We chose 3 items from the cheese and charcuterie section: the manchego (a must have when enjoying Spanish food IMO), the Serrano ham (yum!) and the San Simon (a little smokier than I prefer in a cheese). Then we chose the Patatas Bravas (crispy and delicious), the hangar steak (really tender and flavorful, but a bit smaller than I thought the price warranted), and the gambas a ajillo (yummy shrimp). After enjoying my first glass of red Spanish wine, I asked for a recommendation of another red to try and was offered a tasting of 3 glasses of wine that fit my criteria, which I thought was a nice touch. I can't remember which one it was that tried but it was delish! Finally we saved room for desert. P. Had the crepes and I went with the hazelnut chocolate cake, which was basically a chocolate lava cake with ice cream. Usually a safe bet, although I think my cake was slightly overdone making it a little hard on the outside. I enjoyed a nice cappuccino with my desert while P. Opted for the sherry flight. He really enjoyed that! For me, on a Tuesday night, this was such a nice treat. The service was really friendly and I'd like to come back again soon.came here for my birthday dinner and had a very pleasant night. the indoor decor of this place is very stylish and rustic which i loved. the bar area especially is so cute and very open which kept the flow of this place very welcoming. my server Devon was very courteous and attentive and noticed that it was my birthday and offered a birthday surprise on the house which was very delicious.
TAPAS
- red snapper & crudo: my favorite dishes of the night. the little pickled peppers and olives were a very good carnish for this umami dish
- jamon croquettas - nothing special here, wish there was more jamon 
- lamb - very well cooked, wish it had more flavor though
- little neck clams - i advised my boyfriend not to order these because clams are clams. they're always the typical white wine, olive and garlic, which is what we got.
- potato tortilla - this was different, but i enjoyed it. it was almost like a little piece of flaky potato pie with sour cream. i don't know that i'd get this again but definitely don't regretting trying it out
- pork belly - loved the sauce on top but wish the meat was cooked a little bit more
SEAFOOD PAELLA
i specifically asked to make it not that salty, but it was still pretty salty but i was pleased with the portion for the price and amount of seafood i received. i can't stress enough that a lot of paella i eat is so salty and i know it's because that broth has just been sitting all day. 
overall i think this has been a great first impression on me. service was impeccable, food was pretty decent and wine was moderately priced and tasty. i think they just need to work on some of the finesse on some of their dishes and we'll be on our way to a 5 starGreat staff. Great atmosphere but stay away from the chorizo paella for two. It was barely enough for one ... definitely not worth $52 plus the rice was undercooked. It tasted great though. Would go back for the bar and a couple tapas.Great tapas, great server Randy, great manager Matthew, awesome ambiance, nice looking kitchen- missing a chef's table. Food- get the pork belly, crispy eggplant, beef empanada - has a spicy kick to it which is great, crispy rice- ask for cheese and put it on top, mayo needs to be on the side.Total disappointment they have taken tapas portion to the extreme. Minimalist tapas I think would be more appropriate. Flavor is boring it's like being pretentious trying to look and taste like the Spanish tapas in Barcelona. I've been to la ramblas la boqieria in Barcelona and its too far from the portion look and flavor of those tapas.
Prawns are actually shrimplet. Steak came in less than one oz. and flavor is just nowhere near Spain tapas not even near Boston barcelona resto for fair comparison.
Salmon do not bother to order it just yucky.
Yelpers 4,5 rating here I think is just way off. For total disclosure place looks great and customer service was excellent just the food are just below par.
.This place was recommended by a friend. At first I was hesitant to try this restaurant since I travel a lot and have eaten in some authentic spanish cuisines. I was proven wrong and was amazed how the food and service was!!! Randy(our server) was amazed and well verse with their menu. She took time in explaining us their menu and was cordial and friendly the entire time we were there. Indeed excellent service really do make a difference! Also, the manager Matthew took the time to check on us once we were done with our food and made sure we were satisfied with them!! Food was excellent and was nearly as close to the authentic tapas I've tasted!! I liked their anchovies, crispy eggplant, duck heart, pork belly and of course their White SANGrIA!!! I would really recommend this place to my friends!!!!This place is fantastic!!!
The staff is second to none, fun and very personal!!! Food was fantastic! We had a table of six and everyone had the best dining experience! Great food, great people and super environment. Michael Nunes and Franky and the sassy girl were the best ever!!! Loved the joke they played on me!!!
I deserved it!!!Great food so-so service with delivery staggered to well over an hour and a half to our table of eight. the servers several times came to our table with what they claimed were free dishes because the order was screwed up.  We have been here four times but won't be back not because the food isn't great. The reason is the unbearable noise level in the restaurant. We got there at around 6 o'clock and level of noise was so loud that you could only hear the person immediately next to you.  A little noise absorbing material on the walls would really help this place.I am really impressed with what they did with the space, but more impressed with the food and service. Great addition to Passyunk Avenue. Had a bunch of different wines, food, and desert. The beverage manager, Matt, stopped by and chatted with us for a bit which was great. Awesome experience. Can't wait to go back!Came in for dinner last night. Large selection of charcuterie and tapas. Cool modern ambiance and friendly staff. Took off one star because we had to wait almost 30 minutes for our sangria to arrive which was very annoying, we were half way through our tapas before it came. Now for the food:
Albondigas- perfectly cooked and seasoned meatballs with a tasty marinara sauce. I would come back just for these!
Croquettas- comes with 4 small croquettas with a nice crispy exterior and a smoky ham and cheese inside. Has a little spice to it as well
Beef Empanadas- just okay. Wouldn't order again. Came with two very small empanadas they were a little dry
Seafood paella- loved it! Perfect texture not mushy and beautiful presentation. I had read other reviews that stated you should order in the beginning as it takes about 45 minutes. I asked the server about that and he said no I should order later. I waited about 20 minutes after we were done our tapas before the paella arrived and the couple we were with were only doing tapas. Oh well
Sangria- although it took far too long to arrive we were happy with it. I preferred the traditional sangria over the herbed sangria as the herb sangria was too sweet.
Overall great experience and food! I'll be back for sure :)Amazing food wine and service !!! Adrienne the bartender  went above and beyond to give us great service , we will be backI should warn that I originally was going to give this place 1 star due to my frustration that we had a reservation for my birthday dinner and weren't seated until 40 minutes after the reservation time. However, the wait staff and kitchen completely redeemed our experience! I have food sensitivities and our waitress went above and beyond to ensure that we were able to eat something there that would be tasty but prevent me from feeling ill later. She also helped recommend wine that was delicious and not too costly. I cannot thank the kitchen and our waitress enough for making my birthday so much more enjoyable. I will definitely be back for more of the delicious tapas and now I know what I can eat. Loved the Kale Salad and the steak. Boyfriend loved the potato tortilla and whipped sheeps cheese. We will be back! 
Also, seemed they have a good happy hour for those of us who prefer wine or have a gluten sensitivity.I love me a good tapas place and despite Barcelona being a chain, I wanted to give it a go. While the food is not as wonderful as Tinto or Amada, the service is excellent and it is definitely the happening place to be. We had a reservation for 4 people at 7pm on a Friday. By 8pm, the place was absolutely mobbed. Despite an obvious wait for tables, we were not rushed at all. 
We ordered a ton of food and drinks to split between the 4 of us. I had my fair share of red sangria which during happy hour was $4.50! The short rib, bacon wrapped dates, crispy calamari, pulpo, hanger steak, butternut squash, and bread pudding was amazing. We could have done without the pork belly, chorizo with sweet and sour figs, scallops, and potatoes bravas.
Choose your tapas wisely and you won't be disappointed. And extra points for being able to get the happy hour specials at the tables. I would come back for happy hour!This place was amazing. We had dinner for a friend's bachelorette party and they had our table ready upon arrival. The staff was super attentive and accommodating. The food was DELICIOUS and arrived in a timely manner as described by our waiter, Josh. For being completely packed on a Friday, we always had extra water on the table and our plates were cleared when needed. Definitely going back!Food was good but service was subpar. Our food arrived over an hour after we ordered. Our waiter was so busy he barely came to our table at all and it took over 30 minutes just to place our order. The food was good but not fantastic. We've been to Barcelona in Boston and Washington DC but never impressed enough to return. Too bad.Barcelona could be one of many places in Passyunk to consider for happy hour during the summer  -- they have cocktails, wine, and small plates. There's outdoor seating and the restaurant has open air seating. I tried the rosé sangria, pulpo, red snapper carpaccio, and ensalada mixta, which were all ok.This place has some of the nicest servers/staff I've ever encountered, on top of great food! Based on the hype leading up to its opening, I always expect it to be slammed but have so far always gotten a table. Their little outdoor area is great. 
Drinks are a little pricey, but that's probably to make up for the fact that you're sharing so much food. I went with two friends and we got seven tapas and a pitcher of sangria and only spent $30 (plus tip) - it's a great spot for food with friends! I just wish they did happy hour!This is a GREAT restaurant.  We went on a whim and can't wait to go back. The waitstaff and the manager Mike were awesome.  The kitchen is open late and the menu is huge.  Kick back and enjoy a night out.  Don't forget to put money in your meter, PPA is in the neighborhood to make a buck!!Great find with awesome decor and even better food. Went here with my dad when he visited and the tapas are reasonably priced and great for sharing. The bartenders and servers are fantastic and very knowledgeable with the food, wine, and other drinks.Wish I could give no stars. Plate after plate of old terribly prepared food. Missing ingredients(cauliflower), plates mostly overcooked (chorizo & figs) or undercooked (shishito peppers). Dead affect waiter who had to run away & ask someone, every time we had a question. Finally 3 dried out old desserts. Pre made (elsewhere) desserts. Old dry flan, dry cheesecake & dried out chocolate cake (w/flavorless hazelnut ice cream). Noisy too.
Don't know why East Passyunk Avenue needs a chain restaurant.Loved it! Came here with a couple friends. Adds such a great vibe to south philly. Beautiful ambiance, delicious food, and delicious wine. Can't go wrong! Definitely get a cheese and charcuterie board, favorite part ! Will be back!!It seems my one star review got taken down, so I'll do it again. I went with my wife and parents for a birthday dinner, and it was one of the worst all time meals I have ever had.
Mostly it was the food and the service. I can deal with the 90 dB noise, but not bad food or service. I ordered cauliflower with bowuerones. Where are the Boquerones I asked the waiter. He had to run off to get the answer as he did with every question we asked him, and when he came back he said they were ground up in the sauce. However there was no sauce, and unfortunately no boquerones.The spinach Cazuela was so nasty and overcooked it immediately gave me a stomachache. We went on Sunday night and the food was old. The desserts were old & made by someone elsewhere (flan, cheesecake, and dried out chocolate cake With flavorless hazelnut ice cream). The rest of our food was mostly all dried out and terrible. I can' remember the other things we had but it was a few weeks ago & not a very memorable meal in a good way.
If I could give this review no stars, I would. A true disappointment, and I don't understand how everybody thinks this is a good restaurant. SuckersOn Sunday, August 19, my wife, friends and our 8 week old puppy stopped at Barcelona.  I can only say the reception that we got with the puppy was over the top!  Not only was the food outstanding, chorizo with figs, dinks and wine... the service we received and watched as others received, not having a puppy with them, was superior.   We will be back!Updating my review to 4 stars because this management team cares greatly about their guests experience, and reached out to acknowledge any constructive criticism I shared. More management teams need to be paying attention like Barcelona is. Two thumbs upPoint blank I loved the place. My wife and I got there just in time for the last bit of bone marrow they just added to their menu. The scallops were a bit salty but other than that no complaints. Loved the atmosphere, our server was great, drinks were great, and the music was fantastic. Really great spot for a date nightService was a 2. Food was a 4-5 so I split the difference. Would have preferred to give a 3.5
Show up on time for a 7 pm reso and our table is not ready. No big deal, stuff happens that's beyond their control. But we stood there for 30 minutes, no comp drinks offered, no room at the bar. Again, not a big deal. Their error was to tell us twice that the table was being cleaned and then not seating us for 20. 
Waitress shows up immediately and brings waters.  She brings the best bread I've ever had, but no oil. After 10 minutes we finally find her and she pours a small amount on our plate. After 30 minutes our first course, a charcuterie plate, gets to to the table. Everything is great. 
But the second and third courses start getting rapid thrown at us. No fresh plates. And no waitress when we need her. Don't think this was as a result of any lack of ability on her part, they seemed a bit understaffed. But again, just tell us what to expect and we could have gotten along just fine. 
We were there for 2.5 hours, which is fine. I like to take my time but it was a bit too long. Especially when searching for the waitress the whole time.
Things not to miss: croquettes, potato tortilla, any/all of the charcuterie.Delicious food! We went for brunch on New  Years Day. Highlights  of what our group enjoyed were tortilla española, outstanding chorizos and figs, and tasty fresh bread. Service was also excellent!This place is nothing short of amazing! The food was delicious and the service was exceptional. The patatas bravas, potato tortilla, and the spiced meatballs were extremely tasty. All in all the vibe at this place is awesome and the food is just as good if not better. I will definitely be back!Sat outside and felt like we were on top of the tables next to us.  Food was just meh.  Plates were beyond small even for tappas.  Walked down to Stogie Joe's.Wife and I were here for happy hour.  They have some good small plate options on the hh menu and my wife loved their wine selections. The albondigas were ok and I was not a big fan of the potatoes. We also got the pulpo, shrimp and swordfish. Pulpo was our favorite with shrimp being a close second. We liked the swordfish and would get it again just thought the pulpo and shrimp were better. The service really makes the place. We sat at the bar and the bartenders have great personalities and are very attentive. We will be back.Came here with a group to celebrate a friends birthday. We had a reservation on a Sunday night and although we probably didn't need it, it was better that we had one for a larger group. 
We had a wonder waiter and also has a few others keeping an eye on the table to make sure our water glasses were full and so was the two bread baskets. 
Everything was a la Carte so it came out when each individual dish was ready. We ordered a bunch of tapas to share. Some of what we got was the empanadas, bourdon spice rack, drunken goat cheese, potatoes bravas, meatballs and squid just to name a few. It all came out fresh from the kitchen and was prepared beautifully. All of the dishes paired wonderfully with the sangria, both red and white. Highly recommend this place! Great for wine lovers and foodies!This place has a great wine selection with varied price points but the food isn't stellar. I will come back for a drink and maybe charcuterie but will save my money for much better tapas at Amada. The tapas were either small in portion or just plain odd. The potato tortilla and mushrooms were tasty though I didn't care for the shrimp, eggplant caponata, and crispy rice. The bill was also high and I'd rather spend that much at a higher end place like Amada.One of the tastiest and most fun restaurants in philly! Not expensive but the caliber of the food and drinks is high! Nicole served us during my going away dinner and she was an absolute pleasure and a wonderful waitress. They made it such a lovely celebration. Thanks for another knock out dinner Barca and for being so helpful and nice Nicole!!The vibe is cool with wood decor and a large marble bar. Happy hour is limited (sangria, some wine/beer, a cocktail and a few apps)-- but a good deal. Small tapa dishes--my favorite was the steak or the meatballs. The basket of bread is equally delicious and I barely like bread anymore. Food came out fast. Sat at the bar and had honestly some of the best service ever--water glass was always full and the second I was near close to empty on wine they would check in. Super friendly staff too. Got really busy with long waits after 7ish on a Friday--but you could grab drinks at the bar while waiting.Thanks, Barcelona, for coming to Philly.  Best wine by the glass in the city, great service, great food.  Bonus that you allow my dog to hang out on the patio with me.  He loves Barcelona as much as I do!The restaurant was packed on a Saturday night during restaurant week.  It was a little frustrating waiting for almost 2 hours before we got seated.  Our server was nice but I wished she stopped by our table a little more frequently to check on us. It would have been nice to have our water refilled throughout the night, as we are a group that stays hydrated while eating and drinking. We must have asked 3 different people for bread. Finally the manager asked the server and we were able to soak up the leftover sauce from the dishes. Overall the food was good. We ordered a variety of different tapas. The pulpo and swordfish were very tender.  The albondigas meatballs had wonderful spices; and the sauce that accompanied with it was great for dipping.  The potato tortilla and patatas bravas were decent. Still can't compare to the authentic dishes straight from Spain but good recreations.  I would skip the sangria and go with the wines like cava.Wes and the entire staff were incredible. I'm so happy to have this kind of dining experience in south Philadelphia. The service, cocktails and food were absolutely better than anything I've had in a long while. Keep the Virginia guy there - he keeps everyone happy.When your told 9:30 and it becomes 1 1/2 after. 
I've eaten here many times before and it's a great place. Between the wine and tapas, I truly do enjoy it. 
For repeat customers, it's discouraging for service to be as such.We had a wonderful experience tasting different wines as Vanessa explained them to us. I highly recommend coming here for a fun night and wine tasting.  We had a great time.The food was great and will definitely go back. The sea bass and paella were delicious entrees and all of the tapas we tried save for the croquettes were fantastic. 
The service is definitely going through opening kinks and is the only reason to not give a 5 star review. Our server told us to put the entree orders in first since they take a long time to cook. We put the fish and paella orders in and then ordered tapas. Sure enough the first thing out was the entrees followed by all of the tapas at the same time. There was no spacing of the dishes. 
There was also a bit of a hovering issue. Our server and another server/manager asked us every 90 seconds how we were doing and how things were tasting.  
Finally, I didn't know quite how to respond when our server said "so, Tuesday night. Is Tuesday night double date night?" Despite that odd interaction, we'll be back.This place is fantastic. Bacon-wrapped figs, shishito peppers, and countless other dishes exceeded our expectations for a laid back Saturday lunch. Equally fantastic was the service. All staff were knowledgeable, attentive, and personable. We will definitely be back on our next trip to Philly.Knowing Chef Paras was at the helm in the kitchen, my date and I braved yesterday's torrential down pour to sample his deliciousness. The restaurant has a fantastic rustic design and was bustling despite the bad weather. Chef bombed our table with some of his favorites. The flavor parade started with an assortment of cured meats and cheeses followed by red snapper carpaccio, sweet corn, jamón and manchego croquetas, crispy eggplant, pulpo, broccolini, wild mushrooms, and sliced hangar steak with a truffle vinaigrette that was liquid gold. He also sent over an out of this world combination of chorizo and figs with balsamic reduction that made us melt in our seats. Excited for my next visit to Philly so I can sample even more of this stellar menu!We went on a beautiful summer day and were able to be seated outside, where the ambiance on the back patio was fantastic. The waiter began by thoroughly explaining the whole food and drink menu, which was very helpful since there are a lot of options. We listened to some of his recommendations and ordered a few tapas, and kept ordering more because they were so delicious! Food, ambiance, and especially the service, were all outstanding. Would highly recommend for a relaxed meal where you can try a bunch of different Spanish tapas, alongside an extensive wine menu!Fantastic dining experience for our anniversary dinner. Thisnplace has great ambience and is another big hit in the burgeoning Passyunk Avenue restaurant scene. Our server was friendly and attentive and we started off with a wine tasting flights and some cheese...the goat and manchego were great. 
We ordered a bunch of tapas... I would recommend the lamb, spicy eggplant, and the potato tortilla. However, I would insist upon the chorizo and sweet figs.  One of the best dishes I have ever had anywhere. I would come back again and again just for this...an indescribably perfectly delicious combination.Everything here was lovely: great location, friendly service, warm decor and fantastic food. We had a big group and our servers were attentive and never missed a beat. Special call out for the amazing bread!My husband and I came here for a late Sunday dinner. We called to make sure that we didn't need reservations and for a Sunday, they said we would be okay. When we got there, the hostess remembered the call immediately and sat us in our preferred seating location (they have a small, but pretty outdoor seating area as well). The ambience of this restaurant was amazing. We were impressed with the decor and the overall look and feel of the restaurant. We came pretty late (10ish) for a Sunday so they informed us a few times that the menu changes into a "late night menu" soon, so we could order before it did, which I really appreciated. Our waitress also gave us both menus so we can have access to both.
Overall, the service was really great. Anything we asked for, we were greeted with smiles. We also love trying new things so we were given options for wine selections, etc. The bread that they give with the olive oil, was warm and really delicious, we even asked for seconds.
As for our meal, we opted for the wine & cheese to start off with. We took the suggestion of our waitress for this, and she was on point. She gave us a selection of spiced salami (I don't eat meat but my husband does), and two cheeses which we really enjoyed.
As for the main meal, we ordered 4 tapas, and we were so full! We ordered Patatas bravas, shishito peppers, eggplant caponata, and pan con tomate. Patatas bravas was by far our favorite and we finished every last bite. Shishito peppers was also extremely authentic and good. We recently visited Spain and Italy and it took us back to our trip. Eggplant caponata and pan con tomate was okay, I think it was too bland for our taste.
We will definitely return because the service was phenomenal and the food was also definitely worth us coming back.Loved it here! Great atmosphere. Went here with a group of 4 friends and ordered a ton of food. It was super cheap! Some food items we really liked were the hanger steak, albondigas, Gambos al ajillo (shrimp dish), cheese plate, spiced beef empanadas, and jamon & manchego croquetes. Items we would maybe not order again would be the mussels, mushrooms, and cauliflower- just eh! The dessert was also great- especially loved the chocolate cake & cheesecake. The manager was so nice and wanted to know our thoughts on everything at the end. He even brought out something we really wanted to try but forgot to order (pulpo- octopus). Overall great experience and we'll definitely be back!Was here for the first time last night with a group of friends and had a phenomenal experience. Specifically due to our interactions with the Manager Mike who treated us like absolute royalty. The resturant was very slammed and as a result the service was a little slow, which Mike graciously rectified. 
Under normal circumstances I would have left with a sour taste in my mouth after slow service but the amazing food, drinks, and due to Mike- I have nothing but amazing things to say about our experience. 
Also- TRY THE PAELLA!!This place is great! Love the decor (my friend got ideas on something for his house) and the place has a fun vibe. The small plates are tasty, reasonably priced and actually appropriate for sharing - uncommon for tapas! Especially enjoyed the chorizo with figs and the wild mushrooms. The manager mike was incredibly friendly and we felt like we made a friend - he remembered us the next time we went back! Overall one of my favorite restin town.We decided to give this place a shot during restaurant week. 
Reservations were made a couple days in advance with the website.
We were seated in the smaller table with neighbors very close to you. Cramped and elbow length. Basically you heard their conversation and they heard yours. Server can barely hear what we wanted to order because of the noise level.
So I did restaurant week menu and my other half just ordered the vegetable paella. So the restaurant week menu allowed me to pick 4 things out of the regular menu.
I picked Red cabbage ensaladas which had almonds, apples and valdeon cheese. The cheese was too strong for me. The crispy calamari was a favorite among the other people sitting near me. The patatas bravas was also a popular dish that was seen around me so I tried it. However, my favorite was the pulpo which was the most tender octopus that I have ever tasted.
Overall, nice experience but I felt that the waitress was being a bit pushy to some people and I didn't like that the vegetable paella dish came after I finished all my "restaurant week" dishes.My husband and I tried this new spot on EPA last night and were not disappointed! We went shortly after they opened which was great because they were not busy yet and our server had a lot of time to go over the menu and wines with us and chat. We tried the heirloom tomato salad, skate, scallops, and broccolini. All were delicious!! The skate I found a little too salty, but everything else was really tasty.  I like that they offer 3oz glasses of wine so you can make a flight with whatever kind you want. Our server made some excellent recommendations based on my preferences as I am no wine guru and did not recognize a lot of the wines on the menu. My husband got a cocktail and did not love it and the ice cube took up the whole glass - but I guess when at a wine bar you should probably stick with wine. Overall I would give 4.5 stars but will round up to 5 for a great first experience!Great new spot for tapas, Sangria and the whole Spanish theme. Loved itI went with my friend and we both LOVED this place. We had reservations at 8:30pm, but weren't seated until about 9pm but it didn't even matter. The vibe was so fun and the people were so nice. The food was phenomenal. Definitely try the cheeses and the smoked pork belly. Shout out to the manager Mike and Erin and our servers Frank and Patrick. They really spent the time to get to know us and explained the menu well.We made reservations for six for a friend's surprise birthday dinner, and our friend who we were surprising and her husband were running a little late. Despite the fact that the place was absolutely packed, they held our reservation and could not have been nicer about it. We did the tier one tapas tasting, which I highly recommend. They were careful to make sure that they brought enough of each thing so that we could all get a good taste of everything. I had two cocktails - the first a bourbon cocktail with maple syrup, and the second the Guns and Rose sangria. Both were delicious and went down really easy. The standout tapas to me were the hanger steak and the chorizo and fig dish. The steak had a delicious mustard sauce and was cooked very rare, and although I usually prefer my steak more towards medium, I really enjoyed the dish. The chorizo and figs dish was deliciously sweet and spicy and rich from the pork fat - it's definitely a must try! We will definitely be back!this place is wonderful! my husband and i took our dogs for dinner and they brought a water bowl over for our dogs! they make incredible mocktails, and my husband had the best bloody mary he ever drank ever. the plates are small but great for sharing, the bread tastes fresh baked, we didn't have anything we didn't like. we will definitely be back! the service was amazing, our server kept checking in on us to make sure we enjoyed everything that we got. and for the vegans and vegetarians out there- they have a lot of great options for you! and a great fine cheese selection that isn't too bad on price either. really glad this place opened up in such a great location!!Absolutely love this place ! For all of the hype, reviews on eater 38, and a "chain" in other states;  this wine bar by far exceeded my expectations. Although the wait to get table will take forever without reservations, the bar area moves pretty frequently of people eating and mingling. From ambiance standpoint, the entire bar is extremely inviting with its open feel and even better U-bar set up. Love the bar area! Service here is top notched,  with multiple people always checking to make sure everything is fabulous. Wine wise, you had a wide variety of options and appreciate the option for both 3 or 6 oz pours. The tapas here with its wide variety and options, immediately transported me back in time when I was in Spain a couple years ago. My favorite of the night was the papas fritas. Personally didn't care for the spinach and chickpea dish, more o a combo of flavors and texture thing. Lastly, any cheese for myself, you can't go wrong. My childhood nickname of "the mouse" still resonates very much so to this day. 
Highly recommend this place. If you're going on the weekends, definitely make a reservation or be prepared to wait 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours at least. 
Excited for my next visit to try more of the tapas options and the paella.Totally blown away by this place. Every dish that came out was better than the last. I think this restaurant just opened, but it didn't feel like it: meaning the service and management were on the same page. Friendly and knowledgeable service. Really enjoy places where the manager comes around to introduce themselves and make sure everything is up to par. That always resonates well with me. The wine flights were great, and ordering a lot of tapas plates made for a great meal. The chorizo and fig tapas was my favorite. I will certainly be back for the experience and the food.What an amazing dining experience. The atmosphere inside and out are very cool and has a modern, rustic feel. It was my first visit but I was immediately greeted with a complimentary dish and shortly after beginning my meal a second! 
They have an extensive wine list and the menu has some amazing items on it. The highlights were the drunken goat cheese, hanger steak, and seafood paella.
To top it off, the customer service is outstanding. The paella we had ordered took longer than usual and a supervisor came to remedy the situation promptly. The waiters and waitresses were SO friendly and inviting. Never have I ever experienced a better dining experience. 
My girlfriend and I can't wait to be back and tell all of our friends to come visit this place ASAP! I would rate this place 5+ stars if I could.Came on opening night and I must say, the service was impeccable. They have an extensive wine list, which includes flights (I recommend). This is a tapas place, so grab some friends and enjoy some cheese and appetizers to share. Three cheeses will run you $17.50, which is a deal, considering they are $6.50 when purchased singly.
The staff was super friendly and we even got to try some tapas on the house (both of which were excellent).
Ample outdoor seating space and a wrap-around bar round out this huge space, which looks rather rustic and (almost) makes me feel as if I'm in Tuscany. 
Can't wait to come back!I went for the first time last night with my dad and sister and we were very happy.  The food was good, the wine was great, I love that they have half pours so you can try the variety. It's a great place to go for a quick bite with friends, and there's a ton of room so hopefully there won't be a long wait on weekends.  Will definitely be returning!Great place to go if you wanna try just about everything on the menu lol. The tapas are very reaonably priced and delicious. Barcelona has an extensive wine selection & a few signature drinks that you must try. What I really liked about this place is the open kitchen  & outdoor seating,  which I'm  sure will be a winner all summer long .I visited Barcelona for the first time on a a Friday evening for some wine and cheese, so my review is solely barely on wines, cheeses, and the service. 
Ambience: Place is really cute and hipster. The bar area looked excellent with nice lightings over the top and the bar was a lot lit up. They have a lot of tables, so the place is pretty huge and outdoor seating has a lot of tables as well. It was 90 degrees when I went, so I opted to sit inside where it's nice and cool. Area is surrounded with 2-3 hours of parking spaces, and it's easy to find as it's not located in center city. 
Starter: They give you this amazing warm bread and olive oil to start off with, and this is probably one of the reasons why I'd return back here as I am obsessed with some good bread and olive oil. It was just so soft and perfect in texture. 
Wine: A whole long list of excellent wine selections, I feel like I was in heaven. I love some bold wines, and Barcelona was definitely the place to be for that. We asked for some tasters before we ordered so it was nice to try them before ordering a full glass. Wine prices ranges from $10-$12 for a full glass, which is normal for any good glass of wine. Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable and knew exactly what she was talking about when we asked for something bold. I'll give it a 5 star for wine selection here.
Cheeses: As for the cheeses, they have an okay selection of cheeses. I was much disappointed with their cheeses and I wish they put a bit more effort into this as we were only doing wine and cheese. We ordered 5 different types of cheeses and the nice thing was that the chucks were HUGEEE, so we were pretty much in food coma with all the cheeses and breads. I'd recommend ordering 1-2 types of cheeses for 2 people order, and not 5 like what we did.
Presentation was extremely boring and this is why I was more upset than anything.They literally cut our 5 selection of cheeses, put it on a board and gave it to us. I mean commonnnn? You couldn't put any effort into this? It was not a pretty sight to look at. I mean I could be dramatic but I take my wine and cheese seriously. 
Service: I was in Awwww with their service. We basically had 2 servers helping us. One of them helped us with menu selection and helped us order and pick the right things. The other one helped us fill out glasses, clean our table, and offered us more bread. I feel like our waitresses where reading our mind and I feel like we didn't need to ask them for anything. It was like they knew exactly more of what we wanted and what we didn't want. Ill give their service 10/5 if I could. 
Will I return back here? Absolutely!!!! I have yet to try their food. :)We stupidly didn't make a reservation on the Friday night before Labor Day so we ended up waiting a full hour to be seated (our fault, not theirs). We were originally told half an hour wait and that turned into an hour (which is something they could work on) but its still a new place and anticipating table turnover is not easy. The host and hostess were very apologetic and nice about it and we were going to wait even if it was an hour anyway. We were seated outside and the space is just beautiful and very relaxing. We ordered the hanger steak, the jamon croquetas, the wild mushrooms, the smoked pork belly, the crispy eggplant and the mussels. Out of all of those- the hanger steak and the jamon were the standouts. The mussels were good but a little on the smaller side. The smoked pork belly was tasty. The crispy eggplant fell a bit flat- it was definitely very bland, pretty oily and needed the lemon it comes with. The wild mushrooms came out significantly later (which was due to a mix up by one of the runners) but we ordered a pitcher of sangria (not overly sweet which is a huge plus) and were enjoying such a lovely night, we barely noticed- they were very good as well. The service was attentive and friendly. Highly recommend this place, what a great addition to the neighborhood.The drinks, food, and service are great! Great experience and will definitely come back again. Sangria, whiskey root, patatas bravas, meatballs, and tomatoes--all were amazing.Had an amazing night at Barcelona. The food was great as was the service. We have eaten at their 14th St location in DC and are so glad there is now one in Philadelphia!We went here for brunch with 6 people.  The service was awesome. Most likely because it was a Sunday with an Eagles home game and there was only a few other people there. But the manager was so engaging!
The food itself was hit or miss.  It's tapas style so you can try everything. I loved the patatas bravos and steak with eggs. I ordered the Gambas al Ajillo Benedict and it was seriously lacking in flavor.  However, the accidentally gave us the Gambas al Ajillo which was really good. I'm not sure if the poached eggs and muffin just soaked up the flavor but I was thrown off by the difference.
I would probably go back for the Bloody Mary bar. It had a very nice selection of fixings and they know how to make the bacon 'melt in your mouth' crispy. Also, I would have never guessed this is actually a chain restaurant. Very impressed.Must have went on a bad night. Service was ok and the food while presented nicely the flavor just wasn't there. On the site it said they closed at 2am it was clear as day and they were litterly closeing up shop at eleven. The waiter told us to put in our last drink order in cause the bar was closeing at eleven? Once again it clearly said 2am and I can't help but felt rushed as the night went on. Some people love it but as for me I just wasn't feeling it I don't see the hype.Fantastic place. Customer service was top notch, drinks amazing, food delicious. One of the best spots in a Philly. I highly recommend the Lucy B for cocktails.The service was EXCELLENT! The tapas style menu was great for a night out with the girls. The sangria was good and not super strong.I did not expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was rustic modern and cheerful. The service was excellent and friendly. Large selection of wines and beers. The food was amazing fresh, well prepared and tasty. I highly recommend for the group.Awesome vibe, kind staff, v chill. Would definitely recommend it for anyone coming to working off a Saturday night hangover on Sunday morning with friends.We had a wonderful experience.  Good was extremely flaverful.  Chris was our waiter and was very helpful with the menu and recommended a great wine.  Highly recommend for a different experience.  Tapas taste to a great level.This bar will quickly be the new, big spot. The service was incredible and so was the charcuterie/wine pairing. My dad and I happened to be the first customers on opening night and we had a blast. The white marble/dark wood interior is very trendy with a casual, welcoming vibe from the staff. 
I had the French Malbec and charcuterie and spent less than $15! Definitely worth every penny.Hands down my new favorite bar! Everything I've had so far is delicious. For food, definitely get croquettes, potato tortilla, and the citrus oil marinated mahon cheese. I've started going once a week to work my way through their varied wine list. The bar staff is always so knowledgable and really helpful in finding new wines for me to try. Service is always kind, professional, and quick for how huge the bar is. The atmosphere ranges from pretty casual on a weekday to dressy date night on the weekends. Except for one occasion, everyone who hangs out there seems to be really chill and respectful of everyone else at the bar. On that night, a group of old women kind of ruined everyone's time by making everyone around them listen to their life story, drunkenly trying to get me out of my seat, sending back several drinks, waving and snapping at the bartenders, and passive aggressively shouting that all of the young people around them at the bar were trashy and had no respect for elder women. They seemed to think I was friends with the bartender when in actuality, it was the first time I was ever there and I was probably receiving friendly service because I wasn't acting a fool. I wish someone would have told them that being respectful of others does not include drinking too much and yelling at the manager in the street. But hey, the bartenders handled that group with grace and I've only encountered fun people who love good food and drinks ever since!We are major Passyunk Ave supporters, so it is with self hatred that we rate our first visit to Barcelona...mediocre.
Minus one star for the uneven food.  The chorizo with figs was probably the best small plate we ordered (but not for the faint of heart!).  The asparagus was dull...pretty much like what we fix at home when we are in a hurry.  The sticky rice was nothing special.  There's a potato thing that was a-ight.  Fried eggplant was nicely prepared, but we would not order it again.
Minus one star for the soundtrack.  This will sound picky, but the loud club music was awful.  Soft jazz or even reggae would have been so cool on a perfect-weather Wednesday summer evening.
The service (they use well coordinated teams) was near perfect, except for the constant "Oh that's my favorite" from multiple servers.  They can't all be favorites kids.
The wine list is incredibly extensive...but pricey and built for serious wine drinkers.  We ordered the lowest priced white on the list - a pinot grigio - and it was awesome.  Memorable.
We may have just not ordered intelligently, so we will do another food trip and update this review.  And we will always return here to hang at the cool bar and sip wine and maybe enjoy a cheese plate...but only if they get a handle on the music.
Walking home we grew wistful passing Bing Bing.  Maybe the upside of Barcelona's inevitable popularity will be that it will be easier to score a good table at Bing Bing!Sadly been here twice and both times the service has been friendly,  but slow and the orders incorrect  (wrong food coming out or dishes never coming out at all). Bar service unfathomably slow.  Food just ok with some dishes pretty good,  but most borderline bad.Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere,!!!!! This is a fantastic place to go with friends and enjoy tapas and libations!!! The food was delicious! It was packed with people and the energy was palpable! We were a group of six and we had a wonderful time, whether at the bar or sitting at a table. There is no doubt this is a popular place in Philly. Make reservations!Great night- great service - great food! 
Our waiter , Jeff, was attentive, professional, and friendly! 
Food came out fast, was delicious. 
Atmosphere is so nice!Overall we really enjoyed this place and will come back but will switch up our choices a bit.  Highlights were the hanger steak, cheese plate, and whipped cheese.  The roasted carrots were also pretty good-not my style but my husband enjoyed them.  The meatballs were good but nothing crazy.  The croquettes were not our style-the taste was okay but the mayo and frying made them seem very heavy.  Wine and cocktails were wonderful and the bread was yummy.  I'm giving this 5 stars because the quality was great but I think your choices will decide how much you love it.I walk by this place regularly, and finally got to give it a try. I brought my boyfriend here on August 15th for his birthday and we were blown away. I made reservations and we were sat very quickly. We were soon greeted by one of our servers and had our drink orders taken. It was busy for a Tuesday, but being a new place I wasn't surprised. Another server came by and took our food order. Drinks took a little longer than I'd hope but being a new place it's understandable. The service was outstanding and they never missed a beat. While the cocktails on the menu were overpriced in my opinion they were still delicious. I recommend 5-7 tapas for a couple. We had six. The pork belly and octopus being the best. They offered us dessert for his birthday, but either of us are big fans of sweets so they gave us Irish coffees for dessert instead. They even gave my boyfriend a candle! This is a perfect date night spot, and I would absolutely come back.This newly hangout spot in Passyunk is poppin'! 
Located on the corner of of the Passyunk crossing along with a big sign, you cannot miss this spot. My SO and I wanted to check out this place since its opening so we finally decided to stop by on a Saturday night. The place was crowded but luckily we managed to find a spot in the outside seating area which I recommend. The ambience was very inviting, somewhat intimate due to the pretty lights, and relaxing. The servers were very attentive and friendly. You get the option of tap water or sparkling water (it's free). They also provided bread and olive oil too while we waited. Since it is tapas style, we decided to try a few items on the list. We got the spicy potatos, sausage with figs which really good, and the corn. The prices on the menu was also decent, not too pricey. For drinks I got the traditional red sangria. It was equally good. 
Overall I enioyed my first experience at Barcelona. I will sure come back to try other items on the menu. I think this place jas a lot of potentials and it is good for casual date nights, girls/guys night out, or just simply catching up with friends/coworkers.Still in love with this wine bar!  Additional recommendations from last night's tapas include  - cauliflower, pulpo, and the croquettes. Overall the experience from the attentive server continue to be top notch. Wine wise, the wine flight something always to take advantage of ($13-$15) to try and make a dent on all the options.The first thing I saw when I stepped into this popping, dimly lit, slightly rustic bar was a waiter carving thin slices of cured ham tableside. I later found out from our waitress that it was the Mangalica ham. I'm so excited to head back to Barcelona to try it, along with a slew of tapas I couldn't get around to this visit! 
My friends and I had a reservation for 7pm on a Saturday night and waited about 10 minutes to be seated. After ordering, we got started with some warm, fluffy, crackly bread with olive oil and our pitcher of red sangria with the traditional syrup. The sangria was enough to go two times around for four people. It was smooth and lightly sweet with a hint of spices. The bread would be refilled throughout the night.
The first plate to arrive was our charcuterie and cheese board. We had selected an aged manchego, a gouda-like idiazabal, and some spice chorizo. Also on the board was a quince marmalade, presumably as a palate cleanser. 
Then came the patatas bravas and beef empanadas. There were only two empanadas, but I enjoyed the flaky crust and savory filling.The patatas were addicting especially with the garlic aioli and salsa, which mixed together made the perfect accompanying sauce. It was a good thing that we had bread to sop up the rest of that wonderful sauce. 
We had ordered duck hearts out of curiosity, which came out on two skewers. They were well-grilled, chewy, and tender. Not sure I would get it again, but it was worth a try! 
The last two dishes to come out were the octopus and garlic shrimp. Everyone agreed that the octopus was the best dish of the night-crispy on the outside, incredibly well-cooked on the inside, paired with salty chimichurri. As for the shrimp, we were way more interested in the garlicky oil that remained. Again, we cleaned the cazuela with bread. 
We were about to order dessert when our waitress told us to hold off for a little bit. Having told us her favorite tapas, she surprised us with beef tongue, which had just recently been taken off the menu. It was crispy, and fall-apart tender on the inside-an incredible dish. 
We rounded out the meal with flan, a small sweet bite to end a lovely meal. 
Would definitely get the octopus and patatas again. Already anticipating my next visit to Barcelona to try the Mangalica ham, chorizo (recommended by our waitress) and whatever else the chef has in store!
Tip: fill out the feedback survey for a complimentary drink or tapa!The service at Barcelona was top notch, everyone was pleasant and more than happy to answer any questions we had about the menu.  The white sangria was fantastic and the food was delicious.  We will definitely be back again, it was a great experience.Great brunch venue and a happy crowd and happy staff
I've been to places where food has been mediocre, but the vibe has been so groovy it made up for it. And I've had great food served by a dismal staff you have to chase down to place an order. But Barcelona was brilliant!! It has fab food, and attentive staff that seemed really happy to be there, and trust me, these days, that seems like a novelty. 
The venue is bright and open with industrial lighting, but made to feel cozier by the booths and side hutches and all of the fabulous wood.We came for my husband's birthday and decided to sit at the bar as there were three of us and we were awaiting a fourth. The bar was gorgeous with a lovely white marble top and had, what I always look for, underbar hooks for my purse. 
I wanted something more adventurous than the garden variety mimosa,  so after consulting with our bartender, Nicole,  I ordered the Guns & Rosés which was a sparkling rose with peach, but I asked her to omit the vodka. The hub had a draft beer and my bestie had what she described as a near perfect Bloody Mary, delish without being overly spicy. 
We then proceeded to fill out bellies with albondigas with a gorgeous tomato sauce, tapas portions of eggs benedict, one with serrano ham and one with shrimp, gorgeous garlicky champignons, empanadas, sweet and sour chorizo, veggie frittata, potato tortilla, cauliflower and pancakes. We all tried everything, but my personal fave had to be the chorizo with the albondigas a close second.
When we asked for bread they brought out a  large section of a loaf and olive oil and explained how each restaurant works with a local bakery, using Barcelona's recipe to craft the loaves. I don't even venture into carb land much anymore, but it was what perfect bread should be, with a firm flaky crust and soft but not gummy interior. 
When several waiters tried to remove the remaining tomato sauce from the albondigas, the manager brought out a small slate to put by the dish, which she noted in chalk, "Do not remove. Hands off" which assured we could sop up the extra goodness without server number three trying to whisk it away before completion.
The brunch was a joy made even better when Nicole, brought over crepes filled with cream and topped with ice cream for the birthday boy, complete with candle. To get that kind of service without reservations or previous planning with the management, was amazing.  My advice? Grab some friends, go and sit at the bar where you can see everything, easily slide and share tapas and engage with the staff, and, as we did, with the other patrons. Despite the dreary day, we all left feeling buoyed by brunch magic.We've been here 5 times now. First time we went was for my husband's birthday in September, instantaneously we knew we would come back when the manager Mike introduced himself and had the same birthday. We've been back with friends and I was back for a girls night and everything has been great from drinks to the food being consistent and good each time.If I could give this place a 10 I would. Food is unreal, staff is the friendliest on the Ave, atmosphere is busy and loud which is welcomed. This place is unique for the neighborhood and I love it. Be ready to leave drunk and full on the cheap.Not only is the food impeccable, but the staff is so wonderful I could not stop smiling all night. The perfect location for a low key night out or for a date. Everything you could possibly want for the perfect night out is right here. I would give 10 stars if I could.Beautiful tapas and wine bar in a modern, romantic setting on a prime corner location. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating with nice edge landscaping to provide a great outdoor experience while keeping the ambiance. 
Good service with moderately knowledgeable staff (they advised a wine was French when it was written in Spanish? But I'm no wine connoisseur, so who am i to judge??)
Price can jump quickly, but the food is very fresh and good quality, so i definitely would recommend it to impress a date or a girl's night! 
The wine flight was really delicious- and memorable- I'm definitely going to look for bottles of what i tried. 
The pulpo (slow braised octopus) was so, so, so.... SO... Good. 
Broccolini was delicious: tender but not mushy and an addictive chili oil/vinaigrette (um need that sauce on everything, maybe even as a conditioning mask for my hair?)
Complimentary bread is super crusty but really tender inside and an absolute must to enjoy the tapas with! 
Burnt cheesecake was really unique and very memorable- creamy but light texture with more of a savory taste (i guessed it was ricotta based, which the chef confirmed). 
Overall very good food drinks and service- just brought the star down by one because your bill could easily climb (for good reason)!!I could eat that veggies paella every single day and I would be as happy as could be! It's delicious! This is place is super cute and has a very comfy ambiance with great friendly service. Love this place, highly recommend it!My wife and i ate here last night and what a great restaurant experience.  Food and service were great and the atmosphere was very lively. A very good addition to Passyunk's restaurant row and a place we will visit again.This restaurant opened only two months ago and is doing great business. I would suggest making reservations ahead of time, as our wait was an hour and a half. But since the manager knew we had waited so long for a table, we were offered one free  glass of wine and one free tapas. We also filled out a survey at the end of our meal and was offered another coupon for a free tapas to use for our next visit. Our waiter was very energetic and made us laugh and had good knowledge of the best wines and food to order. I really liked the atmosphere and the option for outside seating. I would say that the music was a little too loud for conversation,However the beats were definitely Put you in a good vibe. We ordered the fried eggplant, jamon & queso balls, cheese plate, mushrooms, hanger steak, empanadas, mussels. I really like the intricate flavors and unique options on the menu. The prices are also very reasonable. Overall the experience and food was worth the wait!This place exceeded my expectations! If anyone rates this under 4 stars.....somethings wrong with them lmao. The staff was polite and on top of everything, the atmosphere was nice, and the food came out quick and everything we had was so good and worth the price! Might be my new favorite spot in PhillyI first went to Barcelona when I was in Nashville last year, so I was excited to hear Philly would be getting one because it was delicious. 
Overall, the meal and service were delicious and prompt, but also poorly executed and slow. First, the order of wine took longer than it should have. But then, the bread course was delicious and the first two tapas, the spinach and chickpea "stew" and spicy beef empanadas hit the spot. The third tapa, beer salad, was bland and flavorous. The fourth course, chorizo and figs, was back on the positive, with just enough heat and fat that melted perfectly.
The final two tapas then took about 10-15 minutes longer, which was too long. On top of that, the garlic shrimp tasted as they just came out of the freezer, which was disappointing. Tough and chewy. Finally, the Brussel sprouts were just terrible. Tasted like they were blanched then thrown in a Skillet, but didn't get any caramelization and crispness that make them so delicious.
Overall, there was reason to go back, but the first impression was extremely hit or miss.
Atmosphere and bar selection were greatA really awesome new addition to Passyunk. They serve really good wine and food. I highly recommend the octopus, croquettes, paella and flan. They also have an awesome bar and a very good cava selection.Four stars is more so for the service. Food wasn't as good as I had expected but maybe that's because we ate the vegetarian options only. Didn't try any of the drinks but they looked goodI LOVE this place! Barcelona has managed to change my mind on TWO things I was previously against - chain restaurants and bread. The food was amazing and always complemented with a flavorful sauce. The abundantly refilled bread was hot, soft in the center, and perfect dipped into the delicious olive oil (which they sell by the bottle for $18, by the way)! I'm more of a beer gal, but I would come here over and over again for the food.Absolutely fantastic! All of the cheese and tapas we ordered were phenomenal, and the Red Sangria was legit out of this world. Service was killer too, our server Dan was very ontop of everything despite the chaotic environment. We had initially made a reservation and ended up having to wait an extra 20 minutes because it was so busy, however, the manager Christina comped us a few dishes to get us started which more than made up for it, she was also extremely sweet and accommodating.
At the end they gave us a token for a free glass of wine or plate next time, which we will surely be returning, although probably during the week and I'd suggest you do the same. I would say the only detractor from Barcelona is the other customers. It is extremely loud, and a VERY drunk woman was seated next to us, within 5 minutes she dropped an entire glass of beer she was just served between our tables, thankfully we weren't splashed but like, get yourself together lady. 
Following that her and her partner proceeded to argue the entire time, where he was saying something like "you do this every time I take you out" and she was slurring her words going "but I love you", and her partner kept telling her he wasn't ready for that. All in all, it ended up being pretty good entertainment and my girlfriend and I were cracking up at the drunk mess next to us.
All in all 10/10 Service, Food, Staff, and 4/10 other patrons. Definitely avoid this place on the weekend and go on a Tuesday or something. Still giving it 5 stars because of Christina, Dan, and that Sangria.Hands down one of the best places to go to on Passyunk. We used to live two blocks away and unfortunately moved prior to this place opening. We stopped by for the first time tonight and will definitely become regulars. The service was exceptional as well. From the moment I called to see if they were still serving, to our incredible server Dennis and to the other gentleman who stopped by our table to see how everything was going (assuming it was the manager). Another thing that stood out to us, the manager got up from a table to say goodnight and open the door for us. I mean....a place with incredible food and service deserves more than 5 stars. Can't wait to tell all of our friends about this place. Ty for an incredible evening, Barcelona!Came here around 5 on a Friday afternoon with a friend and snagged seats at the big u-shaped bar. The bar filled up drastically over the next two hours but the bartenders were lovely and I had some great wine AND cocktails. I'll definitely be returning.Excellent food, atmosphere and service ! Our waitress Tiffany was fantastic and Adrienne as a trainee great ! We were offered menus even at a very busy bar and serviced immediately though standing outside of the busy seated area and was delightfully remembered by the host without need for providing a phone number with our names at check in ! I am happy a larger wine bar is available to south Philadelphia and so well organized and put together so quickly after opening ! Thank you for such a great dining experience we will return many times I am certain !!!Eeekkk 8:00 reservation...hostess doesn't reach out to our party until 9:30? Pretty unacceptable way to run the foh.I love Spain and this place brought back some tasty memories. We went on a Sunday afternoon and were happy to be seated right away (this place gets busy!).I admit I don't know what this place looked like when it was Man's Image but it's beautiful now! The tile and wood work so well in the large space. 
The wine selection was robust and most of the reds were Spanish. I would've liked to see more white options from Spain - I think over half of them were from France. My wife was thrilled with the grilled octopus - she is very particular about the cook and she was happy to find it was cooked perfectly throughout. The chorizo and figs were one of my favorites here. One of my favorites tapas is shishito peppers and these were sadly underwhelming - they were slightly undercooked and not salted. The prices were not bad for Passyunk and I will happily go again.Barcelona is such a fun trendy tapas place to enjoy a night with friends! 
Their bread is out of his world, it comes straight out of the oven - steamy hot with a crunchy crust and a soft inside. 
The first time I came here I lost it when they brought their boquerones - fresh anchovies seasoned in a simple combination of olive oil and some lemon  so delish! Their rest of their tapas selection is top notch, I believe I tried the goat cheese which I highly recommend, their version of pimientos de piquillo which were really good, their dates and bacon and their gambas al ajillo. 
I really recommend pairing your food with a Spanish wine like the Tempranillo variety, it really complements their food very very well. If you are into sangria, I've tried the red one and it is very good as well!I love this place... it's the best tapas in town right now.. it's a must visit! The food is great, wine flights are awesome! (Definitely recommend) and,the hanger steak is one of my favorites, I get it every-time I come. The staff is great and the place is very nice, kind of like a barn type of look..Fantastic value to taste ratio in south philly, a little uneven in some of the flavors but overall fantastic for the price.
We came with a family of 4 adults and 3 children last week for brunch and the place was not very busy.  In fact if you have small kids this is a great place for brunch on the weekends.  The staff was friendly and the decor is both rustic and modern.  We order a lot of different dishes to share which is of course the point of tapas style dining.  
The meatballs were a little bit bland despite the sauce being pretty good. 
 The eggplant caponata was served cold which I found out after the fact is the intent and is pretty good but didn't wow us.  We really liked the empenadas and the rainbow trout.  For the empenadas, the meat filling was great, with just the right amount of spice and the shell was fried to perfection.  The trout was also very well prepared, the skin was crispy and it was served in a light pesto sauce and a lemon wedge so it was simple preparation executed very well.
We also added some breakfast items with a sausage/fries/egg scramble which was OK since I didn't care for combining all those flavors but the kids liked and their olive oil pancakes were also very good.  Both adults and kids enjoyed those.  We also had parsnips which we all enjoyed served in a sweet syrup sauce.  And we had the meat paella, and garlic shrimp. Neither was too memorable but not bad in any measure just a little bit bland. 
All this food and tip for 4 adults and 3 small kids ages 3-6 was $140 including tip!!:-) On taste alone this place would get maybe a 2 but the value and atmosphere can not be overstated in this case.  I'd like to check them out once for dinner.  Perhaps they will have a more adventurous menu, I was disappointed that there was no pulpo or squid ink on the menu during our visit.  Overall a great experience and highly recommended despite some unevenness in the execution of some dishes.  PS kids loved it also:-)