Walked by this place and decided to check it out. Great beer and burger place, made even better knowing many things were organic. You can order from the menu, or create your own burger. They also have rotating beers and specials. Nice atmosphere and staff. Burgers don't come with anything, so order from the sides if you want some fries. (There's also sandwiches and salads if you don't want a burger) Vegetarian friendly.I was trying to find a decent place for dinner tonight for my moderately health conscious self when I came across this place. After figuring out what I wanted and put the Be My Bison burger in my cart for the online order, I realized it would be over a two mile round trip excursion from my job. Defeated, I started to search elsewhere but I could not get that burger off of my mind. I came back a few hours later and submit my order. I hiked it there and it just came out of the kitchen as I walked in.  I grabbed my burger and continued on my way back to work. O-M-G! Absolutely in love with this place. It has been quite the task to try and find healthy places that fit my diet but this is a dream come true! Thank You!Stopped for a very healthy burger while visiting Philly after performing a nearby Prince tribute show; discovered one of the greatest burger places on planet earth! Thank you Alya & company at Bareburger!! 
(-: 
Andrew von Gregor 
Pro Session & Touring Guitarist 
Los AngelesTerrible service, food came out cold even after waiting about 1 hour during lunch, way too pricey. Don't waste your time.Awesome burgers. I went adventurous and tried the Wiki Wiki, which is wild boar with duck bacon. My wife had the Buckaroo which was a beef patty topped with brisket. Both were very tasty. A little on the smaller side, but great flavors make up for it in spades. Fries and rings were great too.Ready for some unique meat burgers?
From Bison to Elk, Bareburger has you covered. Not to be left out, they also boast a nice selection for vegetarians.
While here on a visit, I had the El Matador.  A Bison burger with Queso Fresco, pickled jalapenos, guacomole. green leaf, and pico de gallo on a brioche bun. 
Can you say mouth party?!  Between the juiciness of the bison burger and the snap of the jalapenos & pico de gallo; I was delighted. 
In addition to my burger I noshed on the spicy pickles and fries with an assortment of dips. 
If I ever find myself in the area again, I will not hesitate to make stop.To update, the business owner has been in contact and has apologized and made up for it. Overall the Bareburger experience in Center City does have potential to be a good restaurant to check out.Insane!   The best foodie joint I've eaten at for fast casual chain....   Burgers are amazing!! But you MUST try the onion rings.....Burgers were ok. Service was a little slow, which was surprising considering it was dead in there. Apps were fantastic!No more Maine Root???? No more Pimento cheese??? It's these items that made this place a go to for us. No longer.If you're looking for fresh spins on the classic burger, this place is for you. Huge fan of the firequacker and the onion rings. Oh and did I mention their milkshakes are incredibleeee! The service is quick and the food is fresh every time! This place is fire.I'm a big fan of "exotic" meats.  Went to Bareburger two days in a row.  First time I had a Wild Boar burger (The Wiki).  Good sprouted wheat bun.  It was dressed with pineapple relish and duck bacon.  Meat was a bit underdone, even though cooked medium.  Delicious burger overall. And very good sweet potato fries.  Second day I had a build-your-own Elk burger with Blue Cheese and Alfalfa Sprouts with a side Kale Salad.  Again, meat was undercooked.   I ordered the hemp milk bun, a gluten free option.  Good flavored bun, but dry and crumbly.  I think toasting of this bun is NOT needed.  Going back today for a third visit.  I plan on a goat burger.  Stay tuned!I thought this burger joint was phenomenal! I ordered a chicken burger with pepper jack, bacon, guacamole, pico and ranch and the flavors were excellent. The chicken was AMAZING. I also thought our waiter was very attentive and helped with recommendations as well. This is a very cute/ hip place that seemed filled with the typical gluten free hipster but I really enjoyed it!Really cute new burger joint... Kind of a rustic grey decor that sets the tone for its exotic array of beef, elk, boar, and goat burgers. I had the elk and it was fantastic...I'm in town for a conference and turned to yelp delivery for an easy in-room dinner. This place looked good so we gave it a shot. The ease of ordering was great. Interesting menu with a lot of choices. Our food was delivered to our door about 10 minutes before the projected delivery time. The food was tasty but not out of this world. The portions were rather small and one of the burgers was over-cooked. Overall it was good though. I'd eat it again but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.So.. I needed dinner.. this place is close to home. A burger sounded like a good time. 
The Good - Burger was yum (El Matador) // They have a good beer selection // The staff is nice and attentive. 
The Not so great - Burger and fries didn't come out at the same time & I spent 34.00 for a burger, fries and a beer. This included the tip I left.. But 34 bucks for a freaking burger fries and beer?? come on dude. 
Ill be back, but for the lunch special which looks to be the best time to go.I expected to go there, try the veggie burger and leave without giving it that much thought.
It turns out a place that sells a lot of beef might become the new vegan hot spot of Philadelphia.
They label their menu which shows they are attuned to the concerns of vegans. So they meet the bare minimum. Good thing they surpass it.
For starters, get the pickles and slaw "bare snack". Two kinds of vegan slaw. The whole thing is fantastic. It made the perfect sharing item for a party of three.
They also have so many toppings and sides that are vegan. The vegan sandwiches they offer can be modified to add these items such as chickpea onions and stout onions. 
My wife and I split two vegan sandwiches, Guadalupe burger and the Mazuma tempeh sandwich. Both were great. I especially appreciate that they make their own veggie burger. No Morningstar Farms here.
For dessert we had the vegan carrot cake. The only item we ate that we didn't love. I would skip it net time.
Seriously, the meal I just had there compares very favorable to the many great all-vegan restaurants in Philadelphia. I am very very impressed.I cannot say enough good things about Bareburger!! First, let me begin by saying that I have been here twice so far and both times I have had the best burger in my entire life. Absolutely exceptional!! The quality of their food is top line, the best - if you need convincing, go to their website or better yet, give it a try because I promise they will not disappoint!! Their service is also great, but they do get rushes and there could possibly be a wait depending on when you go to dine in. The good thing about this place though, is you can order to go! If I lived in the area, I would definitely order out all the time. The restaurant itself is very clean, it's just a little small, but it's nice and intimate and the atmosphere is fun!! I would and have driven from the suburbs, sat in traffic, just to eat here - it's THAT amazing!! For those who are looking for a vegan or gluten free place to eat, this is it and for those who are looking for a delicious meal, this is also the place!! The first time I went with a group of friends, the manager stopped by several times to ensure we were getting nothing but great service. I could go on and and on and on about how earth shattering their food is, but I implore anyone who reads this to go!! Also, save room for dessert (I know this can be challenging) but their milkshakes are to die for!! What are you waiting for, go now!!It was my first time here. I love the wild boar burger with the duck bacon. OMG! It was so interesting. Duck bacon I never heard of it before. I'll be going back. I also sweet potato fries.I had the elk burger here and was completely underwhelmed. My wife had a beef burger and she declared it excellent. If it weren't for that I think I'd give it 2 stars. Service was spotty at best. If i went back, which i might, i would definitely go with the beef burger. When in rome i guess, but that Elk burger was really not very good at all - i do not recommend it - if that's the best they got for an elk burger they should pull it off the menu. Decor was kinda cool. ;-)I love Bareburger and have dined at many Bareburger locations in NYC, but this one is by far the worst. I have eaten here twice. Both times I was seated and then had to wait 15 minutes for a server to even approach my table. The food takes very long to come out, and I had to find somebody to ask for the check, since my server never checked in with us. Strange too since it's a relatively small location. A very frustrating experience.Big fan of this place and don't know why it's not overflowing with people. Aside from the many delicious burger/sandwich items on the menu, you can create your own burger with a huge array of options to choose from, including: bison, wild boar and elk! The space inside is open, light and airy, a little kitschy albeit. They have a bar in the back and a few TVs also spaced around the restaurant. Servers were friendly and attentive. Great place for a good quality burger.I always bring my friends here when they're visiting from out of town. They always love it even if they're not into burgers! Gotta say this place never ceases to please. Their whole look and feel and belief system is awesome. 
They're big on recycling, so all their locations are made up of old torn down barn parts, including the tin ceiling tiles, the chairs, tables, most of the decorations, etc. I love their take out menu. It's pocket-sized and really cute with a great selection of items that are all made to order. It's a little harder to follow that their dine-in menu but even their dine-in menu can be a bit overwhelming to follow. My favorite topping is the chickpea onions: its just shoestring onions dipped in a chickpea batter and fried to a crisp. Goes great on any burger! The appetizers are really pricey and are only really worth it if there's a bunch of people eating. Good for groups. The pickle and slaw appetizer is a good one to share. The sweet potato fries and other side items are just enough.
My favorite server there is Heaven who always knows just what to recommend and is very charming in her presence. My friends love having her wait on us. She is always smiling and keeping things upbeat! The bar staff are a great group too. they are always willing to mix drinks up together for you. I always mix the iced teas together (which are all really good with a little agave).  
Seriously loving the Philly location. Wish they stood out more. Its dark from the outside and pretty easy to miss, even with the marquee sign outside. The space is great, love the booth seating and the bear theme. 
Bare Burger is pricey but so worth it. The ingredients are always fresh and the menu has something for everyone. Lots of customization in their burgers make it even more enjoyable. Definitely give it a shot if you're feeling down and want to treat yo' self. :)I didn't want to risk having a dry burger, so I picked bison meat, specifically the Southern Caviar which also contains bacon, pimento cheese, stout onions, and a horseradish remoulade.  I didn't pick up on the onions or remoulade- the bacon and pimento cheese stood out as the heavyweight topping champions.  I have to admit, the bison burger was thick and cooked to a nice pink, medium. I could actually envision my bison roaming around happily in his humane pasture.  It wasn't very seasoned, but the salt from the bacon and tang of the cheese balanced it out. I also liked the hearty, seeded brioche bun. A side of spicy pickles instead of fries ensured that I could walk out without feeling gross in the stomach area. I ended up being way less upset that I spent $13 on a chain burger than I thought, in fact, I would recommend spending the money on a Bareburger burger.SoCal burger = so darn good!  So good, that I've eaten at Bareburger on at least 5 occasions, but always order the same darn thing!! Avocado, pickled onions, and I always add a little jalapeño for some extra heat ...
I also love that they deliver.  As such, Bareburger has been my default lunch option for rainy days when I'm in no mood to leave the office.Not the best burgers in the city, but it's my favorite out of the other burger-oriented places in the area. They have a large menu with interesting options, different meats and milkshakes. The hot honey is delicious. 
They serve some of their chicken sandwiches with funky cuts of meat, so if you're a white-meat only eater then ask before ordering. I've had one bad experience with an order and the manager rectified it, so they're fine in my book.
Have ordered delivery a few times and it always came within their estimated time.Food is solid and they have many unique options such as elk and wild boar. Definitely check out their menu if you are interested. Small portion compared to most burger places. The only downside is that the service is super slow - not enough waiter/waitresses. To be honest, this place doesn't have to be a sit down restaurant and will do just fine allowing self service. My roommate and I waited over 40 minutes for our burgers, which was a bit annoying.Amazing food. Ridiculously high quality ingredients. Definitely will come back whenever I get a chance.I was fiending a burger last week to pick up and devour in the car and this was the closet joint to my location.  I ordered the house burger and sweet potato fries and it came out to about $18.  The bun was airy and light, the meaty part was cooked fine and the sweet potato fries were average.  All in all it was a solid meal but left my super Asian metabolism wanting more and overall worth of the meal felt more in the $12 range.  I liked the inside vibe of the place too as it brought a tranquility to my random anxious states.The excellence in food and service that was there when they opened has been completely maintained. With the high quality of the ingredients, I never feel weighed down after I eat here. Milkshake is my favorite in the city.I ate at bareburger for lunch today. Started with the pickles and salads. All of the pickles were yummy. I liked the one salad (coleslaw like salad) but didn't love the wasabi carrot salad. My fiancé ordered the Hog Wild (wild boar, pimento cheese, fried egg, chickpea onions, green tomato, brioche bun), which was sooo good! I ordered the Cali fresh salad and added the black bean as my meat. I didn't realize that when you add meat to your salad, it comes in a burger form. So I had a black bean burger on top of my salad. The salad was ok. It had a lot of bean sprouts and lacked on the amount of kale. I wouldn't go here for a salad. I would go back for their burgers. Next time I'll have to try a shake.Like others, I've been a fan of Bareburger. Today, I am disappointed and questioning that I'll go back, even with a groupon and a $10 credit. 
BOTTOM LINE: I invest in you; you need to invest in customer service training and scripting. 
I've been to Brooklyn Bareburger a bunch of times for dine-in and takeout. No problems. 
I dined in once at Walnut St. and had no complaints worth writing. Today, I ordered takeout, and am now doubting that I will ever go back. 
I ordered the Wiki Wiki and a full order of sweet fries (with curry ginger ketchup) to go. I drank a Mexican Mule while I waited; no complaints about the drink. I live a distance from the restaurant, so I wasn't expecting the perfect experience when I got home. I just wanted my Bareburger. 
While waiting, I sent the groupon to skeptical friends. You know, the ones who can't see paying over $20 for a burger and fries. Yeah, I was a fan. I left happy. 
When I got home, I saw that I'd been given a side order of regular fries with a single packet of generic ketchup. Disappointing, yes, but not fatal. What ruined the experience was poor communication. 
The bartender, whom I'd liked, first responded by saying he hadn't bagged my order (not helpful, since we both knew I was there, and already knew this). Then he added that he would look into the problem. If only he had said the second part without the first. At one point, he commented that he knew I was so looking forward to the sweet fries. This sounded condescending, particularly since I hadn't shared any sweet fry fetish with him. After he offered me a credit for exactly what I was missing, I asked to speak with a manager. 
The manager's (John's) first response was "But that was a while ago." I offered to send a snapshot of what I'd received, and he declined. I then told him just how far away I live. I won't write about how inappropriate it is to begin a customer service call with skepticism. I'm not a trainer at Bareburger. But the implications of this sort of approach can be found in the writing of Ta Nehisi Coates. 
Then John confused my complaint, thinking I'd received sweets when I wanted plain fries. I corrected him, as did a voice in the background. Then John suggested that everything was probably gross by the time I got home. It sounded and felt as snarky/dismissive/disrespectful/unhelpful as it reads. I asked him to clarify the point of that statement. He dropped that tactic, and explained that they'd normally deliver the corrected order, but I was too far away. I expressed that I understood. 
I asked John to tell me what he COULD do, since a credit for exactly what I was missing seemed inadequate. He asked me how I'd paid (groupon plus a credit card), told me he could look into contacting groupon, and told me he didn't know how that worked. I asked again "What CAN you do John?" I also explained, again, that an even credit wasn't enough for the current disappointment. 
Finally, he explained that they usually add a little extra to the credit, to make up for a past error. He used the price of a side order as an example. I asked him what the credit would be for exactly what I'd ordered. Then we got to $10 and an apology. 
I still don't know why it was so hard...??? Customer Service skills are not automatic, and my sense is that Bareburger is winging it. Unfortunately, winging it has had an alienating effect on me. I'm contacting Bareburger corporate, and groupon, for a more satisfactory customer service experience.This is where you go to experience a burger that you can't get most anywhere else, such as an elk or bison burger. Don't wimp out, try something new here; the very friendly staff will assuredly help you out with recommendations.Wow I just had one of the worst experiences at Bareburger. We live very close but have frequented Shake Shack which is a bit of a walk. My husband suggested we try Bareburger tonight because it's close and thought it might be nice. We went with some friends and could not have had a worse experience. First and last time. When we arrived they said that they had a busy weekend and were out of a few things. Hostess said fries, sweet potatoes and onion rings but they had plenty of other things. When we were seated and were about to order, the waitress informed us they were out of about 20 things (fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, sprout rolls, bison, beers, vanilla and chocolate ice cream - we came with kids! -  .... and the list went on. Everything we ordered they did not have. Then as we are eating, we see orders of onion rings pass us. And then sweet potato fries. When asked about it they said they ordered prior. They were not even seated when we ordered! Clearly not possible. It was an absolute s@&$ show. And the level professionalism was a 1 at best for honesty and handling a challenging situation. Sad because we probably would have gone often. Terrible experience had nothing to do with the items they were out of and everything to do with the way in which it was handled.This place is really good. Lots of variety, they had 3 different types of veggie burgers and a lot of topping options. I had Guadalupe (I think) and it was amazing as is, but even better with pickled jalapeño. Everything had lots of flavor! Be careful with the build your own burgers though, all the toppings and options can add up and get pricey. Your better off ordering one of the ones already on the menu. Overall really really good meal.I love BareBurger.
As a New York transplant, I was so excited to see that BareBurger is now here in Philadelphia!
The menu is varied and suitable for pretty much every single person. 
Vegan, gluten free? You have options here...
Want to just eat nothing but meat? This is your place!
I've come to dine here four times, and take out twice. Each meal has been delicious. 
What is really fantastic is that the staff is so welcoming to little kids. My toddler is great and will eat almost all of his cubby meal- but often bits and pieces (mostly the apple slices) fall to the floor. 
Never once has anyone seemed bothered by this.
The dining area is open, but has the same welcoming rustic appeal that all Bareburgers have. While my favorite is the original is Astoria, Queens- I feel any time I am a little homesick I can stop in here and I am welcomed and it's a great experience.Excellent burger place and very creative with their menu. Staff is very friendly and accommodating, and knowledgeable. esp the slim guy up front ringing the orders , he makes some great suggestions. U ask why only 3/5? I love everything about the place but I have yet to give a restaurant a 5 and 4 are scarce too and also cant its a burger place. If we r looking at only bar food, this place is easily top 5 in my list.Most delicious bison burger and sweet potato fries I have ever had. Service was great, even though I walked in 20 min before closing.Have walked by this place a million times and finally said, why not?! The wait staff was really nice, the hostess not so much. Built my own burger and it was actually really really great, the side pickles was awesome, sadly the fries and onion rings were just meh (kinda was hoping for a little better there), only complaints were the ketchup and soda were both some all natural gross version of themselves, Ketchup should be Heinz.  No exceptions there.  Priced as a casual dining restaurant.Great atmosphere, even better food. I created a wild boar burger and you could taste the quality ingredients. Worth every penny!Had the buckaroo burger. Too expensive for what you get. If the meat is high quality why feel the need to cover it up with so many other ingredients and condiments???  Granted I'm not a huge burger fan to begin with but the quality did not warrant the price.Had the elk burger with manchego. Great burger despite the organic ketchup. Little expensive for a smaller burger. Overall a great experienceMore vegan options than I expected. The collard green wrapped farmstead was hardier than expected.I've been to this location twice. Yesterday the service was so-so: timely and polite but no smiles and seem bothered slightly by a couple questions. Other time it was great, food and decor are awesome, I am still giving 5 stars because service was ok still but general experience is top notch. LOVE the quality! My favorite place for a burger- sandwhich with nice veggie options as well!Below average 12$ cheeseburger. Small and underseasoned. California BLT, probably decent but kitchen cheaped out and used the butt end of the loaf of bread. Out of first 3 beer choices I selected. Will not return.I'm obsessed with Bareburger. There is literally something for everyone on the menu. When I visited, we had someone who was vegan and someone who was gluten-free, and they both found plenty of options on the menu. The have multiple veggie burger options and a very decent tap/bottled beer offering!The food here is phenomenal. There are so many unique menu options and knowing that all the food is organic makes it even better. I had the "Duck Duck Gouda," which I instinctively ordered because it had the word "Gouda" in its name. I had never heard of duck bacon before, but Bareburger opened my eyes to it. It was delicious.
I deducted one star because we sat for a long time without water refills and it took one person in our party a long tIme to receive her change.TERRIBLE SERVICE
I had out of town guests and took them to Bareburger. We were a party of 4. When we entered, we were behind a party of 2. The party of 2 was immediately seated at a 4-person booth, while there were multiple tables for 2 available. Host told us they were just clearing another booth (and pointed to it) and said we would be seated there shortly. In the meantime a party of 5 came in after us. It took 10 minutes to clear the table and then another hostess came up to the original host to ask who was waiting for a table. He told her our party of 4 and a party of 5. She proceeded to seat the party of 5 at the booth, adding a chair to the end of the table. There were no other tables, let alone booths, available for 4. When we told her we were supposed to be seated first, she said there was no other place for the party of 5 and it was just logical to seat them there!?? In what world is that logical?  We walked out and will not go back. Went down the block to Barra Rossa, seated within 5 minutes, had excellent service!
Another annoyance at Bareburger, while we were waiting to not be seated, a hostess came and shouted at the several groups of people waiting to MOVE TO THE BACK OF THE RESTAURANT SO PEOPLE CAN GET THROUGH! Has management never heard of customer service training?This review is for take out only. I ordered the Hot Honey Chicken, it was cold and just okay. They didn't trim the fat off the chicken. I requested extra crispy french fries they came cold wet and soggy. They quoted 45 minutes and the order arrived in 1 hour and 15 minutes. Don't get take out from here, they don't have their ducks in a row yet. I'll will give them another try but in dining only.Got a wonderful burger on a soggy, white Wonder Bread-type bun--didn't taste like any brioche I've ever had. Very disappointing.Burger was awesome.  Perfectly cooked, melted cheese, great ingredients, and bun.  Yes, a little expensive, but excellent for free-range and humanely treated animals.  I can't wait to try the chicken, as well.  I did take out, and the fries were soggy by the time I got home --- maybe cutting a whole in the corners of the to-go containers would have curbed this a little.  But, overall, great place for healthy meat-eaters and veggies, alike.I will start by saying this food would be really good--it clearly is good quality. I ordered takeout and it was just so cold that it made the meal unejoyable.
Whenever I order takeout, I make sure to get there 5 minutes early in order to prevent taking home cold food. Because I'm not eating it right away, I want to at least take it home immediately. When I arrived it wasn't ready yet, which was fine. I waited and waited and my pickup time came and went. I waited some more and others' orders kept getting called out to be picked-up. Finally, I went to the register and asked them to check on my food. The bartender reached behind him and grabbed a bag that had been sitting there for at least 15 minutes and said "oh it must have just came up!" Now i was taking home food that had already sat around when I had gotten there early to prevent just that. 
I was very disappointed by this. I would suggest if you are going to eat there, don't do take-out. Dine in for sure.Pretty solid place. The burgers are good, though not quite as craveable as Shake shack, and sometimes cooked a little more than I like - medium means I should see pink. You can get an egg on them though which obviously makes anything awesome. Even though the burgers aren't top tier ; this place makes up for it with comfy seating, super friendly staff and all around good vibes. And the milkshakes are awesome. And beer.Took 20 minutes to get their basic burger. Not worth $12 after tip. Decent atmosphereDon't understand why this place has so many stars. I got the simple burger I believe and my boyfriend had the burger with the bacon (forgot the name) but both of us are now sick throwing up our meal. After coming ill after our meal I decided to come onto here to see how the ratings was and it seems some other people have also gotten sick here too. I personally would give it 0 stars. I did not enjoy my meal due to the rudeness I have encountered since the minute I stepped foot into that establishment, it just made my dinner with my boyfriend pretty bad due to neither of us wanting to be there from the attitudes we were receiving from the the hostess and our waitress. Won't be returning and I would recommend for you not to even check this place out. Go to five guys or any other burger establishment and save yourself some money and possibly a very rough trip to the bathroom!Just ok. Our group had salads and Impossible Burgers. The meatless burger. Yeah, it was edible, but not something worth more than actual meat unless you're veggie. Salads were also just OK.  Good draft beer prices though.Closer to 3.5 stars.
Just had this for lunch.
The place was nice looking and clean.
The staff was really friendly.
I paid 15.99 for a fire quacker duck burger and some sweet fries.
The burger itself was a little smaller than I had anticipated.  It wasn't as flavorful as I thought it was going to be either.  It wasn't even remotely spicy.  The duck was cooked very well though and tasted good.  I've had better sweet fries.  
I think I will try this place again though, I really want to try the duck bacon or brisket on a burger.I love Bare Burger. Whenever I feel like treating myself this place is at the top of the list. The food is great and I love trying something new every time I visit. I also love the staff! They are super sweet and genuine.The best burger place I've ever been to.  Great variety of burgers, both in meat choice (including elk and DUCK, yes, duck), and in toppings.  You can order from a variety of burger/topping combos or build your own (I think build-your-own is better).  The onion rings are excellent.  The waiters are friendly. The burgers are great, and are all from grass-fed meat.  The booze is organic.  Best of both worlds - burger bar and environmentally friendly foods. They  have other things too, like salad and chicken, but I cannot imagine why anyone would get something other than a burger! Except, of course, the "Duck Duck Gouda".  Don't ask, just get it. Ambiance is casual - music is a BIT loud but at least it's good music.Delicious organic burger, but a bit overpriced for the size. Sweet potato fries excellent, but also overpriced.  Service is good.OMG amazing! If I could add a plus I would. The food was so tasty, filling, and light! In addition to the food the service was amazing. It was the best service I had my entire trip. They were so friendly, welcoming, and attentive. Can't wait to visit again!I generally am very easy to please when it comes to eating out. Food a little off? No problem. Could have used a little more water refills? Ok, it happens. 
But Bareburger took everything not to the next level, but a whole new definition of "bad."
We arrived to a hip atmosphere, trendy staff, and what appeared to be great food. 
The food was good. That is, after waiting about an HOUR for two burgers to come out. The fries were hot. Unfortunately, the burgers weren't. We didn't dare ask for them to be warmed up in fear of never seeing food for the rest of the night. The most amazing part of the whole thing was the complete lack of urgency on behalf of the staff. No hustle, no urgency no acknowledgement of the ridiculousness of the situation. 
Sorry guys. You make a decent burger, but we won't be back.Super hipstery. Let's just get that out of the way. But when it comes to the burgers at this place, this is not a bad thing at all. If you're vegan, vegetarian, or gluten free, you're set! If you're a happy meat eater, you're also set! Go with the make-your-own burger option. You won't regret it. With a wide variety of classic and unusual options (elk burger with feta, anyone?), you're sure to find something you'll enjoy.I was legit craving a burger badly when I walked by Bareburger. There are a lot of pluses going on here. Different types of meats you might not see at your average burger joint. You can build your own burger or stick with the creations they've invented. Gluten-free buns, veggie options, and non-burger sandwiches are all on the menu. And they have a liquor license/little bar! Ron was my server and he was great. Friendly and attentive while also respecting that I needed some time to chow down properly. I'll be back with friends!An amazing selection of unique meat options (including boar, elk, and bison) in addition to your standard beef.  If you want a really special burger - this is the place!Ordered from here while at work and I wanted to try something new. Whew! This food was so delicious, those onion rings are to DIE for, my coworker literally kept my receipt after I shared my onion rings with her, and she immediately started telling others about it at her second job!! Well done Bareburger. Next time I'll come sit in rather than having it delivered.Best burger I ever had!!!  And I've had a few burgers!!!  And best ginger ale ever!!!!!!Basically delicious. All the time. 
The consistency of the quality is always great. I've been here probably like 20+ times. The meat is all organic and so is the produce. It's hard to find hormone free good quality food out at a restaurant. Versus buying at the store and cooking at home. 
Basically love this place. Tasty. And casual.Awesome burgers! Organic, grass fed meat, what else could you ask for! The service is great too! Oh, I forgot to mention the milkshakes!
Ron is best looking server in the world!!!!!!What a funky little spot with such a variety of things. Had the fries sampler and it was really yummy. All the sauces are pretty delicious. Everyone who ordered at our table was pleased. Will definitely be returning!We had a great lunch today. This was my second time back and both times the burgers were on point. Generally the kids don't eat all their portions, but today there was nothing left. The burgers were cooked right, came out hot and the fries were great. It was just the right portion for everyone. Our waiter Dave, was super nice and friendly, plus he checked on is often and he was working several tables.This is a good solid spot for burgers and fries. They're usually pretty busy, but it's usually worth the wait. Service is usually pretty fast and the food is good. I would probably recommend this to a friend.Came here with my work, a group of 6. The service was good, workers are really kind and helped up because it was our first time. The food was great, I got the buckaroo burger and I highly recommended it. Lots of flavor! My only setback was that it didn't come with anything, anything else you wanted you had to add on.. So I paid $14 for a burger, and then extra for fries, pickles, or anything else you wanted. 
Great food but wish it like included a little something for the buck! 
Also recommend the strawberry lemonade !!WOW!! This place is not your ordinary fast food restaurant. You can come in and sit down to dine in, order take out or enjoy yourself during happy hour at the bar. Well I decided to order takeout and sit at the bar during happy hour while I wait for my food. The happy hour beers are a good value, I got a nice cheap beer for $2.20 from a very friendly bartender/server. As for the burger I ordered the 'Fire Quacker' it's made of duck, added to pepper jack cheese, pickled jalapenos on a brioche bun. This 'burger' was juicy, tender and bursting with flavor. No it's not your traditional burger but if you are adventurous you should take a shot. I also ordered the onion rings, nothing to really speak of here. If they're 'homemade' they should rethink the recipe as the taste is bland and overly breaded.I would say that this place has the right idea but the execution is a bit off!
I love the idea of a good burger place that focuses on good, quality ingredients. I would say that Bareburger has that right. However, the burgers are nothing special and mine was a bit overcooked (I get mine medium and it was a little over). Additionally, I would say it was a bit bland.
The beer selection was just ok and the prices were a bit steep.
I would say that the atmosphere was a bit off as well... kinda empty, weird decor, music that seemed a bit too quiet and slow for a burger joint.
I would give Bareburger another chance if the prices came down a bit or the burger got a bit bigger, or the beer menu expanded. For now, I will wait and have my burgers elsewhere.I am a regular here due to the high quality of food. I always do a Be My Burger in a collard green wrap (omit the bun) and sweet fries (which are amazing). Burgers are made with grass-fed beef and you can certainly tell. The difference in flavor is astounding. They carry Sir Kensington's condiments too which is great! Ketchup without sugar is the freakin' bomb! Great spot for paleo eaters. Took a star off because they routinely get orders wrong or overcharge the check. At the price point, they really need to get these service issues resolved to keep their customer base, especially in a new city. It's nice that they deliver now though. Just remember to double check your receipt!
Oh, and I'd skip the salads here. They are expensive and usually quite small. At $11-12, I expect more than just a side salad portion.Great experience. 
Informal enough, trendy and relaxed atmosphere. The choice of burgers is amazing. I had the bison with guacamole and jalapeños, beautiful. You can design your own burger down to the single ingredient of you don't fancy any of the great pre-made proposals.
These guys know a thing or two about quality burgers. 
Also the staff is young and kind, excellent service.
A great burger experience In the heart of Philly.Sometimes when I read bad reviews on yelp, I assume the person is a crappy customer. I almost always think 'That person was probably just being an ass'. I wish so badly that Bareburger hadn't disappointed me over and over and over and over (you get the point)...
The biggest problem- Orders for pickup and delivery are ALWAYS wrong. This is not an exaggeration. On more than 6 occasions consecutively, they have either given wrong orders or food has been completely missing. On other occasions they'll call and tell us they are out of something, offer to sub it, then the order is still wrong. My boyfriend and I have, more than once, made bets that go like this. "How long before they call and tell us they're out of (insert desired order)", or "What's the over-under on our sides being missing?"
We've complained, politely, we've given them chance after chance because we love the food. But we can't anymore. Their promises that it won't happen again and their offers to reimburse aren't worth the frustration of half a meal being missing or wrong. Tonight's missing slaw was the last slaw straw.
Other problems- "Business hours" seems to be a loose term. They will stop seating, stop serving, or down right be closed before their posted hours. I have no idea how to determine the rhyme or reason for this. This type of willy-nilly schedule must be a luxury...I wonder if they're hiring...
-Service is questionable. I understand working in food service, I've been there. And I'll be the first to admit that people are the worst (some people take to the internet to rant about food...). But faking enthusiasm is a must if you are truly miserable and work at a restaurant. The people working at Bareburger are somehow able to make you feel like YOU have kicked a puppy in front of children when all you did was ask a friendly question. The DMV would be proud.
The food is great...when it shows up. Sadly I've missed out on tasting most of it. I won't be trying again.Went this past Saturday afternoon and I will say with all the restaurants in the ares, this place will not last since they cannot even meet the minimum standards for service and quality.  My wife and I ordered a cheeseburger with all the veggies on the side, an order of fries, an order of onion rings, a shake and a soda. My wife and I were sharing a burger and she does not like veggies and I do.  The shake and the soda came out right away.  The burger took over 40 minutes!!!  Yes 40 minutes for a burger, fries and onion rings!!!  When it did come out it had veggies on it, the rings and fries came out before the burger, the rings were cold.  They went and fixed our burger, but we think they did not remake our burger just scraped off the veggies and my wife said she could still taste pickles on the burger.  The waiter also stated that they cook all burgers to medium.  Well, ours was well done!!  It also was not very busy in there so not sure how it takes 40 minutes for a burger!!!  I would not recommend this place!  As a matter of fact while I was in our hotel elevator, someone said the food at our hotel was bad, which was true, so I told them if they want good food and service, do not go to Bareburger!!  I did recommed Bud and Marylin's and Locust Rondevous to the couple in the elevator.  (See my reviews for those establishments).  The only positive for Bareburger is they offered to make us another burger no charge and took that burger off our check.  We did not want another burger because we did not want to wait another 40 minutes.  If we are in Philly again, we would never go here.Really solid place in center city for a number of different burgers. I always go with the Bison burger and it is great. All organic and great sides. Only pitfall can be a tad pricey, but I guess you get what you pay for.Was quite impressed with this little place. Unique and yet charming. The food was delicious! Grass-fed meats and great choice of fabulous cheeses!!! We really enjoyed....definitely try the fries!!!AMAZING BLACK BEAN BURGER. everything is clearly labeled so you know what you can and can't eat. staff is more than willing to work with special diets/allergies and super friendly.The quality in food and service that was there when they opened has been completely maintained. Because of the high quality w the ingredients, I never feel weighed down after I eat here. Milkshake is my favorite in the city.I love Bareburger and the two star review is purely for the service.  For such a small establishment the wait time was actually ridiculous.  I'm completely patient and can understand a wait time I've chosen to come in at a busy hour. Coming here twice in the same week with indifferent service staff and waits up to 20 minutes for the first swing by for drink orders and then 30 minutes for the food seemed excessive.1 burger for pickup. Guy said it'd be 20 mins. 35 mins later I got my food.  Bacon was grossSlammin. Fries are the on the thicker side. Always order grub hub and still crunchy. They cook my medium burgers perfect. Great bacon it's thicker cut and seasoned well. You can specialize every burger how ever you want and they have a lot of choices for toppings too. Also great drink choicesWe Read all of the negative service reviews before choosing to go.  Whatever was happening on those nights is NO LONGER THE CASE.  Amazing service.  Fantastic.  From the hostess who had perfected that strange sweet aloofness required for appropriate gastro-snob greet ability (HOW do they do that thing where they make you feel lucky to get a seat in a mostly empty restaurant?!  How!?) to second we left, we were attended to politely and efficiently by clean, friendly, helpful staff.  After being seated at an immaculate booth where we were immediately given menus, an ice cold bottle of water appeared and was poured--then left.  Perfect.  Our waiter was there within two minutes to walk us through the menu, explain his favorites and why, review the drink menus and take a drink order.  The drinks arrived immediately, were generous and ice cold--a local IPA (perfect pour and 20 oz), an organic soda (refills were frequently offered but not needed) and a 16oz chocolate shake with chunks of chocolate in it--thick and delicious.  We ordered three different burgers- the Grindhouse, the Blue Elk, and a build your own burger with Bison.  All burgers were very good.  We went with the recommendation of 'medium' but we really like our burgers pretty rare. we thought that medium might have some pink in them, but they were brown all the way through.  If you like pink in your burger, make sure to say.  The toppings were excellent and the quality of the meat was above expectations.  Despite brownness (our fault for not saying) they were quite delicious.  For the table, we ordered onion rings and sweet fries--hot, crispy, accompanied by a plate of homemade interesting sauces.  We even stayed for dessert (an excellent ice cream cookie sandwich served by the AMAZINGLY friendly Heaven who, blasted in the last review, was adorable and wonderful) and organic coffee--fresh and yummy.  Our server was Ryan--this dinner was a follow up to our big celebration splurge dinner the night before--you know, servers in tuxedos with silver drink trays and crumbing the table every five minutes--and our service tonight was comparable to that we received with our $500 dinner the night before.  Stellar.  Great food, cool menu, superb service.  Thank you.This was the best burger I've ever had. 
The tomato fig spread was amazing, the curry ketchup was so good. 
Got a beef patty with hemp milk bun, bacon, alfalfa, tomato, red onion, ketchup, tomato fig spread and wow it was so delicious! Also got the french fries and sweet fries which came out really fast and won my heart!Their honey fried chicken was to die for!! Absolutely loved it. Their other burgers had a lot of variety, but it definitely wasn't the best burger I had in philly. If you want eclectic meats, however, this is the place to be!Quality ingredients and inventive combinations for their signature burgers makes this place one of the best burger joints in philly. I've been here several times and have tried a couple different burgers and side combos, while the burgers are outstanding the sides are just average. The two things bareburger excel at are the different patty options( I have never had a duck patty before, it was good though) and organic ingredients. Unfortunately, I think it is pretty overpriced, even acknowledging that maintaining a menu that diverse must be expensive.Best experiences with customer service happen not because mistakes don't happen, but in how mistakes are handled.  Had an unfortunate experience but was very impressed by how management responded.  Excited to try again soon!So many awesome vegan/veggie/ethical/organic options for those of us who love a good hearty burger. I haven't ordered cocktails/salads so I can't comment on those foods. That being said -I usually don't order a SALAD from a place with BURGER in the name of the restaurant. It's a burger place people. ORDER A BURGER.
From vegan patties to black bean to elk to goat to your typical beef patties, you have a good range to choose from that will fit everyone's eating habits/morals.
The sweet potato fries and onion rings are really yummy and definitely feed two people. If you are getting them, it will last your two meals- or be your whole meal. I also love that you get 4 different types of sauces when you order. I LOVE sauces. 
Yes it is a little pricey if you are basing it off the fact that they are burgers- BUT you need to remember all their meats are free range, pasture-raised and hormone/antibiotic free. So YES you have to pay a few $$ more for the good of society. If you have a problem with the price then go eat at McDonald's.
I would definitely recommend the El Matador if you can handle some spice (it's not too bad though). The other pre-made burgers options look great too. I would choose those over making one of my own and be boring. BE DIFFERENT. Try something a little out there.
Great place. The service was cool, she seemed really passionate about the food which I'm not sure if she really felt that way or was just trying to 'up' the restaurant, either way it's good when the server is dedicated. The restaurant has a rustic/trendy farm feeling. They also play cartoon network on their TV's...which is weird, but hey, I'm not judging.
I will be back. Nom nom nom.I ate at Bareburger for my first time last week; the burger was good, but I did have an issue with the prices. I had the standard burger, and after asking the waitress if the french fries were really worth getting (and being assured they were great!), I ordered a SIDE of FF.  That was a mistake----  they were old, limp, and cost $2.85 for a handful.  I love FF, and I didn't even eat half of them, even at that price. 
I don't mind 6 oz burgers; not everyone wants a half-pound of meat.  But the prices, especially for just the standard beef burger, were ridiculous given that they are regular-sized burgers. The meat burger combinations run anywhere from $10 - $13, and that's with no real side.  Everything, even an additional different sauces, is a la carte. So you're best off not trying to put your own combination together.
I didn't bother ordering anything to drink because I knew just the basic burger and the side of limp fries were already going to be running me at least $18 with tax and tip, so I too got the small glass of lukewarm water like another reviewer mentioned.
I couldn't help but sit there and think fondly of Bobbi's Burgers in University City. I realize that they're not stocking all the unusual meats, but if you're looking for a beef or chicken or turkey burger, the prices and certainly the french fries are are definitely better, and the combos are somehow easier to follow, inspired, and tempting. A carousel of 4 different sauces sit on the counters and tables, to be used on burgers or fries, as you wish,  AND FOR FREE. Maybe that's why I felt especially annoyed at Bareburger--- I felt the concept was good, the ingredients were good, but I was being nickled and dimed to death, and the execution wasn't great. Too bad that Bareburger is only 4 blocks from where I live--- I really wanted to like it more.I had the black bean burger with all the fixins and it was super yummy.  Highly recommend.Cool atmosphere, more vegan options than I would expect from a place that serves elk burgers (which are bangin' I've heard). Black bean burger was a solid meh. Not much flavor, pretty mushy, but topped with vegan cheddar and dill pickles it happily got me through dinner.We have ordered twice now on caviar, and the food has been EXTREMELY good. Obviously fresh ingredients, great taste. and tons of options. I love that I can get something healthy or not.Incredible burgers, melt in your mouth. Fries perfectly golden brown. Overall fantasticBareburger is a pretty chill farm to table place. Their burgers are really tasty. They have tonsssss of toppings to choose from and even various meats. They are another place that has their menu but you can also create your own. I believe they also have veggie burgers or Chicken sandwiches. I also usually get and order of the mixed sweet potato and regular French fries to share with the table. Their milkshakes are made from this ultra rich ice cream and you can taste the pure cocoa or peanut butter. They are a truly decadent drink. Sometimes, I find that the food does not come out as temperature hot as it should, especially after you feel like you have been waiting a while for it. Service can be slow.I brought my parents here because we were so hungry and this was in close proximity. We initially found this place on Yelp and decided to go here based on reviews. When we arrived we thought the place was closed due to the dim lights and lack of customers. My parents ordered hot tea for their drinks and the waitress came out with a large box of tea for them to choose from.  As an appetizer we chose the Rings and Sweet Fries. The onion rings were fairly burnt but tasty. Sweet potatoes fries were a bit burnt as well. My father got the Wiki Wiki burger, my mother got the Farmstead wrap, and I got the Supreme burger. My mother wanted to try my burger, so we split our meals in half. Overall the burgers were delicious and juicy cooked to a perfect Medium.  They only cook their burgers to Medium.  The Farmstead wrap is a veggie wrap that uses a boiled collard greens to hold the inside veggies together.  The collards greens I thought were too overpowering and my mother ended up just eating the inside veggies towards the end.  The burgers range from $11-$14 and just come with a burger.  Sides would be additional to the cost.  Would come back here to try other burgers and their chicken sandwiches.The service was quick and friendly.  The starter brussel sprouts alonr were worth the stop!I enjoy Bareburger every week.  They have a wide selection of burger meats (bison, elk, boar, duck, beef).  All if the food I had there was very tasty and the staff is friendly.  They serve alcohol including root beer.  The prices are fair compared to city prices.  For the people avoiding gluten, you can have your burger wrapped in a collard green which reduces calories and adds a veggie to you superb burger sandwich!Well, I never thought I'd have a rice and sweet potato burger in my life! The biggest perk about this place is the ability to customize everything in the burger down to the sauce (I got Paprika Mayo :D, very delicious). The only thing I was sad about was that they didn't have was spinach... would have been a great addition to my burger. 
Apparently they're starting to do brunch very soon at this location as well, so thats definitely a plus!
One last thing, I went during a Friday around 11:30AM and was able to order right away. I will say that -- probably because of the customizability -- the food takes a bit longer if you order and then wait at the location. I'd suggest calling ahead :)Our server, Carlos, was delightful.  We were greeted and seated promptly for lunch.  Complimentary water in a glass jug for the table is a nice touch.  They have a great selection of exotic meats like elk, wild boar, goat, and bison.  I went with the Southern Caviar burger because I'm a sucker for pimiento cheese and it was great.  I thought the prices were fairly reasonable for the quality of the items.  The seats were comfy and I very much enjoyed the entire experience.  I'm excited to go back and try some of the other burgers!had a ba ba black lager and a la havana sandwich at the bar, both were delicious!! My friend loved his buckaroo as well!This could be a 1 star review but the food was in fact good...
Starting with the positives of the food. The many options of beef, bison, elk, and boar (and some vegan options) were fun to look through and left our table of 3 with one black bean, one elk, and one boar burger. We split up the 2 meat burgers to share between the carnivores.
The food was excellent. The large order of fries (for the table and not as individual sides) were plenty for us to share and the sauces were very tasty. The side of spicy pickles however were disappointingly not spicy. There was a hint of horseradish but that was it.
The portions of the burgers themselves were quite small and left me feeling kind of hungry after (including the fires). Also, the black bean burger did not impress the vegan in our group. He decided to have the burger in a collard leaf to be gluten-free but I feel like this just eliminates the whole idea of it being a burger.
Service was also underwhelming as the staff wasn't particularly attentive (say with the water and making sure the orders were fulfilled - we had to ask about a side that didn't come at first). Also, our party of 3 was seated at one of the booths which didn't seem to be designed for more than 2 (one on each side). I ended up feeling a little like I was sitting on the edge.
Discounts for Jeff ID holders was nice but everything seemed overpriced which we attributed to the whole organic only thing. But even counting that we felt the burger portions were too small and the overall total was too high for still feeling hungry afterwards.
Sadly I will not likely go again.
NOTE: We went for lunch on a weekend.I ordered delivery off caviar from Bareburger a few weeks ago and can not wait to eat here again. I had the flamin bacon burger which was outstanding, my husband had the supreme and we also ordered buffalo bites and French fries and an assortment of dipping sauces. Every sauce was great, my favorite is the special sauce and the habanero mayo, but I think the buffalo hot sauce could be hotter. 
My only gripe with Bareburger is that it's less than a mile from my house, but we are somehow out of their delivery zone so if I want delivery I need to order from caviar who adds a ridiculous amount of fees. Expand your delivery parameter!!Wow, I didn't know so many of my fellow reviewers treat a $10 burger like it should be a signature course at a Michelin star restaurant.
I really liked Bareburger - it's so much more than a burger joint. Yes, it has good vegan/vegetarian options, but that's not the focus. The Signature Burger list of 10-15 burgers is in two columns, and I don't think a single burger in the first column was made of beef! Bison, boar, turkey, etc. - very creative with both the meats and the toppings.
Unlike many burger places that cook the meat well-done no matter what you ask for, Bareburger actually will have the center of the thick patty be pinkish red if you ask for Medium or lower.
The topping combinations truly do seem to be endless - I plan to come back a few times just to try a few of the combinations. I also can't wait to try the snacks, which each come with multiple homemade dipping sauces.
Would it be better if they served beer? Yes, but I'll still be back to try at least a few more of their burgers.I loved this place! I found out about it because of a Groupon coupon I found. I love Bare Burger because the food is all healthy. I love burgers but it can be hard to find a place with a healthy burger. Everything at Bare Burger is organic and all natural--even the condiments! It wasn't a long wait at all and the food was delicious. My only complaint is that it was really cold in the restaurant, not a huge deal but that's just the one thing I didn't like. The food and service was amazing! I highly recommend this place if you're in Philly. You'll eat great food while helping the environment and being kind to your body.Eh. Not worth it. Wait was quoted at 20 minutes. Turned into 40 and then we sat in a table in the middle of the restaurant where people kept hitting my back while I walked by. When I complained and asked for a booth, they gave it to us but the hostess was very rude. The food was eh. Good but overpriced. You would do better at Bobbys Burger Palace.Greatest burger you'll ever eat in your life.
If you're going to eat here prepare to spend ~$30 on a meal that includes a burger, fries, and shake, if you don't get that combo you're not living life. The milkshakes are phenomenal. (All of them except the hot honey shake, that ones a little strange tasting)
Also the bare snack size sides are seriously sharing portions, if it's just for you get the side size.More like dog burger.
I'd rather eat at the Sunoco on Baltimore Avenue.
Go up the street to Strangelove's, or ffs even 5 Guys.The well known Brooklyn/Queens Bareburger has entered the Philadelphia dining scene with this outpost on Walnut Street right near Jefferson University.  It aims to distinguish itself from other burger joints by using very fresh ingredients and serving up many different unusual burgers.  This is not an order-at-the-counter but a sit-down waiter-service operation.   Bareburger is hitting some good notes.  The Elk Burger I had was most excellent - topped as it were with Amish Blue Cheese, bacon & onions, and fig jam.  The elk meat itself was extremely tasty.  However the side I ordered had to be one of the most disappointing sides I've gotten recently in Philadelphia or anywhere.  It was a wasabi carrot slaw that sounded so good and tasted so bland.  It was also mushy - probably from sitting around a little too long ... and I couldn't even definitively taste the wasabi.  The portion was very small and yet it cost $3.85.  The mark-up and profit on this side dish must be huge.  So why mention this disappointing side when the obvious main attraction is the burger and that was excellent?  Well with all the burger joints that continue to head Philadelphia's way, it is going to be the little things that differentiate the various franchises....probably even more that the burgers themselves.  
The atmosphere with lots of woodwork kinda def fits in with the cuisine.  Service was fine ... although I was never asked how things were after the food was served.  And the bill with tax and tip for this rather small-in-size lunch without ordering any beverage came to twenty dollars.  That's my report on Bareburger.I know I gave  this place five stars but if I could I would give 10 stars Yes its that good. Now the reason I think this is because this place may be my new burger place in the city. I came here for sips and I'm glad I did as bare burger has a little something for everyone.
First thing that I noticed is that the interior is nothing like any other restaurants, the only thing I can describe it as is different and unique. Regarding the food it's excellent, the main dish I got was the son of lamb mini burgers. The burger it self was delicious but the other "co stars" of the burger was the house mustard which had a good kick to it and the avocado brought that nice coolness to the burger. 
I would definitely recommend bare burger.I loved this place. As someone who gets chicken sandwiches at a lot of burger places, I can honestly say that bare burger has the best grilled chicken sandwich I've ever had. It has a lemon marinade and was delicious. I love that they have a create your own burger option where you choice your protein, bun, cheese, toppings, and sauces. There's a lot of options. 
The only reason I'm not giving this five stars is because the fries were just ok and the service was a bit slow.My wife came for a Saturday night casual dinner on a weekend trip to Philly! The service was slow but the burgers more than made up for it! What a nice spin on a hamburger establishment!I was told by the employee (manager?) that everything served in the restaurant is organic, including the veg in the veggie burgers. 
Black bean burger= 5 stars
Beef burger= 4 stars
Onion rings= 5 stars
French fries= 2 stars, dry and crunchy throughout each fry, reminds me of a thicker version of the potato sticks snack in a canthis place is popular because its trendy. other than cool instagram photos, they have nothing good going for them. they make their food seem revolutionary but they just overcharge for ok tasting burgersWe came here for the impossible burger and I was blown away. As a vegetarian, I am hesitant to give 5 stars to a burger place but this place does vegan burgers right! First off, the impossible burger patty is amazing and they do it very well! The vegan cheese was melted just right and the caramelizad onions take it to the next level. I am not crazy about the ketchup and mustard topping that it comes with, but our server said the bbq sauce was also vegan and it was delicious. We got the impossible burger with fries and crispy Brussel sprouts (without the cheese to keep it vegan). Both were delicious. I wish I could remember our server's name because he was awesome! He was also vegan and brought us over a sampling of their vegan sauces, two of which he makes himself so that the place would have more vegan options, and they were all amazing. For dessert, he made me the most amazing vegan chocolate milkshake. Everything was so delicious (albeit not at all healthy). I have not had burger meal like that since going vegetarian years ago! It really blew me away. So if you are a vegan/vegetarian and you are hesitant about having a good meal in this place because it mostly serves meat, fret not. They really treat their vegan customers right!Food was good but definitely a chain. Black bean burger suffered the curse of most and was pretty dry. The wild ride sweet potato burger was falling apart (what can you ask if something vegan and gluten free?) but was really tasty.
Onion rings and sweet potato fries. Get them. They were seriously good. Same with the milkshakes, though I'd recommend against the chocolate if you don't like chocolate chips.
Condiments on the burgers were good. All of the onions they offer have great unique flavours. However, the ketchup at the table was maybe not my favourite thing in the world for fries. Same with the mustard. 
Overall, tasty, but like I said, a chain and there are definitely better places for a burger in Philly.I went to Bareburger today with some friends. I had always wanted to check the place out, I don't get to eat grass fed food too often. My beef burger was excellent, and my friends liked their bison burgers. The onion rings and sweet potato fries came with 4 different dipping sauces!
I would say the price was a bit steep for what you get. I mean the grass fed animals can't be THAT expensive. I would say throw in some low priced drink specials. I would have gotten a drink if it was cheaper.Yo let me tell y'all about the best burger I have EVER had in my life. I got a bison burger with smoke sauce,avocado and Gouda cheese and OH MY GOD. I'm not even a burger person but this blew my taste buds away. I gotta say The sauce was my favorite part. I think they call it smoke sauce cause it BURNS DOWN THE HOUSE! The meat was cooked to absolute perfection. If y'all don't get a burger from this place ya trippin.Love the burgers here! Variety is awesome and quality is good. Very courteous staff who make the dining experience a pleasure. Will be coming here again!!Burger was on point. The beer was tasty. Tried the sweet potato fries, never been a fan, still not. The onion rings were a crispy delight.Great service. Love the variety of burgers and condiments. Wonderful atmosphere and service from Eric was excellent.The Grind House Burger was pretty good.  
The service was excellent.  The server was an expert of the menu and was very personable.  Really blown away by the service on a weekday during lunch.The staff were friendly and the atmosphere of the restaurant was fairly good. The problem is I got cheese fries to go and when I opened the box it was just plain fries no cheese :( I basically paid couple of extra dollars for nothing...For a to-go burger (I'll explain later), the SoCal was amazing.  The turkey was juicy and flavorful, and the guac, sprouts, and lettuce were all high quality and super fresh.  One of the best burgers I've had here.  Some of the other options on the menu looked really intriguing......anyone like Ostrich?  I think I'll have to try that next time.
The reason I don't give this place five stars is their business model.  My burger was pretty pricey (around 12 dollars), which I wouldn't mind paying for a great product, but, I don't want to pay a tip on top of that.  I just don't understand why they made their restaurants full service.  I didn't expect to walk into a restaurant specializing in burgers and have to be seated, served, and thus pay a tip, which is why I ordered mine to-go.  By the time you get fries, a burger, and pay a tip, you could easily be looking at 20 bucks.  On Manhattan, maybe, but in Philly, I'm not so sure......Excellent selection of unique burgers. Friendly service, reasonable prices. If you're in the mood for a burger definitely this is the place to go.Wait staff were friendly. The food took a longtime to make. I ordered a beef burger with a collard green wrap with vegetables. My DH ordered a Falafel Wrap  in a collard green wrap. He really liked his. My burger was tasty but not warm which detracted from me really enjoying it. The thing I really didn't like was the blaring music. The manager said he was unable to turn it down.  With the constant loud music, I don't think I will be back.My friend took me today and I have to say, I was impressed.  The staff nicely explained everything, and I settled on the duck burger.  I LOVE that you can substitute bread for collard greens.  Genius! I also had sweet potato fries with the ginger ketchup.  I will return to try another burger very soon:o) Yum!!this place was amazing !! the lay out and decor of the place is super cute. very shabby chic. love the spoon light fixtures and the reclaimed wood walls. each table had cute caddys on them and they had nice accent colors through out the place. 
the menu is nicely laid out and the servers explain sizes / portions and proper ordering so you don't get too much or too little. the food all looked amazing. everything we ordered came out quick and tasted great. the drink menu was as good as the food menu. nice craft beer selection! was happy to see that. 
everyone who works there was very friendly even though we came in closer to the end of their night. no one rushed us out. def coming back !Food was good but wrong. I would recommend sitting at the bar. Our server was kind of a jerk, rude and acted like he didn't want us in his restaurant. The bartender was awesome and kept checking on us which made it bare able. If you want a trendy, organic burger or are vegan this place is for you.I have been to Bareburgers all throughout New York and have always loved them. Tonight my experience in Philadelphia was less than happy. I ordered a burger to go with fries on a gluten free bun and a side of Brussels sprout slaw. 
1: the gluten free bun is not what they used to offer. The mouth feel is gross. It gets soggy and is much bigger than the burger.
2: The fries were exceptionally cold and soggy. I know fried foods doesn't stay great for long, but I ate my meal almost immediately after ordering and they tasted raw.
3: The slaw, I don't even know how it can be called that. It was completely dry, had no flavor. It literally tasted like Brussels sprouts were shredded with red onion or shallots and that's it. I took two bites and throw it away.
For $20.52 to eat a burger with fries and coleslaw, I expect to thoroughly enjoy my meal. I did not at all, and actually am still hungry. Very disappointing.Did delivery and it was great!  The burger was cooked to perfection and made exactly as I ordered (cheese, mushrooms, onions, mayo and ketchup).  Love the combination of rings and fries, as it should be offered everywhere!  I would order again for sure.i went to Bareburger at around 2:30, so it was pretty quiet. I was impressed with the menu choices, with several meat and cheese options for my burger. I elected for an Elk burger, with gouda cheese, and beer braised bacon. The burger was great! It may have been better with a different meat choice, the elk wasn't bad, but I think bison would have been better. I'll try that next time. Some of the add-ons were a little expensive. I spent $3.85 extra for the beer braised bacon. Also, the fig and pig was great as well. Tastes similar to an old fashion, but it's got a cooked piece of bacon in it!My go to is the Socal burger, it is delicious! A nice change from going to shake shack. The burgers are delicious and worth the price. Also must order a side of sweet fries.
I've dined in and taken out, both good experiences. Dined in on a Friday, was a packed house, but we were seated within 5 minutes of arriving.The Veggie & Vegan options are great!! All the food taste amazing!! But we dined in and got there around 8:40 and they close at 9:00. The waiter forgot to put our order of sweet potatoes in and told us he forgot and it was too late to get them because the fryer was off.  Great Food, but could use some better service. But I'd go back!My wife enjoyed her vegetable burger  the best she said ever the salad entree was so large we should have ordered to small 
My bison burger was tasty tender
The service was great I would definitely return I may even do the veggie burger still more to exploreA (relatively) healthy way to indulge fatty cravings that cannot be properly satisfied at home!
In the mood for fried chicken, I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich which, complete with sweet pickles and horseradish mayo, hit the spot. I also ordered a side of fries and a cola. The fries, piping hot, were delicious, and the cola was refreshing!
Also, the size of the sandwich was on the mark. It was neither too big nor too small, but just right. The fries were enough for two, though!yum yum yum! the service is great!!! i got an elk burger with tomato fig jam,,,it was DELICIOUS! my wife got a beef burger with chickpea onions, pickles and alfalfa sprouts~ both on sprout buns....organic restaurants excite me and this place has got the right idea! also we shared a banana peanut butter milkshake and i am not lying when i say its the best milkshake i have ever had, if you want a good clean burger you need to come here.Gotta try the Supreme burger. Topped with Onion ring, fries, bacon, and secrete sauce! The matador is also a good choice with the spicy pico, guac, on a bison. Great desserts as well! The home made sodas are pretty interesting. Four stars because service was a bit spotty. Overall, a must try!came to bareburger because i heard they had some good bunless burgers. i got a bison burger with cheddar cheese, special sauce and pickled red onions. my favorite thing about the burger was the pickled red onions. the burger was very dry, i barely tasted the cheese and special sauce. it was wrapped in collard greens which was different (in a good way). we ordered some onion rings; the batter was great but it was so pricey for 7 onion rings! 
overall this place was OK, i think it's a great place for vegetarian/vegan burgers but i've had better meat bunless burgersThis place is cool. 
As a big fan of condiments, I was pleased that the o-rings and fries app came with four dips. I liked the curry ketchup and whatever the orange one was.
I did a MYO quinoa burger w a bunch of veggies wrapped in collard greens. I was still a bit peckish when I got through that. I guess you really have to buck up and order sides.
The dancing bear wallpaper in the restroom was amazing. Where'd you find that wallpaper? I must have it.
Overall, price point's a little steep, but ultimately a nice place with interesting foods. Once I start really making paper, I'm gonna frequent here all the TIME man.
PS- I'm pleased that I can now say that I have eaten elk. I can check that off my List of Majestic Animals to Consume.I've been here a few times.  Always the same result.  Great food!  Nice ambiance!  Nice servers but painfully slow service.  It took roughly 30 mins to get our order today with a half filled restaurant.  They need to improve on that.I've been dying to try Bare Burger for about a year, and they certainly did not disappoint!! First off the vibe and decor is super chill. The place was packed for lunch which is always a good sign. The menu was simple but you can see how complex their flavor blends can be. I wound up going with the Buckaroo and I was extremely happy!!! The beef was cooked to perfection, the aged cheddar gave it the right amount of tart, the brisket(yes I said brisket) was melt in your mouth fall apart BBQ deliciousness(seriously who would've thought brisket on a burger), the kicker and my favorite was the mushrooms, a seeded brioche bun toasted in excellence, and lastly the smoke sauce a vegan version of BBQ sauce. This burger was out of this world and was the perfect size to fill me up and put a huge smile on my face. I also had the onion rings and fries. The Panko crusted rings had an insane crunch and I'm still craving them now. I highly recommend you check these people out. Everything is organic and fresh and you can't ask for more than that.Best milkshakes! And the staff is super nice. I was in a mood when I went in but the male server with the tattoos was so nice I couldn't help but be put in a better mood.  Favorite burger place in the city! Def going back  next time I'm in townGreat service, we had an awesome waiter. He was just the right level of attentiveness and let us take our time ordering and finishing our food. Beers are awesome 20 oz! The food was divine. I got the southern caviar cooked medium rare (definitely recommend). The pimento cheese and stout onion were the stars of the show. Great burger.I had the Blue Elk Burger and Buffalo Chicken Bites. Everything was great! There were a lot of unique things to add to your burger. I think the menu could explain some of these items better. The service was great, the atmosphere was enjoyable, and the food came quickly. I would definitely come back! Overall great experience!A burger place that is great for meat-eaters and vegetarians/vegans alike!
Decor and atmosphere: A++. I love the decorations, the walls, the seats, the chairs! All of it! It's so cute and hipster-ish, but that's my style so I guess I am biased. Oh well! It is very open and bright which I loved, I hate when I can't see my menu to order my food - it makes it uncomfortable. 
Service: Hostess didn't seem too thrilled with things but I ignored it. Our waiter, Ryan, was awesome. He was so helpful and I went with my friends who brought their 2 y/o. Ryan was nice enough to get him paper and a ton of crayons to distract him from a tantrum. Everyone there was very helpful, anytime Logan threw his toy someone picked it up; thank you and I'm sorry! ha. They also were serving a sampling of french fries and sweet potato fries as we walked in, great way to get customers.
Food: Vegetarian, remember? And I chose this place! I ordered the "Farmstead" as per a recommendation from Ryan and I was SUPER happy I did! I am not a huge burger fan because the burgers are so large with the bun and everything added to it so this was perfect because it was a wrap with collard greens.. it was AMAZING. It had so much flavor and I love the collard greens. My friend ordered the "Buckaroo" without mushrooms and she loved it, she said the brisket made it perfect. They do have a kids menu so that's awesome as well! I ordered onion rings and I was not excited about them, they seemed too overcooked for my liking, this is why it's only a 4-star. But the entree was great.
Dessert: black-and-white milkshake, thick. SO GOOD. Perfect cherry on top to my meal.
I would definitely come back here!I was excited to see a new burger joint in the neighborhood.  But turns out it wont be my new favorite.  Actually I don't plan on going back.  I was just really put off by an inattentive waitress, we went for the $5 basket of fries to share (because nothing comes with any sides) and when they came were limp and cold but the waitress never came by for us to say anything to about it.  It almost seemed like there was one waitress and a water boy and like 4 other people standing around near the kitchen doing nothing. The fries came with two little cups of special sauces- a curry ketchup and something else called special sauce, which I liked, and asked the water guy for more of, and was charged $.55 for a extra tablespoon of sauce.  WOW.  I think that was the straw that broke the camel's back for me.  They spent a ton of money on the interior decor.  It's over done.  They tried so hard to make it hip that its just nauseating instead.  Sorry I guess I just wanted a good burger.My friend LOVED the wiki wiki burger! They are very accommodating to allergies and dietary restrictions have gluten free and vegan options everything is clearly marked on the menu. I got the black bean burger which was kind of bland with diaya cheese which I forgot I don't like (not their fault). Chao cheese is superior. But I'm excited to go back and try their other vegetarian burgers. Beers are very well priced! I left my credit card there and they kept it for me till I could pick it up! Staff is super nice :)Just had to add - I actually tried one of their salads and it was great! The Cali Fresh.  Cauliflower hummus is amazing. So, yes, there are good things besides burgers.  Like the milkshakes.This place is a service nightmare. We arrived at 7:15 on a Saturday and were told the wait was 15-20 minutes. We went to the bar to grab a drink where we waited for 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us and then we were asked three times if we wanted something - we repeated our simple drink order three times and it was another 10 minutes before we even got a drink. At that point our table was ready. We ordered a burger each - there were only two of us - and a side of onion rings. 35 minutes later we finally got our food and were told our onion rings were cold so they were re-making them. All this for a burger??? Really??? The only positive I can say is that the burgers were decent and they acknowledged the wait with a 15% discount. But I've had far better burgers elsewhere with a far better service experience.So many delicious burgers! You can't really go wrong here, unless you fall down the indecisiveness  rabbit hole. There are essentially a limitless number of possibilites, and everything is high quality and well prepared, so indecision is the main obstacle in your path to deliciousness. Do your homework, study, plan ahead, and you will be prepared to order and enjoy the burger of your dreams. 
The prices can get a little steep, especially if you build your own sandwich. Really the only con for this place in my book.
P.s. Their unsweetened, flavored iced teas are delicious, and their onion rings are my favorite thing on the menu. Get them.Just meh. The staff is friendly, place is clean, and the location is nice but I didn't feel the burger and fries lived up to the hype or the $25 cost. Doubt I'd go back because there's a lot of food options in the area. On a bright note though I do like the fact that you can order ahead on their website.When I saw the menu for Bareburger, I was very excited! Compared to other "build-your-own-burger" places I've been too, this appeared as an excellent choice! However, I was a little underwhelmed with just about everything they had to offer. The service was pretty lousy as our server paid little to no attention to our table and the food was just bland. I ordered a bison burger with all the fixings and it just really tasted like a burger I'd get at the diner. Nothing stood out, nothing was great, overall, I'd pass and go elsewhere.Excellent fresh burger on a wonderful brioche bun. Fries were fresh cut and onion rings delish. Place is funky and bright and welcoming.Bareburger was a disappointment from start to finnish . Between the not great service, and the mediocre burgers , it really was not a good time . I was hoping for a delicious meal, to enjoy with my friends, and save me from having to cook and clean up afterwards . To be honest, I would have rather just grabbed a slice of pizza or picked up a quick bite at the market or trader joes . It would have been more enjoyable . Oh well, that's what I get for trying something new. Hopefully the next new eatery that I test taste, will be a more better experience .Bareburger is great. Plain and simple.
The execution of their salads and burgers are high end but don't come with high end prices, however, for upwards of $12 a burger, a side dish would be nice.
The different meat options is exactly what WashSQWest needed- there is nowhere around like it. There are so many places in this city that have GREAT beef burgers. The fact that they sell Elk, Bison, Goat etc. will definitely keep this restaurant in business. 
The burgers taste fantastic and the bun is delicious. I ordered the CaliFresh salad, and boyyyyyyyy was it good! I felt Cali Fresh after consuming the entire thing. Baby kale with cauliflower hummus topped with red quinoa, tomatoes, onion, watermelon radish and alfalfa got me feelin some type of way!
I definitely want to come back and try a burger- after the holidays, I couldn't justify eating a wild animal LIKE a wild animal so a salad had to do. Ill be back for sure though!Walked in at 9:30 on a Thursday.  Did not feel rushed at all!  Excellent service, and... goddamn. The food. Was amazing!!! I had the wiki-wiki, no onions, added bbq sauce. The beau had a Bleu Elk, jam on the side. Food came out fast and everything was right. And they were sooooo incredibly good.
Paired with the Purple Monkey Dishwasher PB Porter. Perfect match.Outstanding burger...great fries. Very eclectic menu, great service!!! We came in with a party of 9, had no issues they were very attentive and kept us in drinks and water, had a bunch of peeps to deliver all the food at once, just a great experience.Stopped in with my family for lunch. The burgers were fantastic and service was great. I've been to the New York location (awesome) so I was hoping this location would be just as good. It did not disappoint.A tasty burger offering at Bareburger. 
I started with the Lancaster Milk Stout. At $6 for 20oz they have reasonable beer prices.
The Wiki Wiki was a good burger. It wasn't over the top great. Unfortunately the bison is a very lean cut, so their adherence to the 160 pork temperature standards does severely hinder the mouth feel and flavor profile of the burger. It came a bit dry though still well seasoned and moderately moist.
They top he bison with a grilled pinneapple, onions, and duck bacon. The pinneapple was only right for this burger because the meat was on the blander side. Otherwise I wouldn't be down for fruit on my burger. 
Their sauces shone: exhibitions of curry and habanero. Great experience there.
Overall, this was a very good burger. The bun was good, though not as chewy as I'd prefer from Brioche
The toppings and sauces, along with high quality ingredients saved Bareburger from a three. Id like to see them step up on execution.Wonderful casual spot. Great for a date night, without being too formal. The noise level is comfortable. Best thing, they have the impossible burger. It's by far the closest to real meat that I've ever had. The portions are large too. If you get fries, get the smoke sauce. It's the best! The service is great and never seems crowded.Well they say sour service can dampen moods, repel patrons, incite yelpers to put in bad reviews and it's all true. I stopped in Philly's latest hole in the wall and was rather anxious to try it (I have low standards lol) I went to the bar in the back to order takeout and was met with this pee-wee Herman wanna be, his attitude was almost as bad as the run over doc Martins and bow tie he sported. Very sarcastic, made me feel like a complete idiot which is very hard to do (kudos to him) I'm sad my first experience was an unenviable one. I might go back....emphasis on the MIGHT!!!!!
The fact the owner or whoever is the Yelp representative of this establishment would respond with a sarcastic and antagonizing "no of our staff wore a bow tie that day" lends credence to my original gripe about the lack of customer service. You would rather argue w/ a patron and "be right" than rectify a paying customers dissatisfaction. Center city isn't lacking places to eat, I'll simply go elsewhere. 
Pee-wee did infact have on a black shirt and blck and white bow-tie. :)Waited 2 hours and 30 minutes for delivery. Food, was soggy, freezing, and gross.Came in from Out of town to hang out with friends and they brought me to Bareburger. I must say the ambiance is great, the staff is friendly and best of all is the food. I had the Elk Burger wrapped in collard greens and Bacon. I must say you can see, smell the quality of their food. I must say that this is one place I will always visit when in Philadelphia.My Yelp and IRL friend Kelley B. has been telling me to try Bareburger for sometime now. Kelley B. has been to Sketch Burger with me on occasion and understands my burger list and standards. I at long last had the opportunity to try Bareburger with my daughter last Friday night as my wife was at her niece's party. 
Bareburger was pretty crowded on this Friday so we opted for seats at the bar in the back to avoid waiting for a table. I ordered the Country Fare Bison burger. This was a great tasting burger with aged cheddar, dill pickles, red onions, green leaf, and mayo and brioche bun. The meat was moist, flavorful and juicy, so juicy it was a little messy but I was prepared with extra napkins in hand. The bun bottom got a little soggy, that was my only negative. I am not sure how their burger would hold up for take out. We also had an order fries and the dipping sauces were fantastic, especially the curry ginger catsup. To be somewhat on the healthy side, we shared the Berry Blue salad, which had some excellent flavors and a nice apple cider vinaigrette dressing.
Bareburger had about 6 smaller or craft beers on tap. The space is industrial chic and comfortable. Service was friendly but spotty on the night we visited. That was fine as we were not in a big rush and enjoyed the people watching. They gave us free dessert because they were a bit crazy, always a nice plus.
3.5 -4 Yelp Burger stars and I would absolutely be back.The burgers were interesting.  Nothing that blew me out of the water.  They do have more exotic burgers and I would say of the burgers I ordered (Wiki Wiki, Buckaroo and Grindhouse), the Wiki Wiki is the best.  Add an egg and it brings the flavors together.  Overall, it was meh.  I have had better burgers.Needed a quick place to get take-out on a rainy night around 7PM. Bareburger is right around the corner and we'd never tried it so figured "why not?". We ordered a County Fair ($12) and a Buttermilk Buffalo ($9). I was surprised that fries were not included, particularly at that price point. We asked for 2 orders, and the person on the phone suggested a "share" size and we unfortunately said "sure". 
They said 15 minutes, so we waited 10 and then headed over. Went to pick-up at the restaurant (roughly 1/3 full) and waited nearly 15 minutes. Less than 5 minutes later, we're on the couch getting ready to dive in and we realize that not only are the fries cold, but both sandwiches as well. In addition, the "share" size was rather light on the fries - again, surprising considering that they were $6 and nothing more than fries in regular oil. The Buttermilk Buffalo had a tiny piece of chicken which left my fiancee craving more food at the end.
TLDR: Cold, overpriced, and underwhelming food. Overall, would never go back.Each experience I've had here has been fantastic. Food is super flavorful, tastes that are new to me combined with awesome staff makes for a great time. I would male it four stars for price, but considering the ingredients used, I'm sure it's justified.Excellent burgers. High quality ingredients. Everything I've had is good and everyone I've been with liked their food too. You really can't go wrong here.Elk, wild boar, goat burger? All in one place and conveniently located just 5mins from home? Sweet. 
Our waiter Tony was pretty awesome. Normally I wouldn't remember our servers name. But he repeated it enough for it to stick in my head. Being our first time at Bareburger, he explained the items on the menu and told us which stood out the most. 
We got the Bison and Elk... They were definitely a different texture from the normal cheeseburgers you get. The meat was very soft and tender. We also got the fries and rings with the sauce. If you want the one with the sauce, make sure you order that one. Because there's a regular fries/rings and fries/rings with sauce (i saw a snobby woman at the table next to me pretty much demanding for her sauce. I say., she prolly ordered the wrong one). Anyways, they have four types of sauce., which i forgot and too lazy to google it back up.. But you'll see it on the menu. We also got the ginger green tea. The ginger was very powerful. Enough for me to forget that it was tea that i ordered and not ginger ice water. 
Why three stars? The portions quite small. And the prices are a little bit on the higher side. 2 burgers, fries/rings, and 2 green tea for a little over $40. 
The experience is worth it if you want to try Elk or even goat =)Reading reviews from other patrons, it seems some have had negative experiences I guess depending on the day and the servers they had which is unfortunate.  I, on the other hand, went in a not so busy Sunday afternoon and had a great waitress and not at all a long wait for the food. I even checked in and got a free collard caesar salad ;)
My husband and I went here for a late lunch/dinner and ordered the Pickled Fried Chicken and he ordered the Wiki Wiki both were absolutely delicious!  The size of the burger was also nice (too big can just get overwhelming and you can't enjoy your sides!) We also ordered spicy pickles and the rings and fries.  The fries come with assorted sauces which were all fantastic!
We both really loved it, and are both really happy they use farm raised/cage free/hormone free animals.  Everything down to the soda you order is purified water and natural sugars!  They also have many veggie options which is really friendly!
Overall, yummy food, environmentally friendly and locally sourced!  On top of that, so many options!  We will definitely be back to try more!Found this place while wandering looking for food before a show. Very nice atmosphere and clean. Love that they sell alcohol! I had the Wiki Wiki burger which was amazing. The duck bacon and the pineapple relish with Gouda was fantastic. Hubby had the Goat Burger which was also delicious! We did have a side of fries with the curry ginger ketchup. YUMMY! The Chardonnay was nice and crisp, not too sweet. Hubby had  the Blueberry soda and it was very refreshing. Organic, GMO free...go green is always good. And I didn't feel overly full after. Go try this place. One more thing..Ron, a staff member and our server was wonderful.Eh.  It's burgers, they're fine, and they're gonna cost you $10.  Truthfully, it's not that much different than any other bar in the city.I really don't want to give a poor review, and to be honest I love what these people are doing with food (organic, grass fed, and no GMO) but this place fell super short. Somewhere on my Instagram feed, I saw a collard wrap. This place is near my gym so after a work out I came for lunch. The service was poor. Yes, it was busy but it really  took a while for the waiter to get to me. I'm a vegetarian who appreciates healthy options, so I was psyched when I saw he menu. I got the quinoa patty in a collard green wrap. I added some extra veggies and other options (some more, others not.) It took quite a bit to finally get my wrap and what a bummer. I've included a picture of my sad wrap. My bill came to $16 for this wrap and side of fries! Are they insane? Now don't get me wrong I pay this for sandwiches often both here and when I travel but they're usually amazing, filled, and fresh. This was none. Most people who feel uncomfortable about paying that for a huge burger, let alone quinoa and collar greens. This place is making a fortune with subpar food. It's a shame because I thought I'd be a regular... I guess I'd go back if a friend wanted to try since it's my hood, but never for a destination meal. I can't speak for the meat options, but I think that might be your best bet here? They looked big much more appetizing.I was very excited to try this place since it's fairly new to the neighborhood. I went on a weekday evening, so there wasn't too many other customers around that night. 
There were a lot of burgers to choose from. My boyfriend and I split the Buckaroo and the El Matador. Both sounded good on the menu. When we placed our orders, we had to call or server back to find out how our meat world be cooked. She said it always comes out medium. That's definitely helpful information they should share with us. 
We also wanted to try some fries and onion rings. Our server told us we could get a side or a snack. She didn't really explain how much each served, so we went with the snack since she said that would be enough to share. It was definitely too much for us, so we would've liked a better description of the sizes. The fries were not that memorable, but I did really enjoy the onion rings. It had great seasoning! This snack came with four sauces. I really liked the smoke sauce. I expected the habenaro mayo to be spicier. 
As for the El Matador, it was just okay. The bread was a bit dry for our taste. But overall, there wasn't much to complain about this burger. The Buckaroo, however, was delicious. There was a quarter of a piece if lettuce sticking out the side of this burger--I got excited that it came with some lettuce, but it didn't. I'm guessing that was a mistake. The sauce and brisket on top of that beef was scrumptious. The sauce definitely made the dry bread seem moist. I found myself dipping the burger in more smoke sauce. 
The place is pretty spacious, a lot bigger than I thought it would be and it had a bit of hipstery feel. The only problem I had with the furniture was that the chairs weren't sanded well and it kept tugging on my tights.
Overall, it was a decent place with unique items. Compared to other burger places in the neighborhood, I'd probably still go to Burgerfi over Bareburger on a regular day. But I'll definitely head back some other time and try other things on the menu.Went here with my daughter (who is a picky eater). 
As soon as we walked in we were greeted and sat right away. The server asked if it was our first time to which we replied yes. So he took it upon himself to give us an overview of the menu.  We then narrowed down our choices. My daughter got the fried chicken sandwich and I got the supreme burger. We also ordered fries and onion rings. We were advised prior to ordering they were out of slaw, brussel sprouts and brisket. I was kind of bummed because I would have at least wanted to try one of those 3 but ah well...another time. 
My daughter said her fried chicken sandwich was one of the best she had. My burger was quite yummy too. The onion rings were the best o ever had. Fries were okay. Dipping sauces were alright as well. I would go back.Omg. This is my new favorite Burger place. I love the variety of meats: elk, bison, boar. Amazing. All organic and fresh. My suggestions is to get a burger and share so everyone can try a different burger.Stopped by Bareburger to try the Impossible Burger, finally available in Philly. Service here was great, the waitress was very knowledgeable of the menu, and the new impossible burger (vegans, build your own, the default version has a whey bun). Veggie burgers fall into two categories, imitation dead cow or veggie-centric. Up until recently, the "dead cow" variety failed miserably, typically dry and flavorless. Beyond Meat stepped up the game with the Beyond Burger, but the impossible burger has done, well, the seeming impossible. I had mine medium rare, and it was incredibly flavorful, juicy, "bloody." If you have even a passing qualm about the ethics of killing and eating sentient animals, but can't imagine a decent alternative, try this! As a bonus, Barebuger has a decent beer selection, and a cozy if quirky interior, I especially appreciated the bathroom "art" added to the bear-themed wallpaper.I enjoyed my burger, fries and onion rings. I stayed a little more basic with what inordered but would definitely go back again.We ordered from here and it was fast, but when the burgers arrived they were room temp, but they were incredible. Some of the best burgers we've ever had. I got bison which was leaner and AMSAZING.Hadi from Bareburger sent me a gift card to make up for the first experience so kudo to him. I took my 2 coworkers for a second time, hoping it would be as good as people had been saying, and that our first trip was just an odd ball. 
So we got a different person waiting our table this time. The food was cooked right, not crispy burned like last time. However the burgers were mediocre at best, not something you would expect from $13-$15 burgers. I'd still  rather go go Smash Burger or Shakeshack for better quality and cheaper price. I still would've given them a 3 star review if it wasn't for the service. Oh my the service!!!
They had the MOST HORRIBLE service I've ever seen in any restaurant, low or high end. I gave this place a one-star partly because of the terrible service we received. We thought it wouldn't get any worse this time around. Oh I was dead wrong!!! After we finished our food, the waiter picked up our plates and disappeared for a good 30 mins. We got really impatient since we had to go back to work. You would think where this place is located at, they should expect lots of office people out for lunch, no one would want to sit and wait around half an hour for the check. 
And that's not it. I showed the waiter the gift card I was sent to use for this trip. He said he couldn't scan it since he had never done it before and had to call his manager. It took another 15 minutes for someone else to stop by and look at our gift card. Now the gift card said to use I just had to show them the QR code to scan so that's what I did. This guy proceeded to tell us that it wouldn't work because I had to download and app and create a Bareburger account for it to work. I had to sit there and argue with him that it wasn't what was stated on the gift card and I didn't have time to go through all that crap after 45 minutes of waiting already. He then came to a realization that it was a gift card I got from Yelp review. And that was when he started to show his attitude. We gave him the change to cover the tip and he wouldn't look nor say anything to us.
All and all, after mediocre food and horrible customer service, it took us an hour and a half for our lunch, granted it was only a block away from our office.
TL, DR: We came to Bareburger for a 2nd time since they sent us a gift card and it was, to our surprise, worse than the first expericence. Stay away. Go to Shakeshack or Wendy even!I expected a lot from Bareburger, especially with all their unique selections, but the food was very average and overpriced. I love the vision and mission of this restaurant, but the quality of the food needs work.Was told takeout burger would be ready in 10 mins. Not ready for 30 mins after ordering. Not even busy inside.So I give 3 stars wishing I could give more...but I should have gave 2. Me and my S/O went on Valentine's Day just to be different and try a new place. Menu was extensive which was great- a ton of options you were able to mix and match anything on your burger and they had a great variety of beers and cocktails as well as apps. Well, it was not packed at all so at first I was hesitant but we went in anyways. Our server was a younger girl,she was very helpful but god she was not the best...we put in an order for the large macho cheese fry apps- 5 min later came out a basket of plain fries with ketchup and "special sauce"( ketchup, mustard, and mayo) nothing special. So, she then comes back and says oh they must have gave you the wrong size and sent another basket of fries- that's when she realized we didn't even order the appetizer that was on our table. But since we're easy going we let it go- who doesn't like fries?! And since the burgers did not come with them I was more than okay with two baskets of fries. Well then the burgers came- they were great with substitutions and what not; well too bad we didn't get the right burgers! They must have mixed up both of our orders- I got the bottom of my burger and sauces and etc. but with my boyfriends toppings that he ordered and vice versa. We again just split them in half and had the best of both and since I'm easy going and starving at that point of 10 pm I wasn't sending my food back. So clearly I didn't even want to order dessert bc at that point it was hopeless. All in all; Service was a 4 of 10. Food was a7 of 10. And decor was a 10 of 10 for me! I would try it again in hopes of a new server and maybe they get their heads out of their asses. Great ambiance and food, but get it together people!All the guys were in the mood for burgers, so we ended up at this hipster burger joint. The atmosphere and decor was spot on. Two of the guys ordered Bison burgers and they loved them. I ordered the Thai Chia with an impossible burger instead of the quinoa. Everyone at that the table was completely satisfied. I would highly recommend it if you in the Midtown area. The only reason for the 4 stars is because it's definitely a little over priced.Ordered delivery from here. Positive: Be my burger order was made exactly as specified and was good. Got the beef burger with cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato. It was classic and done right.  Negatives: French fries were aweful! Soggy and cold, too mushy. Got the Guac bean burger and it was tasteless and cold.Disappointing experience. My wife and I went to lunch and were very disappointed. If you ask how we want our burgers cooked they should never both arrived well done.
The patties were thin and flavorless compared to other burger places. 
The fries were pretty good....I have to say......because of my first incredibly positive experience with Bareburger....I am disappointed to have to reduce the stars. However, the last 3 deliveries I've gotten from here have either been crazy late and cold or wrong and the fries are ALWAYS soggy. 
Not ok. Not good enough. 
Food is good, but what use is that when it's cold, wrong or delivered at LEAST a half hour late. 
I work for a delivery service. I can bike food to Northern Liberties twice in the time it took this restaurant to get my food 4 blocks.I spent $20 in Bareburger and I didnt even get any fries. I am so traumatized I can barely type this review. I have walked past this place dozens of times and finally decided to try it. I customized my burger with Amish blue cheese, added brisket, onions, pickles and I added on a side of Brussels sprout Coleslaw.
The size of the burger was kind of tiny. The slaw is what really made me wonder if I was being pranked. It was literally.....Brussels sprouts sliced and put in a container. for $3.85. no vinegar, no dressing, no slaw dressing... nothing. it was dry. I chuckled... and then I silently vowed never to return.
The burger was fantastic though.......but that slaw....that slaw was the ultimate insult.Ordered on Yelp the first time for take out, put in very detailed order on what's needed and what's not. They still missed a couple of things after saying how I put in a very descriptive order. I ordered a turkey burger without onion and there was onion. 
It was good burger. A bit pricey tho since it's organic. Also ordered fries but they are all saggy and oily. And they are very priceThis is not the first bareburger location I've visited, so food-wise I knew it was going to be good. However I went on a Thursday for lunch a few weeks ago, and it took them 30 minutes to bring me my meal. In that 30 minutes, after I ordered and before my food came, someone was seated next to me, got her food, and finished eating. As a result, what should have taken a half hour or a little more ate up over an hour of my work day.  I waited a while to post this to see if it seemed like less of a bad experience in retrospect...not the case. The manager tried to make it right, explaining that they were short staffed and had a big table and blah blah blah but that didn't explain the person who was seated served and finished before I got my food. As I told the manager, this was about getting a nice quick lunch in center city. I didn't get that, and as such I definitely won't be coming back--to here or any other bareburger.I've returned two more times & have decided this is my favorite lunch spot. The food is diverse, sustainably sourced, & well prepared. And for what you're getting in quality, the prices are really not bad. They serve local wine, beer, & liquors too...you can't beat that with a stick.Amazing! They cater to people who want to eat well. All options are available!! Brioche, sprouted, or gluten free bun, OR collard wraps around your burger!! 3 kinds of veggie burgers, or beef, bison, duck, elk, wild boar, turkey or chicken... All humane OG style... Special onions, veggies, cheese and sauces for toppings.. Or bacon or brisket! Make your own deliciousness. OG milk shakes or natural sodas.. Didn't try the salad but menu looks great, can add meat. I had "Elk Blue" with beef patty, Amish blue cheese, country bacon, stout caramelized onions, tomato fig jam, on a steamed collard wrap... And a baby kale and spinach side salad with avocado basil dressing. Amazeballs!! Great service too, they are well-trained to understand all your weird requests and are super kind and helpful.Excellent. Service was phenomenal, wait staff was incredibly friendly.  The food was excellent, the chicken was cooked perfectly and the salad was amazing. Everything here is organic or fresh, so none  of the food or drinks taste, fake. Highly suggest this restaurant!I know five stars is a lot for a burger place, but bare burger deserves some credit for being different and original. I loved all the choices of burgers including bison and elk. The fries were really tasty as well which is promising for a place that serves burgers. There was a good selection of beer and other hard drinks. I order the ice cream cookie sandwich for dessert and it blew me away with how good it was. Like I said before I know it is not the fanciest place in Philly, but it was a nice change of pace from fast food burgers and chain restaurants.Excellent burgers and sandwiches! Only got 4 stars instead of 5 bc the food is a la carte  and it's an extra 3 bucks for fries. It's all a bit pricey but definitely tasty. Great service.Too pricey, too slow, too small for the price. The burgers - which do not come cheap - are ridiculously tiny. You can frequent similar burger bars that use grass fed, organic foods and receive a much greater bang for your buck. 
The service was also awful. Waitstaff were dismissive and harried. But the most shocking issue was the lack of water on a 95 degree day. We asked for more and the waitress took our bottle; ten minutes later, we asked another and he said he'd get some. Neither did. We asked a few minutes later and were told there was no cold water.
She dropped our check and left without a word. Simply awful. Jon is moving up to Philly soon and we LOVE burgers - but we definitely won't be here again.