Always good for dinner and one of our Philadelphia favorites! Food is always delivered as ordered and served hot!Visited philly read the reviews and came to Stella rossa with high expectations and unfortunately ended up disappointed with the food. The calamari dish and cheese platter assortment were the only items with flavor. The pizza didn't flow it tasted like the vegetables were steamed in microwave placed in cheese and it was all melted on dry puffy flat bread. Beef carpaccio also had no taste. Although, the service was impeccable and ambiance was nice for a dressy casual relaxing atmosphere.At the Philadephia Food Expo a few weeks ago on Jefferson campus, I won a $25 gift card to go. As I was debating when to use it, they also informed me I won a free happy hour. My boyfriend and I decided to go for dinner and happy hour. Now, my free "happy hour" was not explained well in the slightest. (Since then, I had won another one, and the details were more well explained). Due to the confusion, the manager was more than accommodating for my 9 happy hour friends (even allowing my alcohol-free friend to get half-priced apps even though she didn't pay for a package). Drink selection was decent and we made our money worth it for the alcohol! 
Boyfriend and I also had dinner before hand. The servers were attentive and had excellent mannerisms. Our bread and oil came out quickly - it was a foccacia-herb type loaf with excellent flavoring. I ordered the Cavatelli Tartufo while he ordered the Rigatoni Pizzaioli. The flavoring was rich without being overpowering or too heavy. The portion sizes were generous for the price. I would definitely return again.Food was just Ok, nothing special here and I wouldn't go back again. However, Nothing was bad - the service was great, fun atmosphere (although it was very Maggiano's-esque), and the food was nicely portioned. We shared the meatball appetizer, Caesar salad, and the chicken Parmesan. Everything was good, but again, nothing special. Philly is world-renowned for some of the best Italian restaurants in the world, don't sell yourself short by coming here if you are seeking good Italian in Philly. There are plenty other restaurants to choose from!I'm from about an hour outside of Philly, but whenever I'm in the area, Barra Rossa is my first pick for dinner (and there's a Cheesecake Factory nearby!). It's great for any occasion, because prices range from impromptu night out for two to celebratory dinner for twelve. Speaking of large parties, the restaurant is very accommodating for big groups with and even without reservations (depending on the time). The two-story restaurant has its own unique ambiance on its street corner, making it as attractive inside as it is out.Went this afternoon for a late lunch despite the pouring rain; so glad that we did. I received an Open Table gift cert for the holidays and redeemed it here since its close and its a new restaurant; the braised meatballs app was delicious; the pizza and rigatoni were also really good. Had a few Dogfish's as well, which are always great. The service was very good; nicely paced since we weren't in a rush, and our server, Greg, was attentive and very nice, even though it seemed he was busy at times. We look forward to returning and trying some new things, but we definitely NEED those meatballs again! :)Excellent burgers the are cooked then placed inside of pizza dough and baked; never seen anything like it. Nice place. Friendly waitress.The mixed reviews here are surprising but I guess you're talking Philly so there's a lot to consider there....
I've dined here twice and enjoyed it both times. The meat/cheese/olive plate is adequate. Had several different pizzas all great. Rice balls blew me away, which j was not expecting. Sangria is delicious. In terms of service in a small dining situation everyone was friendly and in a large dining situation they easily accommodated a large bachelorette party somewhat last minute and dealt with some of the shenanigans associated gracefully. I would not hesitate to return.Very good experience.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed some wine and tortellini.  Bartender was great, food was very good, for a limited wine menu there were still some nice choices.  Would definitely recommend.We were disappointed with dinner at Barra Rossa. The Panzenella salad was okay, but my filet mignon entree was not worth the $30 price tag; I ordered it medium to medium well, but got a very charred piece of meat. My husband's salmon was edible, but not very fresh or tasty. My cappuccino was lukewarm and topped with "steamed' milk that was actually cool. The desserts in their selection (small dessert cups of various concoctions) all looked exactly alike except for their color. We shared the chocolate hazelnut one, which tasted fine but was nothing special. To top it all off, while I wasn't looking the waitress whisked away a glass of wine which I hadn't yet finished drinking. Don't think we'll be back.Stopped in here for lunch prior to seeing an afternoon show at the Walnut Street Theater. We had reservations, but it was certainly not needed as it was not at all crowded on this particular Saturday afternoon. We had the option of brunch or lunch and we went with lunch. My wife had one of their gluten-free pizzas while I went with one of their 4-cheese pasta dishes. I enjoyed my pasta dish while my wife thought her pizza was just OK. I didn't particular care for her pizza, but it could have been because it was a GF pizza. A nice place inside and service was pretty good. For dessert, I got a couple of their dessert shooters which were pretty good. I do wish they gave you some complimentary bread or something with your meal. If you are a Walnut Street Theater subscriber, you do get a 10% discount. Would certainly come back and try some of their other pasta dishes.Tasty food, great drink menu, incredibly affordable, really funky atmosphere... but holy crap, our server was terrible. She  immediately asked for our food order, and stood there staring at us when we mentioned we'd need some more time. She repeatedly informed us of discounts we weren't eligible for (that we weren't aware of in the first place), and after our food came out, she disappeared. Completely. For over an hour. She finally brought our check, and then disappeared for another half hour or so. It wasn't until we threw down some cash and stood up to leave that she ran over and said something about "being right with us." Uhhh... sure.
The food was great but I'd be hesitant to come back until they step up their staff training, especially after reading similar reviews.It seems that gourmet pizza is available on every street corner these days, which should be a good thing...but kust like everything else in life, just because its everywhere, doesnt mean the quality is all the same, or its all worth having.
The 1/2 price pizzas at happy hour is yempting, and the combinations look great.  The procidonna (zucchini, eggplant, pepperoni) looked delish, the veggies were perfectly roasted and seasoned, the sauce fresh and bright, but the crust tasted like sawdust...as if they ran out of salt and used generic our for the dough (does any real pizza place still use anything other than Caputo 00?).
The calamari was the best dish we had, with a peppery-spicey red sauce for dipping.  A large enough portion to share with 3-4 people as an app, and a nice crispy breaded exterior with a moist and springy but not rubbery interior.
The cheese plate was the biggest disappointment.  Loaded on a plate with iver toasted baguettes and a sode of honey and some type of fruit paste, ive had a better sampling of cheeses at the supermarkets free deli tray.  Seriously, just take this off the menu because there was nothing about this dish done right (portion size, selection, variety, pairing, condiments, even the roasted peppers and garlic on the plate all combined to make this dish even worse).
Wine selection is a little thin, but they're happy to offer you taste's ofoat of whats on the menu...with that said , there's no excuse
For serving everything (including the prosecco) in a small rocks type glass.  How do you have an entire page of wines by the glass and serve everything in a small water glass!
Service was friendly buy disorganized (came back to the table 3x's for the wine order, final time still brought an italian prosecco instead if the spanish rose cava ordered).My wife and I came here with some of her coworkers a week or two after they opened. We had a fantastic experience. The bartender Steve was so friendly and easy going. We asked him if they had a happy hour menu. They didn't at the time but the next time we came in they did. The happy hour menu is unbeatable! $3 beers, $4 wines, $5 special drinks, $5 pizzas! 
We eat here often and do happy hour every Monday. The atmosphere and service is great. Their full menu is full of delicious Italian food. I've had many things on the menu and haven't found a thing I dislike. 
I highly recommend Stella Rossa Ristorante!For a night at the Walnut Theatre, we had dinner here first. Parking beside the restaurant. This place has good gluten free pasta and pizza. Good tasting cocktails. Pleasant staff. 
Would like to recommend the tomato mozzarella appetizer for a starter.Something changed here. The quality has gone way down and my favorite entree is gone. The arancini are now tiny and flavorless. My husband's chicken parmigiana was a child's portion. He described it as nothing special.  
We are so disappointed because we used to enjoy eating here before WST shows. Next time we'll try a different restaurant.I thought the pizza was reasonably good, but I was unhappy with the final check: $100 (including tip) for two pizzas, an appetizer and three drinks (i.e. a glass of cheap rose' for $11, a two glasses of house cork-taint Cabernet for $9 each). Absurd for a place like this. I wonder what happens if one orders a steak....Finally got to try this place down the street from me for center city sips. The drinks were incredibly tasty and strong. Service was great and although we didn't get to try the food this time, it looked fantastic and not too overpriced. Atmosphere was pretty unique and lovely. Thoroughly enjoyed being here. I'll write an updated review once we try the food!This spot is underrated in philly. The margarita pizza I have had there is absolutely fantastic. Thin crust (which is yum yum for me) and big mozz chunks. Their pizza is excellent. If they kept their $5 a medium pie happy hour special I'd likely be there most Thursday's. Unfortunately they changed it where that isn't the case. The other food was average but tasty. The calamari was freshly fried with a great garlic aioli. The mussels had an excellent broth that slowly brought a spicy side that I loved. The staff was mediocre and the drinks were more half shot of rum and 2 glasses of coke (in a red solo cup size drink). For the price, it's not an every week spot but something worth a check outMy boyfriend and I went and had an amazing experience! Our waitress was very friendly and explained the menu clearly. The atmosphere was great, and our food was delicious! I had the chicken parm and fettuccine Alfredo. it was amazing! We will definitely be back!I happened to be in Philly with my Mom for her Doctors Appointment and I noticed Barra Rossa on the way to her appointment.  It just so happened that by the time we finished the appointment it was dinner time and my Mom and I when to Barra Rossa.  We got a set right a way, the atmosphere was great and the decor  was inviting.  Our server Jenna was a complete gem, she was attentive and patient.  We both tried their meta e meta, which is half Pizza and half Stromboli.  I know you are saying, "what", yes that is what I am saying.  1/2 Pizza and 1/2 Stromboli,  My Mom had the standard Meta while I ordered a Suprasata and Pepperoni Meta.  The great think about Barra Rossa is everything is made fresh so you can customize you order.  The Meta was great and stood up to its expectation.
In fact, it was so good I ordered one to go for my wife and she had the pepperoni order.  She loved it too.  I would very highly recommend this restaurant. And hopefully Jenna will be your server.For a night at the Walnut Theatre, we had dinner here first. Parking beside the restaurant. This place has good gluten free pasta and pizza. Good tasting cocktails. Pleasant staff.We wanted to go to lolita but couldn't find parking and were very hungry. This place seems fun and we found parking right outside so we had lunch here. 
The overall decor and ambience is good. We are vegetarians and they have good options in menu for vegetarians. 
But we were disappointed when our food was served.  The salad was too tangy with no flavor and no crispness. It didn't feel fresh.  
We had ordered penne with marinara for Kids and the pasta was overdone and sauce was too runny! 
We were not served bead basket unless we asked for it (a given at most Italian places). And our pasta was Ok too. Not packed with flavor. All in all not worth the $$$ they charge.  Service was ho hum too.Went there for one of friends Bday. Think they booked this place because she was on gluten free diet and needed private space for the event. 
Wasn't completely private but they did have sort of separated group dining space. 
Ambiance reminded me modern cafeteria and wasn't impressed. 
We were waited to be seated a bit so I had glimpsed on others pasta dishes and quickly made up my mind to order something safe. I got cheese platter. It's gonna be safe bet c
The platter was HUGE. They gave me so much cheese and that was very generous. Sadly my cheese was not good. Some of them I did not taste any flavor. Kind of rubbery texture when you chew on not so good quality  of cheese. No one really enjoyed it.. Boo.Disappointing... The atmosphere was nice but our service was slow. We (three of us) started off with a bottle of Pellegrino and after we ordered our food some bread (made in the pizza oven) was delivered hot. It was decent... we had been walking around all day and were pretty hungry so the five small pieces did not last long. We were offered a second basket that never came...
We ordered two salads as a starter... a large Caesar Salad and a Pear Endive Salad. The Caesar salad was meh... no shaved Parmesan and little anchovy taste. The pear endive salad was tasty but only had 6 small slices of pear on a large bed of greens with some bleu cheese and candied walnuts. Most of the time you were eating greens with no cheese, walnuts or pear...
The entrees we ordered were the Margherita pizza, Penne Pinoli, and Chicken Piccata. The pizza was good but a little on the sparse side as far as the Margherita toppings went, the Penne Pinoli was good, but the Chicken Piccata was a joke...
Usually when you order something with 'chicken' in the title you expect some chicken in the dish. O_o
The chicken piccata plate had a small piece of chicken about the size of a half of a deck of cards and another tiny piece which was cut from probably another smaller chicken breast. It was served on top of vermicelli with plenty of mushrooms but not many capers. When the dish arrived I asked the waitress about it to see if this was typical of the dish... she seemed to not really know so I asked for a manager.
The manager came over and said (after I asked about the portion of chicken) "that she thought they gave me extra chicken and she could take the cut (smaller) piece back if I wanted her to do so"... I almost laughed out loud! Seriously? You want to take away the chicken when I'm questioning the small amount of chicken in a dish called "Chicken Piccata" where the chicken is usually featured? Ridiculous...
I'd recommend the 1/2 Caraffe of house red wine... it made the ridiculousness of the manager seem less idiotic. 
We skipped dessert and stopped at a local bakery on the way back to our hotel instead. You may have better results if you stick to the pizza or aren't that hungry.
**UPDATE**
--------------
After Melissa had replied to my review I was contacted by the general manager, Nick Longobardi, about our dinner at the restaurant. Nick was very concerned and was extremely apologetic that our dinner experience was less than stellar at Barra Rossa. I really appreciated Nick's genuine concern that we didn't have the best meal experience the restaurant could have offered us, and after speaking with him I sincerely felt that our experience was not typical of the restaurant. We will definitely give Barra Rossa another try the next time we visit Philly.Came here last night after a show. Our server was Rachel I think, super friendly and was a wonderful waitress! Really quick and really nice. The kitchen was only open for another 15 minutes when we got there, so she made sure she got our orders in, in enough time but without rushing us. I had the gnocchi bolognese, which was delicious! My brother had the four cheese pizza, which looked really good. Really cool atmosphere and pretty well priced!Just ok for the price, basic Italian food that didn't taste any better than I could make at home. 
I ordered the meat and cheese plate and it was decent, nothing amazing for sure. Then the pear salad was underwhelming as well. 
Boys ordered Tortellini with Alfredo and peas and the baked ziti. Again, nothing special. 
On to the desserts...the waitress brought out this little tray of pretty pre-made mini-mouse cup desserts to choose from and we each picked one (Tiramasu, Key Lime and cappuccino flavors).  
The key lime was awful, it tasted like sour cream cheese. The others did not get eaten either. Sigh. $98 plus tip!!!We got squeezed into I think the last open table in the place and glad we did. Firstly, it was pouring outside. Secondly, the food was good. We had some apps and then shared a pizza. Everything was very tasty. The service was boiling and quick even with how busy they were. I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again, even if it's not raining outside. :)Great meal, great service! Perfect lunch or dinner spot prior to seeing a show at The Walnut Street Theatre. The antipasta plater, gluten free pizza and squash soup were all fabulous! The martinis are also a hit!Ordered a Margherita Pizza to go with mushrooms, onions and garlic.  Got it home - NO FRESH BASIL!!!!!  Seriously ???  It was awful.  The pizza was terrible. Never againWe've been to this restaurant several times. It's our Go To place for dinner before a show at the WST. Fare is delicious with enough variety to suit any palate. Service is always great and timely. For this Goldilocks it's just the right fit.This is an unusual Italian eatery with casually elegant ambience and a diverse menu. Upstairs and main floor tables. A bit on the noisy side. Service was efficient and the food tasty. We shared multiple appetizers with our cocktails. Entrees we're good size but not overly large. Good value for a city restaurant.Great food! Great atmosphere! The waitress Devon was awesome! They also have State Side Vodka!Excellent food within walking distance of the Walnut Street Theater...service was great,would have given a 5,but was a little underwhelmed by the "empty " vibe of the upstairs seating.Barra Rosa has a cozy atmosphere and two floors of dining.  I enjoy the gluten free pizza variety they have as well as some of the other dishes.  I mostly get take out from Barra since it seems the take out prices are much less than the sit-in pizza prices.  The staff is always friendly!3.5! I stopped by for lunch one day for a pizza to go and it was delicious. Nice crunchy crust. Perfect toppings and cheese ratio. The prices are a lil pricey, but this is a fancy pizza place so I would expect that.
I also got an illy latte which was great.
The staff there is very friendly and my food came out quickly.
I would come back to try dinner.Came for my cousins graduation with a large party.  It was nice of them to accommodate such a large group, I think there was 14 of us and a baby. 
They sat us upstairs and unfortunately upstairs isn't wheelchair or baby stroller accessible so we just had to carry the stroller upstairs.  
The decor was really cute inside I loved the way it looked but everything else was just meh.
Starting with the host, or the manager whoever he is didn't even greet us at the door so I'm just smiling at random people hoping that someone would be like Hi how many or something. Like a minute later just standing in the small front of the restaurant people are walking past us and the host was like do you need help? WTH.
So we finally sat upstairs and they gave us a prefixed menu that didn't leave much choice, either a regular salad, a caprese salad (with totally old flavorless cheese, and a choice of chicken, eggplant, or salmon.  I ended up getting the eggplant, but you can't go wrong with breaded and fried anything.  Although I wish I got the salmon it looked delicious.  And the chicken was bland and dry, nothing to brag about.
The service was good, we had this wonderful super friendly waitress who was just kind and I'm sure it was a hassle already for her to deal with so many of us. 
We also ordered from their regular menu too and ordered fried calamari.  It's a scam though they threw in some fried jalapeno rings that looked like calamari to fill up the plate.  The charcuterie sampler was delicious at least.
Dessert was awful, we had some little mousse oreo sampling and a nutella one, and they also left us some crappy cannoli's (being from NY no cannoli can compare).I took one of my clients here for a late lunch and business discussion. The food was very good. I had a gluten-free mushroom pizza. Typically, GF pizza options fall apart or have zero flavor. I was impressed by the texture and taste of the dough. I would definitely order again. The service was not as great. I felt rushed by our server, as she inquired twice if we were ready for the check. The restaurant was not packed, so there was really no reason. My client felt slightly uncomfortable as our server kept walking by cleaning other tables, giving us the stare-down. I would hope that next time the quality of service matches the food.Went there last night before the Walnut Street Theatre with 4 other family members and really had a great experience. I had the Eggplant Parm which was very good, and everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I thought the service was very good also, and would definitely recommend this place as a strong choice for pre theatre dining.Better half loved this place, i felt there was something lacking in flavor and seemed more slapped together than crafted, but i'm a snob when it comes to pizza.  Super crowded but great service even on a super busy night.  Great ambiance, seems like it could be very romantic, but it's pretty loud and crowded.Great wine selection!!  Brought the family here over the holiday break. Had The minestrone soup, Pear and Bleu pizza and calamari. All excellent and would recommend. Great servers. Very friendly and attentive.I went tonight with a friend. The place looks great, and I love the design. The food was fine but wasn't extraordinary. I had spaghetti and meatballs; the gravy was slightly watery, and I prefer my gravy hearty. I ordered a blood orange mojito that wasn't quite on point; I should have stuck with wine. And I felt the service was uneven. The waiter was pleasant and friendly, but he noticeably lacked a sense of time management, which seems like Food Service 101. He was tremendously slow to get our drinks and our orders, way too fast with executing the meal, and then way too slow with administering our bill. I suppose it was commiserate with my expectations for a relatively young restaurant in a city that's saturated with Italian joints. I'm sure the server and the food will improve over time. But for now, it was just "meh."Dined here for lunch with a group of coworkers. We sat in the upstairs section and we really liked the exposed brick Decor and modern feel. We ordered apps to split: mozzarella with tomato antipasto, crab and portabella and calamari. The apps were excellent, fresh and delicious, the crab and portabella got a little salty towards the end. Our entrées were grilled shrimp salads, grilled veggie sandwich, a crab and pasta in a creamy pink sauce, chicken parm sandwich with Parmesan truffle fries, and something else that I can't remember. All of the food was beautifully presented. The pasta and the chicken parm dishes were very good. The fries were a standout. Perfectly crispy and seasoned just right. Although the shrimp in the grilled shrimp salads were cooked perfectly, the salads were quite disappointing because both the dressing and the shrimp themselves were overly salty. My colleague said her grilled veggie sandwich was just okay. Service was pretty good. Our servers were attentive, timely and pleasant.Very good food and service.  However, there was draft coming in from the outside and made my girlfriend so cold that she was forced to keep her coat on all night. Two tables around us asked to be relocated because of the temperature. 
Don't let this deter you from this place; the pasta and margarita pizza were better than some places in the city. The servers were on top of everything and refilled our waters and drinks as soon as we were done them. I'd recommend it anyone.Great place to go for a quick meal before a show at The Walnut. Friendly staff and great service. Kids menu (pizza) is also a great value.This place was really good. We went before a show and did not have any huge expectations. We had the spaghetti and meatballs and the chic park. They were both delicious! For dessert we had the tiramisu which was really good. My wife doesn't even like tiramisu and she liked this one. Would definitely recommend this place and will be sure to go there again in the near future.High-quality, delicious and great service for delivery Jim is awesome best cheese platter came with free awesome dessertVery delicious Italian restaurant in center city. Went there for the first time last night and had a great experience. We had reservations - which I would advise doing if going for a weekend dinner. 
As for the food everything was great. I ordered the Pucillo pizza ($15): Tomato Sauce, Smoked Mozzarella, Prosciutto, Fresh Arugula. I really enjoyed it. Great flavors. There were a couple specials ordered - stuffed shells, chicken Marsala. All looked great and everyone was satisfied. Service was also great. Draft list was a little limited though. Eat it!The atmosphere was the best thing about this place.  They have outdoor seating and an open window atmosphere when the weather is nice.  We ended up sitting upstairs which had a little more upscale decor from the downstairs.  I went with three other people, so we ordered appetizers, cheese, olives and a caprese salad.  The cheese and olives were delicious, but the tomatoes in the caprese weren't ripe.  Two of the guys I was with ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and the other a pizza margherita.  I had the Penne Pinoli which had really good flavor.  The penne wasn't great...it was just plain old dried pasta (I thought it would be fresh).  The same with the spaghetti....but I guess that's what you get when you only pay $14 for a dish.  The pizza crust could have been cooked longer so the bottom browned more.  I would return to this place only to sit outside for drinks.Mediocre food and mediocre service. I was there for late night happy hour which was half off appetizers. I tried the calamari, the antipasto and the arancini. Although all were good, it was nothing to brag about. We also ordered a cheese board to split (5 types of cheeses for $14 dollars). The cheese board was huge but overall disappointing. Plus, we were not told which cheese was which by our server. The happy hour mixed drinks were basically all soda. Cool atmosphere but overall disapointed.I went with my friend for casual dinner couple Fridays ago and it was awesome. 
the service is spectacular!! they modify the menu for us, was very attentive and overall really really nice. 
The food was good. nothing fancy, and for the price, very satisfying. the drinks were great and also the dessert.
I'll def. go again!Took my daughter and her friend here for dinner before a show at walnut st theater. We had no reservations and there was an hour wait. The maitre d helped with accommodations by seating us right away at the upstairs bar. He asked if we were seeing a show, & said he'd send a waitresses over right away. Our waitress was very attentive and very helpful. We didn't feel rushed and our food came out in a very timely fashion. We had the cheese sampler which was very good. Salads the Chop and the beets & Goat cheese were very tasty and the proportions were a nice size. For dinner my daughter & friend enjoyed the Margarita Pizza cooked to perfection. I had the special scallops and shrimp linguine with sun-dried tomatoes in a vodka sauce. Originally served with a spicy sauce but was very easily substituted with the vodka sauce. I had enough left over for a second meal. We also had coffee and chocolate mousse for dessert. All this and still had 15 minutes before curtain time. 
Thank you so much Barra Rossa for the great dinner (props to the chef), excellent service (all around) and for having us out in time for Sister Act!  we'll definitely be backThe atmosphere and service were great, as was most of the food! Appetizers tasted delicious hot but the mozzarella fritte basically turned into fancy cheese sticks when cooled down. Arancini was fantastic. I had the gnocchi con bolognese which was delicious and very filling, but my mom's plate (the penne pinoli) was very light and much more suited to be a lunch than a dinner as it was little more than pasta in a butter sauce. Tasted great but not that filling or interesting.
We got the Jasmine Martini and the Jefferson lemonade and I would recommend both!Went here after trying to go to Zavino, which had a  2 1/2 hour wait. We didn't have a reservation and were told it would be a few minutes but were seated at a booth upstairs within 2 minutes of arriving. For appetizers, my boyfriend and I shared the mozzarella and tomato antipasto and I had the beet salad. Both were excellent. They get all of their meats and cheeses from DiBrunos. The antipasto was huge and authentic. The highlight of the antipasto was the garlic flatbread! The salad was fresh, crisp, and perfectly dressed. The goat cheese in it was perfect; it didn't have that funny after taste that is sometimes noticeable with lower quality goat cheese. For our entree, we ordered the Gaetano and Fiachetto pizzas. The Gaetano (sausage, broccoli rabe, roasted garlic) was delicious and very flavorful. The broccoli rabe was spot on and had just the right amount of bitterness, I didn't feel like I was eating spinach! The Fiachetto pizza (olives, tomatoes, artichokes, mozzarella, topped with prosciutto), we didn't care for. Everything on it obviously came straight from a can/jar. I saw in previous reviews people complained about service, but I beg to differ: our service noticed we didn't really eat the Fiachetto, asked if anything was wrong with it, and when we told him we just didn't really care for the flavor, he took it off our bill! Other points on the service: drinks were a little slow, my boyfriend got his second beer as we were finishing our meal despite having ordered it well before then. Overall, a decent experience. I agree with the other reviews about the pizza being slightly underdone, especially on the bottom which was surprising because their bread is delicious! I think I would return for the items we ordered but don't know about venturing beyond that.ICK.  Not sure why there are such high ratings.  At best this place is a 2.5.  I agreed to come here based on the decent yelp reviews but YELP FAILED me!!
Service 2 stars: probably worst service I've had in a long time
Food 3 stars at best
I came here on a Saturday evening with a party of 4.  We had reservations at 6:45 yet were left standing about 20 minutes until we got seated.  We were offered 4 consecutive seats at a bar initially - thanks for the sentiment, but no thank you ... we have a reservation for an actual table...?
We were finally seated on the 2nd floor - we were able to scope out the dining scene in the whole restaurant during the walk up.  There were a bunch of empty tables .... so I was left wondering, why did we have to wait so long again?
The service - our Stanley Tucci lookalike was the WORST SERVER.  Maybe he was off his game but he mentioned bringing us bread about 4 times before we actually got any.  It took an extraordinary amount of time to get simple beverages.  My friend ordered the Cello of the day- he came back about 10 minutes later saying he had to wait from the bartender to see if they still had that flavor.  Isn't it simply a "Yes we have it" or "No we don't" when it is ordered? 
When we finally got our bread the accompanying dipping oil arrived when half the bread was gone - Thanks we didn't know it came with it.....    We felt like an afterthought.  There was a party of about 10 seated next to us who was on their second helping of bread before we even got our one and only basket.
Lets move on to appetizers- I got the Arancini Balls and our friend ordered the Calamari.  WORST ARANCINI BALLS EVER.  They were lukewarm, not cheesy, and pretty sure the frozen ones from Trader Joes would school the heck out of what we were served.  My friend ordered the Calamari  - which interestingly enough was served with fried peppers that were cut and cooked to look just like the calamari - Maybe Stella Rossa thinks this is a genius idea but it's actually really annoying not knowing if you're about to bite into a calamari or a pepper.  Rethink this one.  PLEASE.
We finally get our entrees - salumi pizza, chicken parmagiana, gnocchi bolognese, and the pasta with lump crab.   The pizza - it had potential but was undercooked- the crust was soggy from the get go.  Who wants to eat fresh soggy pizza from a place that is supposed to have good pizza? Nobody.  My gnocchi bolognese was more of a ragu - with shredded meat.  If i had known I was going to get shredded meat I would have ordered something else.  The gnocchi itself was good.  I didn't taste the chicken parm or the pasta with lump crab but it did not look all too impressive (I think Olive Garden has got this place beat).
Lets go back to Stanley Tucci lookalike server who starts grating cheese onto my friend's entree and ends up dropping the ENTIRE handheld block into his chicken parm.  He said sorry..... offered to bring some club soda (to soak the stains on my friend's shirt)... but didn't offer to bring a NEW entree that hasn't been contaminated by the handheld (by how many hands who knows) cheese?  GROSS.   Add to that at least 3 additional times when asking if we want additional cocktails or coffee the server would keep joking about how he wouldn't drop cheese on it.  NOT FUNNY.   He could have redeemed  himself a little by offering something up for free- maybe some free coffee or free dessert but he didn't even offer us dessert while we saw him showing off a tray of goodies to the party next to us. 
I wish I could take this evening back and have gone somewhere else to spend my money and appetite.  I made a special trip to Philadelphia and this was a horrendous dinner.  I will NEVER go back here.  Pick some place else - you won't be sorry as there are much better dining options around.Decided to pop in late on a Thursday for "Jeff night."  I was pretty disappointed when I first found out that the $5 pizza had been taken off the happy hour and replaced with half off appetizers, but quickly changed my mind when the orders came to the table.   Being from New England I'm naturally a seafood snob, but the perfectly fried calamari made me forget I ever wanted a pizza.  Since apps were half off I also sprung for the mussels which were marinating in a broth that could rival Monks.  
Downsides consisted of there not being a wait staff... we had to crawl over each other and walk to the bar every time we needed to order a drink or another app.   One of my friends ordered Minestrone off the appetizer menu but apparently it wasn't half off even though we were told all appetizers were 50% off (she did comment on the excellent vegetable to soup to pasta ratio).  
I plan to return for a quick drink and app on a random Thursday night, but wouldn't rush back for any other occasion.We went here before a show at the Forrest Theater (bonus: 10% off your bill if you show them your tickets!).
For appetizers, we ordered the assorted olives and fried mozzarella.  I will never find a reason to complain about a bowl of olives, and it was a nice assortment.  The breading on the fried mozzarella kind of tasted like ham, which was strange, but not enough to deter my husband.  The rolls were nice and warm and soft, with a great seasoning blend on top.
For a main course, I had the capellini pomodoro.  It came out with cheese sprinkled on it, when the menu said nothing about cheese.  Our server said that they sprinkle cheese on everything, whether the menu says it or not, so make sure you speak up if you have issues with dairy!  Otherwise it had a nice flavour, although the dime sized slices of garlic weren't very appealing, and I picked around them (you're welcome, dear).
My husband had the gnocchi bolognese.  The chunks of beef were a nice alternative to ground meat, and they were very tender... however he said that the sauce tasted more like beef gravy than anything with tomatoes in it.  The gnocchi definitely weren't made in house, but they weren't awful.
On a random note, the water glasses were very small.  I guess they're trying to encourage you to buy a drink, but I expected a bigger glass to come when I said I only wanted water.  Our server was constantly coming by with a pitcher to refill.  It was good that my glass was never empty for long, but it seems like his time could have been used for something else.
Overall, it was ok.  I wouldn't rule out a return trip, but it's definitely not my new favourite Italian restaurant.I had never been here before but I made a reservations here for lunch (party of 7) with clients based on the diversity of options on the menu, affordability and proximity to the Philadelphia convention center (where we were attending a conference).  Barra Rosa did not disappoint!
We were seated in the upstairs area, which was very quiet (compared to the downstairs area, which was crowded) so it was perfect for business discussions.  According to my clients, the pizzas and sandwiches were great, and the portion sizes ample for the price.
The service was fantastic.  It was prompt and attentive, and we didn't feel rushed.  I will definitely come back here again.So 2nd time here...food is not bad although ive had better pizza...now heres the problem...
Server obviously, lets say, hmmm, not unstoned...but thats not even the problem as thats pretty much the nature of the industry
The problems are....
Never correct a guest when pronunciating menu items...caprese is usually pronounced 2 ways...long e or short e
Ordering what is listed as a bottle of wine should be just that...not here...here u order higher priced wine and then are told it comes out in 2 caraffes...then when u get the carraffe its actually a half carraffe and u honestly dont know what ur drinking
Then when customer brings to ur attention dont justify by offering something free just ensure to give customer what they ordered.
On a plus side tge chicken maxima is deliscious the crabs and linguini awesome...not saying i wouldnt recommend...just be carefulFew things are less appetizing than watching mice run across the floor as you enjoy your drink and pizza.  Sure, the food was delicious (mushroom pizza was superb) and the drinks were great--but there were MICE running across the dining room floor.  Brazenly.  Can't imagine what was in the kitchen.
When we pointed it out to the waitress she was like "oh yeah.  We have those."  Didn't even pretend to be surprised.  She did comp us some drinks.  But it's appalling.  Stay away.First time here was amazing! The waitress was attentive and the food came very fast. My girlfriend and I ordered the chicken parmesian and the crab and linguini Rossa. Both were delicious and very filling! We each had some leftovers to take home. Great service and decor (the upper level of the restaurant is beautiful) makes this a five star review.Great place! Very good food and a very nice atmosphere! Waitress was very friendly and helpful too! Would definitely recommend!Our experience here was extremely disappointing. We had made a reservation more than a week in advance to celebrate an older family member's birthday - we were seated upstairs (despite our requests to avoid the stairs) and still were made to wait over 30 minutes at the bar for our table.
Our server was incredibly disrespectful. When we told him our reason for dining that evening, his response was to look at the guest of honor and say, "Well, happy freaking birthday." When we asked him a question about a dish, he was extraordinarily condescending, and behaved as if we were stupid to even consider asking. After that encounter, he seemed to be avoiding our table at all costs - I waited an extra 10-15 minutes just to see a gluten-free menu, and we had to ask to be served glasses of tap water. He forgot more than one drink order, and more than once had to be tracked down by the bartender or another server. When it became clear that he was not in the weeds, but rather willfully inattentive, members of our party got up scavenge extra napkins and plates for the appetizers from other empty tables nearby.
We waited at least 45 minutes for our entrees, so I was expecting something really spectacular. What we got was so disappointing, and not worth the wait at all. I ordered the Crab Rossa - the pasta was disgustingly over-cooked and there was no trace of crab anywhere in that dish. Other dishes were equally lackluster - requests for accommodations (no peppers, please) were blatantly ignored. Despite knowing it was a birthday celebration, the waiter never offered any kind of special action - no candles in a dessert, no special drink, nothing. 
I'd heard really great things about Stella Rossa, and I was really excited to go, but this experience was so disappointing I don't think we'll ever be back.By far my favorite place to eat in town. My wife and I stopped by last night and like each experience, this was great. We have yet to have a poor experience here. Our waiter was very nice and attentive and the food was hot. It was a very nice night out for us and I would recommend stopping by.Disappointed!!! No bread sticks or Italian bread. We got pizza flat bread! WTH! Loved our waitress, she was honest and busy. I tried the "Philly rest. week" menu. I had the scallops w/bacon- to dry. Jumbo shrimp
linguine-better next day, all the flavors melded better. Raspberry Chocolate cake. Very Rich. Best tasting thing this night. Bourbon Smash, tasty but not for $8.Excellent value, excellent service, pretty great food! I went here for a Friday night date with my siblings and our partners, a group of seven. We were seated at the 2nd floor dining room, which provided such a a chic, comfortable, homey rustic feel, it complimented the rustic italian food they serve. We started with their cheese plate. We continued with 2 pizzas and 5 entrees with some wine and beer. Serving size of each entree was perfect and that night they had a pork chop special that was absolutely delicious. Our pork chop was a tad bit over the medium temperature we ordered but it was too good that I had no need to complain about it. There was also a free meatball when you check in at yelp and the chef was nice enough to give us extras since we were a big group. Thank you btw! 
Our server Lisa was very pleasant and knew the menu both for food and drinks very well, something a newbie in any restaurant can appreciate. Overall I would absolutely recommend this place, specially for a big group, for what we ordered, which was plenty we only shelled out $38 each. 
Tips: pizza order is good for two people;  cheese plate is good to share for 2-3 and order the pitcher of sangria for $20!This was really bad. They rushed us in and out in 45 minutes and sat us upstairs with not one other party. The penne alla vodka was so bland. Felt like the Italian version of chilis.Amazing food! Pizza is mind blowing and fresh. Chicken parm comes with a side of Alfredo pasta mmmmm. All 4 of us cleaned our plates! Great service all around. high recommended for lunch and dinner! (definitely make a reservation for dinner)Just "OK". Food was average. Service, average. Overall just a mediocre dinner at an expensive price. Many, many better options in Philly. Would not waste a night here.I have celiac disease and ate here, it is safe and wonderful! I got the fru fru GF pizza and French fries, and didn't get sick .We've come here for dinner and have also ordered takeout! Everything was really good and I LOVE that they have a separate, gluten-free menu! (The gluten-free pizza is great!!)  Also the pricing is very reasonable.
The service was OK...just teach your servers to be a little more attentive and to listen better to orders/any specifications for food allergies!My sweetheart wanted pasta, and we were in the neighborhood, so we stopped in.  I didn't expect much, as the waiter said they were known for their pizza.  I had spaghetti and meatballs and my sweetheart had chicken served with linguine alfredo.  Both dishes were surprisingly good!  We have eaten at far more expensive Italian restaurants in Philly and enjoyed the food much less....we will go back.  Very good waiter, too.Severely underrated. I housed a chicken parm sandwich on my lunch break today (came out super fresh & hot) and continued to drink with the off duty pastry chef and the bartender, Dan, was as attentive and fun as they come. I love that Stella is so close to my office that when I have a particularly slow week or the boss is out for the week, I can indulge in a bit of liquid lunch. Great menu & variety, They were changing out their menu as I was there so they didn't have the prosecco I was wanting, but more than made up for it with delicious custom concoctions. Went alone to have a relaxing lunch at the bar and ended up makin 2 new friends. Great all around!Oh barra you tried really hard but fell short. 3 stars because of the place it's self. Really liked the atmosphere and our waitress was awesome. I forget her name unfortunately but she was great. 
Did restaurant week to see if we could find a new spot to enjoy but we didn't.
Appetizer- Arancini was extremely mushy inside, clams casino were okay mostly filler, calamari was tasty I have to say.
Cold appetizer- prosciutto was old could tell from it being a hard slice of prosciutto probably a couple days old. Vegi came out of a jar and the pepper had zero seasoning
Pizza- had a shrimp far diavola (which means spicy) when it came out it look really good, cooked properly. But it wasn't spicy at all and the bottom was literally white like it was still raw.
I had a filet with asparagus and rice. Filet was cooked perfectly but was bland as all hell. Rice was super undercooked felt like I was eating crackers.
My date had the chicken rollotini which was also bland and dried out. But she had mash potatoes which were really good. 
Dessert was sub par nothing really to remember. 
Side note: im pretty sure a fight broke out in the kitchen amongst the staff which was really noticeable and unproffessional.
Overall 2.5 rounded to 3, but we won't be going back.Came here last night for a quick bite. Literally. They had quick service! I loved the romantic lighting here. Large sized bar was available. What I ate: calamari appetizer, beet salad with goat cheese. They were both superb. Calamari had a very light and crisp batter; gave it a very fresh taste. Salad had just the right drizzle of lemony vinaigrette. Husband had the margarita pizza; which had 8 slices and seemed more like a personal pie to him. Overall cost for two people: $35.00-$40.00. Not bad in my opinion! Check it out!Looked like a nice place and my parents and I were looking for someone in the vicinity of where we parked. We ordered the Margherita Pizza and my father and I ordered the Chicken Parm hoagie with french fries. Food was very tasty, especially the sauce! The pizza was also cooked in a wood fire oven, YES! I would go back!!Limited menu. Overpriced for the quality and the variety. One of the waitresses was rushing us and just recommending the first item on the menu to get us to order so she can move the next table although the place was not crowded. We ordered what she recommended and was terrible. We left half of the food and we didn't even want to take it with us. Would never come back.Superior Customer Service.  Good Food.  Good Atmosphere.  Got cheese and meet platter, and personal pizza.  Delicious.  Caprese salad was good.Service, food and drinks were amazing. Six ladies from Texas in Philly shared 6 different plates. The gluten free pizza was delicious!!  Great experience!!  Thank you!!Some friends and I stopped in last night to get some dinner. This place is truly a hidden gem! I've been here for brunch but wanted to try it for dinner. We shared the calamari, which was a little bit more banana peppers than calamari. Still, it was a pretty tasty dish. For our entrees we had spaghetti and meatballs, penne vodka and the tortellini. The tortellini was amazing! I'm still dreaming about it. 
The service was attentive and the atmosphere was very laid back and comfortable. I will definitely be returning and would recommend to anyone.The jumbo shrimp, greens and linguine were superb! The white wine sauce was light, yet flavorful. Atmosphere was trendy and chic! Ready to return for a visit.WOW what a find!  After listening to my kids whine about walking around the city and that they were hungry, we came across this place.  It was either plead guilty after putting my kids on Ebay or enter the next available restaurant, I went with avoiding the courts and public opinion for a great surprise.  Our server Antonia was ACES!!  Took care of the kids needs ASAP.  Pizza and Fettuccine Alfredo. My wife and I enjoyed a bottle of the staff suggest Chianti.  Sautéed Calamari app was great. Chicken Parm and the Bolognese,  I had it with spaghetti and not the gnocchi,  was AWESOME!  When I return to Philly this us a place I will remember.I was hungry, went to the restaurant without searching for good reviewed restaurant, ordered calamari and margarita, the food didn't disappointed me. The service was pretty good. Anyhow, you can't go wrong with calamari and margarita pizza :)I have to say I am so impressed with this place. The owner NICK was absolutely amazing when it came to planning my work's holiday party. He was amazing and the service was amazing too. The food was amazing, the decor was amazing, it was all around amazing. I would absolutely plan another event here or just come here for dinner in general.We ate here for lunch and were very impressed. We started off with the calamari which I highly recommend and then ordered the pear arugula salad and the "Special Red" pizza. Everything tasted very fresh and was nicely presented. I have seen that some people in past reviews complained about portion sizes but I thought it was plenty of food. For two people, splitting an appetizer and a pizza was more than enough. Our server was very polite and attentive and was very knowledgable about the menu. We will definitely be going back. The decor was great too! :) Can't complain about a thing!I love this place.  I have visited on many occasions for different purposes from lunch meetings with clients to Happy Hour with co-workers to a big family dinner over the holidays.
We always have a great time and Steve, the bartender, always takes great care of us.
The food is delicious and worth every cent.  Their HH menu is fantastic, you can't beat getting a pizza and good quality wine.
I encourage anyone looking for a place to eat in the area to check it out.
Thank you Stella, keep up the good work!I love Barra rossa's white pies, and love them even more when they're half off. But, my order was unsatisfying today. I called for takeout and ordered a gaetano pie without the sausage, and asked to add roasted peppers instead of the sausage. The man said that was fine. I went to pick up my order 5 minutes early, and it was already ready. I quickly brought it back to my apartment because I was so hungry- to find out that there were no roasted peppers on the pizza! Definitely unsatisfying for a vegetarian who is eating pizza with no protein on it .. I wanted to add the roasted peppers to make the pizza more filling since the crust is thin and the pizza pie itself is a medium size. On top of that, there was a piece of sausage in my pie! I didn't ask for sausage on my pie for a reason ! Wow is all I have to say.I went there tonight for dinner, and I refused a table.  I was a party of one, and there were a couple of two tops on the main floor and more upstairs.  I asked for a table, and I was told by the Asian hostess that I had to sit at the bar.  
So if you are a party of one, you should avoid the restaurant.  Also tell all  your friends of their practices.
I have a friend dying of cancer at Jefferson Hospital and have eaten there before, just because it is close by.  The food is mediocre at best, just close by.
So sad of rude people at the front entrance. 
AVOID.....AVOID....AVOIDI had only heard positive things about Barra Rossa from friends so we wanted to try it out because we haven't found a good Italian restaurant in Philly yet. We went when they were participating in Restaurant Week. 
When we arrived at Barra Rossa, we were served "bread fresh out of the wood oven", which sounded very exciting, especially if you've ever been to a Bertucci's before. Unfortunately, the bread was a huge let down. It's their pizza crust dough that they sprinkle some seasoning on the top of the "rolls". The bread is very plain and really doesn't taste like anything, even with the seasoning. Not worth the calories. Next I had the hot trio appetizer. The fried mozzarella was delicious! I loved it. The meatball however was quite literally a ball of meat with no seasoning. Having grown up with Rao's recipe for meatballs, I did not enjoy Barra Rossa's meat ball. For my main course I had seafood fra diavolo, which I had been craving for a week so I was extra excited to order this. Unfortunately the linguini wasn't al dente. This is something I expect from a good Italian restaurant. In their defense, I didn't ask for al dente. Just thought it was a given. The seafood was great though. Possibly the most succulent shrimp I've ever had. As a personal preference, I wish the fra diavolo sauce was thicker. I finished my meal with a cannoli, which was very good except for the Hershey's chocolate syrup that they drizzled all over it. It really subtracted from how good the cannoli actually was. I could tell the cannoli was freshly squeezed and was not sitting in the shell in a display all night. 
I'd definitely describe Barra Rossa as romantic. We were lucky to have been seated by the window next to a street lamp because the restaurant is very dimly lit. Older patrons were using their cell phone flashlights to read their menus (lol). Parts of my experience at Barra Rossa were good, but overall I thought the food was mediocre for the cost (even with restaurant week pricing).Great corner ristorante! The salads were great and the veal chops over rissato were heavenly- melt in your mouth. Very good service - thanks Vanessa!had a great pizza with a flight of Italian and local beers
The atmosphere was casual yet elegant.  Servers and staff were knowledgeable and friendly.  We will most certainly return.Fantastic experience for a young restaurant.    Staff and servers were really friendly and efficient.   Also somehow they all had pretty good senses of humor.     Our server especially.  
The food was reasonable and very tasty.    Somehow fries are pretty easy for restaurants to screw up but they were excellent.   My roast pork panini was a little soggy on the bottom from all of the juice from the pork, but I didn't care because the sandwich itself was amazing.    I'll be back soon for sure.Excellent choice. Food excellent and Ethan our server was more than polite and attentive to our questions. Checked up on us throughout our meal to make sure our experience went smoothly. WILL BE BACK for sure.From outside it looks like it looks like a really cool place, inside details including the lighting and seating further this impression. 
I'm not sure if this is corporate or not but after being seated and looking over the menu it sure seemed like it.
I will say they had some decent wines available in increments up to a bottle, which is nice.
Service was nice enough albeit slightly unpolished.
We ordered arancini and calamari to start.  The calamari was really good actually, and the fried hot peppers with it and aioli were nice complements.  By contrast the arancini were absolutely horrible- the outside was fried but not crunchy, the inside was gummy and oddly enough some of the rice was crunchy and underdone. And it wasn't even really hot when it arrived.
We also ordered two sandwiches that came with cold fries and wilted freezer burnt lettuce.  The pork sandwich was good, but when you're in Philadelphia and serving a $12 pork sandwich it needs to be great- little meat and broccoli rabe although the cheese on it was good.
The other sandwich was forgettable as well.
Two stars for good wine, the space and the calamari.
I would return to try pizza at some point but probably not at my own suggestion.Looking for a not too chi-chi restaurant after over-indulging during the rest of a business trip, came across Barra Rossa. My group of 4 ordered a couple of pizzas (which were both delicious): the Margherita and the Mushroom. Great thin crust and the toppings were fresh. Also had the calamari appetizer. For an entree, I had one of the specials - linguini with shrimp and scallops in a white wine sauce. It was nice and light (despite the pasta) and perfect for summer. 
Really liked that the waitress specifically told us that the proteins were fresh and never frozen. You can really tell from tasting.Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4
Service: 2
Value: 4
Better than the Downingtown location, but the service was still off.The chicken parm and crab pasta are both really good, albeit on the pricier side...however the caesar salad we received was a complete rip off for $9. Lettuce, parmesan, and 4 croutons, not worth it.Went here for brunch with WinnyD and enjoyed the breakfast pizza without meat and the spinach, sundried tomato and goat cheese omelette.  Pretty good food, the server was a little linger-y but very kind and really wanted to please us.  Large coffee cups which was nice.  Italian coffee.  Just nothing special but I would definitely go back to try their other meals.Maybe my expectations were too high. I ordered a gluten-free pizza that was supposed to have fresh mozzarella, tomato, olives and prosciutto. They forgot the prosciutto entirely and when I mentioned it, they sprinkled some dry shreds of prosciutto on top. The cheese was definitely not fresh mozzarella, and utterly tasteless, generic, melted cheese. The prosciutto and mozzarella were the whole point of ordering this pizza! All the toppings seemed straight from a can. I've had better $2 frozen pizzas. 
I picked this restaurant for the gluten-free menu options, but even forgiving the frozen, mediocre gluten-free crust, the sad toppings ruined what could have been a passable base. From the sounds of it, all the patrons around me had issues with their food as well. Someone's dessert and coffee were sent back. Another table had mistakes with someone's entree. None of the food I saw on other tables looked great. This pizza honestly made me so sad and hurt my stomach.
The ambiance, which is suitable for all types of people, couples of all ages, friends, families, and solo diners, was pretty nice and relaxed. There are many better restaurants in the area.This place has much better food than I expected. Mozzarella antipasto and the Calamari were great.  House made pizzas are deliciousI had the gnocchi bolognese and my boyfriend had the lobster ravioli. Both delicious. They have amazing service. Our waiter was incredibly polite and answered all of our questions. On our way out, since it was Valentine's Day, the host was giving out roses as you left and thanked you for coming. I thought it was a lovely added gesture. We definitely both left happy. I would absolutely recommend this for date night. The atmosphere is very romantic when the sun starts setting. We loved sitting by the window.I wanted to like this place so much! The ambiance was decent, it was close to Forrest Theatre and theatre goers get 10% off. Plus, everyone was so nice. But the salad was drenched with dressing and tasteless and the crab pasta was light on the sauce and unremarkable. The desserts were in tiny glasses but only cost $3 so I won't complain about that. Overall, food left much to be desired.I worked with Nick to plan our wedding welcome party for 100 guests on a Friday night at Barra Rossa. I used to plan events professionally so I have a really high standard when it comes to customer service when planning parties. I spoke with and visited about 10 restaurants which were our top choices around our wedding hotel and Barra Rossa was by far the best choice. Nick was incredibly responsive, friendly, flexibly and provided so much help in the planning process. Let me preface this by saying some of the restaurants I visited & spoke to (famous Philly spots) were a nightmare to deal with. They took a week to reply or didn't write back at all when you're asking them to take your money. Nick was the complete opposite, a professional during the entire process. 
The event itself went off perfectly. We were a group of 100 high maintenance New York City guests who I often think believe that complaining is a sport. Not a single person had anything bad to say, everyone was raving about the food, the service and how friendly the staff was. We booked out the entire top floor and Nick set it up perfectly with both bars open, plenty of seating, food throughout the giant space, coat racks and checked in throughout the night. He also went above and beyond to provide special food for one of our guests with deathly food allergies as well as one kid who is just a pain when it comes to eating :). 
We had an open bar, top shelf booze, a ton of food that was spread throughout the evening and had more than enough space for 100 people to party. I would say about 50 of our guests had so much fun they stayed late after the party was open and kept drinking on their own tab. If you're looking for a beautiful event space with great F&B packages, don't hesitate and book here. This was the best bang for your buck around Old City/Center city. Thanks again Nick, we had so much fun!I came here two nights ago with two of my friends from work. We ordered the sausage and peppers, pucillo pizza, and penne pinoli. The waitress got us another bowl of bread after we finished ours so that was nice. The food and atmosphere were very good and we will be returning. the food only took a few minutes to arrive at our table. This restaurant is very well-managed and my friends and I were very pleased.Excellent service and meat balls. I made up a dish that had gnocchi and meatballs and it was great. Kids menu was excellent...nice size pizzas for only $7.  I will definitely return the next time I am in Philly.So I've been here a few times as I live a few blocks away, always sitting at the bar. If I were to rate this place based upon the bartender in the downstairs bar on the Mondays or the upstairs bar on the Thursday I've been here, this place would get five stars. They were attentive and great conversationalists. However, the bartender in the downstairs bar on the Thursday and Friday I've been here has been awful. This time I heard him curse twice, once muttering that a patron was a "piece of [expletive]" immediately after the customer had left but within earshot of me. He then spent several minutes angrily slamming things, all the while ignoring customers, and then he spent several minutes talking to someone I presume is the manager, again ignoring customers. I guess since he spent over an hour ignoring me I assumed he wasn't much of a talker, but boy was he. I think I'll stick to Mondays at this place (half off pizza)!My husband and I went tonight before a show. We found the food to be VERY tasty, the decor/ambience to be appealing and the service to be good. Our biggest complaint was it was muggy in the restaurant (was a very hot day outside). 
I got the sangria which was refreshing and my husband had a cocktail. The bread with olive oil was quite good and we got the fried mozzarella as an appetizer. It had a smoky mozzarella filling which was a great touch. I had the gnocchi con bolognese sauce- delicious had slow roast meat instead of ground meat that traditionally comes in this dish. My husband got the chicken parm with fettuccine Alfredo. Also delicious
The desserts came in small shot glasses. Just enough sweet to finish out the meal. 
Will definitely be going back.I had reservations at Barra Rossa last week, and right from the start our experience was awful. We arrived a little early for our reservation, so we sat at the bar and had a drink. First of all, we waited and waited until I stopped the hostess and was told they "couldn't find us", even though we told her exactly where we were going to wait. Secondly, as I sat at the bar and observed, the environment was SUPER chaotic, and the staff were zipping around the restaurant not taking notice/care of the patrons around them! I watched the manager and a few other staff almost knock down quite a few people! Talk about a recipe for a lawsuit....
Thirdly, when we were finally seated and our waitress arrived, she "double checked" with us to make sure we closed our tab at the bar...which is very unprofessional and insulting. Our waitress brought out a few dishes without utensils, which we had to wait a hot minute for, and she didn't keep up with drinks.
Lastly, when we finished eating we decided to grab a drink at the upstairs bar while we waiting for our car, and the bartender was extremely ditzy and rude! I waited, and waited, and waited for her to ask us what we needed, but instead of asking she proceeded to look at my boyfriend and I many, many times, but look right away, she took out her phone to text, and when I finally got her attention by yelling "HELLO" at her, she was very unapologetic and acted like she didn't know we were there.
The staff at Barra Rossa is clearly not well trained, and they do not seem to care about their customers. If you are looking to actually enjoy your lunch/dinner, then Barra Rossa is not the right place for you. If you are looking for a very chaotic and uncaring environment, then, mangia!!My brother and I stumbled across this restaurant while traveling on the east coast.  Our meal and service was among the best ive had anywhere. I ordered spaghetti bolognese (not on the menu) and was treated to best spaghetti bolognese I've ever had.  Elsewhere on the trip id ordered the same thing and got pasta with a creamy tomato mess that wasn't close. Here I was quite specific what I wanted. And they more than fulfilled my request.  Lisa, our wait person was every bit professional and a relaxed joy to have caring for us.   100% recommended by me and my brother.I liked this place. We went and sat at the bar. Husband got chicken parm and I got their shrimp salad, and we both got a couple glasses of Malbec. He liked the parm, but my salad (which the waitress recommended) was composed of about four shrimp and a bunch of lettuce. The atmosphere is cute. I'd go back if I happen to be in the area and would try another salad, but wouldn't go out of my way.We love eating here before a show at Walnut Street theatre.  The menu has plenty of delicious choices and the portions are decent. There are some nice dessert options as well.    We've always enjoyed great service and the ambiance.Great atmosphere. Very warm and inviting. Tall ceilings and Brick walls...very historic feel. Came for brunch and was very good!  Waitress and staff very friendly and attentive!  Would def come back and try dinner next time.We visited Barra Rossa with my father in law.  I wanted to like them, I really did.  The service was fantastic and things moved along well.  The food on the other hand, was what got them removed from the list.
My wife and I had the Hot Trio to start.  This was the star of the meal.  The smoked mozzarella was the on point, and the meatball was passable.  The arancini was too salty for human consumption.
On to the main course: The men had the veal chop, while my wife opted for the fra diavlo.  The veal chop was not properly trimmed at all.  They were both mostly fat without much substance, which left us feeling lacking after the main course.
Dessert was the biggest letdown.  The Salted Caramel cheesecake was okay, but the "Sicialian Cannoli" was a travesty.  I could have gotten better cannoli from Super Fresh.
All in a piece of fried mozzarella and some salty balls were not worth the $35 for restaurant week and we're not going back anytime soon.Food was fine, but service was oddly cold and cocktails were subpar. I was with a group of colleagues at the upstairs bar. We were basically the only ones there, and yet the bartenders were so unfriendly. It almost felt like they didn't want to be there and/or they didn't want us to be there. And standard cocktails (Old Fashions, etc.) were not well-done. Definitely will not go back. What an odd missed opportunity--to not woo a captive audience.I visited Stella Rossa with my husband, sister, and brother in law a few weeks ago. It was cold and there was snow on the ground, so maybe that is why the restaurant had plenty of seating.
It was not very warm and inviting; the vibe was actually grumpy and quiet and the service was really bad from the beginning. 
We were seated right near the front so that we got hit with cold air every time the front door opened. We kindly asked to move, and even joked around to show there were no hard feelings. We were greeted with eye rolls and sighs. It took 20 minutes for them to approve our move and clean a new table. We thought they forgot we asked. During this time, our waitress had appeared, but literally walked away in the middle of our ordering drinks once she found out the table was to be moved. Before she left, I had asked to sample two of the wines I was between. She told me no, I could not, but I could pay for two small servings. I have never heard this before!! Really??? Most restaurants let you try a tiny taste if it's wine by the glass. But I was nice about it since my sister and brother in law were visiting and I didn't want things to be awkward. I told her I would try to just pick one myself. She did not offer any help, which ended up not mattering since she literally walked off during the drink order.
We were finally allowed to change tables, but we had to move our own plates and silverware and bread. (Bread had arrived even though we had not yet been able to order drinks). We were next to a window at this point and it was still cold. We didn't say anything this time and just wore our coats.
I tried again to purchase samples of the two wines I was interested in with our waiter, who was much friendlier than the waitress. Everyone else placed their orders too and drinks finally arrived 40 to 45 minutes after we got to the restaurant. Well, all the drinks except mine. They were out of the wines I wanted. The waiter made his alternate recommendations but they were completely different than what I was going for and it was clear that the staff hadn't been trained in wine. I just went with whatever he recommended and it was fine. At this point, an hour after we got there, we were finally asked if we would like to order food.
The meal was passable, which I why I gave two stars. It was a very solid OK. Nothing memorable at all, but nothing bad. We got pizza and pasta dishes and a calamari appetizer. In the meantime, I noticed another party being seated at our original table. They eventually moved as well. 
The waiter tried really hard to be friendly, but it got a little annoying. He kept coming over and joking and talking loudly and telling us what his wait style was. He also mentioned some tables were mean, but he could tell our table was chill so he knew he could kid around. Which was true, it just got to be a bit much. He was trying to do a good job, so we stayed polite and smiling. But by that point, we just wanted to get out of there. We finally paid the bill but had to help clear our own table since only part of the dishes were taken away and the bill was placed among leftover food and dirty plates.
Overall, it seems like maybe Stella Rossa is run by first time owners and staffed by inexperienced waiters. At least that's what I began to wonder. With SO many other amazing, delicious restaurants with professional severs from which to choose, I will not go back. Especially when Pizzeria Stella by Steven Starr (MY FAVORITE!!) is not much further away!!Love this place! I am always looking for a good happy hour spot in center city- nothing too expensive, good atmosphere and crowd and good food (also vegetarian friendly). This place is all of those things. I have been here multiple times already for both happy hour and lunch and have no complaints. The bar staff has always been really nice and good to talk to. I could come here with coworkers, my friends, boyfriend and family- it is great for everyone. They had a great cocktail featured for happy hour for sips this week. The $5 pizza for happy hour is delicious and could be a whole meal! I really recommend stopping in.We are always willing to try a new place and we wanted home cooked Italian and though why not.   Overall the experience was great until we left and the hostess insisted on challenging us on a comment we made as we left.
The service was great  -  Josh a very energetic server took care of us and intermittently we  chatted with the manager Vinnie who made us feel welcome and he was incredibly entertaining.  Both Josh and Vinnie made sure our experience was a good one.
They seated us at booth 56 upstairs in the back against the front window.  We had asked for a booth back and this was fine until we saw them setting up a buffet table next to us for a private party.  As the guests gathered at the bar for the private party we asked to have our table moved so we would not be part of their evening. The noise level was annoying to say the least. 
Josh quickly moved us to a booth further up front which was fine.  Service / food was fine.  It was not the best in the neighborhood but well worth it for the cost.  Josh was overwhelmed trying to serve tables in the midst of the party.  Not fair to him or the folks sitting at tables in the middle of the party.
When we left I told the hostess the everything was great except sitting where we did during a private party.  She insisted it was not a private party and they were supposed to stay at the bar.  If they were supposed to stay at the bar why then set up a table at the end of the room with their food next to the tables where other people like us were sitting.  She said that the table we were at was the only one available.  I replied well we moved and she came back with " when another table was available"
NOT TRUE -  The booth we moved to was empty the entire time.  Now - maybe they do not consider 30+ people upstairs at the bar with a buffet table against the wall a private party but NEVER argue with a customer.  I mean really - what ever happened to the customer is always right.   Customer service just went out the window here.  She is the first and last face you see.Went last night with my daughter while visiting.  Made a reservation,  was sat promptly.  I wish they world have told us the air conditioning wasn't working especially since it was very hot and humid.   Very uncomfortably hot in the restaurant to the point that our drinks were warm 5 minutes after being served.   The food wasn't bad except for the fact that the arancinis were the worst,  they definitely weren't arancinis.  They were fried bread.   The server,  Steve hovered over us so bad,  felt like he was pushing us out.   Manager never approached us to see how things were.     More that likely won't go back.   If you decide to go especially in the summer,  call and make sure the air conditioning  is working! !!!!!!This place was great! Went in there while wandering around at 10:30pm. Service was still great and the food was even better! Great atmosphere and knowledgable staff. I highly recommend the antipastiThis locations has turned over a few times so were already skeptical about how the experience would be at stella rossa. When we checked in for our reservation we had to wait a few minutes and listen as the hostess, possibly another host, and a waiter or two debated over who was getting seated where. Clearly they were new at this. But I guess that was to be expected at such a new place. We were seated a table in the front, by the windows which was nice. However, the Sinatra singer was very close to us and it was really loud. In fact, the table next to us asked to me moved due to the volume of the guy's singing. Our waiter gave us "recommendations" but really he just listed two items out of every section of the menu which were supposed to be their most popular items. We ordered arancini (very bland and severely under salted and seasoned) and fried mozzarella (seasoned well, but very thick breading and were just ok, but our fault for ordering fried mozzarella anyway) as appetizers. Good news is they came out very fast. Bad news is as I described- so bland. The bread to start was awesome though. For entrees we ordered carbonara (it was VERY greasy), pizza (too much crust and bland- they need salt at this place!), and baked stuffed rigatoni dish- drowning in pepperoni grease. The wine was so expensive, about $12 for a "7oz" pour), and the 1/2 carafe option was such a rip off (about $23). In conclusion, I will never return and I could never recommend this place when there are way better options in the area for dinner. Sadly, that MIGHT even include the Olive Garden.decent interior feel, but also a chain restaurant feel to it as well. bartender was ok, but not very engaged (having to constantly ask for wine refills). food was lackluster, but the meatball / sauce was decent as was the happy hour deal.the food wasn't anything that significantly stuck out me to but the environment is cute and welcoming. very friendly staff and good pricesStopped in for lunch today.
Let's say the food completely made up for the service, which was pretty poor. We were seated immediately and then a good 6-7 minutes until our waiter came to greet us. Without taking a drink order, he started explaining the menu. I would have been happier had he had done that after serving the drinks. Anyway... He went away. And we waited. Oddly enough, 3 managers were cruising the floor never once glanced our way.  A very nice bartender came over and asked if we would like something to drink. I explained we already had an order in, so now we were confused. And thirsty. I had ordered a glass of water and a beer, it took asking 3 more times for the water. Our waiter was trying way to hard to stay on script, but being newly opened, I guess we can give it a pass and let them settle in. So we ordered 2 apps and a pizza, and all were delicious. Another round of drinks and a $70 tab with tip tells me I won't be a frequent flyer, but might try some other items for takeout.My company recently had our holiday party here and the atmosphere was very nice however food was scarce drinks were running out and changing from not being able to be served shots to not really being too sure to just never mind...I have never spent my money for an open bar that was not fully over stocked...to finally come down to the end of the party and be told my group was belligerent and we needed to leave!!! How rude?!  We spent our hard earned money and planed to spend time with one another finally off of the clock to be treated like we did not belong .....I know that they've gone through a management change from last year to this year but that is not excuse to treat people sub par at best..... when asked to speak with the manager we were treated cold and told to leave!!! Please do not book parties or any kind of event you would like to enjoy because they will under feed you and give you alcohol to finally tell you that you have has way too much to drink!!!! Thanks for nothing we will take our party of 50+ somewhere else next year.We picked this because it came up on a search near the Walnut Theatre. It was great! Love the old building and ambience. Our server Devon was wonderful. I loved the broiled scallops. My husband ordered the chicken abbruzzi which  was also amazing. Caesar salad was ok, nothing special. They also offer a discount if you  show theatre tickets. Very nice dining experience, we'll be back!Expensive, but worth it:  the baked ziti is incredible!  Jared was a great, attentive server.I was a little hesitant going into Stella Rossa on a Friday night, after reading a few of these reviews.  But, I was very pleasantly surprised both by the food and service.
The 3 of us started with the olives, which were a nice mix of flavors and a generous portion.
I ordered the Fiachetto pizza (a salt lovers dream - pizza with prosciutto, olives, artichokes, etc.) - and it was great.  It was a big pizza, and I brought a few slices home for lunch the next day.  
Other dishes ordered: the Gaetano pizza (broccoli rabe, sausage) and the Eggplant Parmesan - both of which were enjoyed as well.   
Our waiter was very friendly and personable.  I did not witness any of the 'waiters talking behind customers back' that some reviews here mention - but can definitely see how it could happen, as the service stations are close to customer seats.
Will definitely return!So let me first start off by listing the pros. The waitress was amazing- super sweet super helpful and all around very pleasant and made my dining experience much better than it was. The strawberry daquiri I got was very good and was also at the recommendation of aforementioned waitress and the bartender was able to customize it to my specific preferences. The con that knocked off the stars is my actual dish. I got the seared shrimp appetizer and it actually tasted like it had been sitting in sewer water. I'm sure that wasn't actually the case (hopefully) but it just had a really weird gross taste infused in it like it had been marinated in something awful. I'm sure it was just maybe made with a sort of misguided seasoning, but it was on of the few times I disliked eating shrimp. I mean, it's shrimp! How do you mess that up? My friend got a pasta dish (tortellini) and it was just okay. Very underwhelming considering the price range. And yes, this place is pretty expensive, and based on their quality of food, overpriced. I probably won't recommend this place to anyone else...The food and service was well below average. I went with my family and we were not impressed, many of us not finishing our dishes. We're Italian so we take our carbohydrates very seriously. Highlights/lowlights: the pizza was sort of chewy and undercooked, and not very flavorful. The pear salad had wilted greens, wasn't dressed, and ultimately was pretty inedible. I barely touched it. The service was slow and inconsistent. The rice balls were a nice appetizer, and the creamy tomato sauce that came with it was tasty. My sister ordered the spicy shrimp salad, and said it reminded her of the salad in "Mrs. Doubtfire" that Robin Williams seasons at the end to try to kill Pierce Brosnan (which is to say: so over-seasoned she nearly choked). Would not return.Looking for a late dinner last night, my group decided to check out Stella Rossa based on their special offers and because the restaurant looked pretty from the outside. 
Drink Philly had posted about an offer for a free beer and free meatball for dropping their name when you order. Their blog post didn't specify an expiration date for this offer but the restaurant was no longer honoring it. Luckily we still got our meatball with the trusty Yelp check-in offer. 
Usually we are on top of our drink selections however we were hungry and on a mission for dinner so we placed our food order first. We mentioned we needed a little extra time with the beverage menu, but it took a while for our server to come back to get our drink orders. Our server dropped off at the end of the night too so we had a little wait to get our bill. It wasn't crowded and she didn't seem busy so I would have liked if she stopped by to check on us a little more than she did.
In addition to our meatballs, we went with the Procidonna (Zucchini, Eggplant, Pepperoni, Tomato Sauce), Meta e Meta (Half Pizza, Half Stromboli, Provolone, Sweet Red Peppers) and the Gaetano (Broccoli Rabe, Sweet Italian Sausage, Roasted Garlic, Asiago). They were each good in their own way but I wasn't blown away. The crust for each pie was a little too thick and doughy. 
The Procidonna was interesting because I don't usually see an eggplant and pepperoni combo; it's usually totally veggie or doesn't have eggplant. The veggies were a little bland and I would have liked them to be seasoned with oil or pesto. The pepperoni was on point. The Meta e Meta was interesting since it was half pizza and half Stromboli. Upon further thought, a Stromboli is similar to pizza folded in half. Since I didn't love the crust, this pizza fell a little short for me too. My favorite of the three was the Gaetano. The broccoli rabe was seasoned pretty well and the garlic tasted fresh. The sausage pieces were pretty small and neither here nor there.  I felt the same way about the meatballs. They were a nice size but they were nothing extraordinary. The marinara sauce for the meatballs was pretty tasty though. 
The beer list was on the smaller side so I decided to go with a glass of their red wine. I really like the way they presented their wine options. There were four sizes you could select from: 4 oz, 7 oz, half carafe and a bottle. Everything was pretty reasonably priced as well.
Stella Rossa was dimly lit in a romantic sense. It was a nice place to have a conversation whiling enjoying a meal. It's close enough to my friend's new pad so I'd definitely be willing to give some of their other menu items a try at some point. I noticed that they have an unlimited mimosa special for brunch so my interest is certainly piqued for a return visit. I'm not sure if I'll be rushing back for the pizza though.A good friend  and I went here for Happy Hour on a Monday just so we could enjoy the 1/2 priced pizza! We got the fried mozzarella, Margherita, the Chicken pesto pizza (without the pesto due to my nut allergy...we subbed with Marinara Sauce) and a couple of strawberry bellinis. We enjoyed ourselves SO much, we were the loudest people there but weren't treated like outcasts lol the staff was so friendly and great...oh and the food was yuuummy. Can't wait to go back!The food here is delicious. The service is efficient and the staff is very friendly. I recommend the veal or chicken parmesan . Excellent atmosphere and reasonable prices. It's in a great location right next to the Walnut Theater. I'll definitely eat here the next time I'm in the city.Very nice spot with good lighting and music you can hear and not a loud noisy place.  Good service and good food.Stopped by after a matinee at the Walnut Street Theater.  Pleasant server, interesting drinks and good food. I had the ravioli in pesto sauce - excellent.  My companion had the equally well crafted Eggplant Parmesan.  Others in our party had steak salad and a veggie pizza. Everything well prepared and served promptly.First time here on a Friday night after work. It was easy to get a reservation for 4 using OpenTable. Service was better than chain restaurants, they were very friendly. I had the Crab and Linguini Rossa. The flavor was good, but thinner slices would have blended the garlic flavor better in the dish.
I hear they are known for their pizzas, so I will try one next time. Overall not a bad little spot nearby to grab a quick meal. I hope the foot traffic and/or some aggressive marketing will keep their doors open.My brother-in-law and niece were in town visiting friends, and after spending the day all together the adults realized that four kids running around all day were definitely going to be hungry for dinner - but too soon to make anything. My niece has a gluten intolerance, but luckily their friends remembered that Stella Rossa offered gluten-free options and it was just up the street from their house! A quick call secured a reservation for our large party and we immediately trekked over.
They seated us upstairs at a long table across from the upstairs bar, likely because of the kids but they were so well behaved it was nicer for the adults to have privacy from other patrons and a quieter atmosphere. They gave the kids place mats and crayons to draw with, which was awesome and occupied them (and me) for all of dinner. We ordered a bunch of different pizzas, pastas, and appetizers - I made sure that my niece got their gluten-free margherita pizza, and I ordered their meatball appetizer and beet salad. Her pizza came out and...it didn't look appetizing, at least compared to her best friend's plain cheese pizza. The crust looked like a flat, uncooked dish of dough (although it was definitely baked), the tomato sauce was thinly spread, and the cheese was haphazardly slapped on like large slices of mozzarella instead of shreds with a few small pieces of basil. She took one look at it and didn't want to eat it, I had to convince her to try and she only took bites where there was cheese, so we had half a pizza leftover by the time a few adults decided to 'try' as well. I can make a better gluten-free pizza easily. My meatballs were delicious, however, 3 in a thick tomato sauce with a few slices of toast and small dish of ricotta, and the salad was ok although barely any pieces of beets (and they were really small pieces). The others seemed satisfied with their pastas and regular pizzas, but we opted to skip dessert because of the amount of sugar the kids had earlier that day. Staff was nice and accommodating to our large group, especially the young children with us.The only reason I returned to Barra Rosa is the pizza during happy hour. They are pretty decent for only $5! My main issue with this establishment is their environment, everyone eating in there was above the age of 60-I know that shouldn't be an issue but as a person that usually likes to sit at the bar and eat it felt weird. Also last time I was there I ordered a plate of prosciutto which was thickly cut, dry, and tasted almost like a dog treat.  Even though their pizza is a good value I don't think I will be returning here.I dined here today. The salmon salad was unbelievable.  Hands down the best cooked salmon I've ever eaten. I could eat this everyday and this place will be my new lunch spot when I'm in town dining for business.Got the fettuccine alfredo, staff was so nice and the food is AMAZING. Out of all the italian restaurants I've tried in Philadelphia this has been the best service and food I've gotten. 20/10 would recommend and I'm definitely going again. Wish I could give 10 stars hahaWe had 10 people on a Saturday night to celebrate my Dad's 80th birthday.  Everybody left saying they loved Barra Rossa and would be back - might be a first for me that everyone uniformly enjoyed a restaurant.  Our server, Melissa, was wonderful!!!  The food was great and tasted like home-cooked Italian way more than you would find at the chain Italian places that populate downtown.  Excellent restaurant for groups, after-theater, after work!We ate at Barra Rosa before seeing Annie at the Walnut Street Theater.  Our party included both adults and children.  The kids split mozzarella sticks and enjoyed their pizza and pasta menu choices.  The adults shared a variety of different menu items. We started with the butternut squash soup - it was so rich and delicious - definitely our favorite choice of the night.  We also ordered two different salads which we really enjoyed.  We also had the brussel sprouts, gorgonzola gnocchi, and the pear white pizza - we thought all of our selections were good choices - everything was prepared as we expected.  We ended with orders of cannoli, tiramasu and mousse - all were nice choices to end our meal. If you're looking for a cocktail - I would highly recommend the lemonade martini - a crisp, refreshing cocktail - I loved it!A friend recommended this place - fantastic - I had the meatball appetizer which was nice - maybe next time I'll try the Antipasto- swordfish was wonderful and tiramisu was out of this world - highly recommendPizza was bland and dough boring.  Pulled pork sandwich also boring.  Salad lackluster.  Total disappointment.Ordered takeout -- got the chicken abruzzi entree which was delicious and perfect size for two people. Also tried the caesar salad. Was $9 for a bunch of cut up romaine, croutons, and some parm cheese. Did not provide enough dressing for the entire salad. Not worth $9. Will try a different salad next time.Went there for Happy Hour last Wednesday after talking with Melissa and my group had a great time.  We did the 2 hour unlimited Happy Hour - best bang for your buck. Our bartender Courtney was fantastic.  She was very alert to all of our needs and always made sure someone had a glass in there hand that was not empty.  We will definitely be going back there for our next happy hour.Stopped in here by chance last Sunday and was totally surprised by how much I enjoyed this place.
My friend and I were rushing to see a show at the walnut and needed to grab something in a hurry. We saw this place had pizza and we hoped to grab a quick slice or two. We ended up getting a small pie (8 slices) in about 5 to 6 minutes perfectly and freshly prepared to order. It was delicious! AND to top it off: it was only $5!!! Where can you beat a deal like that? Especially when we got all sorts of toppings added to it as well. Cheap. Tasty. Plus, the whole service staff was delightful and super fun to talk to. Very accommodating to our hurried situation.
I cannot wait to go back and actually sit down at a table and enjoy this place for an hour or two!Just had to write my first review -- the cocktails, wine, food and ambiance were all quite good. But the real reason I'm writing is I had a  billing snafu (the server inadvertently swiped my card twice and I found out only later). As soon as I saw what had happened, I called the restaurant and got a very sympathetic young woman who promised to relay the info to the manager. The next morning I got a call from Melissa who resolved my problem right away --- giving me a credit on my AmEx, at the restaurant's expense (they had neglected to swipe the card of my dinner companion.) I was super-impressed with the speed and niceness of her response. (Hope our waiter does not get in trouble --- it'd be an easy mistake to make.)Clam linguine was delicious but the servers are a bit too much...my friend and I were sitting near the computer ordering system and could hear them bickering and shit talking about every one. Also if you're going to ask how the food was every 3 min expect a real world answer. 
-2 stars for ambiance and consistent attempts to up-sell subpar/ok Italian foodWe had brunch reservations for 10:30 am on a Saturday. Per their sign their hours for weekend brunch is 10am-3pm. We arrived at 10:20 and the doors were locked. We knocked multiple times and no one came. We called them the person who answered the phone said he wasn't sure of their hours. We finally got into the restaurant and sat at our table for 10 mins without anyone coming to our table to take our drink orders or give us water. We were the only people in the restaurant. We got up and left.I was really disappointed in this place and I don't think I'll ever return. My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to eat and Sweet Green seemed kind of boring so we decided on this place. I got the Caesar salad and he got the special red pizza. The salad was really plain for $9 and I didn't like the dressing. It seemed really watery. The pizza was okay but NOT worth $16, especially since you can get a better tasting one from Blaze for almost half of the price. The table we sat at was sticky and the plates on it were dirty! They actually had some kind of food stuck on it. The waiter was really nice but we honestly thought the food was bland and we didn't enjoy it at all.I love brick oven pizza- the pizza here is very good. Good quality, fresh ingredients tasty sauce and reasonable prices.Terrible service. Very slow. Cappuccino was bad. Wine was good. Appetizers were good. Entrees were absolutely horrible. We thought after all the wait and bad service the entrees might redeem the evening. We were wrong. Over seasoned and undercooked mahi mahi. Veal chop tasted more like a crappy pork chop. Mashed potatoes were good but cous cous was way too salty. We didn't bother staying for dessert. The server was so slow and absent minded. I don't understand why she has a job there. There are plenty of good places to eat in the area. Skip this one.Just tried this place for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. It is in the old Square Peg location and that restaurant was awful. They have an extensive wine list and great Italian beers. Also $10 wine flights is a good deal to try a bunch of different ones. The beef meatball appetizer was amazing. Fantastic red sauce too. The chicken piccatta and chicken parm dinners were plentiful portions with pasta too. This is a not mind-blowing Italian, but the Wash Square West neighborhood really needed a mid-range dependable Italian joint and now we have it. I will definitely be back to try the pizzas. 
2 entrees, an app, wine and tip got us our of there for under $65. Can't beat that.Gluten free menu contained many choices, including pasta, which was delicious.  Cool atmosphere, we were seated upstairs which was nice and quiet.  Loved the exposed brick and architecture inside.  Good service, good food.Nice, fancier place to get pizza, wine and italian food. I was actually blown away by their buffalo chicken pizza (which I didn't expect them to have), really good stuff. They also have specials for Jefferson students and faculty.Ordered takeout. Three different pizzas. Restaurant was clean. Staff was courteous. Most of all the pizza was delicious.NEVER ORDER FOOD THAT WILL BE DELIVERED FROM HERE!!! Staff is okay with allowing prepared/ready food sit on pick up counter for over 40mins until driver picks it up for delivery. Lastly, awful customer service... no sorry for the inconvenience or cold food was given.I was hesitant to even try this place because there were so many mixed reviews.  But I was pleasantly surprised.  The service was great and the food was good.  We started with the mussels in white sauce which were ok, next time I would try them in the spicy sauce.  We also have the tomato & mozzarella antipasta which was tasty.  For my main course I had the sausage and peppers....it was absolutely delicious!  I will definitely return to this place to try the pizza!My third time to this restaurant. The quality has gone down. Had the pasta bolognese which was too watery.  The pizza was chewy.  80% empty on a Friday night at 8pm.  Can't say I'll be going back again.Excellent sautéed calamari and gnocchi bolognese, and pleasant and knowledgeable staff all for an affordable price that's well worth its quality.Excellent experience, beginning to end.  Friendly, attentive service; eclectic menu choices, good selection of draft beers, reasonable prices.
We had truffle-oil Parmesan fries, olive assortment, wood-fired pizzas, great coffee.Went in for a work lunch today.  It seems they just started working a lunch hour at this particular location.  The food was great!  I had the Salumi Panini which was a bit on the spicy side, loved it.  It did say it comes with either Garlic Fries or a Side Salad, which normally if you don't specify which one you want, you automatically get fries, however we did get the side salad.  The salad tasted fine, but the restaurant was out of fries apparently.  Because of the inconvenience the waiter gave us a free dessert tasting.  I chose the Cannoli Mousse which was fantastic.  I think they have some work to do before their lunch hour is perfected, but they handled things as best they could.  I'll definitely be back in a week or two.Excellent food! The calamari is amazing- not chewy at all & loved the fried banana peppers that came with it. The grilled veal melted in your mouth. Flavorful & delicious. Chicken alla rosa was yummy too. Compliments to the executive chef Will Connelly.Tried out the Take out. Average Italian Take out- Nothing special or to write home about. Ordered the Chicken Parm sandwich, not stand out... Meh. By the time I ate the garlic fries, (10mins after pickup) they were soggy and not much garlic flavor to begin with.Had a great meal. They managed my gluten free needs easily. When we realized we had left something behind they agreed to mail it out to us. I will definitely be back.Good, solid Italian food.
I had an antipasto, then veal scaloppine with mushrooms and asparagus in a cream sauce followed by a key lime mousse. All was very good. I washed this down with Sangiovese. The only downside was the double espresso with Sambuca on the side. The espresso was cold probably because of the type of cup they served it in. Also, the Sambuca was served with water and ice, hardly what I expected. Had they served the espresso in the right cup, hot, and the Sambuca, pure, in a shot glass, it would have been an outstanding meal worthy of five stars.
http://drinks.seriouseats.com/2011/06/coffee-traditions-caffe-corretto.html
has a perfect picture of what espresso with Sambuca should look like.  (caffe corretto in Italian)This is a little gem was a good find for brunch!  Although their brunch menu is a bit limited, the food we had was pretty decent. We shared the Calamari and one of the pizzas. I had the Brioche French Toast with Strawberries, Fresh Cream and Nutella. It was a little heavy but good. Our server was very friendly and made our experience a pleasant one. I'd like to return to try their dinner menu.My dad and I went here for dinner tonight as he wanted to try it. I ordered the Strawberry Bellini, Pear Salad and the Sausage and Peppers. He ordered the Beet Salad and the Margherita pizza. The Strawberry Bellini looked like it had strawberry in it, but it just tasted like champagne. The salads were ok, except the pears were not even close to being ripe. They were hard and had no flavor. The Margherita pizza was bland - my dad actually asked for salt. Salt for pizza?!? My main course was the opposite - I couldn't even eat the Sausage and Peppers as it was too salty. I told the waiter this, which I had never done before, and he offered to make another one that wasn't so salty for me to take home and I declined the offer. Then he said he would take 50% off the pizza b/c that is their Monday night special and 50% off the rest of the food since I was not happy with my meal. We decided to get dessert from a different place. I will not be going back to this restaurant.Good spot, especially pre-theatre. Pizzas were especially good. Definitely recommend making a reservations as they fill up pretty quickly.Been here a lot of now times via corporate lunch. We are always seated upstairs. The place itself is not bad at all, the upstairs is good for corporate events and big group lunch. The menu is pretty basic, since I've been for a while I have tried a lot of things already and I can say they really have good burgers and salads. The pizza though ? Forget it. I've had 3 different types of pizza and I would rather have a pizza on small family owned restaurants. They do have great service though, we've had different servers and most of them are attentive.Awesome place for happy hour!!! Free meat balls with check in. Ask for Neil the bartender he makes awesome Mules!!Great place!  Good service, great food - try the Short Rib ravioli - wonderful.   perfect place to go before a show at walnut street theater!!Finally tried the red bar Barra Rossa.  
Great little corner, on Jeff's campus in the heart of Hospital Land.
It's a nice little Italian spot with hearty pizzas and pastas, and a full bar.  The service and food was excellent, and prices reasonable. I'll certainly bring some friends back here.I don't know how people had a bad experience here.  Service is excellent and the food brilliant and affordable for center city.  The eggplant parm is a wee bit salty for my taste but the service made up for it.  Chicken piccata is unreal.  This place is as good as it gets for homestyle italian in ccI went here with two of my friends for the Monday night pizza deal. We walked in and sat at the bar because there were only two other people in the restaurant. The bartender had a horrible attitude and was completely rude to me and my friends. He was insulting us to our faces. I don't know if he thought he was being funny or what. We opted out of staying for the pizza and left before ordering.I was underwhelmed by my eggplant parmesan sandwich with a side salad. Nothing about it was particularly good. I've had better ones from bargain Italian restaurants in this city.  I was especially surprised by the low quality of the sauce.
In this part of town, one need not compromise on Italian.  Barra Rossa takes advantage of its proximity to Jefferson and its beautiful decor. But this city sets a high standard for Italian, and this was mediocre even by more modest standards.My new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.
Right off the bat, the ambiance and the staff won me over. Everyone is friendly and smiling, and we were seated quickly. The decor is tasteful.
Our waitress Samantha was super nice and very helpful when it came to the menu. My mom and I decided to split the four cheese pizza Bianca and each get an appetizer (Caesar salad for me, braised meatballs for her). I also got a cocktail from the menu, which was delicious.
The appetizers came out quickly and were so tasty. I definitely recommend the braised meatballs--not too rich or heavy. Our pizza was to die for.
All in all, an excellent experience. We'll be back for sure!Watery flavorless marinara and over cooked pasta. 
I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and that is what I got. 
The meatballs themselves were good and tender but even they were bland and washed out by the watery marinara sauce. The only thing saving the flavor was the parmesan cheese sprinkled on the dish. Sad because the location is good and the decor is nice but that can't save bad food. I mean if you can't do something as basic as a marinara sauce and cook pasta correctly I will not bother coming back to see if the pizza is up to the hype. Why not order the hyped pizza the first time you ask? I was on a lunch meeting with another meeting to follow so opted for something that should have been simple and more importantly fast for the kitchen to execute.Are you kidding me with this place? Food was subpar. Fake cheese on their (greasy and very soggy) pizza??! Disgusting. Never again. Too bad I ordered delivery, otherwise would've sent back to the kitchen. Skip this place and go to Pizzeria Stella on 2nd. Or Pizza Brain in Fishtown.Good gluten free menu. Tried gluten free pizza - fresh, crispy and tasty. Will come back for gf pasta.Saw this place while walking back to my hotel...SO i thought i'd give it a try for dinner..I ordered the calamari and mussels...yummy...also ordered me the white pear sangria...the bartender Larry was awesome!Very helpful and nice. I will definitely go back here again when i come back to Philadelphia.Food was pretty good but once again the service was lousy. We tried it one more time pre-theater and were disappointed once again.  Is there any reason we did not get water? Did we have to ask for bread? When two of six asked for coffee, do you think the server could have asked the rest of the table.
We stood to put on our jackets, a server reached between us to take a chair away. You couldn't wait literally 10 seconds until we got our coats on?
How about ordering a drink with orange Juice and the server says " we are out of orange juice?"  At 6:00 on a Saturday night? 
For f$&@'s sake, send somebody across the street to WAwa to pick some up. 
In a city with so many choices, I think we have given Barra Ross's enough chances.I went with my entire team from work (7 people) for a dinner on a Tuesday night. They seated us upstairs where there was a lot of space. The interior is really trendy and cool.
We all ordered different kinds of pizza. I got margherita. Pretty good! Nothing out of the ordinary, but good for a causal nice meal with a group. Wine was good as well, I got the house Cab Sav.Very mediocre. A lot better restaurants in the same area. Food was just okay and the service was very slow. Would not go back.The evening was as scenic as it was delicious at our corner table overlooking Walnut and 10th St. The appetizer filled every taste expectation only topped by the entre of Chicken Abruzze. The waiter was classic friendly with the personality of a favorite uncle. Cheers to Barra Rossa!We went here for a quick lunch one day while visiting my Dad in the hospital across the street. The food was awesome! It was a really bright spot in an otherwise not great day. I can't recommend this place enough. In fact, it was so good that we went back to get some take out a few days later. 
My husband had the Chicken Parmesan and he said it was the best he had ever had. So of course I got that the second time and he was right. Utterly delicious. I had the Vodka Penne and it was one of those meals that ever bite makes you happy you got it. Mom had the four cheese pizza which was delicious as well.Literally the worst food I have had in Philadelphia. So boring, bland and tasteless! Ambience was nice and the drinks were good - they managed to get my Sangria right so giving a star for that but this place deserves 2 stars at best. Penne Alla Vodka was okay and there was a Pizza - not worth remembering - which was ridiculous! I could make a better pizza and I am not even a good cook! Zucchini fritters were super oily and tasteless - lacking even in salt. The antipasti plate was rubbish ugh! I have never had such bad Italian food in Philly. Not recommended!A great location and great potential but littered with disappointment for our party. 
So, if you've read any of my reviews you know we have kids, they are our world and I want them to experience new things that's why we take them with us mostly everywhere we go.  Italian shouldn't be a challenge but this trip was.  
It's going to be easier to just list the issues we had, 
-Kids pizza over cooked and was delivered last to the table, not only last but more than 5 minutes after the last items were dropped.
-Eggplant parm was soupy
-Auctioning off every drink and all the food. We were the only table in the place. Pay attention to what you're doing service staff, this is just frustrating. 
-My fathers request for no cheese and sauce on the side on his chicken parm was completely ignored. If someone makes a request like this, maybe they have medical issues and have to stay away from high quantities of certain foods. 
Things that were good; 
-caprese salad was very nice and very fresh
-I loved the Pucillo pizza! 
-Having a nice Albariño on the menu. 
I typically focus on service related things as much as I do with food and in this regard I feel like we were failed at our table. The manager on duty that greeted us and the hostess that sat us were very friendly in both our arrival and our departure but we were the only table there that evening and auctioning off everything both food and drink is unacceptable and bringing the kiddos food out way after all the other meals is awful. Put in some service effort and were looking at a whole different evening here.I have walked by this place a million times in the past. I finally got around to stopping in here since I wanted to try one of their pizzas. It is kind of hard to miss this place with its red pillars that stand out in front of the restaurant. It is a two-floor restaurant but also has a takeout pizza option available to you which is to the right as soon as you walk in the door I hear that it gets crowded at times..but I was there on a beautiful Friday afternoon in the middle of the day when it was a bit slower...which was a perfect way to absorb this joint.  I sat at the bar and was served by Casey, a very pleasant young lady whose company I enjoyed while I was there. The decor is nice and  the service was good. Being a Yelp reviewer I got a free meatball appetizer which was quite yummy. Not as good as my own meatballs but good nonetheless. I can only speak for what I had beyond that... and that was a margarita pizza. I enjoyed​ that as well however they do have a lot of other things that look quite tasty on the menu which when I return I will try. What struck me most is that I ordered a martini, and it was properly filled to the rim and poured nicely. During the course of my meal I accidentally spilled it breaking the glass. The staff were very nice to me and proceeded to pour me a new one at no charge. Thank you Barra Rossa I will now be a return customer purely for that fine act of kindness and quality customer service. I tipped Carly accordingly for her kindness and good service.... Overall a great experience...see ya' next time!The restaurant itself is visually appealing. their concept is lost in translation. They say they are a wine bar but don't even use wine glasses. The arrancini was bland and the pasta was very greasy. Service was quick and attentive, but needs better traIning on their products.Food was not great. Sauce in shrimp pasta was like water not reduced at all. Veal parm was not fresh the tomato sauce was bland and had no flavor. I couldn't believe that this place was this busy with how unappealing the food was.Food was good. We had reservations at 7:45 and didn't get seated until 8:45. Should have gotten a free appetizer or something!Cozy spot for dinner before a show. Our waiter, Steve,was awesome. He was attentive but never overbearing. Great with recommendations. We'd come back just for him. Gave us the theater discount without us even asking. Even comped us dessert! 
Pizza w/Gorgonzola & part was very good! Salad was huge & super fresh. The butternut squash soup was a bit sweet for my taste. 
Overall, a lovely evening w/a taster dinner! We will be back! Thanks again Steve!Terrible food and terrible service.  Food was uninspired and service was non existent. Salad had no flavor and the pizza tasted like bought dough with canned sauce . AwfulA nice, classic italian restaurant. Good atmosphere and fast service! I got the pesto tortellini and parmesan truffle fries and thoroughly enjoyed both. If I had one complaint, it would be the lack of bread/breadsticks to accompany the meal, but at the end of the day I left feeling satisfied!I came here for a school happy hour, which after being at this school for over a year it surprises me that this was my first time here! The happy hour deal is amazing and the food is pretty good! We supplied the apps for the happy hour and I was surprised at what they had to offer for just $6 each! There was fried ravioli, arancini, multiples types of pizza, mussels, potato skins, and more! I think the pizza was pretty good and really decent size if you're sharing with a smaller group. Of the other apps, the fried ravioli was my favorite. TBH, I thought the mussels tasted a little funky and I wouldn't order those if I came on my own accord. For our happy hour, we were placed on the bar side of the room upstairs, which was really nice. It gave us our own space but it wasn't cramped. There was ample room. I'd definitely come here again for happy hour!Just had dinner there and left feeling it was the worst dining experience I can recall. I consider our guests tolerant people but waiting 30 minutes for a hello and water was not a good start. The requested lemon for the water took over an hour. Our appetizer arrived after our entrees. Asking for things like bread, water refills, the check became comical. No bread, no water refills but we did get the check after waiting 15 minutes. The manager was accommodating by reducing the check however our server said his family complains to get free food. Really??? How insulting. The purpose of speaking to the manager was to explain our server should not be doing this job. Period!Being Gluten Free I was so excited to hear this place offered GF pizza. So I came here with my boyfriend (non GF). I LOVED the pizza I got, it was not too dry in the crust which I have come to know with most GF breads. I would definitely go back, but my boyfriend gave it an "eh nothing special", on a non-GF eater scale. I don't care....we will be returning :)Thank you Bill McCarty for an excellent experience with both food and drink alike. Hope to stop by this place again soon!!We went to Barra Rossa when it was still Stella Rossa for a casual meal. The place was rather empty and I hadn't heard too much about it so my expectations were quite low. The pizza, we ordered the three mushroom pizza, however, was surprisingly good and we were pleasantly surprised - not any worse than Zavino and the other places I've heard so much about in the area. Good wine selection even though we chose not to drink that night. Good service but, again, the place was rather empty. I would definitely go back. One of the better "fancier" pizza places in Center City in my opinion.