A wee bit pricey for the portions they serve. I come to Beck's for their gator gumbo over jambalaya. The whole thing is just so savory and the spices are just right. It's not overly spicy and not too salty as well. It's a great meal. The gator is in a sausage form. All chopped up into the gumbo. During this visit, I had to order their pasta. Chicken alfredo, for my 2 year old son. It was alright. The whole pasta tasted a bit dry. It's something I wouldn't get twice.
Verdict - Gator gumbo, end of story.Atmosphere:  The craziness going on around you in Reading Terminal depends on the day and time of day that you go. It is really convenient that you can sit at the counter and get waited on there.
Service:  The staff was upbeat and pleasant.  They were the ones who recommended we sit at the counter, which was a really nice experience.  We didn't feel rushed to get out of our seats.  It was really great that they offer you a sample of the food if you are unsure.
Food:  Overall very good.  I was hoping for a bit more spice and strong flavors, but it seems like it is made marketable for the general population.  Which worked out fine with me because there were seasonings available on the counter to bump up the flavor profile.  I got the etouffee and bread pudding.  The etouffee was good, but the flavor got a little muddled after eating it for a while.  It didn't have the depth of flavor that I was hoping for.  The bread pudding was super delicious!  I would recommend it to anyone needing a sweet fix.  My friend enjoyed her jambalaya.
Overall:  I would certainly come back.  The convenient location, good service, and yummy food are all definite pluses.  I am not sure that it is the best New Orleans place in Philly, but I am happy to partake of the menu again sometime soon.We discovered Beck's cafe at the Reading Terminal Market last weekend. Boy am I glad we did. My wife's family is from Louisiana and Mississippi, and have a long history of cooking cajun cuisine. We had the muffaletta sandwich and shrimp/crawfish etouffee. The etouffee was amazing and as good as what my father-in-law makes. The chef was knowledgeable about the holy trinity (celery, bell pepper, onion) and gave us a good tip on where to buy gumbo file powder. The bread pudding with pears and raisins was the best I've had since visiting New Orleans. We will have to go back for there breakfast beignets. They also have alligator on a stick!We ordered the fried oyster and the catfish platter and sincerely speaking it was terrible. Incredibly greasy and please don't tell me it is because it is Cajun food. Moreover, the service is really bad. We wanted to sit but the place was packed so we ordered food and ate while standing up. When there was finally a place the waitress was really rude and said we couldn't sit because we had already ordered food and we were already eating. Hello? Funny thing is that one of the people eating at the bar had the same exact plastic container for to go food that I had. Please, don't ask me for tips on the receipt if you are going to give me a plastic box and will not let me sit in your restaurant.I was fully surprise by Beck's Cajun Cafe, I never would've thought that a hole in a wall like this place that is tucked in Reading Terminal Market would be this amazing. 
The staff behind the counter is a trio of mother and daughters working together. They are extremely nice and are willing to give you little samples of jambalaya or gumbo if you ask for it.
I had the Gator Gumbo with Rice and Fried Mac and Cheese ball. I was hoping the mac and cheese was good but it lacked cheese. A lot of mac inside but not even cheese so it was definitely a bit bland. The best part was the Gator Gumbo, packed with cajun spices and a lot of gator sausage and meat. This was absolutely amazing and a must get at Beck's.
A place worthy of a return when I visit Philly again.For years, I have lamented about the lack of good cajun food in Philly. Thank you, Beck's, for filling this GAPING void. I think the first time I tried this place, it may have been in part because the line at Dinic's was unbearably long and the throngs of people waiting were spilling over into Beck's stall space (they are next to each other)... and boy am I glad my inner fatty couldn't wait another minute because I just don't know what I'd do without this jumbalaya! 
I will note that the service here is a bit terrible. Don't get me wrong - everyone is very nice, but ... SLOW-moving. VERY slow moving. I have never seen a more inefficient operation in my life, but like I said, they are super pleasant and helpful so you forgive them for taking 10+ minutes to pack  your order and collect payment (note: I've been there at least 4x and it's been true every single time). 
As an example of the employees' niceness/helpfulness, as an FYI, they do let you sample pretty much any of the entrees so you can make sure it's not too spicy or too peppery etc for you.
Also, no credit card machine here so bring CASH.
WHAT WE ATE
*Jumbalaya: perfect. perfect. AND it's surprisingly spicy! It's less saucy then some jumbalayas I have had, but still really flavorful and the rice is perfectly cooked. They also usually spoon on a bit of sauce on top and adds that extra flavor. IF you get the right cashier, she will upsell you the cornbread - GET IT - and eat it TOGETHER. They're not messing around when they say the cornbread + jumbalaya flavors complement each other like whoa.  
*Etouffee - the flavors of the bell peppers were a bit TOO strong for my personal liking, but I could appreciate the complexity of the flavors and the spiciness here as well. My friends really liked this dish, so I did want to mention. 
*Oyster Po'Boy - I thought the fried oyster was great. The breading they use to coat the po boy sandwich meats (and oysters) are really tasty and not overwhelming. I wish there was more oyster in the sandwich itself, but that would be the only complaint. 
*Beignets - warm and delightfully light fried dough and generous dusting of powdered sugar make this dessert just decadent enough. 
*Praline cookies - these were decent, but not the best I've ever had. The color was a bit darker than I was used to (more coffee with a splash of milk rather than latte color) and it almost tasted like they had burned/overcooked the butter or brown sugar. 
Beck's also has this authentic root beer from New Orleans available. I'm not a root beer fan so haven't tried, but I keep hearing awesome things about it.The shrimp po boy was completely off on proportions. The bread was super thick, hard and chewy and I threw away half of it because who can possibly eat that much bread in one meal. The shrimp was good but skimpy portions. The creole sauce is  good too. I would not get it again.Gator gumbo with fried mac and cheese.  Great food with just the right amount of kick for a late lunch.Everything about this place is great. Located in Historic Reading Terminal, quick service, flavorful dishes... :)
I don't know anywhere else in Philly that you can get amazing, authentic New Orleans food.
I seriously salivate thinking about how amazing the bread pudding with the whiskey butter sauce is... MMMMMMmmmmmmm !!!!!
The jambalaya, cajun chicken alfredo, and gumbo are also so yum. 
The owner (I hear also a professional caterer on the side) loves New Orleans food. 
Go here when you go to Reading Terminal, trust me.I live in Hawaii and came to Philly for vacation. Came here before and the Gumbo is Great. My g/friend sat next to me with food from another vendor. (Plenty of Open Seats). Female waitress observed this, nothing said. So she opens the wrapping to eat and female (now) advised she couldn't eat other food at their area. (Even though I was still eating my Gumbo) I understand the concept however their were plenty of open seats. So I hurried eating my Gumbo so I could sit with my g/friend. No AlohaPretty good Cajun options in the middle of PhiladelphiaSo stupid good. This place is well worth the visit, as everything I had was amazing. 
I had the "Trainwreck", which was a cheesesteak with Cajun spices, sausage, cheese, peppers, onions, etc. which was delicious, then I got Cajun fries (which were actually more like home fries as chunks of real potato) topped with the chicken and sausage gumbo. It was a really flavorful, dark gumbo, that I think I could've eaten a whole pot of. 
Service was kind and fast, and I got more food than I could eat with a soda for only about $15.Coming from a person who's whole family is from the bayous of Louisiana it's ok. The roux on the gumbo is a little to thick. Gumbo over jambalaya is almost insulting. Po boy wasn't a po boy it was more like a Hoagie with Cole slaw a semi blackened chicken. The flavor is kinda close (if you are a rookie to this food). If you have never had REAL creole/Cajun food you'll love it. I am of creole descent and I grew up on this food ,but like I said if you go to Louisiana (especially bayous were it started not new Orleans) you'll know what I'm talking about. For rookie creole/Cajun palates it's descent though.Went there today with a friend to try the train wreck po boy and possibly some gumbo. We were greeted by some very friendly staff who were very helpful in giving suggestions and attentive to us while we dined there. We ordered two train wreck po boys and with advice settled on gator gumbo with white rice after we were told it has a bit of heat and a good kick to it. We were not disappointed by the gumbo  it was savory and hearty with just the right amount of heat to it. The po boys were served on a a fresh french bread with a delicious creole mayo. Inside the po boy was Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion everything was diced super fine and you need a fork to eat eat all because they pile the meat and fillings on big time on the sandwich. Overall a great meal completely and excellent service would definitely return and highly recommend to anyone looking to spice things upReading terminal is the place to be if you're hungry in Philly cause of all the options. I wasn't expecting it to be packed on a Sunday late afternoon but oh well. My friend and I looked around at a bunch of different places but this was the one that stuck out the most so we fought our way back over. There were two lines for service so things went a lot faster. The servers were nice and gave recommendations. I got the gator gumbo while my friend had the Cajun pasta. We both added a side of cornbread cause who can resist that. We found seats and dug in. One bite and the heat was there. The spice was heavy but so was the flavor. Every spoonful had gator chucks in it which I was not against in the slightest. I had a bite of my friends pasta and that was just as good, the cornbread consistency was closer to cake but it was still good. I could only eat half since it was so thick. Would definitely grab a bowl to go next time I'm in the area.2.5 Stars 
Located inside Reading Terminal Market, there are many food stall to choose from, but Beck's is the only one with Louisiana style foods.  I came here for lunch after reading some pretty good reviews.
Decor:
Like many of the food vendors of Reading Terminal, they presentation is not the focus.  It was still a fairly clean cooking area and everything was labeled properly.  There was nothing to really complain about regarding the decorations given the surrounding food stalls.
Food:
I ordered the beignets which are only available on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.  It was around $8 for a bunch of fried dough balls with powdered sugar sprinkled on top.  They were freshly made to order and came inside a plastic container.  The dough itself was rather dense and did not have the light and fluffy texture that I was hoping for.  They were not as good as I had hoped, but I would be willing to try the savory options in the future.
Service:
The lady who took my order was really nice, but the lines leading up to the register can be quite confusing.  With so many people walking around the market and stopping to look at the food, it was hard to tell who was waiting for food and who was just standing around.  After placing my order I was told to wait to the side, but the food took a while to come out.  Luckily, they were piping hot when I received them, which makes up for some of the wait time.
Overall, the dessert options can be skipped.  I would try the gumbo and jambalaya in the future if I ever came back.This was the second time being here. The first time the Po' Boy was really good. So this time I was there I was OK Po' Boy time it wasn't that great at all lacking seasoning big time. Not sure if they just had a off day. I might check it out one last time but not sure. Now the Gumbo was really good. So I might stop there for the Gumbo again.You must order bread pudding and shrimp po boy!!If you want a little taste of New Orleans this is the place to go. I am from the South and have visited NOLA many times. The Mufaletta here was as good as any I have had in New Orleans. Fried Mac and cheese were also good. Food was out in no time. Definitely worth a stop.Excellent place to stop in and get Cajun food. Service is quick and efficient. You get large portions for a low price.  The food was excellent . Highly recommend.I wish Chuck were here to show me where the best cheesesteaks were. But I made a trip to the Redding Terminal Market and lo and behold my friends took me to Beck's. The staff is friendly and will offer you samples of whatever you'd like to try: jambalaya, red beans and rice, gumbo and their ridiculous whisky sauce drenched bread pudding. 
I had a generous portion of their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo which made me wonder why I didn't make more trips to the South. Great flavor to the rice and gumbo. 
Then, this is now where I say, "I hate y'all," to my friends. The whiskey sauce bread pudding was incredible. I rarely say this but it was one of those things that made my stomach hurt in a good way. So ridiculously rich; the sauce has such a unique flavor. It's one of those things you wonder how you went through life without.I was debating between a 4 and 5 because I think the mac and cheese balls were overpriced, but it's unique enough to the area that it deserves a 5. I'll admit I've never had "authentic" Cajun food, but the gumbo was spicy but not overwhelming. The Train Wreck (sausage/salami po boy meeting a cheesesteak) is delicious; not as spicy as the gumbo but still enough heat to keep it interesting. Very warm and filling.
The staff is pretty nice and they do samples of the gumbo, so give it a shot.Excellent jambalaya! Will definitely come back to try out the jumbo. Service could have been a tad friendlier but it was a busy weekend with a ton of people coming in for the flower show.eat here. do it. it's sooo good. and get the train wreck po'boy. you won't be disappointed.Reading terminal market can be overwhelming not knowing where to begin when it comes to ordering. But Beck's Cajun Cafe makes it easy.
The staff was super helpful on helping my dad and I pick out what I eat.  The lady recommended the train wreck Po boy which was amazing. I would have ate that alone and been satisfied. We also had the fried Mac and cheese balls. We were given a sample of the bread pudding which I wish I had room for! 
Must eat place when you go to reading terminal. Whether you're from Philly or not. You won't regret it!Some of the best food I have ever eaten. Extremely flavorful. Everything was perfect. Definitely try the fried mac and cheese with bacon and gator gumbo.Cat fish poboy was full of fish and had ample filling-to-bread ratio. If only the fish was seasoned. At all. With anything. Bland and underwhelming :/WE LOVE THIS PLACE! The Bourbon Street Breakfast is perfect when you're still in mood for breakfast but want lunch too. Their Ettouffees are amazing too!Went for breakfast and had the peppers n eggs on a roll.  Very good sandwich.   The service was also very good, very friendly.I had the pleasure of having the beignets here on a Sunday. They aren't available everyday. They will give you free samples to try before you buy which is always a plus. 
Staff was friendly, I will be sure to try some gumbo or something else when I return, this was a foodie trip and I enjoyed other items in the market. I only had dessert at Beck'sDecided to hit the market for lunch on a rainy afternoon. After reading several reviews about what to eat, I looked up and noticed I was standing in front of Beck's. The reviews for their Mac n cheese balls did not disappoint!! They were excellent!!I came here once because i heard they offered Beignets on wed and sun.. and they do!
OM GOSH ever since I've been to Louisiana I've had a craving for these delightful French donuts. and i finally found them.
They aren't as good as the ones in the French quarter but they will do for now.The gator gumbo is pretty solid - rich with flavor but a little on the salty side. You can definitely tell that it's made from a well-loved recipe. I would highly recommend this dish for anyone who's first coming to Reading Terminal!So we were in line for Tony Dinic's. The GF notice Beck's and we got some small hand held items that we could snack on while waiting. She got the alligator sausage on a stick, this was good, it's meat on a stick. Fried mac & cheese ball was decent. I would skip the balls. 
Full disclosure, we just ate these items and nothing else. So this isn't the most full and fair review. But looks worthy. Would like to come back to this place and try some real food.One of my goals for my trip to Philadelphia was to visit Reading Terminal.  The place is filled with great options for food. I was leaning towards the southern food so it was either the fried chicken place (Deliah?) or the Cajun Cafe.  I  have been to New Orleans a couple of times, so I decided to try the Cajun Cafe to see how the food matched up.  The oyster po boy was great.  The oysters were friend nicely, not too greasy.  The mayo, pickles, and tomato were in good balance.  The bread had a nice chewiness to it as well.  I really enjoyed the Po Boy; it brought back some memories of New Orleans (pre-Katrina).  I also had an order of the Jambalaya (just cooked within an hour) and brought it back to the hotel.  There was a nice spiciness which was not overpowering. 
jambalayaI'll keep this one short and sweet, the Muffaletta  was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The meat and cheese was fresh and delicious, it was topped with an amazing olive salad, and the roll was to die for. I'll be forcing this place on my parents next time they come into town.Wow!  If Philadelphia and New Orleans had a child it would be named "Trainwreck".  Great sammich, great price, great service. Corn bread and gumbo is very good too.Went here for lunch a few days ago.. Wanted something different than the usual terminal fare so I gave Beck's a try. I wish I didn't . I ordered the Trainwreck and red beans and rice. Let's start with the good, the beans and rice were pretty good. Smoky and creamy with nicely cooked
 Beans. Lots of meat inclined to give the beans richness. A very good side dish. The sandwich was not so good . The sandwich has about 1000 ingredients so this next part is gonna sound stupid, it honestly tasted like nothing. It really had no flavor to speak of. Just very soggy
And greasy with too much onion. I think I might have ordered wrong . Not sure if I'd give this place another try , there are too many better options at the terminal for my
Money .The Bourbon Street Breakfast is really good and a great value. It's basically a dish of red beans and rice topped with a fried egg and split-and-toasted corn muffin. I had one today and it really hit the spot! Great comfort food. I also tried the gator sausage on a stick which was really good.Service was ok...they need to learn to smile. Food was excellent which is the 4 stars. I ordered the Train Wreck without seeing the yelp reviews and it was the bomb!  Tons of meat all put together with a perfectly chewy roll. There was also some tangy sauce on the roll which went well with the different meats. Also had the Chicken and Shrimp Gumbo.Food was good overall but not out-of-this-world! Ordered the fried shrimp platter with red beans & rice which came with cornbread on the side! Tasted great but I wish they gave you more shrimp and larger shrimp too. Also ordered a jambalaya bowl and fried mac n cheese to go (both solid!) and tried my friend's Train Wreck sandwich (yummmm!). They have a very strict policy when it comes to not allowing take out customers to sit at the counter. I saw a few takeout customers turned away and they were not pleased but there's also signs all over the place! Special shoutout to Kate who took care of us while we dined in!OMG! 
The Trainwreck! 
Sooo deliciously good! 
This sandwich is for the meat lover in you. 
It comes with Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion on a soft, yet crusty roll. 
I felt so fat because as I was eating the Trainwreck I was eyeing the Muffaletta. LOL 
If you ever find yourself in Reading Terminal, do yourself a favor and cop a squat at Beck's!I love me some Cajun food. But Philly lacks it. Beck's helps curb my craving. Their tasty, hearty food is worth the annoying wait in crowded Reading Terminal. The gumbo is my fave--it has a lot of spice, chunks of chicken, and spicy sausage in tasty, just-thick-enough broth over rice. The "cup" is $5.50, and super filling. Jambalaya is also good, as is the crawfish etoufee. And dessert looks great, though I'm alway too full to try it.Went with fiancé & we shared the Trainwreck, gumbo & the fried mac & cheese. We lucked out that day because everything was tasty delicious. everybody has their on off days. some days everything the chef makes is on point & their are some days when everything tastes alil off. i recommend the fried Mac & cheese. hands down, yummilicious! I'm not quite a meat eater but my fiancé is & he liked the Trainwreck very much. bread was just right. it was crispy on the outside & moist on the inside, was not soggy which is really important in my opinion. I'm not really a gumbo person but it was good. had enough kick to it & it wasn't too salty. if I could eat til my heart is content & not gain any weight, I would be eating here every week.I was able to sample a few things from here last week and nothing was disappointing! The fried spicy mac and cheese ball was hot and melty and totally homemade. I also had the alligator gumbo and I honestly don't think I've had gumbo before, but this was so good I may not want to try it from anywhere else! It was totally spicy, but warm and made me feel so much better on a rainy sick day i was having. 
To top it off I had their bread pudding, which is one of my favorite desserts, and it was  perfect. Warm, gooey, AND it had raisins and apple slices. I absolutely loved it. 
It was also the first time I was in Reading Terminal Market and that was an adventure in itself! I'll definitely be back to try more Southern Comfort food!I was expecting more from the fried mac and cheese balls after the Thrillist article said it was the best thing in the market...it was just fine. The noodles inside were standard elbow and the cheese was atomic yellow. The breading was too heavy and hard and the marinara sauce was too thin. The coffee tasted good but was cold.The alligator sausage po boy is nothing to write home about. It just tastes like regular old sausage, and the onions and peppers took up most of the sandwich compared to the tiny little sausage pieces.
The cashiers were clearly very unhappy to be working here.
You can find more flavorful sandwiches (with more meat) in Reading Terminal with more pleasant staff.I am writing this review over a to-go cup of Gator Gumbo... 
I would consider myself somewhat of a veteran when it comes to Reading Terminal but in regards to getting some game meats, fish or cuts that I wouldnt be able to get elsewhere, it's usually a one stop shop for me and I am off to the kitchen.
Today was a rare day that I decided to try Beck's.  I was there with a friend who said he read good things.  In my head, I started to think about my own trips to the Big Easy and all the different gumbos I have sampled and prejudged and just assumed this wouldnt be able to hold up.  Huge mistake... This is right up there with the best of Nola, and maybe the best I have ever had... no joke!
I originally went for a cup of the Crab, Shrimp, Crawfish Etouffe and my freinds tried the chicken and sausage gumbo.  Etouffe was awesome and I sampled their Gumbo, unreal as well.  I am almost depressed that I tried this because I always thought I made a pretty mean batch of gumbo and now I have to know this place exists and it is making me rethink my entire dark chocolate roux approach.  
The woman at the counter heard us talking and said that we really need to try the gator gumbo, gave us a sample and as I am typing, I am eating the cup I brought home with me.  Great spice level, smoky flavor...  Again, rethinking my entire approach.  I tried getting some info out of her as to what ingredients they make their roux with, to no avail.  She did give me a hint on how to cook the gator though... baby steps.  I will def. return many times again and continue to pry.  
My new goal is to replicate their gumbo.  This one may take a long, long time.Meh. I came here on account of the Yelp reviews and wasn't impressed in the slightest. I ordered the jambalaya. It tasted tomatoey, and most definitely NOT spicy. It was lukewarm and had almost no meat or shrimp in it. I think it literally contained one small shrimp, one piece of sausage and one tiny, barely identifiable scrap of chicken. They were even sparing with the veggies, throwing in maybe a half dozen pieces of celery for an entire bowl. Edible, yes. Delicious, no. And for about $8, totally not worth the price. I understand good food can cost. I would easily spend up to five times as much for a great lunch, and did just that this week, but this bowl of lukewarm, hard rice covered in tomato sauce was honestly just not worth the $8.Fried Shrimp Po Boy........
This was my first meal in Philadelphia during my 4-day stay, and did it ever set the bar high. While planning my trip, I searched for places that would offer large portions at a low cost. This sandwich fit that description to a t. The sandwich was nearly a foot long and was filled with a generous portion of deliciously fried shrimp and creamy cole slaw, all at under $9. 
While waiting for my sandwich to be made, I was offered a sample of their Gator Gumbo, which was equally delicious and was something I would probably order for my next visit. 
On your visit to Reading Terminal Market, definitely give Beck's a shot.The food here is amazing and the owners/workers are so friendly! I came here for breakfast and ordered the red beans and rice with a fried egg. It was so good that my whole family came the next day! The étouffée was so good, tons of flavor and fresh ingredients. I was only here for vacation and I already want to go back because I want to try everything else on their menu. I highly recommend this place!I wasn"t even going to try this place out but Grace stopped me with a free sample of the alligator gumbo which hooked me. Very friendly and beautiful staff. DELICIOUS cajun food that rivals New Orleans. BELIEVE me when I tell u that the "train wreck" sandwich will surprise ur mouth with a savory taste explosion. I should have ordered one to go.Updating based on my visit here about a month ago and OMG, the Trainwreck sandwich was unbelievable. It's one of those sandwiches where you don't want to think about how many calories you're ingesting, but you don't regret it afterwards cause it was totally worth all those calories. Think a sandwich with andouille sausage, salami and steak smothered with cheese and super spicy. I was in a food coma the rest of the day. Proof of how good it was, it's now a month later and I still remember it. 
I also love that Beck's offers samples of their products while you're standing around waiting. I had the rice and beans last time, I believe, and they were fabulous. 
In conclusion, the staff here is fantastic. Always friendly and enthusiastic about the products they have, this is rare to find these days. 
I don't get to RTM at lunch as much as I used to, but considering the relatively short lines here (compared to most places), I am always glad to stop here during my lunch hour and get something new, unique and delicious.Gator gumbo & macaroni balls. I've had alligator in New Orleans but not gator gumbo, but I'd sure like to have some more after tasting this stuff. Next time I have to try the gator gumbo with the jambalaya. The best treat were those breaded & fried balls of macaroni though. Mmm...Just had a Po boy . not authentic . I expected NOLA french rolls not a philly roll. It was good just not authentic . Guess I have to make a trip to NOLA .Located inside reading terminal market. The fried mac n cheese, corn bread, and sweet tea was good. Cajun fries was home fries with seasoning on them. Yet still very bland. Fried shrimp had zero seasoning. I wouldn't go again. Not worth the prices.Brittany suggested the veggie omelet....So good! The cornbread and sweet potato fries that came with it were sooo good. Brittany also suggested some places to see while we were in Philly for the day.....Great food, great service!Super Bowl Sunday...super food and and even superer service. 
Had great Etouffee and the Train Wreck. Much better than any cheesesteak!
Be sure to go to the sit down counter for great service. Ask for Margaret, she rocks!
Take away is for losers.This is actually my 2nd time eating here. The first time was last month. I had their corn and chicken chowder- I actually love it, I love the andouille sausage and has  a good amount of chicken,sausage and rice! 
Yesterday, I had to try their beignet- it was the best one I've tasted 4 stars for that!! I was curious about their fried mac and cheese! It was crunchy on the outside but soo good creamy inside has some cajun flair to it!! Their cornbread is soo delicious!!! 
Next time I will try their breadpudding, praline cookies and other food on their menu!Came here for lunch on a busy Wednesday.  I ordered the blackened chicken po boy.  It arrived and I knew right away I was not going to like it.  It had thinly sliced, dried-out chicken piled onto a roll with lettuce and tomato.  I asked for the creole mayonnaise on the side, and that was actually the best part.  I had to dip the chicken slices into the mayonnaise to make the slices edible.  It was really dry.  And it wasn't "blackened"--I don't understand why they call it blackened when there's no evidence of blackend-ness.  I was expecting a thick piece of chicken that was actually blackened and not some dried out pile of sliced meat.  I couldn't even finish it, and I was pretty hungry.  I'm sure the other po boys are much better, but I don't recommend you order the so-called blackened chicken.Best po boys, train wrecks, beignets and bread pudding outside of new Orleans itself! !  If I lived closer, I'd be there every day!WOW...This place was amazing. I got the Jambalaya and my boyfriend got the Train Wreck (steak, andouille, salami, fried onions, creole mayo). We also split the cajun fries.  Everything was delicious! amazing flavors.  Jambalaya was packed with chicken, andouille and shrimp. very good!  I was able to grab a couple bites of the train wreck. WOWZA. It was soooo goood! I couldnt believe my eyes when i saw the line stretching around the corner for the Dinics Roast Pork when you could have a train wreck ( i know the dinics is amazing too), this train wreck is prob the best sandwich i have ever eaten in this city. Forget all the gourmet burgers and the cheese steak shops. GET THE TRAIN WRECK. kind of reminded me a bit of a schmitter, but dare i say EVEN BETTER than the schmitter.
this is an absolute must in this city!
All Hail The Train Wreck
fyi you will feel a little train wrecked after eating it! just look at the ingredients you know what you're getting in to! Just go for it.I came back because my friend wanted to come here for lunch. I had the Train Wreck Po Boy, and she has a Fried Shrimp Po Boy Wrap. 
It was pretty good, in a "cheesesteak from the pizza place down the street" kind of way. It supposed to be, "andouille sausage, steak, salami, onions, cheese, and creole mayo," but all you can taste in the steak and cheese with a little kick. The French baguette was pretty hard (inside and out), and I don't think they're fitting for a sandwich (unlike the *cough* rolls from that other place in RTM that are crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside *cough*). I think I would've preferred a wrap.
She let me try one of the fried "shrimp" that fell out. The breading was very tasty, but the "shrimp" tasted similar to that of what you'd find in a grocery store ramen noodles with fake shrimp package.
We also witnessed the "waitress" mess up everyone's orders and then do nothing to make up for it.
I stand by what I said last time, the Alligator Sausage Po Boy they're "famous" for was oddly devoid of alligator sausage and was mostly peppers and onions.
There's a reason there were four seats open at 1pm on a Sunday, You can do better in RTM.This was a great quick stop for me during a busy day of touring Philly. Sadly, they were out of beignets when I was there. The portion sizes look small but are very filling, so don't be fooled! 
It took me forever to decide on what to get, and the lady serving us was really patient and kind, and very apologetic about the beignet shortage. It certainly wasn't the best cajun food I've ever had, but for fast casual cajun it was great. FYI: The alligator gumbo comes in the form of alligator sausages.Had the trainwreck omelette breakfast and my husband had the brioche French toast with pralines breakfast! 2 weekends in a row the waitress didn't let us down!!! Awesome meals and service!!! Love this place!The Po'Boy Train Wreck here is huge and pretty delicious. Cajun sub stuffed with andouille sausage and various sorts of other meats. However, the Jambalaya was a bit disappointing, especially in comparison to the Po'Boy Train Wreck. For 7 dollars, the Jambalaya dish gives you a tiny amount of food. It tastes pretty good, but you won't fill up on it.I was directed to this place by a Thrillest article highlighting the 9 best finds at the Reading Terminal Market. The article specifically mentioned trying their fried Mac & Cheese Balls, so I listened to my Thrillest advisors and ordered those. I'm a fan of any Mac & Cheese situation, so I was excited to try them, but I've got to say that I was a little disappointed. They were served lukewarm with a side of salsa that reminded me of the Tostito's salsa, which isn't bad, so it was fine, but all in all, the flavors didn't do much for me. Maybe it was because they weren't hot or because they were a little dry, but I wasn't impressed. I'm glad that I tried them so that I can cross them off of my foodie bucket list, but I won't be ordering them again if I ever make it back to the market.One of my favorite places to grab breakfast at Reading Terminal. Highly recommend the breakfast po'boys. I am not a fan of the chicory coffee, but others like it. Always great service from a friendly waitstaff.Delilahs at the Reading Terminal use to be my place for years, but because of the declining service and quality of food, I started looking around for another spot, and thank God, Beck's was just opening! Now this is the place that I go to for lunch and tell everyone about!! The shrimp po' boys are so tasty, the jambalaya, the gumbos, bread pudding... everything is great and authentic (husband is from New Orleans). The  po' boys are filling, but the other dishes could use a little bit more. Usually we split a shrimp po' boy, and then order some jambalaya and then another side dish, then finish it with bread pudding. Also order some root beer from LA., very refreshing!! I love the fact that they have their own counter and seats, it makes it easier to eat here and also watch them make your food. Oh yes, the beignets are only made only certain days, so order them. They are so light and sweet!!Seriously crave-able, which isn't too much of a problem since I work directly next to the Terminal.
I wandered into the Terminal on a cold and rainy day and wasn't quite sure what I was in the mood for- figured I'd do a lap around and see what stood out to me. I walked past  Beck's and noticed they were giving out free samples. I tried the Crab & Shrimp Efouffee over white rice and knew it was exactly what I wanted for my perfect rainy day lunch. Had great spice to it and the depth of the flavors was exactly what I didnt even know I was craving. 
The Shrimp Po Boy is also out of this world. The roll is the perfect consistency to hold the oh-so-crispy fried shrimp in. The creole mayo- ask for extra! They put so much shrimp into this sandwich that some ends up falling out, and i like the extra sauce at the end for the few remaining shrimp. 
If only I didnt mind being in a serious post lunch food coma after eating here, I'd come here far more often...Was made aware of this place via a friend who was raving about a very underrated sandwich, the Train Wreck.  Warm meaty, salty, oooey goodness smelted together with cheese.  This chopped meat combo features various different bovine & swine varietals smothered in cheese on French bread. Good alternative dare I say the best concoction in the RTM.I dream of the gumbo here! O M G! I used to go to Reading Terminal and have trouble deciding because there are so many delicious things to eat. Not anymore, 100% of the time I go to Beck's. Seriously go here, it will not disappoint! The food is wonderful, flavorful and reasonably priced. The staff are never anything but friendly and helpful! I hope to be visiting Beck's for years to come! Beck's has managed to carve a niche in a place where the best of the best are truly represented!We come to Reading Terminal about once a year, so we normally stick to our normal dining options.  This time we tried Beck's Cajun Café.  We had the gator gumbo over jambalaya, train wreck, fried catfish, fried macaroni & bacon balls.  Not sure if it was a special or not, but the lady gave us a complimentary bread pudding (generous portion). Everything was delicious!! The gator gumbo was so good I went back and ordered one to take home with me.  We will definitely keep Beck's on our go to list at RTM!Got the Chicken/Andouille Gumbo with Jambalaya last night. I want to bring back home a tub full! Best gumbo I've had in a very long time! The perfect ratio between spice and flavor in the gumbo, with the combination of the hearty jambalaya was amazing! The texture and consistency of the gumbo was spot on! Not too soupy and also not too creamy. Highly recommended!I looooooove---D this place! I have all my co-workers addicted to the fried mac n cheese with the gumbo on top. We've been ordering it almost everyday for the last 2 weeks...
The first couple days the mac n cheese was dropped in the fryer--a scoop of gumbo poured on top.. and when you dipped your fork in the mac n cheese...YOU HEARD THAT CRUNCH! You felt that crunch in your mouth as the cheesy goodness made you feel like you were at home sitting at the dinner table...
However today--- I just so happened to lean over the counter. I saw the cook make some fresh orders of mac n cheese for  customers that were sitting down yet used some old mac and cheese balls for me and threw them in the microwave. I was very disappointed by that. They were soggy and it really damaged the quality overall. Smh I had no time to argue it there with a 30 min lunch break but I find it disheartening when you short change your customers on an experience. We love it but like wth smhThis place. The corn bread. My life. The jambalaya. The shrimp po'boy. Everything is amazing. Seriously. Go. You will not be disappointed. I promise. And the bread pudding. To. Die. For.
Okay, I'm done with fragments. But I really hope you Ay least stop by and grab a taster, if not a full meal. You will not leave disappointed.Oh man, try the Train Wreck Po' Boy...it'll change your life.  Eat at the counter if you can.  Breakfast, the chicory coffee (don't add any sugar or milk til after you try it; it's a coffee drinker's coffee) and the egg po boy with andouille.  The andouile will be undoing.  In a way I hate living right near this because I'm tempted to eat here 3 meals a day.  And very friendly people to boot!Really want to give this place a 3.5.
Friendly service.  We ordered the fried oyster po boy which was yummy but it only came with four pieces of oyster and it was mostly thick Italian bread.  The mayo was delicious though!  Nicely flavored with seasoning.Perfect! Best meal in Philadelphia by far! We were sick of Dunkin (which made the kids happy). We stopped in the market and found this gem. Great service and great food! The beignets were great, the omelet was awesome, but the Brioche French Toast.... get it! Also some of the best corn bread I've ever had. Must try!I love southern cuisine, cajun, seafood and all. Just bring it all on. I came here and order the etouffee and really like it. I am a fan of the Reading Terminal. It is one of the tourist traps, but it adds something to the city of brotherly love and not everything at the Reading Terminal is over priced, You just need patience and know what and where to eat at. Beck's is definitely one of them. :)Over the past few days, I've tried the oyster po' boy, gator gumbo, and bread pudding.  All were original recipes, authentic, and delicious.  The bread pudding was particularly amazing.  For the price (reasonable!) and availability (wait less than 5 mins!), this gets 5 stars.
Definitely worth a visit.Excellent food, especially if you like bold flavors like indian or thai curry. 
The Jambalaya was excellent.This place is fantastic. Our waitress Margaret was super friendly and helpful. The catfish po boy was excellent and the selection of sides and Zapps chips are awesome as well.
Definitely check this place out when you're in Reading Terminal Market.We tried the rice and beans as well as a shrimp Po boy sandwich the sandwich itself was very dry. the amount of shrimp were decent, not too many but not too few just enough. It could have used a little bit more mayo or some sort of condiment that helped moisten the sandwich. The  red beans and rice were really good my son absolutely loved it. He ate an entire serving all on his own. Service is friendly and they help suggest things that you would like to eat I want to try a little bit of everything but they didn't have any type a sampler which would've been nice. I would definitely try this place againDo not order beignets. It will take forever. Also, make sure someone writes down your order, otherwise it'll be forever lost in the abyss that is this place's organization.I love Mardi Gras, but have a lot of trouble finding authentic food around the holiday. I had a bacon Mac & cheese ball, muffuletta & king cake. Everything tasted great and the take out service was prompt. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings!This is another place whose rating will probably go up in the future.  However, for now, its a 3.  This isn't due to the food, which was amazing (got the train wreck Po Boy, mmmmmmmm).  My issue was that they literally waited for 6 other people to order a train wreck before making all the sandwiches at once.  I know this is more efficient, but it waited over 20 minutes for a sandwich in a very cramped corner of the Terminal Market.  I would have even been OK with the meat being pre cooked and re-heated with the additional ingredients.  As I said, food = great.... service = eh.After a long, cold day in Philly we found ourselves in the warm and vibrant Reading Terminal Market.  We had only come to browse, as we had planned to eat dinner at the Continental, but our hunger quickly caught up to us and we soon found ourselves drooling over Beck's southern delicacies.
Now, I'm no expert on Southern food, far from it.  But to my credit, I have enjoyed Southern cuisine in New Orleans, so I think that buys me just a little bit of respect.  
That said, I found Beck's surprisingly good.
The wait staff was incredibly friendly, offering samples of just about anything we wanted and patiently waiting for us to decide on what we'd like.  We ended up going for the gator gumbo and shrimp crawfish pasta--both excellent!  Gator gumbo was rich, flavorful, and had a good amount of meat and rice.  Shrimp crawfish pasta was simple with a tasty sauce.
The only knock is that it's a little pricey given the quantities.  But if you live around Philly and you're craving some good Southern food, this is a solid choice.Sat at the counter to eat with my sister on a Friday after the lunch crowd had dissipated. We ordered the train po'boy and the jambalaya. The initial guy who took our order was very friendly, but then disappeared into thin air afterwards, and was replaced with this grumpy old lady. The train po'boy was nothing more than a glorified cheesesteak with little bits of chorizo and other meats on top. The jambalaya was not good. We tried to season it with some hot sauce and salt/pepper, but to no avail. It sucked. I was disappointed. I was craving jambalaya after watching the travel channel. Damn you travel channel!Holy s*%# this place has everything! The unbridled  joy expressed by my friend when we found she could get Cajun in the Reading terminal summed up the experience better then anything I could think of. The gumbo was spot on. The perfect amount of heat and flavor to drive out the dampness of another dreary day. The service was spectacular and the staff was incredably friendly. This has quickly become one of my favorite stops.I didn't get to try a lot of things here except the jambalaya and fried mac and cheese balls. The jambalaya was okay but the mac and cheese balls were delicious. At first I wanted to share one but after tasting it I ate a whole one by myself and even ordered more to take back home to NY.Food was fantastic but the ladies really came through when we needed it! My friend and I were getting awkwardly harassed by two guys in front of their store and they were ready and willing to come to our rescue when we needed it. Thank you ladies!The train wreck sandwich was voted the best sandwich in Redding terminal market, and I couldn't agree more.  Absolutely delicious; and the service is great!  Thanks Margaret!!Becks.... I love you. Your muffettA changed my life, your jambalaya pulls my heart strings. Your Trainwreck deserves national recognition. I've never been disappointed, minus when I participated in your bread pudding eating contest and could not eat it for about a year.My hubby was very happy that he found this Cajun cafe in the Reading Terminal! I ordered the Shrimp & Crayfish Étouffée. He ordered Alligator Etouffe over Jambalaya. (2nd pic) A delicious spot in your ever in Philly craving some Cajun.Good Cajun food is hard to find, I loved this place.Excellent food and friendly, fast, helpful service. Eaten here every day I was here for a conference. A pleasure every time. Margaret was fun to chat with while or group ate!I happened upon the Beck Cajun Cafe on a Wednesday, and ate the catfish po boy and a small bowl of chicken and shrimp gumbo..  I enjoyed it so much I got the exact same items at Thursday's lunch.  The gumbo was the best I have ever eaten.  Excellent food and kind waitresses.Pros: Great Service! Lots of options for a good price.
Con: Found a short thick piece of black hair in my sandwich. Ugh! Sigh! The guy that makes the food behind the counter is hairy. He had a mustache. Hair on his hands, arms, and face. No gloves or hair net. SADLY I will not be coming back here.Damn good. I had the gator sausage po boy. It was awesome. I wish I could go every day to try something new.Thank goodness for Beck's. Really I am so shocked that there are hardly any Cajun restaurants in the Philly area. But maybe that's for the best, because Beck's is pretty darn good.
Located in the thick of the Reading Terminal Market, the stand is always busy but the service is fast. The staff is more than happy to let you try whatever you want (which you should). I've had all varieties of the gumbo and don't have a preference which is better. Go for alligator if you are feeling wild.
My favorite thing from here are the red beans over rice. They are thick and have chunks of andouille sausage. Great with a piece of corn bread and scallions on top!
The po'boys are decent. I find them a little too bready/fried for my liking but the overall flavor is good. I did not like the catfish po'boy....it was too fishy for me.As we were walking thru the Reading Market we came across this Cajun place and we were pleasantly amazed at how great their food was. Margaret was our hostess/waitress and she was friendly and pleasant and made some amazing recommendations. I got the fried mac n cheese with bacon, the train wreck sandwich and a small cornbread loaf. And I was not disappointed at any of them. Hell I would come back just for the cornbread and mac n cheese. The trainwreck was amazing by itself and a great entree. I will definitely come back to this market place and especially this Cajun place.I came here for a bite and got the gator gumbo and fried mac and cheese. The gator gumbo had a thick creamy broth and the gator sausage was delicious. I had never had alligator meat before and to me the gator sausage did not taste really any different from typical sausage. The mac and cheese ball were very good in a greasy guilty pleasure way. Although, I could not really tell if there was bacon in them which the waitress had asked if I wanted, and I replied yes. It was very noticeable that the servers were stressed by the lunch crowd as they snapped at each other and were at times rude to customers. However, this did not dampen the experience much because of how good the food was. Plus if a relaxing and calm meal is what you are looking for I would not suggest trying anywhere inside the hectic Reading Terminal. I would like to come back here if I am in the area again.Beck's serves up some flavor enchanting Cajun food. I had myself a cup of gator gumbo over rice. The gumbo was very rich. It was quite spicy and had some strong Cajun season. The chunks of gator was tender. Based on how good the gumbo was, I'm eager to try the jambalaya and the po boys.Happened upon this place while running around in Reading Terminal with family and I'm SO glad I did! I had a lunch of the gator gumbo and lemme tell you - that stuff was excellent!
Seriously, somebody put their foot in this sausagey mess.  This stuff is really really good. So good, in fact, I kept the sauce/gravy that was left over in order to pour it over some jasmine rice when I got back home to Pittsburgh - and THAT was good too!  Om nom nom!
I distinctly remember sampling other tasty things, but honestly, I don't remember anything after that gumbo.  Yeah, it's like that.Mmmm po boys *Insert Homer Simpson voice and drooling noise*
This place is beyond awesome.  Try everything.  No matter what you get it will be incredibly delicious and you'll leave rtm full and happy.Asked for no onions on my train wreck. Waited for 15 minutes. Got handed one with onions. Came back and told them. " I asked for no onions". "No you didnt." Luckily my order where she just wrote it, saying no onions, was there. "We must've given it to someone else"
Class actHad an oyster poor boy. Excellent!  Quick service, very friendly in the busy reading terminal market. 
Recommended!I went today after reading it was the best sandwich in Philly (excluding a cheesesteak of course).  I got the shrimp po boy.  It was great except the bread was a bit hard  ....not sue if it was supposed to be that way but I have been to new Orleans and had them there....and the rolls were softer.  Otherwise it was HUGE and good, plus friendly fast service even though the place was packed.  I will go bak and try the étouffée and jambalaya....both looked great and per the reviews here...worth a try.   Very reasonable...under $10 a dish including a drink.Best beignets ever!! Beck's is great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner but I must warn you that the Beignets are not a daily item!Yessssss to Becks! This is the place to go to get tasty, spiced up, real Cajun taste!!! I'm impressed! I am a gumbo lover and this was tasty gumbo!WOW I had no idea this place was in RTM or that it even existed! I walked up, and the first thing I thought was that I was back in NOLA!!! The smells, the menu, etc. I was thinking that since we are in Philly there is NO WAY this place would be just like being in NOLA, and boy was I dead wrong!!! I got the gumbo and the red beans and rice! The gumbo was super flavorful and spicy! Just as I remembered in NOLA! The red beans and rice. I was really surprised at how good everything was! I also met the owners daughter too! She was super nice and seemed like she really cared about the products they put out! I'd come back here in a heartbeat next time I am walking through RTM!!!I have never had authentic cajun. So I cant make a true comparison but these was pretty decent food on the hum bug. Service was great and the prices were reasonable. Definitely worth a tryWent here straight after a conference with only 30 mins before closing. Since they only sell beignets about every other day of the week, I thought they would be superb. When I got them they were super hot and covered in yummy powdered sugar, for that alone they get a 4.5, but in the taste department they weren't that good, and for that they get a 3 out of 5.The gumbo sounded good at first but couldn't resist going with the Fried Mac and Cheese balls, 2 meatball sized cheesy fried balls with a too small size side cup of tomato sauce which I wish was thicker so it would stick to the balls.  Good snack for $4.50Defn salty but authentic, some good finds
Beck's CAJUN caught my eye amongst the chaos of the Reading Terminal Market, and I wasn't looking back like Lot's wife
Chicken & Andouille Gumbo - over rice, not bad, good spices, tender chicken and hearty sausage, but tad salty
Gator on a Stick - didn't get it, but looked good. "Gator dun" Thanks Larry. 
Alligator Gumbo - VERY SALTY. alligator tastes like.. chicken? yea, chicken with a beefy taste.. beeficken-like
Blackened Chicken Alfredo - gf went nuts, claimed it was cheesiest pasta EVER, too cheesy for me, got sick of it
Popular picks are muffuletta and jambalaya. They also have plenty of soups, etouffee, other gumbos, seafood chowder and good ol' fried po' boys!Decent southern food in the north. I had the jumbalaya (THEY WERE OUT OF MUFFELETTAS, WTF), which was a huge portion and one I could barely finish. It was good, but living in the south for 3 months makes me a sob at this kind of stuff...so I can't consider it excellent. My friend had a shrimp po'boy, which looked okay. So the food was only 3 stars. But our server, Kimber, gets this place the 4th star. She was very helpful, and super cool. If I lived in Philly I'd be back for the food, and the conversation.We had the shrimp po boy wrap, corn bread, fried mac and cheese and it was all delicious. Priced well and friendly staff. It was quick and well doneI started going here for the gator gumbo, then tried the muffaletta. Now I'm hooked on the Train Wreck. Love the food here. Well worth the price.Came here on a Wednesday afternoon. It was so busy. There's two registers you can order at and I was confused where to go; it was every man for themselves! Ended up finally ordering on the side near their sit down seating (they have a bar style sit down part). I wanted to try out the gumbo and the biegnets. A man behind me was raving about the trainwreck Po boy so my friend ordered that. The wait was a little long (probably because of the biegnets) but the staff was really friendly! Don't be afraid to ask for samples! We got out food, it was so good. The portion of the gumbo looks small, but it was filling. Trainwreck Po boy was SO good, just messy to eat so be prepared! The biegnets were alright, they were a lot more dense than what I'm used to, plus all the powdered sugar was just a mountain on the top. I regret not trying the fried Mac and cheese balls, but I will be back for them!!Decent Cajun food, served quickly and very inexpensive! Also one of few vendors in the market with counter seating. Tip: you have to order at the counter to sit; if you order and pay at the window, you can't sit at the counter.Beautiful eats! We loved the muffaletta, but nothing topped the fried Mac and Cheese with gumbo. Astonishing. Lovely service as well.This station stood out the most to me during my first trip to the market. It may have been the sample of the bread pudding that made me return after walking around which was not in short supply of delicious options. I ordered the jambalaya and gumbo, both were just so rich and tastey, no complaints about the quality. Reminded me of my feasts in New Orleans during the jazz festival. Comes with plenty of meat and sauce, both spiced to a notch more than mild. Enjoy!I had such high hopes for this place, but I think what I ordered just isn't their Best. I wanted to try the Oyster Poor boy, which I have had at other Cajun cuisine places. Theirs was promising, since the chiptole aoli mayo was to die for! I bit into it, couldn't taste the oysters, There was soooo Much breading around it, plus the torpedo roll, all I tasted was the mayo & breading. I was hoping maybe it was just the one oyster, so I kept eating it, Nope..all of the above. Was SO disappointed.Not happy at all. Think the other stuff might be better, then I wanted to also try the beignets, the girl behind the counter said " oh , no, we only make them on Mon & Wednesdays only !! WTF?? How are people able to try them, when we work, don't your money makers -shouldn't you sell them more on weekends?? What a loss..Not likely I will go back...too bad ...Nice employees, and they'll let you sample anything. I had jambalaya and it was good and spicy. Also had a gator po boy that was good 
.I can't help but stop at Beck's every time I'm in the Amish market....and Beiler's for cake...but I digress. Becky's has these great Mac n' cheese balls that are so fun and delicious! I could probably eat these suckers everyday until I'm 500 lbs.
Beck's version of the NOLA cheese steak is also worth gaining a few extra lbs. It is filled with delicious spicy sausage and extra seasoned for the creole kick to the mouth. 
The staff is super friendly here and will give you a sample of anything before you commit to purchasing which is great if you don't know what level of heat you can handle. The line is usually barely as well, in comparison the other other places around. Beck's you got me boo.Beck's is hands down my favorite place to get cajun food in this city.  Their alligator is amazing, and the po boys remind me of my trips to New Orleans. If you get a chance, try their soups.
The staff is always courteous, and the only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is because sometimes they're so busy that tourists are hovering to snag a seat-but that's life in the Terminal Market!  Just saw their special of the day, which means lunch will be spent with them.Was in town and had some of the samples they were giving out for an outdoor event.  Once I went inside I had the Jambalaya Bowl which I give 8/10 (great for restaurant but just missing the  homemade flavor).  Now the soups on the other hand, are the best.  I had Creole Chicken Corn Chowder and a Mac and Cheese Ball the next day before I went home  This place is great for a quick bite (Its like a deli style setup with barstools) while sightseeing in Philadelphia.Gator Gumbo was excellent. First time I had gator not fried. Jambalaya was seasoned just right. Well done.I've been to Beck's about five times and keep telling myself I'll try various items on their menu, but each time I get tempted by The Train Wreck.  Great sandwich, you'll need a fork because it is served overflowing with meats and cheeses.
I also like that they have diner-style seating, which saves me from having to try to find a spot in the always-crowded tables at the center of the market.
Only complaint is that a couple times service has been a bit slow, but not too bad.Fantastic Cajun food.  Had the jambalaya with a scoop of gumbo on top - absolutely delicious!I LOVE Cajun food. From Cajun Kate's. The food by which all other Cajun in the Philadelphia area is judged. I hit Beck's to get my Po'boy fix. Didn't work. The catfish was grossly fishy. When you fry catfish, it should not taste strongly like fish. The cajun fries were limp and the veggies were cooked to death and pretty sad on top. The shrimp was crispy, and well fried, however I would not go back, unless I hear some rave reviews in the future. The creole mayo was a plus. Sorry, but you after eating at Kate's, it is tough find anything that can compete.wow - what great food and services.... got to enjoy some free samples too.... I'd recommend this place to anyone.
They should open a restaurant with in store seating, business looks to great to not make that investmentGood food and friendly service. Loved the beignets.  The train wreck is a nice twist on the Philly cheese steak.This spot is great because of the seats that are available. Gator Gumbo and Fried Mac & Cheese were awesome! Definitely recommended and worth trying!Gumbo in the etufe were amazing. However I was disappointed with muffuletta . They ruined it by putting Italian dressing on it. If I ever go back I'll have it with oil  vinegar and oregano vs Italian dressing was way too overbearing and ruined the taste of the olives0 Star. Food poisoned. Friday 4/27 lunchtime. Ordered jambalaya topped with gumbo. It's easy to pinpoint what got me sick because it was the only thing I ate that day AND 5 hours later it all came back up (Sorry if it's TMI). It was awful being as sick as I was but I'm more annoyed that I sent them an email to inform them and didn't get any response. Be careful folks.gator gumbo here is good AND spicy. i honestly don't know too much about southern cuisine to say this is the best but it was pretty good, can't wait to try other foods hereFour words.. or three.  Train wreck po'boy.  Holy.  Creole mayo, steak, andouille, peppers onions and cheese all cooked together on a flat top with a soft delicious roll.  I tried to replicate it myself - just about did but nothing will beat theirs.
BEST sandwich I've ever had.  I know we're known for our cheesesteaks... but I've had a cheesesteak from just about every place that offers one in this city... and none come close in comparison to how awesome this sandwich is. 
I also sampled their blacked chicken alfredo.  I'd have bought it as it was also delicious, but I only have room in my heart, and stomach, for the Train wreck.
Get it.Came here upon the recommendation of Philly Mag for the muffeleta sandwich. Maybe Im just not a fan of this type of sandwich and it may have been good in way of muffaletta but I was disappointed. It was basically a very vinegary olive tempenade sandwich with tons of nitrate laden salami, mortadella, ham and sharp provolone on a sesame roll. Don't waste your money and health on this sandwich. Instead if you're in the mood for Italian nitrates on a roll, go for an Italian hoagie at Salumeria. At least that sandwich has fabulous flavor and all the ingredients don't taste the same. I also tried the cornbread which was another disappointment...all I could taste was sugar.Breakfast Po Boy was super tasty - didn't have room for anything else.  They didn't have plain old black tea but they did have some Stash brand Chai tea which actually worked out well as a nice compliment to the sammich.  Super fast and friendly service on a Sunday morning.Vendor in the Reading Terminal Market, serving up southern cuisine, including mac and cheese, po boys, omelettes, chowder, etoufee, and other french/southern food. 
I got the alligator po boy and fried mac and cheese balls. 
The mac and cheese balls were amazing; Crunchy exterior and juicy, cheesy inside with nice complementary texture of the noodles made these instantly a favorite for me. Not super greasy, and a nice appetizer / side dish to accompany a meal. 
The alligator sausage po boy was a hoagie with a sausage sliced up, with grilled bell peppers on top. I couldn't really taste any special about the sausage itself and if you told me it was beef, venison, or boar I probably wouldn't have second guessed it. The bell peppers were cooked well but I'm not a big fan of bell peppers and though the description says "sausage, onions, peppers, and home-made mustard", I was expecting spicy peppers, not bell peppers (especially since other items specifically list "roasted red peppers". Not a big deal, but I think the sauce/juices from them ended up making the hoagie a bit soggy, and it became really chewy, even despite the mustard on the bottom. 
I'd probably go here again, but likely wouldn't get the po boy, and would ask for clarification about the toppings.The Trainwreck was the best sandwich I had during my stay in Philly.  I miss the sandwich already.Yum. Visiting from Boston but I love Cajun food and this place hits the mark. Located in the back of the market. Very friendly people, fast service and really good food. Thought about jambalaya but got étouffée. Lots of shrimp and crawfish, really tasty at prices that can't be beat.On a busy Sunday afternoon, I had the opportunity to try their famous Gator Gumbo. The Gator Gumbo had the right amount of chewiness and had a flavorful broth. However, the broth was little salty for my taste. For additional tip, if you purchase more than $10 worth of food or item at any of the vendors in the Market, and if you have parked at the Filbert Garage, the parking cost is only $4/hour after it's validated at one of the vendors.My first time visiting Beck's was yesterday and the catfish po boy was so good that I had to come back today. The staff was friendly and accommodating but I have to comment on how impressed I was/am with the young lady that works the dine-in counter. She has a positive, upbeat attitude and she's very attentive. This all seems very natural to her and her warmth (which isn't easy to find in Philly lol) is infectious. Great customer service is not easy to find and she definitely embodies that.
Anyway, the po boy was fantastic and the bread pudding was great. This will definitely be a spot that I stop by regularly during my trips to the terminal!Really nice breakfast po'boy!  We had the andouille with egg and cheese version and it was great with its runny eggs over easy, gooey cheese and spicy sausage.  We were the first customers of the day, so everything was fresh and we had our pick of seats.  Beignets came out piping hot, but just half a sandwich had filled me up so we took them to go.  Definitely try their Devil's Dust, a blend of mild peppers and paprika!First time there while exploring the RTM. They offered us samples and that is absolutely what drew us in- a lot of places don't do that. Gator gumbo was absolutely amazing, picked that over the jambalaya bowl seemed a bit too seasoned. Hello Mac and Cheese balls where have you been all my life?!? Devil dust was great on top of the gumbo. Had a sample of bread pudding which was great but was too full by then. Will be back!The best sandwich I have ever had!
A Po-Boy with fried shrimp. The shrimp was fried perfectly, the sauce was amazing and the pickles were perfectly paired. My dad got a chicken one and enjoyed his, but prefered mine. 
Not a big fan of the cajun fries, but that was mainly because I was so full from the po boy. So much food!
The service was very friendly, and the location is adorable (although crowded)I have walked by Beck's on countless occasions on my trots through Reading Terminal and didn't get a chance to eat there till today when I was on lunch break from jury duty. I was going to get the gumbo everyone seems to give high ratings, but I decided on the catfish po boy, Cajun fries and a fried macaroni & cheese ball.
Before delving in, I've decided that I shouldn't walk in RTM when I'm really hungry like I was today. My lunch was much more than I could handle, but in a good way. The po boy had great flavors, the sauce over the lettuce & tomatoes was divine and the catfish had a nice, crispy crunch. Since I like pretty much everything spicy, I added some Tabasco to give it a great kick. The Cajun fries were so-so, nice flavorings, but more soggy than what I'm used to and the macaroni & cheese ball was only ok. 
The staff behind the counter was extremely friendly and seemed great at making conversation with people that were obviously visiting from out of town. It's always great giving visitors this good impression of Philly! 
So I will probably be back in the future to review the gumbo, which I'll definitely get next time I swing by. And maybe the bread pudding.If one summarised Beck's Cajun Cafe into one word,  it would be delicious! Even though I have to admit that I cannot tell whether Beck's really offers authentic cajun food, I have to say that it tastes fabulous. We sampled two dishes beforehand (an alligator and a rice dish, both very yummy... I prefered the last one due to its spice combination) and selected a meat sandwich called 'Train Wreck PO Boy' and some Cajun Fries (fried potatoe wedges with onions and jalapeños). The sandwich was filled with plenty of moist meat and cheese - it was terrific - and the fries were really good. I would definitely come back again and have another bite :)A solid 4/5. My gf and I got a few dishes to split, the shrimp po boy, gator gumbo, and fried Mac and cheese balls. The po boy tasted amazing, but the bread was too tough. It was hard biting through the sandwich, not sure if that's by design or if the bread was stale 3.5/5. The gator gumbo was phenomenal. All the Cajun seasoning with the mix of rice and sausage was a great side. We got a small cup to share and that was a good amount. It's super rich so it's better to enjoy less of it. My gf and I were split on the fried Mac and cheese balls. I thought it could be perfect with a few tweaks. Her ball was cold so she didn't enjoy it as much as me. If the balls were slightly smaller I think they would be better. They're pretty huge. Overall, with a few tweaks this place would be a perfect 5/5.In Philly for a week at a conference.  After finding Beck's we go straight there each day.  The food is great!  I've had the gumbo, etouffee, and jambalaya.  All are super good, and don't skip the corn bread.  Prices are average to below average for the reading terminal market.  But super good food. If you're visiting and have to choose between an cheese steak or Beck's, don't even think about it choose Beck's!Trainwreck is an amazing sandwich. I always get it. Meaty and gooey. Basically a Louisiana cheesesteak kicked up! The muffulettas look delicious and huge, gotta get one sometime. I come here every time I'm in Philly.We ordered the chicken and shrimp gumbo over rice, the cold shrimp and crawfish pasta salad, and the cajun fries. All of it was delicious! The woman who served us was very helpful and she let us try anything we were interested in. They are a definite must try!The train wreck po' boy is the Cajun/Creole version of a Philly cheese steak and did not disappoint!
The beignets were delicious although no beignets outside of NOLA ever live completely up to my high expectations.Jambalaya was very very tasty! Was super excited about that. Wish I had tried a few other items. Can't wait to go back on my next visit to Philly. The help was very friendly as well.This place was so tasty that I had to visit it twice in my 4-day Philly experience.
I had the shrimp po boy, and ya'll, it was SOOOO good. What really makes the sandwich is the creole mayo and the sliced pickles that come with it. 
(I had to ask for extra sauce because it was that good.)
That delicious salty/seasoned shrimp combo will make your mouth water, so be sure to try their delicious homemade lemonade! 
Beck's will now always be apart of my Philly adventures. Can't wait to visit you all again!There are so many choices at The Reading Terminal. My friend and I were just walking around and saw a decent line at this place. We got the chicken gumbo over jimbayla rice and it was amazing. The spice was perfect and had a sizzling flavor in your mouth. The only downside is that the bowl is sort of small so it didn't really fill me up.Within the maze of shops in Reading Terminal Market is this great little place! I got the Jambalaya bowl which was pretty tasty with chicken, sausage and shrimp. However it wasn't quite warm enough from the heater. My boyfriend got their shrimp platter, which comes with corn bread, a good amount of fried shrimp and also Cajun fries (which are home fry style). Of course I had to sample everything and I loved it! The shrimp was well battered, fresh and crispy. The corn bread was light and fluffy. Cajun fries were amazing. Can't wait to go back and try other things!Despite always trying delicious samples from this place, I have never actually made a purchase. My fiance loves their food and suggested we give it a try. Everything we sampled was tasty, but we decided on a shrimp po-boy. I'm sad to say that despite the delicious samples, the sandwich was downright terrible. While the shrimp themselves were tasty, there weren't enough of them so I was left with a big hunk of terrible bread, lettuce, pickles, and some bad tomatoes. We asked for the cajun mayo on the side, but they instead just omitted it completely. The roll was some of the worst bread I've had, particularly because Philly has such good bread options! I would definitely go back there, but never get a po-boy again. Next time I will opt for the jambalaya, gator gumbo, or blackened chicken alfredo. 5 stars based on the samples, 1.5 based on the po-boy. Guess you never know until you try!Beck's Cajun Café is, what some might say, the "cat's pajamas" or the "bee's knees" , if you will. Our server Margaret was also pretty awesome! Me and my buddies tried the famous "Trainwreck" and enjoyed every bit of it. Also the shrimp and crawfish pasta salad is A++. I would recommend this place to people in a heart beat. Great food, great service, great eatery.i got jambalaya, baked pasta alfredo, and some cold pasta salad.
while they all appeared to be very appetizing dishes behind the glass, they all were terribly salty. the latter two dishes were also excessively creamy. pasta alfredo i understand, but the pasta salad had no excuse.
if i hadn't been famished, i don't think i would have been able to stomach it all. i might return to try out other dishes and pair the jambalaya with cornbread or rice and beans to temper the saltiness.Accept the offered free sample. Pick whatever, and you will not regret it. 
Beck's is my top choice in RTM. period. The Jambalaya is very tasty, and has a slight heat to it. The Fried Mac & Cheese is another standout- crispy breaded outside layer and creamy goodness center that is well seasoned. Most importantly, you must get the grilled cornbread! 
Beignets are available on Wednesdays and Sundays (sadly, not everyday), and they are delicious! Good size portion, fresh fried, and topped with powder sugar that melts with every bite!I've been to New Orleans, and I have to tell you. Beck ' s Cajun Cafe is just as good. Their Mufaletta (sp) is exceptional (just as good as the real thing in NO), and their bread pudding is the best I've ever had. If you want great Cajun food (though, their Po Boy could be a bit better) then you can't go wrong with this place.I met a friend for lunch and we wanted to try something different - ya know not the same old stuff.  So we decided on Beck's Cajun cafe.   What a good choice of places to eat.  Although we're not familiar with Cajun food, we were willing to experiment.  I had the Gator Gumbo ~ it was out of this world, it was so delicious and tasty.  The chef was very accommodating and was explaining the different dishes and what was in them.  For a sweet ending I had the Bread pudding with a whiskey sauce. I love bread pudding, but it is very hard to find someone who really knows how to make it good.  I must say Becks is the BEST I ever had.  I loved it so much I ordered it for home for a family dinner I was having.  It was a very good experience and I now frequent Beck at least once a week.We went here because we heard the fried Mac n cheese balls were good. This is true, they're good, but not great. No better than any and not as good as The Cheesecake Factory. The fried Mac n cheese balls seem less about Southern cooking and more about having a gimmicky item that's done half well on the menu to bring in more clientele in the bustling Mecca of food that is Reading Terminal Market.
I would give 3/4 stars, but the girl helping us was so so so so so rude. To the point where I wish we just walked away. I'm so sorry for the business owner because I can't even imagine how much business they must lose based solely on this employees rudeness. Didn't catch a name, heavy set girl with bad skin. 
Will never be back and will send friends elsewhere, what a nasty girlThe food here was awesome! I had the shrimp Po Boy and the hubby had the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo!! Mine was recommended by our waitress!! My hubby's was picked due to sample testing!!! The fried mac and cheese was great too! 1 word fornthis spot DELISH! We highly recommend this gem in the reading terminal!Very tasty food. Terrible for you, but tasty. Got a breakfast po boy with sausage, which was huge and delicious, very cheesy.  Then came back and got the train wreck po boy, which was a great, big meat  man-style sandwich.   My arteries may not like it, but the rest of me did.I visited with a groupon, two year old in tow. The waitress was nice enough to let me bring outside food for him to eat, since I figured everything at Beck's was probably too spicy.  
They were out of everything gator, which my boyfriend was disappointed about. We both got the shrimp po boys which were yummy. He also ordered fries, which came out scalding hot. Like McDonald's hot coffee lawsuit hot. The cornbread was so sweet, it was more like corn cake.
The service was pretty slow, so I'd opt out of eating at the counter, but would get take out in the future.Wickedly good fried oyster po-boys. Maybe I am a nontraditionalist but I like mine without the creole mayo and pickles. I get some cocktail sauce from a fish vendor a few aisles away and then I am set. 
Insiders tip: Beck's also has some really good sweet potato fries but you have to ask for them because they are not on the menu...yet!We had the best Gator gumbo ever... even better than a reknowned local restaurant (to us).  The "fries" were so tasty and complimented our meal perfectly.  I won't even get into their sweet cornbread!  NO BUTTER NEEDED!!!  Thank you... we will be making the trek at least once a month to come have lunch or dinner with you folks!This review is based upon one great sandwich experience: the Train Wreck.  Came hungry, left very satisfied.It's soo hard and overwhelming looking for a place to eat at Reading Terminal Market, but look no farther! This Cajun food will set you right! It's delicious and reminds me of the food from New Orleans. This is a must try!   
The spicy bold flavors are just right and don't pass up on the corn bread.. It's delicious! I never though alligator would taste soo good. I has the gator sausage po boy and their steak sandwich with a side corn bread.. Cuz I had to taste it! It was bangin! 
We sat at the counter and the service was simple and fast and the lady behind the counter was very nice and attentive. 
All in all.. A+We were very impressed by the gator gumbo!  The flavor was just right and they give you a good amount of chopped up gator sausage (tastes like chicken =p). Unfortunately we were too full to try anything else, but would've loved to try their pasta and po boys. The staff is very friendly and gives you samples. We're already talking about coming back soon =].Andouille Egg and Cheese and a decent cup of coffee.  Under $7.
A worthy breakfast.  
Consistently friendliest peeps in the RTM and good simple food.  
As silly as it sounds each time I'm there I wanna book a trip to NOLA...The bread pudding, oh the bread pudding.  This was seriously the best bread pudding I've ever had.  I'm not a big dessert eater, but I could eat this all the time...if I wouldn't gain 20 pounds lol.  I also had the shrimp po boy, which was good.  I've never had a po boy before, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but it was definitely a decent sandwich.So many options here for a Philly cheese steak, somehow I decided to get one here. The wait was short, the food was flavorful and hot. I enjoyed it.This review is only for the bread pudding and cornbread and this was some time ago i visited that I had it but the bread pudding is so good and the bourbon sauce just makes it all the better. Big portion too for a pretty reasonable price, but since I haven't been in some years the price has definitely been raised. The cornbread was so-so.So, I love their food. I had the alligator gumbo during lunch. Be forewarned it's spicy, but very enjoyable nonetheless. Get a piece of cornbread. It's kind of sweet, and if you break it apart and eat it with the gumbo, it'll take away some of the heat.
The people are vey nice despite being very busy. Check it out.Went to Beck's for the first time the other day before making the troop back to Boston. DELICIOUS! Fantastic food and incredible, EXTREMELY friendly servers!
Had my first taste of New Orlean's cooking and I must say I am hooked, Tried the Alligator Sausage Po-Boy with a side of fries. The food came quick, servers were very friendly and helpful.
Definitely a place that I look forward to checking out againI love Beck's Cajun Cafe and today's $9.95 for 3 items special was a no-brainer for me as I didn't care to cook for myself tonight. Delicious jambalaya, crab and shrimp etoufee over white rice, and gator sausage on a stick... the jambalaya was PERFECT today... all of the meats were so moist and tender and spicy and yummy... God, this stuff really pleases my tummy!Wow! I am from New Orleans and this place is the Real Deal. The Gumbo is perhaps some of the best I've ever had, and the Fried Shrimp Po-Boy is incredible. Also, the Bread Pudding is outstanding. 
Authentic and delicious!
I will be back!I like this place...simple good food with a cajun flair. I especially love the jambalaya...I wish they had fresh cornbread instead of what they are selling now.Horrible food. If you think microwave hotdogs are a great meal, then please, come here. I had three items: mushroom soup, shrimp/crawfish étouffée and cornbread. Well, the mushroom soup consisted only of cornstarch and celery; no mushrooms could be found. Plus the whole thing was sticky and viscous. The étouffée has precious little seafood, no spiciness, and full of sugar (why the heck do you put sugar in savory items? Don't you know how unhealthy sugar is??). The cornbread was squishy, slimy concoction and this was just full of sugar. Again, what kind of thoughtless person who wants us to be sick sticks breads full of sugar??Standing in line is a great way to work up an appetite. You wait and wait and you are already hungry to begin with. As the minutes go by, you just get hungrier. You inch forward and Beck's Cajun Cafe stares back at you.
Yup, you guessed it. I was in line for Tommy DiNic's. I saw Beck's baseball sized breaded fried goodness. I thought they were arancini balls. Closer, I realized they were fried mac n cheese balls and Cajun. Even better, I had to try it.
The mac n cheese balls come two to an order. They come with a marinara sauce to cut the dryness. I actually think the mac n cheese balls are really good even though they could use more of a kick and hot sauce, perhaps. It's pretty rich and heavy so sharing is suggested.
Definitely a good snack and a must if you're waiting next door for food.My first time to eat Beck food and it was totally cajun. I had ordered the gumbo, jambalaya bowl and shrimp and crawfish pasta. The jambalaya is really spicy and had to counter it with the pasta. It was so good I just had to bring some home to NYC.Wonderful customer service.  Always offering free samples so you can try it.  I had the Alligator gumbo, jambalya, alligator po-boy, and some tasty dessert I don't remember the name that was basically a fried dough pastry with white powder sugar.  Not too bad!  I like my spices and I thought that the food, being Cajun food, did not have enough spice to it.  Either way, I've been there quite a few times and I'll be back for the Gator gumbo.went last week after so many times telling myself if i ever get something besides dinic's it would be a po boy and I finally pulled the trigger. So glad i did too. Came with spicy remoulade that went perfectly with the oysters. Corn bread was sweat, soft, and a great side. gotta try the seafood pasta salad next.Oh man that gator gumbo. Maybe they've gotten better, maybe I didn't know what I was talking about then, maybe I'm wrong now. Who knows? But I've been won over. Warming, comforting, slightly spiced, tender gator, I swear I remember shrimp too, all over rice. It was so good. We tried a few of their other dishes but this was the star.This is probably one of the best places to visit in Philly ! The Reading Terminal Market is an event! We were not ready for all the choices . We walked past this restaurant and couldn't help but stop because it was packed and the menu was just unbelievably good. 
We decided to split a meal and we ordered the shrimp Po boy with potatoes. The sandwich was a good nice to share with lots of shrimp and it was a sweet but hot sauce on it. It came with potatoes with peppers. The meal was amazing and if you check in you get a discount that they honor! 
We ordered and then went to sit down and you pay afterwards. There was a bar you can sit at but it is first come first serve.
There are plenty of options in the market but this one had a great menu and was available for us to sit at the bar. 
The ladies working were super nice and very funny. They were all different but spoke to us as if we were all their customers !I love Beck's Cajun Café!  I love this place so much that I had my husband change our early morning flight to an afternoon flight so I could eat my favorite sandwich one more time before leaving Philly! While visiting the city earlier in the year I knew I wanted to try some of Philadelphia's favorites - the cheese steak and a pretzel!  I was given a recommendation of another restaurant in Reading Terminal but once I came across Beck's I knew I wanted to try the Train Wreck Po' Boy.  It did not disappoint!  It is an amazing sandwich packed full of chopped steak, salami, andouille sausage, onions, and melted cheese!  Sooo good!  I can't wait for our next trip to Philly and to Beck's!walking around at the Reading Terminal market, deciding what to have for my meal of the day! then I saw a sign, "best voted philadelphia" n it was said, the best sandwich (po boy) so I gave it a try! I picked the fried oyster sandwich! It was good! the mixed pickles and the creole mayo complement each other! the one thing I'm complaining about, it was messy! I probably used 5-6 napkins! but I wouldn't just stop for just the sandwich. I will definitely come back again, n probably I will try the platter, n probably if they could give me the creole mayo on the side! that way, it would be less messy! :)While being in the RTM and trying not to be annoyed by the crush of people and well, the crush of people while trying to find something to eat I just kind of 'settled' on Beck's because they handing out samples of gumbo and it was all right. However, they did have Gator gumbo which is what I decided on. While i was paying I saw this pretty damn good looking sandwich and wished I knew that the option that was the Train Wreck po'boy existed before I made that decision. 
The gumbo was pretty good, I thought it was a little on the milder side but still pretty tasty and it wasn't just a big bowl of rice and just a little bit of of gumbo. Not bad!This was my first time at Reading Terminal and I am so glad I picked Beck's. I've never had gumbo or jambalaya before, and both blew my socks off. Admittedly, I was feeling overwhelmed by all the possible lunch choices, but the staff at Beck's stopped me with samples. Who can resist? I am so glad they did.
I may not have past experiences to compare, but the chicken and andouille gumbo was bold, hearty, full of meat, and had a nice kick to it. It is the perfect comfort food for a cold rainy day.
I asked for a sample of the gator gumbo, and it tasted just like the chicken gumbo, except that gator meat has an interesting taste. It's definitely tender, and it doesn't taste like something you haven't eaten before. The texture reminded me of the chicken, but not as stringy (not saying that the chicken was dry, but you know how chicken shreds).
Lastly, you must get the corn bread. It was moist and delicious; big contender for the best corn bread I've had. It's not as grainy as most, and almost has the texture of pound cake, but not as dense.
I wish I had more room in my stomach to try the po'boys and other things they serve, but I needed to try out the other food places in the market. This gives me another reason to return to Philly.This was a terrible experience. First off, be aware that you will not be allowed to sit at their counter unless you sit down first and order from the counter. If you have ordered your food from the line, you can't sit down to eat. Even if you have a small child with you, who you also bought an order for. This is not made clear beforehand in any way - they just shoo you if you sit down. So we had the fried Mac and cheese and the crawfish etoufee. The Mac and cheese is doughy, greasy and bland. My 7 year old is a huge Mac and cheese (and fried foods) fan. He tasted it, made a face and just picked at it. I didn't like it either. The crawfish etoufee was lukewarm and tasteless. There was very little crawfish in it - it was almost completely just rice plus a bland, gummy gravy. I didn't finish my meal either. It is lucky that we were able to go to Bassett's for double scoops of ice cream after, or we would have gone hungry. It is tragic that they call themselves Cajun/Creole food, as anyone from New Orleans would not agree. And their rude service does not enliven the meal. Don't waste your time or money - skip this one.One of my go-to joints @ Reading Terminal and with good reason. The food is good, the people are really nice and for the love of god try a piece of the grilled corn bread. That buttery crust is probably the photo next to the definition of "culinary perfection".  
Now, to catch one of their beigenet days when they aren't sold out....Everything I have had at this place has been well made and tasted great. Service is attentive and solid, and they operate well in the fast paced environment of the terminal market. 
Especially enjoy their breakfast options and the chicken po boy and fries. My wife has had the gator on a stick and snapper soup from here and enjoyed both so they do it all well. Great place!Woo wee!  The zippy andouille in Beck's gumbo made my mouth sing!  Each bite had a perfect combination of spice and heat, zesty enough to make this pepper lover happy without overwhelming the more timid palate of my dining partner.
The staff offered tastes of many of their dishes, but enticing as they looked, we couldn't eat another bite.
Eating at the counter was fun.  We even snagged a couple of seats at the counter during the lunch rush on Veteran's day.  So, don't let the crowds scare you away.
If I lived in Philly, I'm sure I'd stop by Beck's once a week.Came for the gator gumbo with jambalaya rice and bread pudding, left without words to describe how good it was.