Best donut I've ever had and the line moves pretty quick. I'm never going back to Dunkin' Donuts ever again. Can't wait to check out the new location on university city. My personal fave is the blueberry fritter and the strawberry glazed. Can't beat that fresh strawberry filling.We were in Reading Terminal Market and saw the line which got our attention. We got 6 different donuts and was utterly underwhelmed.  I thought the icings and fillings were decent but the dough just wasn't that good to me - I thought it was too dry.  I prefer the donuts at Federal Donuts and Dough (NY).Was referred to Beiler's by my Lyft driver when asking who has the best donuts in town. I was thoroughly impressed. Went to the Terminal Market for shopping and lunch and then stopped by for dessert. Got a half-dozen to take home. I loved the peanut butter jelly donut, the apple fritter and the maple bacon. All were fresh and delicious. I'll more than likely get some every weekend I'm at the market. Thanks for the delicious yummy donuts!! See ya soon!Amazing is the only way I know how to describe these little bits of heaven...oh wait, I just described them another way. There is nothing like a fresh, peanut butter cream filled, chocolate covered donut, and they take the cake. stand right there and watch them make them, it doesn't get any fresher.Amazing Donuts. Knowing they are made fresh on premises makes them even better. Watching them getting made is fun while you wait. The selection is huge and everything looks and tastes amazing.Amazing, just superb. Waiting in line here is like the last week before Christmas, feels like it goes on forever when all you want is that sweet payoff! Unlike that reindeer and snowman sweater your grandmom gave you for Christmas, this is the winner every time. The blueberry, ahhhhh!! The apple choices, amaaazing, the key lime was spectacular, the Oreo-- wife's fav is something to dream about. And just like Christmas it's all gone before you know it and the waiting begins, only I don't have to wait till December!!So I was in Reading Terminal Market....wandering around aimlessly when I saw an Amish bakery.  I ordered the shoofly and pumpkin pie and then headed off to NY to visit my pops, bro and my Hannibal.  Shoofly pie was ok for shoofly pie I guess.  Not overly sweet like everyone said it would be.  I'm not a fan of sweet sweet.  I guess if shoofly pie was good it would be sold everywhere but it isn't. Now pumpkin pie I am an expert in so I buy in everywhere.  I wasn't impressed.  My homemade pumpkin is better and I'm not a fan of my own.   I haven't had a really good pumpking pie in a long time however.  : (Stopped by Reading Market and tried Beiler's donut.  Wow best donutes I've ever had.  Made my taste buds to back flips, jumping jacks and cartwheels.  I'm not a big donut guy but these ones were great.  Had the Oreo creams filled the creme filled and the powder donut.  The texture of the donuts is perfectly made and is a dynamite of goodness exploding in your mouthWas so surprised with the long queue, but it was worth the wait. Amazing varieties...delicious yummy donuts!The donuts are thee best. However, I didn't care to much for the apple cider donut. It taste bland a and not a hint of cider. My children loved the M&m and S'mores. The fruity pebbles was a eye catching, when people noticed it in my box. My favorite is the glazed.I've been to Reading Terminal many times, but for some reason, I'd never seen this place until yesterday. OMG! Absolutely amazing donuts... and they're super cheap! I had the sea salt & caramel donut and just about died. 
This will definitely be a must-stop place when I visit Reading Terminal in the future.Both the donut shop and the bakery are A1. I normally get the lemon cake and the chocolate donuts. They are the best!I took a bite of my first Beiler's donut just now, and I swear I hear Angels singing! They are simply incredible!Left something to be desired.
We saw the reviews and maybe set our expectations too high. We came in towards the end of the day around 5:30 and ordered 3 donuts. They weren't fresh and hot and were kind of mushy. I was a little let down to be honest which I hate to say about donut places. My advice would be to come in earlier in the day.I just had a key lime donut from this place at a conference. Holy. Fucking. Shit. Balls. 
The donut part is fried (SHOCKER I know) to provide a texture I'm unfamiliar with being from NY. By "from NY" I mean, my donut experience thus far has been exclusive to Dunkin' Donuts. Not that that has anything to do with NY. 
The cream part is light and fluffy but the perfect richness. Less like Boston-creme-custard consistency and more like cupcake icing. The key lime flavor was exquisite. Not too sweet, and tangy without being too tangy. I need more adjectives in my vocabulary to do its description justice. 
It actually made me consider locking myself in my apartment and just eating donuts all day without worrying about my BMI. these donuts actually made that a viable option. Too bad Taco Bell doesn't deliverI'm in love. these donuts are heaven. no other donut compares. salted caramel and glazed.. will be visiting again tommI got some donuts from here recently and this place is awesome!! If you are a fan of donuts, you need to come here. If you are not a fan of donuts, come here and it will change your mind. Easily one of the best places in Reading Terminal, which is saying a lot because it is filled with awesome places. It is run by an Amish family so you know it tastes good. The donuts are different from Fed Nuts but just as good. We got a few classics but my favorite was the Elvis which was a marshmallow filled donuts topped with peanut butter and bacon. 
Definitely save some room for donuts on your trip to Reading but if it is the weekend be prepared for a line because it is one of the most popular places in there but very much worth the waitA.MA.ZING!!!!!!! Best donuts I've ever had! Delicious soooo worth the long line! Plus they are not expensive AT ALL!! Federal Donuts is another well known donut place in Philly, Beiler's is 10 times better than Federal!!  
Beiler's donuts are worth every single calorie!Love this place for donuts! Haven't had a Beiler's donut I don't like! The line tends to be very long but it does move quickly. Definitely worth checking out!I am a huge donut fan and immediately seek out donuts in every place I visit so of course had to try out the infamous Beilers. The line was long but moved very fast.  I loved the friendly service and appreciate that they don't make you feel rushed when selecting your donuts. 
Overall these are beautiful hand cut old fashioned donuts that come in both cake and yeasts variety. There is something for everyone here! Some of the filled ones we tried were almost too decedent and sweet but that could be personal preference. My favorite were the simple chocolate glazed and the pumpkin cake donut was delicious as well. 
 A wonderful treat for cheat day and definitely worlds above any of those chain places to get donuts!Talk about donut heaven....Bielers has to be one of the best donuts we ever had.  They certainly know what they're doing over here and anyone who visits Philly should make it a priority to stop by.I love Amish Chocolate Chip Cookies... IDK what they do but they make the best cookies ever!   There are so many desserts that look good here.  It is hard to make a choice of what to get! Another reviewer mentione their Carrot Cake which I will have to try next time! I love Carrot Cake!OMG!  These are the best donuts ever!  These donuts truly melt in your mouth.  They have ample filling inside that make it through the entire donut! (You know what I mean!)You will have to wait in line, but it moves quickly and it is ever so worth it!  I have never tasted a donut so good!  My fav - the classic cream donut!Next time I'm in Pennsylvania I'm taking a tour of the Amish territory so I can try to figure out what they are doing to make everything taste so good.  I could spend a week in Philly working my way down the shelves in the display cases, sampling all of the generously portioned goodies.  I highly recommend the breads - particularly pumpkin and ginger.  There is no better bakery as far as I'm concerned.  Nom nom nom nom nom!I bet the Amish totally pour their frustrations with sex and inability to own an iPhone into their baked goods because man, their pastries just ooze sin.
Like the chocolate and pumpkin whoopie pies that are sweet, soft, and plump, and squirt white goo when you squeeze them too hard. Mmm....Definitely don't mind putting this in my mouth.
Cookies are also warm and tender, like a prostitute with a heart of gold. I am so glad I don't live in Philly because I'd probably bankrupt myself on this sin--I mean, stuff.After spending some time in Philly, I've become quite addicted to the cheesesteak and other sandwiches that involve delicious, fluffy, yummy, bread rolls.  Unfortunately, living in CC, it's almost impossible to find a place that sells decent rolls in the city.  Note: PLEASE CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG!! I would love to buy rolls close to Penn Center (and no, I don't have a car so the Italian market isn't that convenient for me).  Low and behold, after some Googling, I found out that Beiler's in Reading Terminal might have the answer.  I showed up at 5:15 PM after my haircut at Kevin's Salon (I'll save that review for another day), and they were packing up.  Incredibly enough, they still had a line.  When it was my turn, I asked the gentleman behind the counter for sandwich rolls.  I was offered several different kinds, including buns, baguettes, and traditional club rolls.  Everything cost $2!  I picked up the club rolls for the sausage sandwiches that I had in mind and promptly returned home to get my cook on.  The results: ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS.  Almost as good as Amoroso's.  In a pinch for 2 bucks? DONE.  I highly recommend.The donuts are the bomb!  The line was long but moved fast.  Worth the wait.This is a great place to go for a quick donut treat. They make these by hand right in front of you and they are among the best I have tasted. I limit my five star ratings to the best.
When we went you could share on social media any photo of anything in their store for a free donut if one is all you want.
My wife and I returned here during our stay for a second round!Superb doughnuts.  They're not as light as Krispy Kreme, but they're not as heavy as a Dunkin Donut if I have to compare it to a national chain for a reference.  What makes these doughnuts great are their fillings and flavors, especially anything with apples in it. 
Any of their flavor topped doughnuts has that flavored cream in it.  Example, Key Lime.  Light and fluffly key lime flavored cream injected inside as well as topped.  It's not overly sweet and heavy.  You can taste the tart and sourness from the key lime juice.  The inside of the doughnut is nicely filled.  I'm not talking about just a little bit of cream on the inside, but perhaps almost half of the interior is filled, which is worth its price and time (long lines upwards of waiting 20 minutes can occur because they're that good).  But I'm going to talk about the real winners here and the reason why I'll be a repeat customer.  Apple filling.
I've tried their Caramel Apple, -something else- Apple, and Apple Fritter and dayum, so good.  The apple filling is what makes all these stars.  Huge stars.  Suns.  Yes.  The fresh diced apples is what puts the apple filling over the top.  It's sweet; it has a soft bite; there's a hint of cinnamon.  It's so good.  The caramel icing was rich and deep like how a caramel should be.  The fritter was soft, flakey, and not overly greasy.  
If there's anything to try here, it's any doughnut with the word, "Apple" in it.  Honestly, it can't go wrong.I cannot describe how good these doughnuts are but I will say they are a must every time I am in Philly.   My favorite is the maple bacon with salted caramel coming in at a close second.    Sometimes it is hard to choose at reading market but you can't lose with these delicious doughnutsBeiler's makes donuts with a lot of different fillings and flavors. My friends and I got a dozen of them to try multiple flavors. My favorite of the ones we got were the Elvis donut, Apple Fritter, and the PB&J donuts. The dough at Beiler's is extremely soft, but a little too wet in my opinion. Also, most of the cream used is a whipped, fluffy cream while I prefer a more custard type cream. Their jelly is very good, so any donut containing their jelly is likely to be excellent. I didn't enjoy their fruity pebbles donut, as I thought the chocolate and cereal didn't go well together. 
I like how you can watch them make the donuts while you're in the long line. Prices aren't too bad either at $11 a dozen. Worth a try in Reading Terminal Market!These fresh, soft donuts are the best anywhere!
There's over two dozen different flavors to try like Oreo Creme, Strawberry Creme and Key Lime as well as the standard glazed and chocolate donuts.
The line tends to wax and wane depending on the crowds, but it moves fast and you get to watch them cut the dough, fry it, and fill them while you wait.
Lots of my East Coast friends have been swooning over Dunkin' Donuts moving out to California. But in my opinion, I will never eat another Dunkin' Donut as long as Beiler's is here.Just to put it into perspective, I am a bagel girl all the way...but after reading these reviews about hot piping doughnuts next to my hotel, I couldn't resist!...and thanks yelp, these donuts were heaven!
Definitely get the BOSTON CREAM PIE-SOOO soft and pillowy topped with gooey hot fudge and generous amount of soft cream inside. 
The APPLE FRITTER was one of the best ice ever had! Not too apple-y, tons of cinnamon sugar goodness. LOVED!
The chocolate glazed cake doughnut was really nothing special and the plain glazed wasn't either, so I wouldn't waste stomach space people!
I may come back tomorrow. Not kidding. I am going to get real fat with this place so close by.Unless this is the first review you've read for Beiler's you've already heard this -- but they really are the BEST doughnuts in the world. 
Sweet without being toothache-inducing, rich without being too dense, these flavor packed treats have the perfect balance of dough/cake to filling/topping. They are handmade, fresh, served warm, and cheap. 
You cannot go wrong with any variety but the fritters and the strawberry glazed are the must-tries in my personal opinion. At peak times, there is a line, but it generally moves fast and everyone is in a good mood because they know they're about to get awesome doughnuts.Delicious donut place in Reading!!! My friend recently came to visit Philly and this was a must. We decided to have donuts for dessert after a lunch haha. We ordered 6 donuts for three people, and it was less than $6 for all 6 donuts. Definitely a wallet friendly place for great donuts.
We tried the blueberry fritter, the pumpkin creme, the pumpkin cake, and blueberry creme donuts. Loved the pumpkin flavors for their seasonal donuts. The pumpkin cake was soft and moist. The pumpkin creme had delicious pumpkin cream on top and pumpkin cream in the middle of the donut. It was a bit cream heavy for my own taste, but the cream was rich in pumpkin flavor. The blueberry fritter was so big...I couldn't finish it on my own. This is a must get for blueberry lovers. The blueberry creme was great too! Loving the flavors of each donut at this place. Each donut really is a delight, and I can't wait come back to try more!Wow what can we say - the donut line was 100 people deep - and the wait was worth it.  The donuts have to be eaten fresh- dough was so good and the fillings absolutely plentifully done and delicious.  Best donut I have had in a long time.  Had the peanut butter cream, maple bacon, and the vanilla cream - if I lived here I would eat them every day.Inside the famous Reading Terminal Market. Beiler's Bakery has the best donuts in Philly. Fresh rolled and baked daily. Tons of flavors from traditional glazed and cake to double chocolate cake with sprinkles. Our fav is the blueberry cake.... So GOOD! Very inexpensive with a half dozen for $6 & a dozen for $10. They also have coffee and milk to help wash down all of that deliciousness. Makes for a nice treat for your office or a treat for yourself during your commute. 
During the weekday mornings the lines are usually manageable but during the weekend the lines get crazy. If you have time it's worth the wait. It's defiantly a spot to try and a must for visitors. 
Calories don't count. ;) Enjoy!By far the best donuts I have ever tasted. They make the donuts in front of you. The line is long, but the servers are very quick, you'll get to order basically as soon as you decide what kind you need to try. I need to come her every year!These guys make the best doughnuts you'll ever have in your life.  Imagine if you had an Amish extended family and they spent a day making you delicious fresh homemade doughnuts.  That's what this place is like.
They make yeast doughnuts - they might have had cake doughnuts too, but I only tried their yeast ones.  And they simply make you realize that the ones you've had at Dunkin Donuts your whole life are just cheap processed imitations of what doughnuts are actually supposed to taste like.
Trust me, the line is well worth it.  Get yourself an apple fritter and thank me later.The options are endless. Everyone of these donuts looks to die for and j just want to try each on. I got the maple bacon, maple brown sugar, jelly filled, chocolate frosting, fruity pebbles, and apple pie. Of all of them the jelly filled was my absolute favorite. The donut was soft and warm and the perfect amount of jelly didn't over power the donut but enhance the donut eating experience. I try every donut place I can when I can and this has topped all other donuts I've ever had.The donuts are amazing! They are fresh made and perfectly puffy. They have a variety of flavors and toppings that are sure to please everyone. The icing on the donuts is so light and airy and in addition to the dough, make the donut taste not as heavy as a typical donut.Best donut ever, bar none. The texture is what does it. Perfect combination of soft and flaky. Get any yeast donut with cream filling, especially the peanut butter.
Don't bother with the cake donut. If you want a cake donut, go to federal, but even federal can't top the yeast donuts here.I LOVE donuts and I don't discriminate - cheap, overpriced, whatever the case may be, I will give it a try. If people rave about them, I have to try them. Beiler's donuts are best for their overall value. They actually taste good, they're fresh, and they're not sold for $5 a piece so you can eat as much as you want without going broke, and you can feel better about being a fatty by getting a lot more for sharing! 
Since I was sharing with my diabetic husband and we had to eat the donuts within a day, it was tough only trying a few. We both have different preferences when it comes to flavors so I can safely say we got to try a good range. Cake, dough, chocolatey, fruity, plain and filled, there was honestly not a flavor I disliked. I'm partial to banana pudding, so my fave was their banana cream. You can taste the actual bananas in the filling! The only disappointing part about this visit was that both days I stopped by, they were out of the blueberry fritters everyone was raving about and the wait for a fresh batch was over 2 hours. Sad life. 
Next time we're in Philly, this place will be one of our first stops and I'm grabbing a dozen. Maybe I'll share, maybe I won't.One word.... INCREDIBLE!!! This place has the most amazing pies, pastries, breads, and cinnamon rolls you can imagine. I stumbled on this place while wandering the Reading Terminal market and what a hidden gem!!! The smells of the freshly baking breads and rolls was intoxicating. As a baker myself I am always looking for that fresh homemade taste and man did this place deliver. Their pies are made with real fresh fruit, and I highly recommend the sugar free pies as they are sweet all from the fruit!! For a great morning treat the unfrosted cinnamon rolls are a must!!! Just be sure to eat up these treats quickly as they don't have any preservatives and will turn on you. Can't wait to go back to Philly and try some more or their breads- only wish they shipped so I could enjoy them in AZ!!!Amazing donuts!!! The chocolate mousse one was especially delicious. A must stop if in reading terminal market!This place was on par with my hometown favorite the types of donuts offered were a great variety and the line was delt with at a good pace. Overall I would say definitely make a stop here for their filled donuts are great.While I was waiting in line a lady told me that she buys one of their donuts everyday.  I thought she was a bit crazy until I sunk my teeth into one.  It was the best doughnut I've ever eaten...seriously, ever.  I can't believe it was only $.90.  The next time I go, I am definitely buying a full dozen!!I seriously didn't think there could be doughnuts better than Donut Plant in NYC & Peter Pan in Brooklyn but Beiler's has won me over. We had the caramel apple, banana cream, boston cream, peanut butter chocolate and the double chocolate and each were amazing and utterly delicious. A must have while in Philly! Don't forget to take some home too, if you have enough self control not to eat them all first LOL oh and too boot, they are $9.95 for a dozen!!!!Dream cream. Delicious! The dough on these donuts is light and crispy. Six donuts for six dollars can't be beat, especially when they taste like this!  They are so rich you can cut them in half or even quarters for trying even more variety and still be satisfied. I will probably book hotels near Reading Market on future trips to Philly just to facilitate more Beiler's breakfasts.Super sweet and soft cream filled donuts. Tried the Dream and the Elvis. Both were tasty, but a little too intense. The cake donuts are a little more traditional. They're good, but nothing special. Tried the blueberry cake donut. It was okay.Reading terminal market is crowded.  Beiler's bakery has like the longest line for these really really good donuts.  You have to wait like 45- q hours for being these.   They have all sorts of donuts and they are freshly made.  We got 3 dozens for $29.  Just have to get them.  Who doesn't like donuts.I am not a donut eater but OMG I CAN'T STOP EATING THESE DONUTS! Picked up half a dozen -nice and hot blueberry fritter, Boston creme,  2 maple bacon  and 2 original glazed. Took them home to VA to eat. I immediately regret only getting 6...... planning my trip back. The texture is unique and reminded me of a soft melt in your mouth cake, it's more savory than sweet but still sweet, I will only eat donuts from here!Fresh homemade doughnuts with lots of options! 
They are different from Krispy Kreme doughnuts! 
Beiler's Bakery is better than Krispy Kreme doughnuts because they are homemade doughnuts and offer unique flavors.  I really enjoyed Beiler's apple filled doughnut, Boston creme, double cream (quite popular),  strawberry filled was ok, sea salt caramel was very unique and tasty!  You will need lots of water because they are rich in flavor.Anything with cream is my favorite.  You can buy these donuts on grub hub, too.  I had them delivered to Penn.  I could eat 6 of these donuts in a row.  You'll be shocked at how fresh and chewy the dough is and then that cream filling hits you and your sweet tooth starts doing backflips.  Seasonal donuts like rhubarb etc. are a fun addition for the natives who keep coming back for more.  Why can't they open more shops?  *Hint* *Hint* FAIRMOUNT!Donuts are insane. Please don't tell me how bad that apple fritter is for me because it is everything to me.
Never thought I would say it, but they give Frangelli's a run for their money.Donuts were awesome! I had the apple caramel and the strawberry filled. The dough was fluffy. I would love to come back and try more of their interesting list!These donuts and the lines speak for themselves.  Hands down best donuts you will ever eat, even if you don't care for sweets.  Reading Terminal is close to my office and apartment so I take coworkers, colleagues and out of town guests to Beilers every chance I get and everyone's reaction has been the same!
Unbelievable experience, selection, prices and service.  This is really a one of a kind gem!The BEST donuts in the city. The line is very long and for a reason! The service is good and the product is even better ! The easiest was to validate parking ... purchase a dozen donuts!Wow! I don't love donuts, but the donuts we had with the fillings were delicious! Don't waste your time with the basic donuts like the regular glazed. Instead get ones like the caramel apple or the chocolate peanut butter where you get a truly decadent donut with delicious glaze and dough with the filling to bring things over the top. Also the blueberry fritter was great! Especially with their low pricing, I'm glad I don't live nearby! Would highly recommend!Echoing the other people that have reviewed this place, this is simply one of the best donut places ever, if not the best in Philly. Expect a long line that moves unexpectedly fast especially on weekends and later in the day. The selection is astounding and you're sure to find a flavor combo of your choosing. The overall favorites among my friends are the blueberry and apple fritters, though you really can't go wrong here. Not to mention that it's less than $1/donut and you can order a bunch for a discount. Might as well order two of your favorite to save for later. Haven't tried the other bakery items but I have no doubt they're equally tasty and fresh.It took me a while to try Beiler's. I am a regular at Reading Terminal, but for some reason these donuts just never *looked* that great to me. I had the opportunity to try them for free when they showed up as a treat in my office. Let's just say, kiddos, remember to never judge a book by its cover!
These donuts are fantastic. Seriously, they are so good. I love that Beiler's carries both yeast and cake donuts, and in such great variety. My hands down favorite is the apple fritter, with the blueberry fritter in very close second. These babies are somehow both fluffy and chewy, with just the right amount of glaze, lush with chunks of apple and cinnamon swirl. If you get there when Beiler's is just opening (8am most days), you might be able to get one still warm off of the cooling rack! You will need to find a seat before you start eating it, lest you faint from bliss.
Beiler's is a great option for a unique treat to bring to friends or to the office, and cheaper than other "gourmet" donut options (e.g. Federal Donuts at $20 a dozen). A dozen at Beiler's runs under $9, which makes them all the tastier.I currently live in Phoenix, AZ but originally from the Harrisburg area.  In July, I made a return trip to the Keystone state to visit family.  As a kid I loved going to the West Shore Farmer's Market in Camp Hill, PA.  I visit it every time I go home.  Knowing my love for Farmer's Market's, my brother and nephews insisted we drive to Philly to go to the Reading Terminal Market.  WOW...I'm ready to move to Philly!!!  The Market was awesome.  As we ate our way through it, my last stop was Beiler's.  I figured it must be good because the line was long.  I ordered a Peanut Butter filled doughnut.  It was, hands down, the BEST doughnut I have ever had anywhere.  My only regret...just ordering one!  But next time I'm in Philly, I'll be sure to order a dozen - just for me.I think the innocuous looking glazed doughnut I got from here may have been the best doughnut I've ever had in my life. Yes, I would even say that these are better than both Doughnut Plant and Dough doughnuts. They were warm, soft, chewy, and just sweet enough without being too sugary. I could've easily eaten a dozen myself had I not had plans to eat even more food items immediately after my purchase and subsequent devouring of aforementioned product.
My friend also got an apple fritter. I'm not a big fan of apple pastries, but these were also phenomenal. We both agreed that these were far superior to the doughnuts we had tried from Federal Donuts. 
Philly, you are killing me with your amazing food options. Just stop it.This place reminds me of a sweet small Amish bakery I went to when I was younger - freshly baked coffee cake and sweet apple streudel. It was some of the best cakes I've ever had and I thought I'd never taste anything as fresh and homemade again outside of my mother's own baking. I was wrong. Beiler's Bakery proved me wrong. I ordered the Boston Creme donut. And OH MY GOODNESS I love this place!! Each donut is only $0.95 and if I could, I'd order all of them...to share of course. Belier's definitely beats Dunkin Donuts and Krispe Kreme and Mister Donut (in Taiwan..sorry!) by a mile and more. Their donuts are freshly made - crispy on the outside; warm, soft and fluffy on the inside. They have an assortment of flavors, such as Banana Creme, Harvest Apple, Key Line, and Cinnamon Cream Cheese Sticks, Next time, I think I will go for Apple Cider. Or Blueberry Creme. No wait, Mint. Or okay, I'll just get them all. Problem solved.
Flavor and texture is unique, absolutely delicious. Well-worth the price. The line may be decievingly long but the wait is actually not too bad. They serve you quickly because they have a batch of hand rolled donuts coming right after another. An assortment of flavors to keep you coming back again and again - which I will certainly do! Definitely hitting up this place next time.
*NOTE: Cash-only so be prepared!What an amazing gem this place is! Being an owner of a donut shop in Denver, I know donuts pretty well. These guys know what they are doing, that's for sure. Very many options, fresh made by hand and good quality. Very impressed and my diet will have to go on hold while I'm in Philly this week!Best donuts. I wish they had more options without cream or apple jam. Of those two I would choose cream, the apple jam is too sweet for my taste and doesn't contain much apple!somehow we made it in when the line wasn't too long and got our donuts within 10 minutes! we came back as we were leaving just to check it out and the line wrapped around the back of the stand :(
service is quick and very helpful, and very affordable! we got the blueberry fritter, boston creme, and coffee/mocha filled donuts.  they are very sweet, but I don't know what else you would expect from sugar frosted dough.  the cream in the mocha donut did look a little like it had curdled a little bit (the butter was separating), but it tasted fine.  to our surprise, the blueberry fritter was still warm when we purchased it, and it was so good!  5/5 recommendIt was honestly amazing.  Delicious, freshly baked Amish goods.  We bought a shoefly pie, which we froze and saved for later.  We bought chocolate chip cheesecake & pecan pie by the slice.  Both slices are large enough to serve two.  There is something about the fresh cream and butter because it tasted better than anything I've had recently.  We also bought an Apple Brown Betty. Delicious!  Don't be deceived by the lines.  They move quickly.  
Also, I believe they have two places.  One sells just donuts.  The one we went to sells everything.
Lastly, because they are Amish, they are closed Sunday. Stock up and take some for the road!Definitely not as amazing as I'd expected from the hype, but the donuts are still good. Call me pretentious, but I think places like Federal Donuts taste better, even though their flavor varieties aren't as large as Beiler's and may be a bit more frilly for some people's tastes. IMO there's at least two things true: (1) Beiler's is an long-standing establishment with a deserving good reputation for no-frills, tasty donuts, and (2) they've got a legitimately cool display in Reading Terminal Market where you can see people prepping the donuts and stuffing them with icing. The donuts are also cheap and great for picking a bunch of different ones to bring in a box to a party for guests to sample.BLUEBERRY FRITTER, where have you been all my life? So doughy, soft, warm, and sweet all for just 95 cents!!! You need this, trust me. Just don't try to come on Sundays like I have for the past year or you'll be truly disappointed when you see that they aren't open! The line may seem long, especially when you are packed in like sardines inside Reading Terminal Market, but it moves pretty quick and totally worth it.For a taste of Amish baking, and more than 50 varieties of donuts ranging from the Elvis delight with peanut butter cream topped with banana and bacon to maple cream donuts, salted caramel filled with a delectable caramel cream, and apple fritters - there is something sweet and filling for every taste bud. Voted one of Fodor 's 20 best desserts in the nation, these $.95 donuts are a must when visiting Reading Terminal. The best donuts I have ever had, and will never forget. Most of the cream topped donuts are glazed...or drizzled with glaze. Absolutely sinful, absolutely perfect.Not sure what they hype is with this bakery.  We ordered the glazed donut and it was awful, tasted nothing like a donut and it was soggy and super oily.  However, their Apple donut, and blueberry cake was good.  My advice, stay away from the glazed donuts and try other ones with fillings.Just had a powdered strawberry/raspberry jelly donut and it was really yummy. The texture of the dough was mouth watering. The filling wasn't too sweet and was perfectly spaced. 
I'm definition looking to trying them again if I'm ever in the area, and taking some home for the whole family!Wow just wow! We got the coconut chocolate donut and it was a totally different donut than we have ever eaten! The donut itself felt so lightly cooked and airy, yet crispy, while the icing on the donut wasn't hard but rather melted in your mouth. Icing was also really sweet, I loved it!this place is absolutely amazing. some places can be overrated on yelp, but this is definitely not one of those places. i can't decide if it's hidden or not. a lot of people know about it but there are still a bunch of philly area natives who don't know it exists. pretty much everything i've tried has been absolutely delicious. their prices are reasonable to the point that i sometimes feel like it's a steal (considering how good their stuff is). 
first off, their donuts are absolutely on point, and there hasn't been one i've tried that i disliked. my favorite is the apple fritter! granted, i can't have more than one or two of their donuts, but it's just because i don't have a crazy sweet tooth. 
that being said, their desserts are so so underrated. everyone focuses on the donuts, but their pies, puddings and cakes are some of the best i've ever had. i would even argue that i like these better than their donuts. they aren't too sweet, and you can tell that they use fresh ingredients (i.e. ACTUAL fruit). their banana pudding is too die for! whenever i go to reading, i stop by just to buy a little bit of the banana pudding. i have also had their banana creme pie and coconut pie, which are also so so good.
i've also had some of their pickled and savory stuff. i'm not crazy about their macaroni or potato salads, but i'm a HUGE fan of their seafood medley. even though i'm not crazy about their macaroni and potato salads, i can't ding a star because they are more than five stars when it comes to desserts. 
TLDR; Beiler's is always a go to spot when i stop by Reading Terminal Market. the donuts are awesome BUT don't ignore the puddings, pies and other desserts because they are just as good, if not better.Wow. Every donuts they have melts wonderfully in your mouth. I would avoid the donuts with "exotic" color creams. They taste like artificial sugar that are terribly unbalanced from the deliciously made dough. 
Stick with things like the Boston Cream and Fritters and you won't go wrong. I usually get 3 or 4 boxes a month for my office and they disappear within a couple minutes.
4.5/5 because some of their donuts are clear misses. Everything else lives up to the hype.Their doughnuts are simply amazing. They're very soft yet pleasantly chewy. I really can't make recommendations on specific doughnuts, since all of the sorts I've tried have been wonderful, but I can say that you would need to get there early to choose from a wide variety.
Unless you're planning on taking some home, just order one or two per person.Yummmy! Doughnuts were delicious. They had a huge variety of flavors. Had a hard time making up my mind. Reading terminal was supper busy, the staff took their time with us and allowed me to make up my mind on the flavors I wanted. I was very satisfied and look forward to visiting again.Philly is known for their historical battles, cheesesteak battles, and battles between me and my mother Julie Goldstein over who gets to window seat. The fact that Beiler's Bakery isn't recognized as a historical Landmark is an injustice to America. 
Their donuts were out of this world. As my mom's trainer, sculpted by kale and far too much pilates, would say, "I wouldn't eat a donut if I were stranded on an Island and it were the only food." Well, unlike her, I don't subscribe to rules made by the devil. The day I visited Beiler's Bakery in Reading Terminal Market, is the day I believed there was some sort of divine force out there in this world.   
The line was substantially long for the amount of other dessert stands in the market. After salivating over all the different options, my mom and I decided on a caramel salted donut (mom loved it) and an apple fritter (considering proposing marriage). How do I describe tasting this edible pillow of love? It was like an amish person getting drunk for the first time on Rempshringa. What a coincidence that this was an Amish owned bakery! I didn't care if I had to horse-drawn-carriage it back to Chicago, the Amish Army was coming with me. I'm seriously considering converting so i can eat desserts all day. In Donut's name, I pray.
Definitely go to Beiler's Bakery.The warm apple fritter is one of the top 5 doughnuts I've ever had and that's saying a lot.  The glaze was great, the texture of the doughnut was perfect and it was so fresh.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.  I tried a few of the other yeast doughnuts with various fillings as well.  I found them to be fairly gimmicky and definitely not as awesome as the apple fritter.  The maple pecan was the best of the lot.  My advice would be just get whatever is warm and eat it immediately.  
Oh yeah, they're also DIRT CHEAP.There are no words ... other than ... AWESOME!
This place is a landmark in Reading Market.  You'll be hard pressed to find as much Amish baking goodness as you do in this particular bakery.  Even the stuff I buy in Lancaster, for the most part, pales in comparison to the quality of baked goods you get from this place.
Where to even start?  
As expected, the most popular pies fly off the shelves fast.  On a weekend, good luck finding their tasty and authentic shoofly pie after noon or 1pm.  It's absolutely divine.  Their bread is also fresh and you can't go wrong picking up a few loafs of their tasty rye bread to go with your favorite sandwich meat.  Even their small pastry items like the apple crumb cake is ridiculously tasty.
Across the way, you'll also find their famous doughnut shop.  It's all baked fresh on the premises and the lines get absolutely insane by noontime.  Fortunately it moves fast and in no time you'll get your hands on some of the best donuts in town.  This place puts the crap you get at Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Donuts to shame.  They have lots of exotic flavors (like Key Lime, Mocha etc) but even their simple glazed or frosted donuts are delicious.  
If there's ONE place in Reading Market that you need to visit, it's this place (and maybe the Dutch Eating Place right next door ... which serves some amazing diner fare).  Trust me, get a pie, some bread and donuts and be ready to be one happy camper.Pretty good donuts in Reading Terminal market. These are more traditional than the ones you find at Federal donuts. These should be consumed fresh (or same day) as they don't seem to keep as well as the ones from Federal. The fritters here are the best and I would recommend these to any first-timers to Beiler's.BEST DONUTS EVER!! These donuts are so mouth-watering delicious. I go here every time I'm in Philly because they are so worth it. Because of this the line can be pretty long but it usually goes by fast.If you go to Reading Terminal Market and have the self control to NOT stop at Beiler's, I envy you.  These are easily the best doughnuts I have ever had.  They're fresh, doughy, Amish-made, and cheap!  My hands-down favorite is the Boston Creme, but I also recently had an Apple Fritter which was heaven paired with a bottle of milk.  
Do NOT be intimidated by the line.  You can watch them rolling, icing, or stuffing the doughnuts during the short wait - the line moves quickly.  You should probably be prepared before you approach the glass cases or at the very least be a fast decision maker as you take in the smorgasbord of choices!  
I take every out of town visitor here and I won't say whether it's for their benefit or just an excuse for me to go back.  I've consumed more of these doughnuts than I care to admit and don't plan on changing my ways anytime soon.  Beiler's, don't change a thing (except maybe be open 24/7 for my benefit)!In my three days in Philly, I had almost two dozen of donuts at this place, ALL BY MYSELF...yes I said ALL TO MYSELF. I am not ashamed I am not sick, what I am is VERY SAD that I can't get these in the ATL, somebody help me.  Can I get someone, anyone from Philly to ship me a dozen or two PLEASE.....:)
Absolutely the best ever, great job Beiler'sThis Reading Terminal Market gem is known by many.  We saw the line stretched about 50 people long so we decided to wait to see what was so special about these donuts.   
The line moved quick.  When we got closer we were able to see someone making apple fritters.... someone frying donuts and someone else filling and frosting. 
We got a dozen and half donuts.  Each donut was different and we each tried a donut.  
Oh my .. Not one donut was disappointing.  The cream filled donuts did not skimp on the cream.   
The donuts tasted fresh plus we can see the made.
Customer service was very friendly and they did not rush us as we choose our donuts.
I have to say I don't mind waiting for donuts.   
Will i be back? Yes!  Anytime I'm in reading terminal market.Oh my goodness- you don't know a good donut until you have some of these!  I was told to visit this place and was a little reluctant because I don't regularly spoil myself with such decadent food, but these were so worth it.  The line is long which, while some may complain, honestly in my mind is a testament to the quality of the food.  While in line you get to watch how they spread the dough and roll out the donuts.  The stuffed donuts are filled with vats of cream filling and the donuts are iced in front of you.   The display case is beautiful, lined with these works of art.  
We bought a 1/2 dozen so that we could sample a few.  I tried samples of 3, died and went to heaven.  On top of it all- prices are not bad AT ALL!
The fritter was a-mazing!  Crispy, sugary outside with a soft, warm center.  Chocolate glazed-classic, soft, airy and delish.  Dutch crumb- not even sure what makes a donut dutch crumb, but I love whatever it is.  Nothing fancy to look at, but melts in your mouth!  I had to tap out after three samples so did not try any of the stuffed varieties that we bought.  
My only complaint, if I were to have one, was not enough time in front of the display case to make a decision since they liked to keep the line moving!You don't see too many doughnut shops that are not Dunkin donuts or Krispy Creme, but the Reading terminal Market has just about everything and Beiler's has fresh homemade doughnuts.  Beiler's Doughnuts has a variety of creations. A half dozen cost $4.95. I tried their Glazed which was really soft and sweet but not too sweet that made it a great doughnut. I have also had their coconut icing doughnut and that was very good as well if you like coconut. 
I'm not particularly a fan of cream filled doughnuts but decided to give them a try at Belier's anyways. I had the vanilla cream which was okay. The icing was good but there was too much cream in the doughnut for me. Beiler's also has some unique creations like a peanut butter creme doughnut with banana flavored icing sprinkled with bacon. This doughnut was okay and more of a novelty but not bad to try if you are feeling adventurous. Overall I would stick with the normal type of doughnuts like the glazed and cinnamon sugar as those are delicious but not too overbearing in flavor.The best donuts ever- so fluffy and perfectly creamy and a must visit in Philly for tourists. Have tried many of the flavors and the best for me is the Salted Caramel especially with the cream they put in there, ah perfection! They have other bakery items (cakes, muffins, cupcakes, everything in between) as well so if donuts aren't your thing, try something else- even gluten free desserts so yea. Line is long, but worth the wait for sure.Yes yes yes.  I've had blueberry, pumpkin and plain glazed.  The pumpkin was out of this word though the other two were nothing to sniff at.  Definitely eat them while they're hot or microwave them a little bit to warm them up if need be.  They're pillowy and the perfect amount of sweet.
I can't wait to try all the flavors!Believe the hype: the donuts are THAT good. Fluffy, fresh, and fantastic! When you eat them you'll hear angels singing. It's totally ok to get two or three for yourself.
Just don't go on Sundays, they aren't open. And don't be intimidated when there is a line, it moves fast.Best donuts I ever had. Super fresh and soft. I got the pumpkin glazed and the powdered creme filled one. Yum! I've deprived myself of donuts for a long time. My motto is if it's not homemade it's not worth the calories.Have purchased on occasion over the years from the bakery.  Mostly for family or holiday events as dessert is not a regular food for me.  Really good pies & breads.  Most recently tried the  Strawberry Rhubarb, really good!  one of the best our family has had.  
Over the holidays I discovered the donuts.  WOW!  We don't know how we have missed these over the years.   They are a wait in line (moves quickly) MUST TRY!  omg heavenly.  My fav is boston creme & bar none best is Dots OC well now I am torn.  They are different in flavor and both tie for first.  Perfect balance of yummy treat, creme y and not to sweet.  We also sampled:  salted caramel, coconut custard, peppermint, maple bacon.  Never dreamed I would enjoy these as they looked and sounded heavy & sickening sweet.  Far from it!  Amazing.  Light and full of flavor. Equally delicious and if you like coconut you will love the coconut custard.  These are a terminal treat must.  Highly recommend!  Closed on sundays & some holidays.I was disappointed with the donut I got... I waited in line for what felt like forever to receive a mediocre donut. I ordered the Elvis one, skip it. There wasn't anything special about it. There are plenty of other options to choose fromLong line on a Saturday around lunchtime but it moved quickly.  I didnt like that they asked you for your order before you could see all they had to offer. I chose a coconut creme and then  added a maple bacon to my order at the register. A little over $1 each. Super light, fluffy, and not overly sweet.  So so so so good. Even after sitting in my hotel room overnight. Will definitely be back but won't go too crazy with the flavors.Beiler's just might be the best donut shop you will ever come across. We go here every time we are in Philadelphia. The line may look long but it moves very fast. The donuts are fluffy and a lot of the time still warm. My favorites are the glazed and powdered cream filled. Other favorites in my family include Boston cream and coconut custard.These are the best donuts I've ever had in the U.S. There's always a line here, but it goes fast and is worth the wait. I'm from SoCal and have had my share of good donuts. I visited here months ago and couldn't stop thinking about these. I only had 1 donut my first time, but regretted not buying more. When I came back, I got 3 just for myself. There's a certain texture these hand-rolled donuts have that I can't explain. I just need a plain and simple glazed one, or 10, and I'm good. My friend loves their blueberry apple fritter.Picked up three donuts (Elvis, blueberry fritter, and apple fritter), carrot cake and homemade sticky bun. The donut dough is amazingly pillowy and soft and not overly sweet. Definitely recommend. After you have these donuts, any other donut shop donuts will be inferior! No longer will be enjoying Dunkin Donuts. The carrot cake was very good as well but overly sweet (mostly from the icing). Have yet to try the sticky bun yet though.I came here at the recommendation of the friend (look for the people dressed in Amish clothing!) and so I followed that trail of the cute dresses and hair bonnets.
Not sure what to get, but I saw their fritters coming fresh out of the oven, so I knew that was one of the ones I wanted to get. I asked the nice Amish girl behind the counter for their customer favorites, and chose a selection among them, including maple bacon, boston creme, oreo, regular glazed, and of course a blueberry fritter. They offer them in half dozen which is a nice size for sharing.
The fritter was delicious! Soft and slightly crunchy sugar shell, but I did think it was a bit on the sweet side. I'm not sure I would be enticed to go back and get them again, but not a bad find if you are a donut lover :)These are hands-down the BEST donuts in the city! The line is typically really long unless you go early in the morning, but it moves fairly quickly (and even if it doesn't, it's wroth the wait). They have menus before you reach the glass cases, so take a look because you don't get much time once your turn comes. That being said, you can't really go wrong ordering anything off their menu; they're all amazing and only $6 for a half-dozen! Both the dough and the cream inside the filled donuts is light and fluffy. My person favorite is the apple fritter but PB&J and chocolate mousse are close seconds.Let me join many others by praising Beiler's.  I can't believe that I've lived in Philly for 8 years and just recently tried their doughnuts.  First of all, the line moves very quickly and if you go very early on the weekends, there usually isn't a line.
With a plethora of flavors to choose from, you're bound to find something you like (probably a few somethings!)  The Oreo doughnut tastes like Mississippi Mud Pie and the Salted Caramel did not disappoint.  Beiler's certainly has my vote for best doughnut in Philly and now I know where to take all of my out-of-town guests for a special treat.It is with mixed words that I write this review of the best doughnuts in Philly. Mixed because I always go to the Reading Terminal with a bucket list healthy things to pick up: good bacon, fish, fruits & veggies, cheese, etc. Then as a force of habit, I always stop through the sinful Amish corner which is now even more sinful with Beiler's branching out with a shop solely devoted to donuts. 
Everything about these donuts is perfect: the texture, very fresh, and best of all, they always come with great service. Of course the apple fritters are among the best,  but I have a particular fondness for their cake-y doughnuts like the pumpkin or cinnamon sugar. 
So...don't think about the calories too much, and make sure to get at least one doughnut here when you're in the market.These are the best donuts ever! They are always so fresh. We got a half dozen including key lime, apple, banana cream, Oreo, Elvis, and a cinnamon sugar. The apple and banana were my favorite! 
They are really cheap too only a dollar and change. The Reading Terminal is awesome and there are so many things to see and taste here. Whenever I come to Philly this is one of my favorite spots to visit!While reading some of the negative reviews for Federal Donuts, I came across more than one lament that went something like this: "Eh, I should've just gone to Beiler's."  So of course, I had to find out what the fuss was all about.
Anyway, we arrived at the Reading Terminal Market to find a line snaking around the Beiler's stand.  But, coming from a town where people think nothing of queuing up for hours at the crack of dawn to *maybe* snag what amounts to a croissantified donut (yeah, a cronut), we were not discouraged.  A seasonal Rhubarb Cream flavor immediately caught my eye.  Meanwhile, the kid thought it would be hillarious to put his hand in front of my phone, blocking a perfect pic op.  Let's just say Mama was not pleased.  Before I knew it, it was our turn to order and I drew a blank.  All I could think was Rhubarb Cream so I went with just that:
I loved how moist and fluffy the pastry component was.  I could see this being the type of donut that would actually stay fresh if you picked it up the night before for breakfast.  I was less enamored of the cream filling.  It was a lovely shade of pink, but that was the only thing that even remotely hinted of rhubarb.  No fruity tang.  Just sugar, and too much of it.  The filling also tasted like it was made entirely of Crisco. 
All of this being said, I would absolutely be willing to give these donuts another chance.  There are so many flavors and the price is right ($1 each).  I can see why people prefer this spot over Federal Donuts.It is both a blessing and curse that this bakery is 2,500 miles away from me. I am still dreaming about the ginger molasses cookies and salted caramel doughnut. I would be as big as a barn if this bakery were in my backyard. In fact, there'd be a serious addiction issue in my future. 
Thank you, kind people of Beiler's, for being a highlight to my recent trip. You have discovered heaven and you put it in a pastry case.YES YES YES YES AND YES.
Those are the answers to the following questions:
1. Should I go?
2. No really, should I go?
3. Is it as good as the hype suggests?
4. Did you have a mouth orgasm when you ate a donut there?
5. Is it worth the 95 cents per donut cost?
The only place in Philadelphia that I returned to during my visit.  There is always a lineup.  9am?  Yep.  1pm?  Yep.  5pm?  Yep.  Get used to it.  But the line moves fast.
Pro tip: Take a look at the donut selection in the glass case before you get to the front of the line.  Once you get in view of the donuts, you're expected to order quickly.  Consider having your donut buddy wait in line, while you go and check out the selection.  It will make the anticipation even better.Beiler's Bakery is unmatched in quality, taste, and price of their doughnuts. Most of the time you will get their doughnuts fresh because they are almost always busy; the wait is worth it.  The wait is usually 5-10 minutes in a large line and 3-7 minutes in an average line. (Yes I timed it). If you have a sweet tooth, be careful because every doughnut is tempting to buy. I highly recommend this place!"They be like, 'Ooh, let them eat cake'...".  I may not have a two-name moniker like Janelle Monae or Marie Antoinette, but I can find a decent dessert to share with others.  I didn't do the whole doughnut thing, but I did sample their pecan-crusted apple pie.   It hit the spot!  The crust was decent; and, although I am a fan of sugar in excess, this filling wasn't overtly on the sweet side.  I'd have to return to try their signature sweets....but, so far, this bakery is quite alright.These are the best donuts ever! Crazy flavors, incredible freshness, and cheap prices makes this place something you should definitely check off your bucket list.The lines in the store are awfully long so I ordered through UberEats. The blueberry fritter was delicious. It was nice and soft with a little crunch. My niece wanted the donut with the m and m's, it was good to her she said. My daughter let me taste her Elvis donut. It was peanut butter and banana flavored with bacon on top. The donut was good minus the bacon. Now they did mess my order up by omitting a couple of donuts for less desirable ones. The fruity pebble donut was way too sweet. The only thing I didn't like was you had to order each donut seperate if you were getting a variety of flavors even though you were getting a dozen, so you wind up paying more.Uhhhhhh DELICIOUS. My favorite are the fruity pebble donuts. Anything you get, however, will tasty amazing. No doubt about that! When you pay a visit to the terminal, stop here!Filled donut is way to go at least for me. Had oreo cookie and mocha filling, it was awesome. Tried to get the fritters, but it was sold out then why didnt u make more??? Lol so just a headsup, fritters r popular cuz they r that good! In case some dont know yet, parking at the garage across the st, is 4 dollars with validations (spent 10 dollars or more) which is pretty easy soo much going on at reading terminal market. The donuts are not cakey kind which I prefer (usually), close to Kripy kreme I think....said the donut "expert" lol also expect long line.Best donut I've had in Philly and such a reasonable price only $.95! Personal favorite is the maple nut (maple creme filled with nuts on top). Always a destination when headed to reading terminal.They have gimmicky donuts for $1.10 here. It's a great deal, and everything is made fresh (you can see donuts being fried and dipped as you wait in line). 
As for the long line -- don't worry about it. People generally know what they want, and the people working behind the counter are very efficient at taking orders, boxing up donuts, and checking people out.Delicious doughnuts! I recommend the vanilla frosted flake or chocolate m&m. Staff is friendly! And reasonable prices! Be prepared for a long line - one that is definitely worth it, however.Hot. Fresh. Amish. Donuts.  That's all you really know and there's also a reason why there is a fast moving line at any point in the day and a reason why every other person in Reading Terminal is carrying that red box.  Try 'em and I dare you not to be hooked. PROMISE!Love this bakery! Best pumpkin whoopie pies! Everything is so fresh and tastes homemade. Prices are reasonable too. One of my favorites bakeries.I was never a huge donut fan ... that was until I discovered Beiler's. At times, there is a bit of a line but I promise, it's worth the wait and they're usually good at moving everyone through quickly. Don't leave without trying the salty caramel donut and the apple fritters![English review below]
"Wenn ihr zum Reading Terminal Market geht, dann msst ihr unbedingt zu Beiler's Bakery und dort Donuts holen!" wurde uns mehrfach gesagt. Gesagt getan.
Fazit:
+ unglaublich leckere und fluffig weiche Donuts
+ fast schon zu viele Sorten, um sich vernnftig zu entscheiden
+ sehr faire Preise (da bezahlt man woanders deutlich mehr)
+ lange Schlange, die sich jedoch SEHR schnell fortbewegt
Wer in der Nhe ist: Nicht verpassen! Neben Federal Donuts eine super Alternative!
"If you go to Reading Terminal Market you have to stop by at Bailer's Bakery and get Donuts there!" This was told to us more than one time so we followed that recommendation.
Verdict:
+ unbelievably yummy and fluffy Donuts
+ the number of choices are almost too abundant
+ very cheap (much cheaper than elsewhere)
+ long line that moves VERY quickly
So whoever is close by: Don't miss out on it! Together with Federal Donuts THE go-to-place for Donuts.!We got a range of donuts. It's just your average quality. On par with Duncan donuts. Not worth going out if your way for these. Definitely fails to live up to the hype.I read about Beiler's Bakery when visiting Philly and had to check it out when I was craving a donut! I visited the Reading Terminal Market around 11:30am and the line for Beiler's Bakery was packed! The line wrapped around the bakery but not to fret, the line sped through. You can watch the employees in the bakery make the donuts - not always the best thing to watch since you notice all the oil for frying! I tried the spiced pumpkin and chocolate donuts. These donuts taste quiet different from your Krispy K's. They're a lot richer in flavor and you can tell how fresh they're made. The donuts were really filling and probably a little too much for me. But they were cheap and good!These donuts are RIDONCULOUS, which is a very, very good thing!  I was so excited when I heard that Beiler's expanded to donuts.  I live a few blocks from Reading Terminal and unfortunately I have to pass it on my walk to and from work.  The fact that Beiler's is so convenient and easy to access from the 12th and Arch St. entrance makes this place waaaaay to user friendly for me.  
A few weeks ago I grabbed a dozen of assorted donuts for a day at the Penn Relays.  The group that I was sitting with (my dad and his 60+ crew) literally gobbled the donuts down faster than Alyson Felix and Carmelitta Jetter in the 100 M dash (and trackies know that is pretty darn fast).  
I had the coconut cream donut, which was DELISH!  I only wish Beiler's was open every day, b/c my cravings for fried dough always seem to kick in Sunday-Tuesday, when the Beiler's are "vacationing at their summer home" out in Lancaster.Bar none. The best donut shop in Philadelphia. Not only the variety and quality of these donuts rival NYC quality doughs, the best part is that they're less than a dollar a donut! Don't be intimated by the long line (they're always long), the line moves very fast. Also they have a special, 3 dozen for $25!Oh my lord.  So I thought I had one of the best donut in Ohio about a month ago.  
Nope.  
THIS was the best donut I've ever had.
Oh my gosh, I haven't been able to stop thinking about it.  ("It".  Okay, you got me....I had two.)
The best by far was the Elvis, which had this lucious banana cream filling. 
The maple cream was awesome too.  
And the peanut butter and jelly was pretty yummy, although I would rank that one third. 
Ok. You guys caught me.  I had three.  I know.  I am surprised I stopped there.  There were so many more flavors I wanted to try. 
The French and their bread.  The Greeks and their baklava.  The Germans and their strudels.  These people can BAKE.   
But the AMISH.  The AMISH and their DONUTS.  Now HERE is a way under-rated group of bakers.  The freshest dough.  The creamiest cream.  And a little bit of magic.  I will be dreaming about these donuts from now until my next trip to Philly.My husband and I ordered donuts from here because of all the glowing reviews we heard about them. Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong. They weren't bad necessarily, but they definitely weren't anything close to amazing and fell short of their reputation for us. The donuts were flat and not fluffy like you would expect a donut to be, the execution of the decorating and icing on top was mediocre, and the taste was no better than my local gas station's donuts.I'll start off with my go to donuts: harvest apple, salted caramel, strawberry jelly, and the blueberry fritter. With that said, odds are any donut you pick will be fantastic. 
I know I dropped a lot of 5 star reviews at the Terminal Market, but I'd like to think I'm rather reserved with the illusive 5 star review. To me, 5 stars means the food is top of its class; it's worth a trip in and of itself. It's about a 2 hour drive to Philly for me, and these donuts alone make the trip worth it. In a market packed with good food, Beiler's Donuts is the crowned jewel. I haven't found another donut anywhere that even comes close. The dough is incredibly light and airy, yet the donut is remarkably dense at the same time. Any attempt at a description of these donuts will fall far, far short. I'll put it like this: for my own personal heaven, if i was offered the opportunity to spend the rest of eternity with unlimted funds at the Reading Terminal Market, or at a Brazilian Whorehouse, I'd choose the Market, with those Beiler's donuts every time. As I write this review, attempting to control the overwhelming urge to drive back to Philly, I'm thinking maybe it's a good thing that I live 100 miles from these donuts, otherwise I assume the 5 donut a day habit would wreak havoc on my already questionable health.
My real hope from writing this review is that the owners of Beiler's will see this, and contact me regarding an opportunity to open a Beiler's outpost in NYC. I would gladly spearhead that project, and I would do anything in my power, up to, and including capital murder, to secure the deal.Fresh, $1 doughnuts! Beiler's Bakery is located near the front of Reading Terminal Market, in the far left corner. As you wait in line, you get to watch the team make the doughnuts right in front of you! While I love watching the machines at work at Krispy Kreme, the doughnuts here are handmade, which makes it all the more fun. 
Although the line can wrap around the corner, it moves quickly! Before you know it, you are suddenly faced with a million trays of shining doughnuts, and have to frantically point at a few flavors to purchase. But I'm sure your choices will be good ones! In my frenzied state, I selected a triple chocolate doughnut, and had zero regrets. The fritters also looked amazing though, so next time I will mentally prepare myself to add them to the order.Insane. Best donuts I've ever had in my life. Really. Insane. All of the other places people told me to go to were a joke. Or they didn't know what good was. Maybe they were being held hostage. But this is SO AWESOME!!!! Beilers donuts are lighter than air, don't taste fried, and filled with real fruit and mousses. After eating a donut I saw colors. It was that good.I've never met a donut I didn't like, but Beiler's really "takes the cake!" They are freshly made every day, and are super fluffy, flavorful, and probably terrible for you but you only live once. I recommend the fritters, but you can't go wrong with any of the flavors.Salted caramel donut and the cinnamon stick with cream cheese inside were the best! Plain glazed was good, but nothing compared to the specialty donuts.THE BEST DONUTS I HAVE EVER HAD. 
I used to think all donuts were the same, but boy was I wrong! Beiler's are by far the most delicious donuts I have ever tried! Every time I go back, I try a new flavor, and I have never been disappointed, My favorite one is the Elvis Delight: it's a donut that's filled on the inside with sweet peanut butter cream, topped with banana cream, then sprinkled with bacon! Sounds weird, but seriously tasty! Don't be discouraged by a long line, it goes by fast, and it's so worth the wait! I wish Beiler's was open every day of the week.The apple fritter may truly be the best dessert item I've ever had in my life. This is really no exaggeration. It's beyond belief. Not sure what else I can add. Oh yeah, it's also only $.90. If you like donuts or any baked goods at all really you must try this apple fritter. It's outrageously good.Fabulous fresh baked goodies!  Recently I picked up dessert for a group of friends.  We shared the chocolate torte, which was incredibly dense and rich.  I dare you to eat an entire slice!  The pumpkin cream cheese cookies were spicy and soft, more like bits of cake with cream cheese frosting on top--delicious.  The blueberry pie was messy but wonderful and not too sweet.  It's not very expensive, either.So I was really craving banana pudding and walked around the terminal everyone recommended me to the Amish.  OMG I must say it was with the $5.00 it was delicious I will definitely be back to try other menu items.  Definitely satisfied my cravingThese. Are. Not. The. Donuts. You. Are. Looking. For.  STAY AWAY PLEASE!  There is no need to try Beiler's Donuts, for the love of Peet just stick with Dunkin Donuts or WaWa or just eat an apple or some string cheese.  Don't even look at them.  Seriously, just forget you ever saw these reviews.  Move on.  There is nothing to see here.  You will be just fine living the rest of your life without experiencing these donuts.  You've heard good things you say?  Even great things?  Come on we all know that's fake news!!!  Just to be clear, please do not come near these donuts.  Stay out of the city of Philadelphia in general just to be on the safe side.  If you do insist on getting in the EXTREMELY long line and wait for a DONUT, a donut.  Are you really going to wait in line for a donut?  There's no one in line at Dinky donut, go there.  Please go away.  But if you do insist on purchasing a Beiler's donut, Fock You!  You donut eating bastard!!  Okay they are the best, can you buy me one.The best bakery! I come every few weeks and stock up on their breads,pies, and cakes when I have a party or company coming. Their dinner yeast rolls are literally the best I have ever had!!!! I usually get 4-5dozen and freeze them for future use. Love this place! Excellent pastries and baked items for half the price of the bakeries located further down the market.
Come here you won't regret it!!Best donuts ever and so inexpensive! I especially love their apple and blueberry fritters.Coconut custard pie, blueberry pie, shoe-fly pie, apple raisin pie...all the pies you can think of! 
Everytime I am at Reading Terminal, I end up getting something from this place. Good thing I don't live right next to it! I love their pies, and bread. I never had the courage to try out the whopper pie, or the cinnamon rolls, knowing the amount of calories it would bring me. But I have seen how beautifully delicious they look...I've gone to their bakery before and had their whoopie pie - fantastic.
This past Saturday, I decided to try their donuts. I got there 5 minutes before their posted closing time (5PM) and the line was still wrapped around the corner. Luckily, they were still busy churning out donuts. When we left around 5:30PM, they were still selling donuts and the line remained. 
Several of the flavors were sold out (including the bacon one), but they still had plenty (fresh) popular items. Based on their recommendation (and Yelp reviews), I tried the blueberry fritter and salted caramel donut.
The fritter was warm and soft and the salted caramel frosting was decadent. However, I'm not sure I enjoyed either to a 5 star degree. Was it good? Yes, but not worth waiting in line for good. Also, maybe my personal preference, I don't generally enjoy cream filled donuts (or fritters for that matter). 
I may go again next time I'm in the area - will probably get the glazed donut, but won't go to reading terminal just for the donut.My favorite is apple fritter. Love how it is fluffy and not too sweet. It goes perfectly with a cup of dark black coffee. They have so many flavors that it's almost too easy to fill up your box. I'm not a huge doughnut person (but I do have huge sweet tooth) but I love this place! It's so fresh and when you chew into the doughnut, it almost feels like you're chewing on the cloud kekekekeke
This place is a must if you love dessert!A great variety of fresh baked goods. The donuts were mouthwatering. There had to be 35 different flavors. I did not buy any cakes and pies  but they looked fantastic. Service was quick, the line moved fast. Prices were in line with Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. But these were extra fresh.Our first time in Philly this past May and we hit the Reading Terminal Market.  After eating our way through, we came across Beiler's Bakery. I thought I had died and gone to heaven. So may mouth watering choices that I could not resist one last treat before we left.  I had to have just one...but which one???  I decided on the maple bacon donut and I'm still dreaming about it 6 months later!  My birthday was this week and I thought my husband was going to surprise me by somehow getting me another one (or two or three) of these.  No such luck .  We live in Florida and there is NOTHING like this anywhere here.  And while I loved everything about Philly...it's a wonderful city...I would go back just for this donut!!These are the best donuts I have ever tasted. Get a plain yeast donut and really appreciate the flavor and texture of the dough. The frosting just overwhelms the simple perfection of this donut.Do not let the line wrapping around the store scare you! These doughnuts are worth the wait. I got the salted caramel and dream creme. Both filled. Both amazing. The salted caramel's icing on top was so rich but not too salty and filled with a whipped cream kind of filling. The dream creme was a milk chocolate icing with a white chocolate drizzle also filled with a whipped creme. My favorite part is the dough which is light and fluffy, yet dense at the same time! It's witchcraft. And the cheap price with force you to get a dozen!Epic experience! a must go to if you are in/around Philly. Don't be intimidated by long lines as they can move quickly. 
What to get? hmm... everyone seemed to rave about the banana creme donuts, so I got that along with a mix of others including salted caramel, and red velvet among others. 
Every bite was better than the one before it.Oh, Amish bakers, you are having me consider wearing elastic pants so I can gorge myself on your goodies.  Your counters are laden with all sorts of stuff I crave - whoopie pies, gooey cinnamon rolls, cinnamon raisin bread, apple pies, lemon-meringue pies, all sorts of cake....STOP it already, you had me the minute I walked in - the wafting cinnamon aroma beckoned me over and slapped me into submission.
This is the place to go if you're in the mood for some fresh baked anything.  Come late on Saturday, and all the items on the top shelf are discounted bc they aren't open Sunday and Monday.Op basis van de reviews heb ik hier vandaag een donut gegeten. Hij was erg lekker, maar niet de allerlekkerste die ik ooit gegeten heb. De keuze is groot en een donut kost 0,95 dollar. Zeker een bezoekje waard als je de Reading Terminal Market bezoekt.Last day in my food adventures in Philadelphia and I decided to head over to Reading Terminal Market one last time for some donuts. Wow! My favorite donut spot is Doughnut Plant in New York City. After consuming one of these donuts that all changed. These donuts literally melt in your mouth. You can taste the freshness in just one bite.WOW!! Damn good donuts. Fresh and delicious. The perfect combination of flaky, chewy, sweet, warm donuts. The frosting is a delicious type sweet, not the artificial kind. The best donuts I ever had.This review is based solely on my experience with the sour cream doughnut.  It is the greatest doughnut I've ever had in my life.  I've had sour cream doughnuts in many other shops across Southern California, and while those were all good, none could compare to Beiler's.
The sour cream doughnut at Beiler's is so balanced.  It's not too sweet and it doesn't taste fried.  Actually, it tastes like it's baked, and that's what really blew my mind.  I was completely shocked to have found such a fantastic item during a day trip to Philadelphia.
You have to try it.  If you don't, that's ok.  
I'll eat your share on my next visit...There are times when I think "I want a donut right now", and in those moments I think about how to get to Beiler's Bakery. There are other times when I think "I don't want a donut right now", and then I ask myself, "why am I lying", and return to the question above.
I ordered an apple fritter on recommendation from the person behind me in line, and while I'm not a spiritual person, I truly believe this recommendation came from the heavens, because no mortal could possibly make a pastry taste that good. The apple fritter was delicious, and best of all, there's fruit in it, which I presume means it's also healthy.
But I'm not the type of person that's going to tell you how to order your donut, and there are millions of other choices that will really start your morning off on the right foot. All I'm saying is try this place.Amazing donuts!!! The salted caramel is my favorite but the maple bacon is a close second. The donuts are not expensive at all especially considering the location. I do not eat donuts often, but I make an exception when visiting the market.This is for anyone with a sweet tooth! Best donuts I've ever had! Too bad it's not open on Sunday!!! Regardless, this is the best place to get delicious donuts!!Absolutely the BEST donuts I've ever had in philadelphia. Now I will never be able to look at donut donuts the same way. Lolll
Waited half an hour in line on an extremely busy Saturday afternoon and it was well worth it! 10 bucks for a dozen of donuts from out of this world?!?! If you haven't tried their donuts then you're def missing out.Beiler's donuts are the best donuts I've ever had in my life. 
My expectations were very high coming in since one of my friends, a true donut aficionado, claims to frequently have dreams about these donuts and apple fritters. Unfortunately, the apple fritters were sold out, but after having one bite of a donut, I, too, fell victim to the Beiler's donut spell. The donut had the perfect melt-in-your mouth consistency and the rich flavors had me silently praising the high heavens. I tried six kinds (no, I don't mess around) and enjoyed the maple bacon and salted caramel the most. I'll probably try another six next time I'm in town.First time going to the reading terminal market. We walked in conveniently as the fresh donuts were coming out of the oven. We had to try one so we bought the peanut butter and Oreo. I've never had a donut so fluffy and that literally melted in your mouth. Yes, we ended up buying a dozen.Fabulous "carb" bombs - delicate dough with distinctive topping/filling flavors.  Sweet Amish girl service!Beiler's still rocks (as does their new donut stand across the aisle). I did want to point out that at 3:30 on Saturdays Beiler's tends to discount a number of their baked goods for quick sale since they aren't open on Sundays.These are the best donuts I have ever tried so far. And I'm not even exaggerating. The donuts have a different texture from any other donuts that I have ever tried. So fluffy and delicious! There are many different flavors to choose from and I honestly like all of them.The original glazed and blueberry fritters are my favorite. You can't go wrong with any of them. These are donuts are FRESH and warm. Expect a long line during peak times.Easily the best donuts in Philly, and probably the best I've eaten anywhere. Lines are long, but move quickly, and if you're there at a peak time, you get to see them do their hypnotizing and expert donut-making. 
Do yourself a favor and get whatever fritters they have on hand. Apple and Blueberry are both delicious.Omgoodness! This place is so dangerous, in the best way possible. Last summer was the first time I've tried their donuts and thinking about them just makes me salivate! Try your fave donut flavor made fresh and you'll be in heaven. To die for! Need to go back!There is no better doughnut....EVER!!!  Had the Apple filled doughnut and it was the best donut I have ever had! You cannot leave Philadelphia without getting a dozen of these delicious donuts!Glad my husband had a sugar tooth. The rhubarb creme was delicious. We ended up getting a dozen and none of them disappointed. I'm sure in the beginning of the day when the donuts are fresh they are even more heavenly. Would definitely recommend anyone to give this establishment a try especially for the economical price of .99 a donut!They were open on a day they should've been closed! I believe it was Monday but to our surprise we saw a very short line YAY!
Their blueberry fritters never fail to satisfy me. They also always punch our parking card even when we don't spend $10 hehe.TL;DR - Worth it if you want something sweet
If you're a tourist hitting up Reading Terminal, Beiler's donuts are probably high on the list. Personally, I really enjoy any of the fritters they make - definitely top notch. I think the rest of the donuts are good too, but they're not THAT amazing. The place is a bit over-hyped.
If you want something sweet at the Terminal, this is definitely a really good bet...but don't save the calories and avoid a sandwich from DiNic's if you're being strategic...this place isn't  otherworldly!If you do not get a doughnut from Beiler's while you are in reading terminal market, you are ridiculous. 
Best doughnuts out there. Also had one of their whoopie pies and again, amazing. This is the good stuff. A MUST in reading terminal!I always love going back to Pennsylvania for the donuts and this place I have to say is my favorite which says a lot. I got the peanut butter filled donut with chocolate frosting on top. One of the best I've ever had the peanut butter cream was so tasty! I also got the blueberry fritter because of the reviews and that was amazing as well! The dough is so gooey and soft while crispy on the outside. Really fun how to see them make the donuts as well. It's worth the line!Good Lord, this is the greatest donut bakery of All Time.
Even though my belly was full with noodles and Bassett's ice cream, I could not resist the coconut cream donut. Light, sweet, creamy, a teeeeeeensy bit chewy, airy, coconutty....
I'm drooling over here, a la Homer Simpson.
The best part? A donut was only $0.95.
Worth it.These are some of the freshest tasting donuts I've EVER had. Each one melts in your mouth. I'd be here at least once a week, if I lived in the area. Delicious.Its just a Donut you say? How good can a Donut really be anyway? 
If you have not hauled your buttocks down to Beilers in Reading Terminal Market I urge you to do so. I have never been a huge Donut fan but am continuously craving Beilers. I ate a delicious Maple Nut Donut, it was soft and sweet but not over powering. Seriously the most delicious donut I have had in my entire life. 
I honestly do not know how else to put it but try it! Just go and do it. It will not be a disappointment. At $0.90 per Donut you can not lose. If Reading Terminal is not a cool enough trip on its own it is definitely worth just going for a box of these heavenly spheres of deliciousness. I am now hooked for life and am writing off dunkin for as long as I live there is no comparison.The donuts may seem like the only thing I ate there from my pictures, but they weren't.  The highlight of my trip here was next to the donut stand where I picked up a fresh batch of sticky buns.  I'll get to those later. 
Donuts:
Oddly enough the batch I had was better the day after.  Here's why: It seemed as those the donuts are so fresh out of the frier that they are slightly soggy.  This could be result from multiple things, for example the oil in the fryer not being the right temperature.  Overnight the donuts were given the chance to dry out a little bit.  Usually this is detrimental, for this batch it was a game changer.  The boston cream was my favorite of them all, ehhhhh maybe the glazed filled with jelly.  Either way you can go wrong with those.  
Sticky buns: 
Perfection.  Ask for a batch that hasn't been wrapped up for premium freshness: 6 for $5.50....thanks see you next time!I love my sweets and heard about this place through a friend that used to live in the city. I had to try them out as soon as I started working in the area and they are everything! The lines are always long but they move quickly. Best donuts I have ever had.I'm not usually a donut person, but I was literally blown away by these donuts. They're soft, light, and fluffy. Melt in your mouth perfect donuts. Even the cream donuts are light and delicious.Oh. My. God.
The blueberry fritter was phenomenal! Compared to other fritters I've had, this one was not too sweet nor was the glaze too heavy. In fact, the fritter had this wonderful soft, springy texture to it.
I also really enjoyed the combination of cinnamon and blueberries. Smiles all around!These pickles are to die for. 1st time at the reading terminal and I am hooked. I wish I had ordered a big jar of their spicy pickles. I'm looking to see if I can order online because these pickles were to die for.After coming here, I regret every time I've ever purchased a sub-par donut for over a dollar. Beiler's donuts are fresh, chewy, and delicious. As others have already mentioned, the blueberry and apple fritters must be tried. 
I am also a fan of just the plain glazed one - the glaze isn't too heavy, so this one's not too sweet. But... I also have a huge sweet tooth, and the frosting on all the frosted donuts is fresh (not dry/crumbly) and tasty. The strawberry jelly donut is the bomb.com. Stuffed full of jelly without being soggy. 
I came in on a weekday around 11am and the line only took 5 minutes! If you live or work in philly, a weekday visit is definitely the way to go, rather than battling the weekend crowds.Beiler's donuts are absolutely AMAZING. My friend and I chose the option of 2 donuts and one coffee for a total of $2.75! For such delicious donuts, the price was really cheap if you compare it to other donut shops. We had the apple fritter donut that was fresh, moist, and fried to perfection. We also had the maple cream which was also made with the right amount of chewiness and fluffiness.  Being a donut-fanatic I've tried a lot of donuts in the past, and I can honestly say this is the best tasting donut I've ever tasted! From now on, I will always make sure to make a stop at Beiler's bakery if I'm in reading terminal to try the other flavors!Excellent fluffy donuts that weren't overly sweet!  I tried the chocolate-iced one with coconut and it was a delicious breakfast.  Hoping to try other flavors later on!Love love looooove!!!!!! their carrot cake! The cake is just so moist and fresh tasting. It's amazing and can't be beat :) I think i'm about to head down and grab a slice now!Awesome place grew up in Philly and had ever been here before until today. The people are soooo nice very patient and extremely accommodating. I wanted 2 cinnamon rolls (single) and they only had one so he just cut one from a 7 pk and Saran  wrapped it for me. Great pickles as well filled my little container all the way up and added juice. Wish they had a place like this in Cali.Wow. All I can say is wow. The whole market is amazing and the grilled cheese place rocks too, but did Belier's for breakfast today. The doughnut choices are staggering but I had to stop at 3 so I had a blueberry fritter, a chocolate iced and a peanut butter cream. The fritter was amazing, warm and light and flavorful, it was my favorite. The other two were decadent as well....so good. Oh yeah, the coffee was hot, fresh and tasty as well. My waistline couldn't handle going more than once 9I like to explore other places anyway) but if you're in the area and like doughnuts it's an absolute must!Beiler's Bakery is unmatched in quality, taste, and price of their doughnuts. Most of the time you will get their doughnuts fresh because they are almost always busy; the wait is worth it.  The wait is usually 5-10 minutes in a large line and 3-7 minutes in an average line. (Yes I timed it). If you have a sweet tooth, be careful because every doughnut is tempting to buy. I highly recommend this establishment.HAVE AGAIN: Blueberry fritter is delicious, Boston Creme also delicious but really messy.
NOT HAVE AGAIN: The chocolate cake and glazed raised donuts were ok, but nothing to write home (or Yelp) about. Great service, really fun line to watch them make the donuts.Delicious!  Well worth the high praise it receives from locals.  Among the HUGE selection of flavors, we tried the blueberry fritter (wanted the apple, but it was sold out) and the chocolate iced with sprinkles.  They are a denser, heavier donut but delicious!  The price ($1.10 per donut) seemed very inexpensive based on the density and quality of the donuts - no overpriced "artisan" donuts here!  We got there at around 9:30 on a Friday and there was no line to speak of.Best donuts in the city. Everyone already knows that. But the thing you should get are the Pennsylvania Dutch apple fritters. Maybe the best thing you will ever eat. It's all good but if you need that maximum sugar high, it's the crack of the dessert world.I thought I was going to have to settle for Dunkin' Donuts as an alternative to the highway robbery that is hotel dining, but then I discovered this sprawling Amish/Mennonite operation in Reading Market. The donuts are handmade before your eyes and have both a soft center and a slight crunch. I especially liked the ones that were heaped with freshly whipped icings that come in interesting varieties, like mocha and salted caramel. A line forms within minutes of their opening, and many people make large orders.OMG, these doughnuts wrecked my life! I ordered a half dozen, and the ones I didn't eat right away kept well until the next day. The apple fritter was heaven! Probably my favorite. Cannot wait for another excuse to visit this bakery!This donut store lives up to its hype on Yelp. 
Be aware: if you want donuts, you're going to have to wait at least 20 minutes. The line wraps around and continues quite far back but it is definitely worth the wait! And they have great prices! One dozen for $9.95 and if you buy three dozen, it's $24.95! This is quite cheap for such delicious donuts.
I have had friends bring back the donuts and they taste amazing although they're a day old. But man, they taste even better fresh!
The variety of donuts can be a bit overwhelming, but to name a few: key lime, lemon, Nutella, chocolate, sprinkles, crullers, Boston creme, cherry filling, apple fritter, maple bacon, m&ms, banana creme and the list goes on. 
Hint: if you order the fruity pebble donut, don't wait too long to eat it because your pebbles will become soggy. 
What I would recommend:. Their best donut (although I haven't tried every single flavor and kind) is the apple fritter. The apple bits are the perfect size, the balance of cinnamon sugar to apple is perfect and it was simmered at the right temp for the right amount of time. The apples aren't over cook nor do the apples have too much of a crunch. 
Overall, beiler's donuts batter is extremely light. I could smash a donut into a ball and eat it as a munchkin - that's how light and fluffy the dough is. To me, it's the perfect texture of a chewy and light airy donut. When I ordered, most of their donuts were made from the same dough type - they don't offer the choice of a blueberry or red velvet cake donut. The only thing with beiler donuts that is keeping it from 5 stars is the fact that they use way too much whipped creme for the filling and top of the donuts. Do not get me wrong, they do an amazing job with their whip creme as a replacement for the donut icing but it's way too much for me. The creme is light and doesn't taste overwhelming but they use way too much of it. A majority of their donuts have the creme filling inside of the donut, so I find myself biting around the center of the donut or knocking some of the cream off the top.
Would definitely recommend picking up some donuts from beiler's!If these are the donuts sold at the Reading Terminal during the Fall Harvest, they are the BEST donuts I've ever had!!Since everyone else has eloquently described their love for Beiler's Bakery so well, I will try to keep my review succinct and in haiku form:
pumpkin whoopie pies
a taste of autumn in hand
reasonably pricedThese are the best donuts I have ever had. And I've had a lot of donuts.
My friend totally judged me when I picked up a box of six donuts (for only 4.99$!) I don't mind being completely shameless about it. The hand-rolled doughnuts are soft, pillowy, and have just the perfect balance of sweetness and flavor. I don't think you could go wrong with any flavor. Completely worth the weekend traffic at Reading Terminal.
Their front display case is what I imagine heaven would look like.Pick a donut any donut, it will melt in your mouth. I'll take one of each please! 
Also, their pecan sticky buns are to die for, if you're lucky you can find one that's warm and make it disappear before you even get outside! Ugh, heavenly.BEST DONUTS OR DESSERT IVE EVER HAD.
Literally the oreo and PB ones are so good I am sitting here across the country emailing to see if there is any possible way they'd ship them.
We LOOOOOOOOOOVE them.I love my sweets and I love my doughnuts. I'm so glad I don't live in Philly or I'd be morbidly obese from stuffing my face full of these doughnuts. Why don't I have any willpower? Because whenever I come here, I must get my fill of multiple kinds of doughnuts. My favorites are the Blueberry Fritter and Pumpkin Doughnuts. 
My last visit was with my cousin, who was also visiting from out of town. While we were standing in line, she wasn't understanding why the line was so long and that a doughnut would be worth the wait. She balked when I planned on ordering 6 for the two of us, and was insistent that we didn't need that many/shouldn't be eating that many. However, as soon as she took her first bite and followed it up with a sip of the creamy milk we purchased there, she was sold. Needless to say, the 6 doughnuts were gone by the time my sister got home the next morning (and complained that we hadn't saved her one).Best doughnut I've had in my life.  It was still warm!!!! Like really warm.  Too many flavors to choose.  Fun to watch them make them and the only $0.95 each.Probably the best donuts I've ever had. You will wait in line for these but it's all worth it. After going a couple times and trying all sorts of different combinations, the apple fritter has topped my list. Warm, doughy, outstanding. You need to try it. Perfect mix of glaze, apple, cinnamon, dough. I could eat 100 of them. Eat it!Quit going anywhere else for doughnuts! This place is flat the best doughnuts I have ever been to in my LIFE. I am so mad we are heading back to Dallas but if Philly has anything good it is this place.  go cowboys!I was excited to try this place after seeing the line and the doughnut do look delicious.  I got a coconut iced (vanilla icing) and a chocolate iced doughnut.  They were good, very rich.  I didn't finish either of them (got close to both though).  It is worth a visit, but not on a must do list or a place I would go out of my way for.Ode to Beiler's Bakery
With your cinnamin rolls you lure me,
And all those pastries and pies are key...
To my happy soul in philly!
But you don't stop there silly.
You also add cupcakes and breads.
All these make me crazy in the head!
But I continue to be lead.....
to your carb heaven 'til I'm dead.
The End.