Me, wifey and mom in law decided on Bellini Grill for restaurant week. The best part: the ambiance. The ceiling is a complete painting of lumpy angel babies which is somehow romantic and relaxing. It's extremely intimate with tables that boxed in some customers so you get a booty in your face as someone is getting up. 
The not so best part: the food. Based off of the restaurant week menu everything was ok but something had to be off. Chicken parm was good....spaghetti wasn't chewable. Crab ravioli got the potential...gross green pea sauce alllll over my ravioli. The service wasn't horrible nor was the drinks. BUT I want to bust a grub at a restaurant so probably won't be going back.Amazing restaurant!  Everything the chef cooks and bakes here is from scratch.  It's a family business and Family is working at the restaurant. They hustle and work so so hard.  The food never disappoints and we as a family admire this family's work ethic and commitment to quality food.  The Wine list here has expanded as well and the staff knows so much about the wines.  Highly recommend!!!   Delicious-so!!!We came here on a Saturday after Christmas with a party of 12 at 8:00PM.  The place was jumpin'....25-35 year old crowd.  Reservations on a Saturday are definitely a must!  Small byob with murals on the walls and Sistinesque mural on the ceiling.  We arrived early and it was way too crowded to be seated so we had drinks at a bar a few blocks away.  The hostess was a sweetie.  She took 3 of our bottles and held them on the side so we didn't have to lug them around.  When we came back the bottles were on the table with the rest of our party.  You can usually tell how a restaurant is going to be by the complimentary bread and butter, which in this case was OK.  I had the antipasta as an appetizer and it was OK.  The marinated eggplant was interesting though.  Everyone enjoyed that.  The olives lacked taste... As an entrée I had the fettucini con gamberetti  ($15.95)  which was rock shrimp sautéed in a light cognac blush sauce.  Fettucini is a hard dish to cook and not many restaurants master it so I'm trepidatious in ordering it.  They did a pretty good job on it.  My only complaint is that it was a little too dry....definitely needed some moisture.  The shrimp got lost in the perfectly cooked pasta...meaning they were quite small.   I tried my mate's linguine con vongole which was pretty good.  Soooo all in all I would definitely say that this restaurant is OK.  I would definitely return to try other dishes.This place was fantastic for our large group (21 people). They helped us set up a customized prix fixe menu for our group which made ordering and check paying a breeze. The price point was lower than other BYOs I found in Philly. Our waiter, Brian, was awesome, attentive, patient, and funny. Even better, after we finished the meal, we were kind of mingling around our little corner of the restaurant, finishing our drinks, and the staff were kind enough to let us leave at our own pace. Thanks for a great birthday night!I came here a few weeks ago with some friends. Overall, I thought the food was ok, but I felt that it just wasn't worth the price. Don't get me wrong, I know that BYOBs tend to charge a little more because they have to make up for the fact that they're not making money off of alcohol sales, but paying $30 for my entree just felt like a rip off. 
I ordered their seafood pasta special which included large scallops, shrimp, and clams over a bed of pasta. It tasted pretty good, but I've had better. Also, even though it feels awkward, it would have helped if I would have asked how much the specials were because they were around $10 more than several of the other regular menu items I was considering, and had I known this in advance, maybe I would have been more satisfied with my meal. 
The friends I was with felt the same way about the place. Average tasting food and a bit pricey. One of my friends got the salmon special (around $30), and my other friend ordered the crab ravioli. We enjoyed the dining experience -- the waiter was very friendly, and we got a nice table by the window--but I don't think we'll be coming back.Should be rated much higher than 3 stars! Hopefully my review helps...great food, wine and service. Our waiter/manager was exceptional. I highly recommend Bellini.The one star I am giving is for our waiters wonderful service and their good bread. The lack of stars is mainly directed towards the way we were treated by the owner and the extremely overpriced corking fee of $240 (for having a few $9 bottles of wine!). My friends and I have been coming to Bellini for the past 4 years to celebrate various birthdays and special occasions because of their wonderful accommodation with larger parties, good food, and allowing us to bring our own bottles. This last visit was expected to be just like any other, until we were abruptly greeted by the owner at the door to tell us this is not a byob and hasn't been for the last 3 years (we've never heard this before). He continues to tell us we will be charged a $20 corking fee PER PERSON, which is insane. Not only that, but after waiting 40 minutes for our reserved table, as soon as we sat down, the owner came to our table to not greet us and apologize for the long wait, but instead to rudely tell us at this is a fine dining restaurant and to not get rowdy. I would certainly not classify this restaurant as fine dining. The food was not as good as it has been in previous years either. It was very disappointing to say the least to be treated this way. It's a shame, but we won't be returning.Dont come here for a group formal! The ambiance was nice and the staff was really great, but the food, at least from the set course, was absolutely terrible. The bread was less then mediocre, we all had caesar salads of varying amounts/different vegetables put in them and the main courses were just flat out disappointing. The cod I got tasted like nothing and though the staff was quick and happy to re-season it, most people did not enjoy their meals at all. The only decent thing was the dessert but even that was just okay.Restaurant Week trial, it was ok. Nothing stood out, nothing was absolutely terrible. I would not return, there are just to many places to visit. 
Service was back-asswards, appetizers came out first, then they brought out the salads. Entree was subpar, dessert was nice. One and Done.This is my go to place with girls for dinner at a BYOB before going out for the night. We can usually always get a reservation, even for a group. They are so nice and the service is always really great. The food can be hit or miss, sometimes I have had the best food ever and sometimes it has just been ok. However, I keep going back. Most of their desserts are really good also. Only problem is when I leave I am so full. I recommend it.Food was mediocre at best. Had the seafood pasta and it was overly salted to compensate for a lack of flavor. For the price there are many other local options that are much better. Service was average. The wine was the only thing that I was happy with.We had made reservations a week in advance and confirmed the morning of the scheduled date. Everything seemed 'good to go.' As we arrived (on time) at the restaurant, the host assured us that our table would be ready in fifteen minutes. He even graciously offered to hold our wine bottles while we waited outside. However, after thirty minutes of waiting, we were growing a bit anxious.
We inquired with the host about the hold up and he assured us it would be just another minute or two. At that point, we had already waited 30 minutes, what was an extra couple? At the 45 minute mark, we had asked for our bottles of wine back, and the host had the gall to "politely" refuse and said they were setting up the table.
After 50 minutes of waiting, I begrudgingly agreed to my friends' request to dine at the restaurant as their hunger-dom had overwhelmed them.
Being a party of four, I was appalled to see that we were seated at a make-shift bistro table designed for two people. To make matters worse, one of the seats was positioned in front of the shelf that held all the dishes and napkins and utensils. The staff constantly excused themselves to reach around the chair to get napkins--who does that?
The food was good (nothing spectacular but good nonetheless). The chef even came out and asked if we enjoyed our meal.
After dinner, as soon as our plates were cleared, the staff and host began to rush the smaller parties out the door as there was a group of 18 coming. It was a terrible experience.
In short: good food but not worth the hassle with the staff.Saturday evening pre-show 5:30 reservations for 6. Seated without waiting, ordered promptly and appetizers came out promptly and as always were very tasty. Salads were delayed . Waiter informed us there was a hold up in the kitchen so our entrees would also be delayed. No big deal, we were enjoying our wine and company. Main dishes arrived by about 6:45. Food was well prepared , sauces were well made, presentation was professional.
Here's the rub, we ordered coffee and desserts and as the waiter brought them out he informed us that the hostess was urging him get us to leave so others could be seated. I have never been asked to vacate a table. It was a silly thing to do since we had to leave in a few minutes anyway to attend a show and the delays were their fault not ours. Also be aware that a 20% gratuity is added to any group of 5 or more diners. So be careful, there are also suggested gratuities printed on the bottom of your check.
The food is very good, it's a BYOB, you will spend 25 to 50 dollars a person , the tables are crowded together , and on a busy night you may be asked to rush along so others may be seated. And don't double tip! It's your call.went for a surprise dinner.  had a party of around 20.  the 'host' or whatever he was wouldn't sit us until everyone was there, despite the fact that it was supposed to be a surprise.  he also was very rude and raised his voice with me because 'i didn't know how a BYOB works...people like to sit and drink after dinner.'  then what's the point of a reservation?  finally got our table, but then there were little fruit flies all over the wall by our table.  flying around our heads and open wine bottles.  kinda gross.  despite this, the food was half decent.My girlfriend and I came here for dinner one night, amidst a summer storm, and I have to say, our experience was rather....interesting.  After dodging the rain to arrive at the restaurant as quickly and safely as possible, I sat down and began scanning the menu.  The server was very animated and took our drink orders, so when he mentioned that they had a peach syrup they could mix with any drink, I settled on a peach lemonade, and ended up getting fettucine alfredo with shrimp for my main course.  We had both ordered a cup each of the mushroom soup, but they forgot to bring it (because our server got distracted), so I brought it up to another server who came to check on us, and he asked if we still wanted the soup--my girlfriend said no, but I said yes, so they brought it to me and I downed it!  Our original server came back over to our table and apologized for forgetting the soup, so as a token of his apology, he offered us a complimentary dessert--we chose the chocolate mousse cake....AMAZING! The aftermath?  Great food, reasonable portions, but there was a large group of people in the restaurant the same time we were there who were having a rather vulgar and inappropriate conversation.  The server apologized, but it would have been nice if those people had toned it down or apologized to us personally.First, I need to get my rant out of the way, every time I've been here with a larger party, we get seated in the Awkward Corner which is opposite the entrance. Booth seating runs the length of one wall, and at the far end there is a table for two stuffed behind a giant pillar. They love to set long runs right on top of this table for two, and the table at the end is wider meaning less room for the diners seated there. Once they tried to move the table behind the pillar and add it to our party to make an L shape, which made our seating extremely cramped and awkward.
Mention this, and you will get attitude. Come on, Bellini. You know it's awkward. You know it will make your diners pissy. Just stop it, ok?
The service itself isn't BAD, but the wait staff always seems ornery and fake-friendly. Expect a 20% service charge on a large party. Yes, 20% versus everyone else's 18% because clearly they believe they are 2% better. I typically tip 20% or more, but I'm a bit offended by this given awkwardness and fake-friendliness.
On to the food. Some of the dishes are very, very good. Homemade pasta? Yes, please. Panini for lunch? Heck yes. Salads? All of them are delicious. You can get a solid meal here without spending a ton of money. Shellfish is usually overcooked, so I avoid that (but to be fair to Bellini, most restaurants overcook their shellfish and I just cook my own at home now). Do go for the specials if they sound interesting, but beware the price markup because it can be steep.My meet up group visited this BYOB during Restaurant Week.. This restaurant can not  handle the huge crowds that event brings. It is too small , is no place to sit  while you wait  for your table .Ten minutes  after we were seated we were told not asked to move to make room for a larger  party.We were never offered an app or extra dessert for the move.The host was very rude with members of my party before I got there over some confusion about our reservation. The three course meal would have been nice had the soup 2 of us ordered was not cold and one of the meals ordered was wrong..What was offered was good another save  for this place.The corrected meal did not come back until most of my party were finished eating.The desserts also saved this disaster of night . The staff did  their best to cover for the rudeness of the host and the delays in the kitchen. This place was very noisy and  it made it difficult to hear  my party but I could hear the conversation of  the noisy  females at the next table. I really was looking forward to eating here and now I look forward to telling everyone I know don't botherI went here for restaurant week with a few friends.  We had a 4 course meal for $35 bucks each.  When we first got there we were greeted by the owner who took us to our seat in the little cute italian restaurant.  Our waiter came right over to open our bottles of wine (BYOB which is always a plus) and poured us all a glass.  Everyone of in my group got something different so we could all try each thing, I did not try one thing I did not like.  Definitely would go back!This is the second time my wife and I have eaten in this restaurant. The food was fresh, well prepared and tasty. I had a pasta dish this time and my wife had fish. The service was excellent. They offer great coupons.They do not deserve any star. Went there for restaurant week (extended) because of the menu we saw to celebrate my daughter bday. They changed the menu which was not informed until we were seated. I ordered steak medium and it came out well done. The guy who served our meal tried to tell me that is medium like I have never eaten steak before. Danny's does a better steak. My son pasta was hard. We return both meal but was still charged. The manager was too busy to even talk to us. The meal was about 80 dollars and we had to go somewhere else to eat. Our waiter was nice but what can he do. DON'T GO HERE !I went here with a co-worker last week for restaurant week.  We didn't have reservations but it was a little before noon and we were seated immediately.  If we had been about 15 minutes later, we probably would have had a wait, as they filled up very quickly.  The atmosphere of the place was nice.  We had a table pretty much to ourselves, so we could easily talk and hear each other.  My friend loved her shrimp bisque soup.  My salad was so-so, nothing great, but not bad either.   For the second course, I got the gorgonzola gnocci.  They were excellent.   My friend got the Fettuccine con Gamberetti.  She thought it was kind of boring, but really enjoyed it once she added a lot of hot sauce.  For dessert, I got the chocolate mousse.  All I can say is I wish I had some of it right now.  My friend got the tiramisu and also enjoyed it.  The service we received was great, very attentive.  I think I'll give it another try at another time when it isn't restaurant week.Came here last Wednesday with my friend for SIPS. The service was pretty awful. It took forever for anyone to come and check on us after we were seated so we asked a nearby couple if we could take a look at their SIPS menu. When the waiter arrived, my friend got a Yuengling and I got the calamari and the Margherita Alle Pere. The Margherita was delicious, but when the waiter brought it out it had a fruit fly in it (which I understand can happen sometimes and isn't the reason for my bad review). The calamari was pretty standard in my opinion. 
Throughout our time there, we both felt ignored by the waiters (as in we continuously were unable to catch their attention when they were right next to us and in our line of vision). Additionally, once when my friend was talking to one of the waiters he literally turned his body and started staring out of the front door in the middle of her sentence for what seemed like no reason. Pretty rude. 
Around 6:45PM, our waiter came by and removed our SIPS menus from the table without even saying a word and handed them to another table in the restaurant. This happened to be right before we wanted to order another drink. Also pretty rude. And afterwards, it took forever to get anyone back over to us so we could order another drink before SIPS ended.
Finally, when they brought our check, they charged my friend $4 each for two Yuenglings when their menu clearly said Yuenglings were $3. (And SIPS deals are always $3 beers as well). When we asked him about it, the waiter told us that they recently changed their menu and that the beers were supposed to be $4. He pointed our attention to the chalkboard sign outside which said $4 beers. It seemed like BS to me - your printed menu says $3, and the SIPS menu says $3, and when we walked in the door you asked me, "Oh, are you here for SIPS?", but then you charge me $4 because a chalkboard sign that you could have changed this morning says $4... that is not right.
We paid in cash and didn't bother with much tip as we really did not enjoy our time there. The waiter basically ran to the checkbook as we left which was highly amusing because no waiter ever responded to us that quickly when we actually needed them. Maybe they didn't deem us classy enough to be there (my friend and I are both grad students who came straight after lab with our book bags in tow). Anyway, if someone treats me like they don't expect a good tip, then they probably won't get one. So we didn't leave one. I won't be going back.A centrally located BYOB restaurant near Rittenhouse, Bellini is just yet another Italian restaurant. I wish so much that I can find an Italian place in Philly with just a bit of an extra spark, but so far... nothing. 
The place seemed better suited for an older crowd, and my group of rowdy MBA students seemed a bit out of place. This place would be great for a date or a celebratory dinner though.
There was nothing especially memorable about the dinner. The bill was over $35 per person, including a main for each person and a few shared appetizers. This is a bit more than what I would have expected to pay for mediocre food.Failing to get seats in other restaurants, we were walking in the pouring rain to find somewhere to eat. Bellini Grill seemed too fancy from outside but we walked in to a half filled restaurant and asked if they welcome walk-ins.  The manager/hostess was very nice and got a table for us right away.
The place got packed as soon as we were seated. It took them about 10 min to come by and take our orders. Food came out faster on other tables even though we ordered before them, which made all of us frustrated. 
Food was delicious,though. 
I had::Vitello alla Parmigiana -Freshly breaded veal topped with marinara and provolone over a bed of linguini
My friends had other veal dishes, pasta and steak - all pretty good. 
One reason why it had to be 3-star:: the owner(?) came by our table at the end and tell us that it's cash only because the credit card machine is broken. REALLY? They should've told us before! My friend had to walk out in the rainstorm to go to ATM nearby and take out cash...
Not sure if I'll go back, but if you exploring Italian food in Philly, give it a try.We have walked by Bellini Grill countless times and never popped in.   I finally decided to book on OpenTable and go for dinner with a friend who was in from out of down.  We brought a bottle of wine, and were seated at a lovely table by the window for some quality people-watching.
The food is phenomenal and it is a great BYO. I would definitely recommend for any occasion. They have a lovely, intimate environment, and the service was great as well.Had lunch today with 4 friends at Bellini restaurant which we all thought was very good. I arrived a little early and the restaurant was busy...good sign. Since my friends and I hadn't seen each other in a long time it was going to be a long lunch and so we brought some wine (it's a BYOB). Can't wait to back for dinner.It was nice that the restaurant allowed for custom pasta creations.  The food wasn't horrible, but the linguine w/ clams it was too salty and some of the clams had sand in them.  I would stick to meat sauces, but you do happen to be there.  However, there are better Itialian restaurants in the city.I went here only once - as it did not warrant a return visit.  (There are better Italian places nearby and not so nearby.)  But we had a nice, passable - albeit not very memorable - meal here on a cold winter night.
I had a very nice salmon dish and my (then fiance now) husband has a pasta dish with sausage and peppers.  Both were just OK.  (Mine was better than his, IMO.)  We also tried the "wedding" soup which was way, way too salty.
The servers were pleasant enough and attentive.We are staying at a nearby hotel, visiting our daughter at Penn.  The weather is terrible, and we wanted someplace close-by, good and reasonably priced.  Bellini Grill fit the bill, and we gave it a try.
Bellini got mixed reviews and I would like to add my two cents.  We had five people, including two more Penn students, and every one of us enjoyed our meals.  The menu is pretty extensive with standard Italian dishes, but they were very well executed.  The Caesar salad was very good, with white rather than normal, anchovies.  The red pepper and artichoke salad was superb.  The angel hair with crabmeat was delicious, as was the chicken balsamico.  The veal with asparagus and artichoke hearts was good, not outstanding.  The other dishes also got very good reviews, though I didn't try them.  Being BYO is great, and we had a nice bottle of wine from a nearby wine store.
People have commented on feeling rushed, and I think the waitstaff is sensitive to this complaint.  We did not feel rushed at all, though they are obviously trained to remove plates when diners are done, but it would be better if they waited until everyone at the table was done.  
All in all, it was a very satisfying experience.  It is not a five star restaurant, but for this type of restaurant, in this location and with most entrees around $20 or less (except the specials, which jump substantially, so don't be shy to ask the prices), it is a very good value and a good restaurant.Good food -- a tad overpriced. Shocking volume in small room. Girls night out or something? Why must they shout like high schoolers? Dover sole WAY overpriced at $42! GREAT service! Richard via Junto.blogspot.comThere were a few mediocre and bad reviews here on Yelp, but we enjoyed this restaurant.  The appetizers, food and desserts were delicious.  Service was not 100% there for you, but when asked for water or more bread, they came over right away.
BYOB.This has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I've been there many times over the last few years and, each time, the service is top-notch, the food is wonderful and the price is reasonable. It's BYOB, so bring your own bottle of wine and enjoy a great dining experience!I stopped in here once years ago, but that visit wasn't so memorable. After this visit, on Sunday I know why I never went back.
The lovely wife and I had just left a matinee performance of Tancredi, right around the corner at the Academy of Music. It was a little after 5:40 PM, and we were hungry, so why not follow up an Italian opera with an Italian meal?
The service was slow to start off with. It took forever to even find out who was our waiter was. Right off the bat, I was disappointed by the fact that she spilled drops of wine on our table while pouring the first glasses and didn't bother to clean the spilled wine. I had to clean it myself using the cloth napkin from the bread basket. BTW, the bread they give you to start the meal sucks, and it comes with those little plastic butter containers. Like in a cheap diner.
The menu reads very well, but the execution in the kitchen is dismal. The gnocchi do not taste homemade. My guess is they buy it from the supermarket with their bread. The Gorgonzola sauce tastes like it's from a supermarket jar too. We didn't bother finishing the gnocchi. Not worth the calories when it's that awful.
Next for me came this black risotto. Disgusting is all I can say, get this; To save money, it appears they slice a single scallop into three rounds. At their price point, that is a pure rip off. Of course, I didn't finish that rubbish either.
I tasted my wife's entree, a special of linguini and seafood, and I wasn't the least bit impressed with that either. (Same trick with her over-salted scallop as well.)
I'm kicking myself that I didn't just collect my car from the garage after the opera and take a little ride down to Panorama down in Olde City. I think it may be more expensive, but it's worth it if you appreciate good food.My super attractive and amazing Fiance and I traveled to the city to meet up with some friends and check out Bellini Grill.  I'm always up for a new and delicious BYOB.  In this case, it was mostly new. 
The service wasn't too bad. I can't really knock them since we may or may not have been acting like we had 4 Bottles of wine on the table (we finished).  And seriously, who has all that "city money" to spend afterwards anyway?  Gotta save where you can.  Anyway, the apps were decent.  Calamari and Bruschetta were worth it. The bread and dip it came with were also a stand-out. 
Entrée time: The ladies ordered some sort of spaghetti with crab meat. The crab meat was lacking almost as much as the flavor. I like a good crab sauce and this didn't really cut it. 
Now, the appeal of a BYOB is mostly that it's a cost-efficient way to dine. I made a horrible mistake and I'm not proud of it. I noticed that their meat/beef selections consisted mainly of veal. I'm never a fan of veal; however, I figured if they had so much veal to offer, there must be a reason.  Perhaps this is the hidden veal capital of Philly! So as soon as I heard that one of the specials was a veal chop with broccoli rabe, I was all in.  The meal overall, was just ok. The cost of the meal was outrageous.  A $31 dollar special! When I go out to dinner, I don't mind spending money on an amazing dish that was unforgettable, but the only thing I'll remember here was that I paid 31 bucks for a sub-par meal.  What made it worse is the fact that they had half a menu's worth of veal selections for $15.  Did I pay extra for the bone? Please, Mr. Bellini, I'd like to get back to discussing food and not price.  
I enjoyed the decor and bright lighting. Sometimes it's a nice change of pace to see everything you eat. It's probably a nice place for a loud family dinner.  
So overall, I'd like people to try this place out for themselves, but proceed with caution.  Finally, check the price of that special before you order it!We went here for my bff's bachelorette party dinner.  They were super accommodating to our large group.  After calling about 100 byos in the city, they were the only that would take a reservation for 18. We arrived about 20 minutes early and they sat us immediately. The staff was great.  The food was awesome.  The atmosphere was lovely.  Highly recommend.We came across this little restaurant on 16th street while in search for an Italian Restaurant and wandering the streets of Philly City Center.  We looked at the menu and decided it was worth a try so we walked in and sat down.
The menu offered a good variety of appetizers as well as main dishes.  I ordered the Arugula salad and for the main dish Pollo Rosmarino something with grilled veggies accompanying it.  None of us regretted selecting this restaurant.  The food was delicious, the ambiance was warm and welcoming, service was good, and very resonably priced.I chose this restaurant based off of it's great location and my love of authentic Italian cuisine. I was celebrating my 23rd birthday and was very anxious to try out Bellinis. To say the very least the entire meal from entree size and taste to service were an absolute let down. They claim they are BYOB, but STILL charge a corkage fee of $25 per bottle ( what's the point ?). I ended up spending a ridiculous amount of money for a forgettable birthday dinner. The best part was when we were preparing to leave, the maitre'd came over to tell us to leave because they had other patrons waiting to have a seat. Overall: overpriced food, mediocre service, non-existent hospitality. CHEERS! 
If you love Italian food and culture I would recommend Olive Garden over Bellinis Grill in Rittenhouse.Bellini in two words...
Never again.
My first impression of Bellini came a few years ago when a date suggested it for dinner...I felt that any restaurant that displays "Fine Dining Restaurant" on their marquee couldn't possibly be what it says.  Maybe the huge grapes on the sign should have tipped me off, too.  While we didn't go there for dinner that night, I did go there a few weeks ago for dinner with family and friends...Needless to say, I should have trusted my first impression.
After making a reservation for a party of 9, we arrived at the restaurant and were seated at a table in the far corner.  The restaurant was so crammed with tables that it was hard to maneuver between them...but that's not incredibly unusual. I did feel bad for the party of three who were sitting at a table behind us.  They were stuck between a pillar and a wall and couldn't get out unless they moved the table.  Definitely a fire hazard!  It got worse when the restaurant staff actually took one of our tables away and squeezed us even further into the corner.  No joke!  Apparently because we had made our reservation after a large bachelor party looking group and they needed another table, we had to give up ours.  We were pretty much sitting on top of each other, had corners of the tables going into our stomachs and couldn't move.  If we hadn't already ordered we would have left.  I've never experienced such ridiculousness.
As for the food....eh.  It was fine...small dishes...and several mistakes.
Décor....cheesy.
Owner/manager...terrible attitude.
Thank goodness for good wine and good company, but we would have been better off at Olive Garden!This was place was a great little surprise. I'll admit from the outside it looked like it could be a pizza place, but once you step inside you are transported to Italy! They have murals all over the walls and Italian opera playing in the back ground. Me and my gf were seated right by the window in a cozy, romantic table. 
The waiter appeared immediately to uncork our bottle. We started with the Escargot, which was cooked perfectly in a delicious sauce. I had the veal and rack of lamb over a pawlenta cake special. The veal was slightly burnt and a little dry, but the rack of lamb was cooked perfectly. My gf had mussels and clams over a risoto, that she loved. I didn't get a chance to try the homemade pasta, but I'm going back again on Sunday for Easter with the family so hopefully I will then!
One great  thing about this BYOB that some others could learn from, is the speed at which they serve. It was very European, they didn't rush the food out or rush us out of the table as soon as we were done. We had a bottle of wine and we planned on finishing it. I hate when BYOBs are trying to get a massive turnover, and this place did nothing like that. We spent about an hour and half there relaxing and enjoying a great meal. Glad I found this hole in the wall!I only went once to Bellini grill so far but I can tell you that I will be back! We went during the day, so it wasn't too crowded. It was quiet, and the service was excellent! I ordered the bruchetta as an appetizer, and then Linguine Puttanesca for the main course. I can honestly say, I have never tasted better pasta in my life anywhere else! The  sauce was exquisite! I recommend!Lovely BYO. Came by for a romantic dinner with my girlfriend and to my chagrin, i dropped (and shattered) my bottle of wine as I sat down. The servers immediately cleaned up, and asked what kind I had brought to being me a replacement bottle. I was fully expecting to see a charge on the bill for the full bottle of chardonnay, only to realize that they had comped it. :)I came here for a friends surprise birthday on a Thursday night. The place was completely empty.
The portion sizes are perfect and the price was great too ($15-$20) for an entrée. 
In the beginning before we ordered, the chef came out to talk to us because there was no one else in the restaurant, which was nice. He told us that all the pasta is made fresh every morning there and that he couldn't wait to cook for us! 
Everyone liked their meals - I got the cheese gnocchi and asked for some grated parm on top and the waiter said, "Um I don't recommend that." Initially I was thinking, 'UMM excuse me sir, I love cheese and I'll have all the cheese I want!' It turns out, he was so right. The gnocchi was super cheesy all on its own. He saved me from a tummy ache. 
Overall good experience for a slow nightThe food was amazingly delicious, I had the pasta with chicken my husband had the lobster ravioli both delicious.  The pasta was heavenly the service was impeccable, spot on.  We didn't have a reservation, which I suggest ,but were graciously seated. All visitors to Philly check out the liquor situation.  This establishment encourages BYOB, but can provide a limited wine selection.  The space is beautiful and somewhat noisy but not overwhelmingly so.We went with a party of 10 and the service was impeccable. They were very attentive to all of our needs. The food was very good. All 10 people enjoyed their entress and appetizers. It is a BYPB and we brought severalo bottles of wine and they were very accomodating. They even let me sing to some of their customers.Love this place. Food service atmosphere and price. Go here. Love it. I'm writing this sentence to make my review longer. Just go here.I've eaten here a few times, most recently last night.  Excellent meal...and the BYOB factor helps.  We had a party of 5, 3 of whom showed up 15 minutes late.  The first 2 were sat immediatly (and the place was packed).  A server walked through the place with a large pot of pasta giving each table a small serving to taste (it was yummy!)  Yes, the place is small and gets crowded and noisy.  However, the food and lovely decor detract from that.
I had the salmon and it was great.  One of our very hungry male guests ordered the seafood ravioli.  When it came with only a few on the plate he mentioned to the waiter he was much hungrier than this would satisty, they brought out 2 more ravioli for free.  Overall portion sizes are decent.  No, you're not getting Spagetti house enormous size portions...but is that really necessary anyway!??
Perfect go to Italian place to beat high prices and get a great dinner.Really enjoyed our evening at Bellini's. Both rhe food and service were great! Had the seafood linguine  with white  sauce absolutely delicious!  The chocolate mouse with  a hint of mint is totally  worth the calories! Definitely  will go here again!I absolutely love it here! Been many times and the food is always amazing and the service is exceptional. Have had several waiters for the various times I have been there and they're all trained well and personable. Food is reasonably priced too. This will continue to be a place I go to for dinners with friends and family! BYOB!!I recently went here for lunch and ordered the gnocchi, which I thought was delicious. The service was very good here and for lunch we were able to get a great 3 course meal but they were also conscious of it being a workday and there service was efficient.It sounds like other reviewers experienced great service, but unfortunately that was not the case for my friends and me.  We waited about 25 minutes between our soup and entrees (way too long IMO for lunch) and when they brought out the entrees two of the three were wrong.  They brought replacements fairly quick but mine was still wrong (only slightly but I  did not say anything because we were very short on time).  When our bill came it was completely wrong, except for my order which was the one that didn't come correct on 2 attempts.  Our bill once corrected was $15 less.  I was disappointed that we did not get a geniune apology for any of the goofs.This place could be incredible; unfortunately the service is not good and the food is hit or miss. We were "welcomed" by a very young inexperienced hostess. Despite the place being nearly empty, she attempted to seat us at a table that was being blocked by a party of 10 at the bar. She couldn't understand why we wouldn't sit down; we literally could not sit. The place is wall to wall tables and they attempt to bring food out on carts that couldn't make it past the seats comfortably. I kept getting bumped into. The waiter gave us time to purview the menus and disappeared for 20 minutes. I saw him drying glasses and making drinks at the bar. Perhaps hire more waitstaff or a bartender??? The food is ok; the mushroom risotto was fabulous. Salmon was good, side veggies were good. Branzino was not good; I've had so much better. Hope to find a better Italian place in Philly soon!Horrible! We were a bigger party and knowing that we made a reservation for 8:30. We got seated after 9:15 and although we had an excellent waiter
Chris, we got 'greeted' by the chef at the end of the night, he came over, tried to talk to us in Italian and found out he was telling us to keep quiet! Seriously you own a small restaurant and took a reservation for 11 people, what do you expect! From there we felt insulted and  wanting to leave!Dont judge this book by its cover, the outside looks a little cheesy, and yea the inside isnt a whole lot better, but the food makes it worth bearing the gaudy. The server was nice and tried really hard, and honestly if you try then that's good enough for me. we got a order of bruschetta which turned out to be really good. I ordered the pollo Saltimbocca which was really delicious and my wife got the gnocci. The actual pasta were great, perfectly cooked and tender but the sauce tasted too sweet almost like a bad pizza sauce. Also the creme brulee and sorbet were amazing. Overall a good experience.This was the worst dining experience we have ever had. It is a shame too, because it could have been a good evening.
First off, the food was good. Not great, and maybe not worth the price, but I would have been fine with it except for the service.
The short version: The owner is disingenuous and a liar. He treated our party with no respect, no concern for our experience, and showed us the ugly side of philadelphia. He needs to learn some customer service skills, and care more about his customers.
The long version (still condensed): We had reservations for 8 for 6pm, that kept getting pushed back and we ended up showing up at 5:45. Half our party was running late. They seated our initial 4 anyways, and only came around the table to fill water and ask us where the rest of our party was. 
Once we ordered some apps, they finally brought us some bread and asked us about drink orders.
We were further pressured to order our meals - and finally did before the rest of our group arrived. They were about 45 minutes late, and ordered quickly. 
At just before 8pm we were asked if we wanted dessert or coffee and we declined. We were given the check. We asked about splitting and were told we could use 4 cards equally, which was fine with us. A minute later the owner came over and said the credit card system was down, and they could only accept cash. He pointed us to an ATM across the street. A number of us from the group walked over to get cash, and another asked about writing a check which the owner said was fine. When we came back from getting cash the others in our group said they saw other customers paying with credit cards. We asked the owner about this and he got hostile quickly saying we had been in his restaurant for 4 hours, and half our party was very late, and that we must pay cash! A couple of the guys in our group were not happy with this and argued with him, and it got heated and the owner yelled and made it clear he lied about the credit cards being down and that paying cash was his way of getting back at us. He was completely unprofessional.
Before a fight could break out, we left cash to cover the tab and got out of there. Never have I felt so badly about spending money (it was not cheap either), on a dining experience. I could never recommend anyone visit this restaurant as long as it is owned by the current person.Every time I come here, it's just fantastic. The waiters and hosting staff are so friendly and attentive, and they just make dining here an enjoyable experience overall. It's also a lovely ambiance and you can actually enjoy a long dinner and conversation, without feeling rushed.
Not to mention the food! My Dad is 100% Italian and very picky about his pasta...and he was still raving about his meal the next day. You also can't beat a byob PLUS a full bar just in case you want to end your meal with some limoncello!We love Bellini Grill. One of our favorite places to eat when we come to Philly.Came here for my birthday dinner the other night and overall the experience was positive. We made reservations for five people and when we arrived we were promptly greeted and shown to our table. The service was very good; our waiter was very knowledgable of the menu and accommodated us with all our requests. As for the food: my meal ( pasta seafood special of the night) was average. The overall dish lacked flavor and was nothing special. My other guests had the following: anatra al forno (slow roasted half duck) which was very flavorful but the duck was slightly overcooked, lasagna which was very good and portioned well, and a pasta with chicken dish (which was specially made as a request) which was delicious. Glad to have tried this restaurant and will keep it on the radar for future nights out.I don't understand the low stars.  My friends and I have been here numerous times for lunch and once for dinner, and the owner or manager is always very friendly and accommodating, and is always joking around with us when we check in and during our meal.  The service has always been wonderful and friendly, and the food is always delicious. So, I don't get the low ratings - we love it here. Give it a try!I went here for a quick lunch with my mom after we had gotten our hair done. We had a really nice time! Service was very good (probably because we were the only ones there) and the food was great! I ordered a mushroom stuffed ravioli and my mom ordered a veal parm panini. Both were very tasty and the pasta was cooked very well. The sauce was just enough and they didn't over do it as if you were at a tacky Olive Garden.I have walked by this more times than I can count. I went here on my first day at a new job... Boss' treat!
I had a mushroom soup and the Caesar salad with chicken. The soup was really good!!! The salad dressing however was really mayo-tasting and thick... it didn't sit well. Doesn't help that it was my first day... it just wasn't a good salad. Sorry...
The paninis looked good and their special salad sounded really good as well, it was shrimp, calamari and salmon.. all 3 on the salad! it looked good I just don't like it when the shrimp is staring back at me, I have a soul and I can't eat them...
I don't know if I'll be back on my own and venture outside the menu even though it received praises from my boss and his coworker. Perhaps, one day... I just wasn't blown away.I've been to Bellini Grill a few times, most recently last week. I love that it is a BYOB and they don't charge any type of corkage fee, like some other sleezy restaurants might do. The service is great (although I can't tell if those are real Italian accents?), and the portions are huge. I really enjoyed the caprese salad appetizer, and the Chicken Saltimbocca - very flavorful. I have never seen such a huge piece of chicken - and I ate the whole thing! I can't think of anything I don't like about the place!3 of us dined here recently on a Saturday before the theater.  Arrived early for dinner - 5:30 and by 6:30 there was a line out the door.  Place was packed; very convenient location; only a 2 block walk to the Broad St. theater district plus finding a BYO in Center City Philly is a rare treat.  We're spoiled residents of Chester County, PA where wonderful BYO's abound.  The service was terrific; very quick.   Food was very good.  My husband's veal parm looked wonderful (he hoarded it so I did not get a piece ha!) and I had the Branzino which was filleted table side perfectly.  Started out with a Caesar salad which was very fresh and my other two guests had the Lobster Bisque as an appetizer which they enjoyed.  Desserts were really good; I had the chocolate mousse pie - heavenly; one guest had the flan and the other the ice cream trio.  So, all-in-all, a very nice dinner.Second time coming here for a work lunch and definitely was not disappointed - food and service was great. Our larger party was in and out within the hour and the restaurant wasn't very crowded for a Monday lunch. Will return more often!Came here for lunch with a client. Ordered a Panino all Italiano sandwich. Tasted funny. We told the waiter, who offered to bring something else. The chef came out and offered to bring something else as well. We opted not to - at that point we didn't feel confident in the food and didn't want to take the time to try again. I do not know if the food was bad, not prepared properly or just not to our liking. I'm going to assume there was something wrong with it.
Now, if I owned a restaurant, my top priority would be to make the customer happy. Period. If other food was not going to make them happy, at the very least, I'd not charge them. Instead, when I was charged for the uneaten sandwich and asked about it, I was told that I turned down the offer of more food and that the owner "still had to pay for the food that was prepared" (and not eaten). Not at all a professional way to do business!
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone based solely on how this was handled.Was there last night for dinner and had a wonderful time. The service was great and the meal was amazing. I ordered the calamari appetizer and was not disappointed. For the main course I went with the seafood medley with risotto which was incredible. Even though they closed at 9 and our reservation was for 8, we did not fee rushed at all and even had dessert and coffee. I love this place and will definitely be returning.I would have to agree with a lot of other people about this spot.  For me personally it was pretty awful.  Dinner for 2 took 2 hours. No apps or deserts were ordered.  
Service was extremely slow, rushed to order.  Food took 30 mins to come out and when it did it was crappy.  Pasta was stuck together and very starchy.  Couldn't believe what came out.  But as I looked around other peoples dinners looked good and edible.  Mine was not unfortunately.  I would not return or recommend this place to anyone.  Cramped and the service was bad.My party and I were very unimpressed with our meal here. The wait staff was inattentive to our needs, not bringing enough menus and giving us attitude when we asked for the check.
The food was subpar - not the greatest italian food I've had, but not the worst. The tables were on top of each other, and the AC was either not on or they don't have one, providing for a very uncomfortable eating experience. Overall, I would not return- far too pricey for the quality.We went for lunch with a party of 10 following the University Of Penn Sunday Graduation. (which was also Mother's Day)The staff were very patient, friendly and very accommodating with everyone enjoying their meals. some of the dishes the group had were the Tortelonni, the Cesare salad, chicken Parmesan.  The only minor "issue" is that we had to order off the dinner menu, lunch menu was not available.I recently went here for a friends birthday party and was happy to find they were able to carve out space for 10 of us in their restaurant. I had the gnocchi di spinach, which was very flavorful although the portion size seems a bit small for the price. It was a birthday part so we got desserts as well!! The cannoli was the best part of the night. It actually tasted as good if not better than the few I had in the Italian market.  We also had the chocolate mousse which was just the right amount of sweet. The service was great although it did get slower towards the end of our meal and we had to flag down staff for the check, but I guess that's better than being rushed out hahaALL DINERS ARE NOT CREATED EQUAL!
Just left Bellini Grill and was so disappointed.  Let me start by saying we have been to the same restaurant many times and brought several if our friends here.  During all of these visits we have never had a bad experience at this restaurant -- until tonight.  While the evening started off well it quickly went downhill.  Let me explain.  
We arrived for our reservation early but our table was not ready.  No problem right?  They invited us to wait at the bar.  After the bartender offered to make us a drink he apologized for our table (by this time the table was late) and offered to pay for our drinks.  Thought that was pretty cool and very customer focused right?  It stopped there.  Please note we did not ask him to comp our drinks nor did we make a fuss about the table being late.  
When we got to our table we both ordered an appetizer and an entree.  It took them forever to clear the table after our first course.  In fact when they brought our entree the dirty dishes from our appetizers we're still on the table.  They just moved the dishes around to get our food on the table.  Then it took them forever to remove our entree dishes which need wrapping.  
Did I mention that we were a table of two?   Right next door was a table of five who arrived after us.  They received their meal about the same time as we did but honestly I wasn't paying attention to how quickly their table was cleared.  The server asked them if they wanted dessert and they declined.  The server then brought them a round of home made grappa and made a big deal about the fact that it was made in house and that it was on the house.  In our previous visits to this restaurant they offered complimentary limoncello at the end of the meal.  So when the server asked us about dessert we said no thanks we will just have some of that homemade grappa.  His response was "well we can't just throw that around ".  So I asked him "so it's ok for that table but not for us" and his response was "well I gave you two drinks already".    Then he came back a few minutes later with two glasses of grappa and told us "he said it was ok". Who is he?
We were very disappointed with this whole situation in addition to the rest of our experience during the evening.  So when we got the bill we left a 10% tip and just so it was clear that we were not just poor tippers, we put a note on the bill "service was disappointing".  
So beware if you are a table of two in a sea of larger tables.  Your service may not be the same even though your money spends the same way.The food is so-so, but the manager is so incredibly rude that it's not worth going here even if your dinner is free. It's unfortunate for the servers because they are very nice.I scarcely know where to begin. A friend of mine had a small get-together for his birthday, and chose Bellini only after plans at another restaurant fell through. We were a party of 10, with reservations a week in advance. My girlfriend and I arrived about 15 minutes late, and upon arrival learned that nobody could begin drinking their wine or ordering until our the entire party arrived. We ordered. Waiter was nice, but a little awkward. No problems here.  We were cramped up in the corner, but that was fine. My food was absolutely atrocious. Salmon/pasta dish that tasted like ramen noodles. I even let this slide.
We were rushed the entire meal. Of course the waiter was the mouth piece, but I could tell he was getting pressure from the owner, as he was reluctant to tell us how another party was awaiting their seat. As we were rushed to pay the bill, the waiter explained that we could only use two credit cards, which had to be split evenly? When I inquired about this unique policy, he said that he did not have a POS and their system was old. This was a LIE, as I saw the ubiquitous ALOHA! System in the back corner. In addition to their weird "policy," they AUTOMATICALLY added 20% gratuity. So reluctantly, we began trying to figure our how to divvy up the cash/card payments. The waiter "compromised" with us that we could use four cards.
As we took a few minutes to get the money in order, the rather small OWNER with Napoleon's Syndrome marched over to our table and tersely ordered us to LEAVE. We weren't even finished paying yet! So I (admittedly) lost my temper and spoke out: I told him to leave the table, and he immediately stood and front of me and tried to kick me out without my credit card! I refused to leave, flung a few choice words his way, and absorbed a barrage of disparaging comments.
Let me conclude by stating that I never thought that I would write a negative review of someone's business: this is their livelihood and I normally would never try to ruin that. But this little man does not belong in the food/beverage industry. I will NEVER go back, and quite frankly quiver at the thought of our great city's tourists being exposed to this small creature. Plenty of world-class restaurants in Philly - move along folks.This restaurant is getting 2 stars for the service.  We were served by Kim who was very kind and efficient .  My family and I dined here today and we were sorely disappointed. Our food was just okay with the exception of the dessert which was good. 
Prior to making a reservation I emailed ( thankfully I kept the email) about the BYOB status of the restaurant. I was told it was a BYOB with no corking fee. When our billed arrived they had tacked on not one but two corking fees ( one for our wine and one for our beer ).  The crazy part of all of this is that both were twist off caps ;hence the server never put her hands on our bottles. When I inquired about the fee to our server, the manager came over extremely hostile and angry asking us if we could not afford it ( very rude and disrespectful ). My husband practiced much patience as I explained to the manager about the email. He did everything but call me a liar, until of course, I produced the email. Needless to say the corking fee was taken off , we paid our bill and left. If you want Italian food go elsewhere. The food here is just okay really nothing special. The manager is awful.  He is arrogant and truly values his ego over his customers. I say skip the entire experience. We spent 184 dollars that would be better spent elsewhere.The best word to sum up this place is "good." It's by no means great and it's by no means bad. It just doesn't do much for me. My partner and I ordered three dishes. Our first, the Penne Bellini (mushrooms, peas and applewood smoked bacon in a creamy blush sauce with a touch of nutmeg) was excellent. We really enjoyed it and wished we ordered the large portion. How can you go wrong with a bacon dish? Yummy, yummy, trust me. Our second, Risotto con Frutti di Mare (sauteed assortment of seafood over a bed of risotto finished with extra virgin olive oil) was okay. The seafood was a bit strong. Our third dish, Vitello con Granchio (sauteed veal medallions with spinach, served in a lemon, fresh thyme and white wine sauce, topped with domestic jumbo lump crab meat) was okay, but too skimpy on the crab meat. It was a bit too lemony for my taste. Overall, an excellent and two okays yields a good at most. We really didn't appreciate being rushed out of the restaurant at the end, so this was a misstep on their part.My friends and I came here for Restaurant Week last fall. The food was great - but I was very put off by the hostess telling us we had exactly 1 hour and 15 minutes before we had to leave. I get that it's restaurant week and you're busy, but that kind of set me off a bit. 
Aside from that, the atmosphere was great, and the food was delicious. I'm not sure what the prices would be like outside of restaurant week, but I would go back and give it another shot. Also love that it's a BYOB which is great for a girls night out!I'm still not used to this whole "byob" thing, which is completely my problem but also really annoying.  Especially when you go to a place like Bellini, which freakin shares a name with a delicious alcoholic drink...wtf.  
Or ...for when you go to a place like Bellini, whose food is so boring that you really need that bottle of wine.  :(
The service was good, the waitress was very sweet and made thoughtful suggestions. Admittedly, the food of my dining companions was better than mine, but in my book there are always points for consistency.  
They also had a TV playing "food network" in plain sight which was not in keeping with the mood of the restaurant. weird.We were in Philly for the weekend and sought a good Italian restaurant to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I found Bellini on Yelp, and saw it wasn't too expensive so we stopped by.  Sunday night...not busy.  Menu looked great.  The server started off spectacular.  Had a nice Italian accent, patient, answered our questions, even took crayons right off another table to give to my daughter.  The table just turned and looked at our table, shocked that they lost their crayons.  
The bread came out, which was just a basket of cold, (like out of the fridge cold) dry, wheat like slices.  Almost like sandwich bread.  The table had a bottle of olive oil, so we were expecting the server to come back and pour the oil.  Nope.  So we did it ourselves.  Bread had to be a joke.  There's no way an Italian restaurant would serve that kind of bread, especially when other yelpers have mentioned the warm garlic bread they've received.  
After hearing the specials, which were finely introduced by the server, we declined after hearing the HIGH prices!!  
I ordered the Pollo alla Saltimbocca, which was a chicken breast with prosciutto, sage, topped with fontina cheese in a reduced Chianti sauce.  Served with grilled veggies.  The chicken was nicely plated, but it was luke warm!  The veggies were piping hot, and VERY good!!!  Potatoes had a nice crunchy exterior and were well seasoned.  Chianti sauce was delicious...I'd ask for a little more next time.  I had to pull apart the cheese to see if any prosciutto was even there, found a hair-thin piece on half the chicken.  I tasted sage twice, which complemented the chicken.  Under the cheese I found spinach, lots of spinach...which surprised me since it wasn't a mentioned ingredient on the menu.  Overall the dish was very good, and I'd order it again.  The rest of the table ordered Capellini al Pomodoro Fresco and Capellini alla Positano (lump crab meat)...which were very light in flavor and both people wouldn't order again.  My father ordered the Pollo Bellini...which he loved though his chicken dish came out luke warm too.  
The service dwindled to a halt after the food arrived.  The server never came back to see how the food was, nor did he bring a dessert menu after noticing we were done with our meals.  He downright ignored us.  We sat there for awhile and then got the menu ourselves.  He came back to the table and asked if we'd like dessert...ha...and lost his Italian accent.  We declined after seeing the hefty prices on the basic Italian desserts.  Nothing interesting or different to counteract the high prices.  
I'd go back with a coupon to try something else...with the expectation that the service might stink.It was nice to stop in for a drink at the bar before it got crowded for Friday dinner. The bartender was very keen on details, making sure each drink was done perfectly. The mussels in white wine were good, but a tad too salty for me. It was a nice experience and I liked it more than I expected.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN PHILADELPHIA. DO NOT DINE HERE.
I sent a request to Bellini to host my friend's Bachelorette Party Dinner at Bellini. Received a phone call from a manager. First of all, despite the promise of a la carte or banquet menu, I was told that we MUST order the banquet menu or our service would suffer. Secondly, I was told that we could not be accomodated at 7pm and had to move our party of 20 to 7pm. I was willing to make these accomodations... until I was told that because of my "history of a no-show and a cancellation" on my Open Table account that I had to sign a contract immediately and pay a non-refundable deposit. Interestingly, I did not no-show - an inept hostess neglected to honor my reservation - a matter which was disputed and solved by Open Table. I may have had a cancellation - My bad, I'm human, and life happens sometimes. 
After the horrible customer service, I sent the following e-mail: "Due to the appalling customer service I received on the phone today, it is clear that Bellini Grill is not the right place for our party. I won't be dining with you again. Thank you for your time." I received the following e-mail in response: "Firstabel you never Dine at Bellini
Bellini Management."
Oh, and when I "no-showed" (AKA ate an entire meal) at Bellini, the food and the service weren't stellar.
Appalling and unprofessional. Certainly not worthy of business. Plenty of other quality Italian BYOBs in the neighborhood at which to spend our money!Great food, great service, and great location. My husband and I went here before a show at the Kimmel Center and loved it. Bring a bottle of wine and a good appetite. My husband got the chicken parm and I went with the crab ravioli. Both were excellent.Super food, in a city  with a lot of good food this place stands out. Service was super the food was original, hot, and fresh. You must try it.I'd never noticed this restaurant before dining there last week with a small group after a meeting just down the street. Now that I've been introduced to the delicious food and attentive service of Bellini, I feel like I've somehow been cheated by not discovering it sooner, especially since I love BYOBs. One of my dining companions, who was both hungry and picking up the tab, encouraged me to order a lot more than I normally would have and I was happy to oblige since I couldn't pick just one thing from the tempting menu. We started with grilled calamari (tender and fresh in a lemony glaze) and escargot (a bit zestier than I'm used to and very tasty). My main course was a special, and from the way the waiter described it I was expecting a pretty standard seafood and pasta scampi dish. Instead, I received a plate with a whole lobster staring at me from under a pile of squid-ink and regular noodles dripping with a savory, garlicky sauce. Scallops graced the edge of the plate and shrimp were buried in the lobster's pasta cloak. I didn't think there was any way I could finish it, but it was so good I ate it all. For dessert, we split the creme brulee and chocolate mousse cake. The crust on the brulee could've been a bit more brittle but the flavor was perfect. The cake was just rich enough and not at all heavy like I expected. All in all, it was a fabulous dining experience.We arrived five minutes before our reservation and were seated right away - the highlight of our time there. We brought two bottles of wine - a red and a white, and had to ask twice before someone brought us something to chill our white. We drank half of the bottle warm because it took so long, and they weren't that busy. The waiter was curt and hardly came by at all. Busboys filled our water, brought us our food, and took away our plates. The waiter took our dinner order and dessert, that was all.
We ordered a small antipasto plate which was fine - did not come with much but to be fair, we did order a small. It was completely average. 
My boyfriend and friend each ordered a steak, each over $30. When the steaks came it was literally just a piece of meat with some sauce. At a more high-end restaurant, that would be fine, but since these dishes were priced considerably higher than everything else on the menu, I would think there would have been some steamed veggies or something to go with them, not just a slab of meat. The steaks were tasty, but not worth the money. 
I ordered the lobster ravioli special. The filling was tasty, but the sauce had no taste. It wasn't even too salty - in fact I would have preferred this. I felt like I was eating pure gelatin over ravioli. It was so disgusting. I couldn't finish it, and I'm the kind of person who can't leave food on a plate and I never pack a box because I eat all of my food. 
The boys shared the mousse for dessert and I had a bite, it was fine. There wasn't anything good or bad about it, it was just average. 
I will never go here again or recommend to anyone, considering the plethora of great Italian BYOBs and non-BYOBs in Philly. Go to Melograno or Mercato, where the service and food are so much better for the same price (and no corking fee like Bellini - $5 per bottle).Went here walking by on a whim. They were welcoming and sat us at the bar with drinks while we waited a few minutes for our table. For appetizers we ordered the antipasto - delicious. Also ordered the bruschetta which was delicious though we waited to eat the last piece and it got a little soggy. The table bread wasn't anything special. For the entree I ordered best lasagna I've ever had. The noodles were thin and there were so many layers. It was oddly a delicate lasagna sitting in a very fresh and light red sauce. My husband ordered the seafood linguini. They accidentally brought him the red instead of white sauce but it was delicious and they comped our dessert. I was pleasantly surprised by the creme brûlée! I'm so picky but it was creamy and light, just as it should be. 
The service was great. Everyone was very kind and friendly! On a last note, the bathrooms were extremely clean and smelled of bleach. I'm always grossed out when restaurants have gross bathrooms, but I seriously could have eaten in there. Thanks for a great and surprising dinner!What a strange dining experience. My girlfriend and I came here for Center City Sips and some dinner last week. What we got was mediocre food and sloooooow service. Some things that stood out:
- The restaurant wasn't particularly crowded (maybe 10 tables), but the service was extremely slow. The 3 waiters working were having such a tough time keeping up that the chef started serving as well. It was a Center City Sips night, which I assume draws a crowd, so I don't know why they wouldn't have scheduled more staff to work.
- During our time there (almost 2 hours) we saw two couples get seated and then eventually leave after having no one come to take their orders.
- The group behind us had a 5:30 reservation so that they could make a 7:30 show. They didn't place their orders until 6:20, and their food came at 7:00. They were not thrilled.
- When their food came, apparently there was something wrong with it, so the waiter stood behind my chair for 10 minutes DEBONING A FISH right next to their table.
- My risotto didn't taste like much of anything, and my girlfriend's pasta was covered in what had clearly once been frozen peas. Not worth the nearly $20 we paid.
Just meh. The decor was cute, and there were a lot of probable regulars there, but overall it was just not good. We won't be going back, for Center City Sips or otherwise.Disappointing experience!  15 mins waiting to get our order, one waiter for the whole restaurant. 20 min waiting for the food. The food was terrible.  What a waist of money and time.This is a fraudulent Italian restaurant. Way overpriced for store bought box macaroni and store bought Francesco Rinaldi gravy(sauce). Stuffy service and small portions as well.
Alot of yuppie Center City people eat here and are under the impression that this is real Italian food. There are alot of Italians in Philly and alot of Italian restaurants, if you are visiting the city and want some Italian food I suggest going elsewhere.We had reserved a large party of 18 but 2 couldn't make it.  Dinner went smoothly until we received the bill and we were charged for the 2 extra plates.  We went to the waiter who then got the owner for us.  The owner said we had a "contract" for the maximum party size (we did not) and that this was communicated to us when we made the reservation (it was not.)  From here it devolved as we tried to reason and then argue w/ the owner, who is the most arrogant person any of us ever had the misfortune of dealing with in a restaurant.  He even refused to cook us the 2 plates that we paid for so that we could take them to go.
The food was good, no complaints from any of us.  The wait staff was also great, sorry they have to work under this guy.Went to Bellini Grill with my best friend for her birthday and we was actually very please with our experience there. Great service, great food and BYOB!!! The portion size of the entrees are actually rather small but they do keep a fresh basket of bread on the table. We had a party of 4 with 3 different entrees and all of them were very good and well made. 
The atmosphere was good, very cute and quaint restaurant but the vibe of the other diners seemed a bit pretentious. But after a few glasses of the bottle of wine you bought in you get more comfortable and forget about the other diners. 
All in all - this was a great restaurant and I would definitely dine here again.We took my boyfriend's mother here for her birthday, and it was the perfect choice. The bruschetta we shared was great! Everyone really enjoyed their entrees (Salmon, chicken rollatini, and gnocchi). Dessert was delicious! Waitstaff was very attentive, and nice. Dessert selection had everything you could ask for from an Italian restaurant. I highly recommend Bellini Grill for a nice tasty dinner.
Tip: It's BYOB, and they do not have a bar.Excellent restaurant and experience. They were able to get me a last minute reservation on Valentine's Day so bravo to their staff. Food is always delicious and the service is fantastic. I would highly recommend checking this place out.Had dinner here with my mom prior to theater on a Wed. night.  Decor and music a little 'over the top' for me... as mentioned by some other reviewers... opera does not sit well as background music and I wanted to be able to converse with less interference.  The food was fresh and well prepared, but to my tastes, a little bland.  I appreciate that the meats are "free range", and the pasta was clearly freshly made.  Waiters were professional and appropriately (but not overly) attentive.  We went there b/c the location was convenient.  Overall a little fussy and pricey for me.  Let's say I wouldn't refuse to go back, but neither would I prioritize it.My sister and I came to this place a while back because we wanted to have a nice night out on the town. However, we were left disappointed. The food was sub-par Italian food. I was not impressed.  The prices are too high for the quality. The bread comes out refrigerated which I think is weird. The service was slow. Our waitress was at our table to take our drink and entree order, give us our food and our check. She didn't bother checking on us intermittently. Slow service for eh quality Italian.Reviews are accurate:  its overpriced, but the food is good and the atmosphere is cozy.  We had a $25 gift certificate and ended up spending almost 90 bucks for two ppl (2 full course meals + 2 appetizers, before applying the certificate and not including our own bottle of wine).  The bread was cold, as I read on here, but we just asked them to warm it up and they did.  I had the Pollo alla Saltimbocca (thanks yelp) and it was pretty good.  My mom had a seabass with asparagus for $35, and she said it wasn't worth the money.  Overall, the atmosphere is pretty nice... classical or italian music.  People slowly sipping on drinks and nobody is in a hurry to leave.  Waiter takes all the bones out of your fish... I had only positive feelings about everything, except for the price, lol.   It has elements of both fancy (art, music, ambience , attitude) and non fancy restaurants (no table cloths, same bathroom for employees and customers, etc). So I would go here again, but with a coupon or a gift certificate :PThis is my first negative review, but I'm afraid Bellini Grill deserves it.  The food was good, but the host/manager was awful and ruined the evening.  I actually feel bad for the chef. After all his or her hard (and tasty) work, the host left us with an awful taste in our mouths.  
A minute -- at most -- after I paid the not inexpensive bill, the host came to the table and remarked in the rudest possible tone that there were people waiting for the table and unambiguously suggested that we leave.  I understand that restaurants need to seat guests, but people are entitled to more than 30 seconds after signing the bill, particularly when they were seated late (despite a reservation), and ate at what could only be described as a fast pace. 
The experience was embarrassing and outrageous. I won't be back.This restaurant is NOT a byob. Wine by the glass was priced reasonably, but the bottles were all quite pricey (at least a 3x multiple). 
That being said, the food and service were wonderful.I came here with a group of 10 for restaurant week. It took over 2 hours for us to be served. The food was average. The wait staff was very nice and pleasant. However, given the extremely slow service and average food; I will likely not return.Awful service, tasteless expensive food and to top it off ; rude owner. Save your money folks and go somewhere else!Terrible experience and apparently as I read through the reviews I wasn't the only one.  The manager/hostess have some serious customer service issues here.  First of all they told my friend on the phone (30 yr old) that this wasn't a place for your friends to sit and drink all night long.  For heavens sake it was her 30th birthday.  She wanted a few more than 6 people there and they were already giving a bad attitude.  Well anyways she didn't care and wanted to eat there.
So when we got there a few people were late.  They had a problem sitting our almost complete party.  Instead they rather let the door and hallway get crowded.  Then as we hassled to get them to seat us the manage had some nerve to tell us we had to be out by 7:30.  Correct me if I am wrong, but aren't paying customers allowed to enjoy themselves and not feel rushed?  After all we did spend over $500 dollars.
Well anyways, that's not all, one of our friends accidentally let out a semi loud laugh.  It was only one laugh and the hostess had the nerve to come and tell her to be quite because people are complaining.  Meanwhile it was only a minute after she laughed.  So I don't know but I think the hostess complained and blamed it on the customers.  
Anyways, I felt rushed I felt stressed and even though the food was good I was very annoyed and pissed off.  The manager and hostess ruined this experience.  And because of that I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  The only good thing I can say is that our waiter was very nice to us.  I was sure to thank him on my way out and then have my words with the manager.
I don't normally write bad reviews so trust me and avoid this place.Just left and felt compelled to leave a review. It was completely overpriced ($80 for two entrees, two salads, and one glass of wine, no dessert) and the food was dreadful. Both our salads were small, limp,  tasteless messes and the rissoto di mare was worse. Several of the mussels were clearly bad, and two of the scallops tasted of pure ammonia. Rissoto itself was flavorless, I have had better tasting good at the Olive Garden. I didn't even bother to send it back, I just wanted to get the hell out of there.I made a 9 o'clock reservation for 2 during restaurant week. When I arrived a little before 9 the hostess said there were many people ahead of us and that we could get a drink somewhere else and she would text us when the table was ready. Not only did we not receive a text, but at 10 pm we get an email from open table saying Bellini has cancelled your resveration. Good thing we didn't wait around for a call. While the restaurant week menu looked good, this experience alone makes me never want to go back.Owner was SO RUDE and wanted us to leave the second we paid without finishing our wine only because there were other customers waiting. And they added a 20 % gratuity AND insisted they could only take 2 cards for a table of 10 people. Food was very mediocre and overpriced. AWFUL experience to the max, I give it negative starsWas here for the Rock N' Roll Half-Marathon and came here with a larger group. Had a great dinner and the food was wonderful.Went for restaurant week dinner. The place was really crowded, it is a tiny restaurant and has too many tables for people to sit comfortably. Ordered from the pre-choice menu, the food did not taste fresh at all and mostly bland. The only good thing was the dessert - chocolate mousse cake. The service is really good and it is a BYOB but the quality of food just doesn't make it worth going here.Dinner here with family on Christmas Eve - A smashing hit!  
Really pretty surprised to see so many three star ratings here, as we found the place to be quite charming compared to some of the other 'little BYOB Italian eateries' in the neighborhood.  The artwork on the ceiling and walls is decidedly a bit over the top, and the 'operatic greatest hits' playing over the loudspeakers was atmospheric at best, but a little overwhelming at worst - but all of this was completely overshadowed by an attentive and charming wait staff, each of whom seemed eager to make sure our Christmas eve meal was special.  
I had the crab meat ravioli in a pesto sauce; C had the chicken sausage pasta.  Food was great, and our server was attentive in keeping our glasses topped off, which is not always the case at a BYO.  We thought the creme brulee was going to be a fail, but then our server brought us a second one, even though we hadn't complained about the first one.  Seems the first delivery was pre-mature and someone caught it back in the kitchen.  
Great location near Rittenhouse Square.  I think Bellini takes first place in our current line up of Italian BYO eateries in Philly.  Nice ambiance.  Reasonable prices.  Great service.  GO!Great for an intimate date with friends or mate. There is very limited space. Therefore, anything you do here will be intimate! The service was good and who doesn't just adore BYOBs? However, I think they turned off the heat when it was close to closing and sort of rushed my friend and I through dessert. I recommend the crab ravioli on the restaurant week menu. It was amazing.So disappointed with food and service here.  It was a busy night, but service was so entirely unacceptable, it was almost unbelievable. We were seated 15 minutes late for our reservation and table was short a place setting. I had to ask 3 times to get the missing setting. One person at our table didn't get her order taken and had to hunt down waitress. Bread was so tasteless I regretted wasting calories eating it. Arugula salad was also tasteless, with little or no additions as listed in the menu. My main course,Pollo Bellini, was average. Wait staff tried to take one persons plate while she was clearly still eating.  Would not ever recommend the place.We have been coming to Bellini for over 20 years and it is always very good.  We went last evening for Restaurant week and Bellini did not disappoint.  We started with two salads with goat cheese and walnuts and a Caesar salad, all were very good.  Next was a nice antipasto with Italian meats, cheeses, roasted peppers, very good. Son had a very good order of fried calamari and wife had a bruschetta both were happy with their appetizers.  Entrees were two home made linguini with mixed seafood which was outstanding and a salmon dish which was very good.  Desserts were great: Tiramisu, creme brûlée and a ricotta cannoli which were great.  IMO it is the best restaurant week deal in Philly.  Top it off with a very nice owner Jimmy and great service it made for a great night.Stopped in here on a whim to kill some time with a girlfriend. Atmosphere was nice inside. We got there at 5:45pm and realized it was happy hour. When we asked about it, they said they only served happy hour at the bar. We were literally the only customers in the place.. so I found that kind of weird. We got a cheese plate, bottle of Chardonnay and enjoyed the complimentary bread basket. We also ended up splitting the chicken parm meal. The food was okay but nothing exciting. Bill for just those things was slightly over $90. Staff was friendly and overall we were glad to finally try it as we walk by it every day, but probably won't be going back.The food was OK but this place gets a 1-star for horrific service. We had a reservation for 5 and were aligned at a table in a straight line on one side. Given we had a group, the wait staff rearranged the table to a more conducive 3-2 format, which was great. The short, ill-tempered owner (Jimmy Daku) came over and literally grabbed the chairs out of our hands and berated members of our dining party. We asked if we could move to another open 5 person table to which the owner raised his voice and failed to demonstrate the slightest resemblance of hospitality or decency to his patrons. Jimmy Daku caused a bit of a scene as the rest of the patrons clearly took notice. It was quite an embarrassing ordeal for this owner. Our group considered leaving, and we probably would have had we been more familiar with the area. 
It's a shame because the food was OK (3-star) but the service and the maltreatment really hampered the experience. I would not return, and I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND that any of my friends dine there. There are much better Italian BYOBs in the Philly with better service. DO NOT GO HERE.Went here for restaurant week and was totally pumped for this upscale Italian food. As the night started off I was pretty impressed when I walked by, That is until I walked in..the restaurant was so tight there was barely anywhere to stand just to wait. Then, we had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table even though we had made a reservation the day before. I guess I should've seen bad service coming but that was only the beginning. We finally got seated after literally squeezing through other people's chairs and got sat in the corner table by a drafty window in the middle of January, not cool. The service was so slow and I was there for at least  2 and a half hours if not close to three. It was packed in there but that shouldn't be any excuse for a three hour dinner. Our waiter was kind of rude and talked down to us because I'm assuming were college students? Anyway, the people around us were getting their food quicker even though they came later and it was just an overall mess. The food itself was good though, I got fried calamari, caprese salad, crab ravioli (which was kind of fishy and overpowering) and then finished it with Creme brûlée. With the exception of the pasta filling I would have to say that everything was really delicious and that why they're getting two stars. The service was awful, the people were rude and I would probably never go back. I'm glad I paid for restaurant week prices because it seems like their regular menu was crazy pricey for the amount of food given.This experience is old, from before I joined yelp, but it was so appalling that I think I should share it.
I made a reservation for 10 people for my birthday dinner on a friend's recommendation three years ago, in summer 2007.  They made me cry during my birthday dinner.
Highlights (or lowlights rather):
My friends surprised me with a cake (normally I would have mentioned it when I made the reservation, but I didn't know), and our server acted like it was a personal affront when my friend asked him to hold it in the kitchen.  He kept insulting my friends, saying how "very rude" they were to have brought a birthday cake.
The restaurant is BYOB, so we brought both white and red wine, plus a few larger bottles of good beer (Chimay) to share.  Two of my friends asked for a second glass to switch from wine to beer, and the same server tried to charge us $2/glass, then a $10 corking fee, even though I mentioned that I had asked when I made the reservation and had been told that they don't charge either.  He started yelling incoherently about their dishwasher being very expensive and how dare we ask for more than one glass, we had already taken twenty glasses by having water and wine and it would be impossibly expensive unless we paid him more.  This went on for several minutes.  We finally gave up and rinsed out our glasses into an empty water glass.
The whole situation came to a head when I got up from the table and walked over to the service station to ask why he was so upset away from the others.  I was pretty distraught myself at that point, and I hate confrontation, but I just wanted him to stop yelling at me and my friends.  The only other party in the restaurant was a 20-person wedding rehearsal dinner, and he responded to my "please tell me why you are so upset, I don't understand" by yelling at me that "you people brought your own wine" (to a byob?) "and your own dessert and these people are paying $50 a plate and why should I pay attention to you when you are not paying as much as they are, I don't have time to deal with you rude people!"  Apparently ten people sharing appetizers and buying $20 entrees was not worthy of his attention.  That was when I started crying.  The owner came out at that point, and to his credit he tried to calm me down and exchanged a few choice words with the server (in Italian, but I could tell was mad).  
They brought out my cake,  and we paid our bill in exact change (they had included gratuity, otherwise I would have added 0%) and left.
I will never go back.Very crowded on a Sat night and a bit of wait even with reservation.  Our party of 6 was seated at a table better suited for 4.  But the food and service was great.  I had the lobster ravioli special and it was divine.  Lots of other ravioli at the table: crab, smoked chicken, and plain.  Everyone -- ranging in age from 10 to 55  -- loved their food.  It is Saturday night in the city, and they had two large parties, so you just have to deal with crowds and slight delays.  Besides, the massive bachelor party was kind of entertaining.  And the BYOB option makes it a reasonable night out.  They do have a liquor license now, FYI.  But did not have a corkage fee, so that was great.I was here for a friend's b-day party recently and it happened to end up on restaurant week, which means 3 courses for $35.  There were some people that wanted to order ala carte off the menu and we asked the manager if that was okay.  He didn't give a straight answer at first and just some talk about how much money restaurant week brings in.  Well he finally said it was okay and 15 of us ended up getting the 3 courses, whereas 2 did not.
The clam and mussel appetizers were decent, as was the seafood soup.  The seafood pasta was ok too.  The flan for dessert was yummy.  Overall the food was ok.  This place is BYOB, so we brought our own wine.
The manager was actually nice enough to play happy birthday on the piano for us which was cool.I fine Italian meal during Restaurant Week!  The wife and I stopped by last night.  We were a few minutes early with Open Table reservations.  We were greeted warmly by the owner and seated immediately.  That set the stage for the service for the evening which was exceptional.  At our request our wine was opened immediately.  Water was on the table quickly and refreshed frequently throughout the evening.  Our waiter (Tani) was efficient and pleasant.  Every person that "touched us" throughout the evening was warm and friendly.
I began my four course RW meal with a classic Caesar salad.  Traditional Caesar dressing always contains a little lemon juice.  This dressing had a touch more than most and gave it a little extra zip.  I loved it!
Next was Bruschetta.  When I took my first bite the bread was still warm from the grill.  The toppings were fresh and plentiful.  Certainly not unique but very nice.
My entrée was Involtone Di Manzo (Beef tenderloins rolled around thinly sliced prosciutto, mozzarella & spinach in a mushroom sauce).    Wow, this was very very good.  It was served with a few grilled vegetables and I tasted a little touch of that smokiness from the grill marks with every bite.
Desert was classic Profiteroles with warm chocolate sauce.  This completed an excellent meal.
The wife had four completely different courses and was delighted with each one.  
Bellini Grill was a real pleasure for us!I'm tempted to give this a fifth star just to make up for all the childish whining in some of the other reviews. (Newsflash: Lots of places won't seat you until everyone is there. That's very common.)
I've been to Bellini a few times, the food is good, though not mind-blowing, the portions are standard, the menu diverse, the service attentive. And all at a very reasonable price. 
On our last visit we were greeted warmly by the manager (possibly the owner) he came over twice to check on us, which was totally unnecessary because our server was on top of things even though we were the only people seated outside.
It's not the type of place I'd go if I wanted to pull out all the stops or impress someone, but for a well-priced, enjoyable Italian dinner, it fits the bill exactly.I scarcely know where to begin. A friend of mine had a small get-together for his birthday, and chose Bellini only after plans at another restaurant fell through. We were a party of 10, with reservations a week in advance. My girlfriend and I arrived about 15 minutes late, and upon arrival learned that nobody could begin drinking their wine or ordering until our the entire party arrived. We ordered. Waiter was nice, but a little awkward. No problems here. We were cramped up in the corner, but that was fine. My food was absolutely atrocious. Salmon/pasta dish that tasted like ramen noodles. I even let this slide.
We were rushed the entire meal. Of course the waiter was the mouth piece, but I could tell he was getting pressure from the owner, as he was reluctant to tell us how another party was awaiting their seat. As we were rushed to pay the bill, the waiter explained that we could only use two credit cards, which had to be split evenly? When I inquired about this unique policy, he said that he did not have a POS and their system was old. This was a LIE, as I saw the ubiquitous ALOHA! System in the back corner. In addition to their weird "policy," they AUTOMATICALLY added 20% gratuity. So reluctantly, we began trying to figure our how to divvy up the cash/card payments. The waiter "compromised" with us that we could use four cards.
As we took a few minutes to get the money in order, the rather small OWNER with Napoleon's Syndrome marched over to our table and tersely ordered us to LEAVE. We weren't even finished paying yet! So I (admittedly) lost my temper and spoke out: I told him to leave the table, and he immediately stood and front of me and tried to kick me out without my credit card! I refused to leave, sent a few choice words his way, and absorbed a barrage of disparaging comments.
Let me conclude by stating that I never thought that I would write a negative review of someone's business: this is their livelihood and I normally would never try to ruin that. But this little man does not belong in the food/beverage industry. I will NEVER go back, and quite frankly quiver at the thought of our great city's tourists being exposed to this small creature. Plenty of world-class restaurants in Philly - move along folksWent there on Friday night before a show at the Academy of Music. The food was good- well seasoned and cooked to perfection. I got the Veal Saltimbucca and my mom got a special- Denver Sol, which was fileted table side. Everything from appetizers to entrées to dessert was delicious, and the service was great. I also thought it was priced reasonably for a nice restaurant in center city.  
Would definitely recommend.I came here for dinner and a BYO with my two friends on a Tuesday night and it was packed! The atmosphere was great and the decor added a certain flair to the restaurant. I ordered the seafood pasta special of the day and it was excellent. There was a lot of seafood (mussels, scallops, shrimp, fish, etc) for the price. The waiter was extremely friendly and poured our wine for us (which I always appreciate). My friends and I all loved it and will certainly come back!I was actually pleasantly surprised by this BYO.  For some reason I instinctively thought it wouldn't be that good, maybe I heard something negative about it?  Anyway, friends were going for dinner and invited me to join.  It seems that the staff is all Albanian which is kind of interesting, but the food is Italian.  I had fettuccine with shrimp in a pesto sauce.  It could have used a few sun dried tomatoes to add some acid, and the pasta was a little under cooked, but everything tasted good.  The boys in the group all got a sea bass special that was huge, but they loved it and ate all of it.I thought the food here was so satisfying.  I'm not sure if the food is indeed so fantastic, but I do remember being ravenous and everything tasting so, so good. 
Went to this place during a restaurant week so got a nice little 3-courser.  First, I ordered the mozzarella alla Caprese.  It was essentially just your standard Caprese salad; But the mozz was very good - from water buffalo milk I believe.  The tomato was perfectly fresh and the basil olive oil topped it perfectly.  I inhaled it.
I ordered the Zuppa di Pesce (linguine with all sorts of seafood I chose a white wine sauce) and I'd highly recommend it.
For dessert I got a nice little cannoli with Bellini drawn out in some fruit sauce - cute touch, plus it played off nicely on the creamy filling.
BYOB - always a plus.
Our waiter was so polite, and so attentive but not annoying at all.  And despite reading some negative reviews about the management, we didn't have the same experience.  The manager (or owner or whoever he was,) was very smiley and cheery.
I also remember it being really noisy in there - but I never mind that sort of thing.  However if you do - you may want to avoid a weekend night.
We did have to wait for about 15-20 minutes for our table despite having a reservation, but that's not why I gave it 4 stars.  It simply only gets a 4 star rating because despite Italian restaurants being delicious - I usually find I can cook my own Italian dish just as well.  I just like to go to these restaurants for the ambiance and a night out.I was here for Restaurant Week and it was an overall pleasant experience with pretty decent Italian food.  Would I come here again?  Probably not, when there are so many other options for more authentic and cheaper Italian cuisine in the city. 
For one: the place, though cute in that tzotchke fake Italian mural-painted, gold-plated, red velvet curtain way, is wayyyy too packed in.  I understand trying to maintain that on-top-of-each-other city vibe as a way to make it look more crowded than it actually is, but I couldn't even pull my seat out or take my coat off or reach for my purse without nearly bumping elbows or shoulders with someone else- and those poor waiters spent most of the night tiptoeing around the floor so as to not bump into something and spill their trays.  Maybe it was like this cause it was Restaurant Week, but I still think a redesign of the space could work (i.e. taking out those gaudy fake Roman pillars).
It's BYOB, which I don't have a problem with.  The menu was super varied for Restaurant Week- almost too varied.  It was very hard to decide.  I landed on an escargot appetizer having just had amazing escargot at Sbraga.  Unfortunately, it was pretty gross.  It was laden with a heavy sauce and way too many peppers.  My soup was fine.  There was plenty of bread on the table which is good.  For an entrée, I got some sort of creamy shrimp pasta dish and it was really delicious.  The other guests I were with loved their entrees as well.  Not like super amazing authentic Italian, but still tasty enough to not make it feel cheap.  The cheesecake dessert was delicious and decorated adorably in the strawberry gel writing.  Nothing I couldn't have gotten anywhere else, though.
My main problem was the rush factor.  The waiter straight up told us once we sat down that there was a max of 1 1/2 hours to dine, which okay I get it, it's super busy cause of Restaurant Week, but it doesn't leave a good taste in my mouth knowing I gotta wrap up super quick and can't digest and drink wine for a little.  It sounds like a lot of time but with a group of people on a Friday night (each with a bottle of wine), it's really not.  In fact, we thought 'screw that' cause we really weren't done with our wine so we stayed and chatted for a bit, but I can see and feel the hostess and waiters seething at us from the corner.  It felt a little unprofessional.
Overall, if you want a night out in the city and don't feel like whiny kids at Olive Garden or stuffy rich old couples at some high-end place, this is one of those good in-betweener restaurants.I really love the Bellini Grill. I've been here multiple times and they are consistently good. They are extremely accommodating. I have dined there with 25 women twice now and they made every effort to make it a fun experience. Their food is really really good and the atmosphere is so quaint.The food is okay but not that amazing that I would come back. They charged us a 5$ corking fee!!! Wtf is that i would've opened it myself for all that. He was going to get a great tip before that.Went out to Bellini with my wife, daugter and her friend. Very attentive service. A lively atmosphere and great food.I would give this place 5 stars over and over again! What a great experience - the food and service was exceptional! They make their pasta from hand and have Kobe beef! Try the chocolate mousse too, all around, best place I've been to in a while and I am so impressed!Most RUDE owner I have ever encountered. Food was below average and the cherry on the top was the owner coming to rush us to leave because there were other customers waiting.  We were a party of 10 and had made reservations well in advance. One thing is poor food, but the experience was horrendous. Give someone  else your business.Moral of the story? Order Cappellini Bellini. 
Visited for my roommates birthday for a party of about 15. It's seemed like a great place to have a big party as they didn't force us to set up a pre-fix menu (can be annoying for people who have small appetites... whoever those people are). 
Over all I was pretty unimpressed by the place, but didn't leave with a bad taste in my mouth. It was just like, meh. Okay. If i want somewhat-above-average italian for a good price that ISN'T Salento, then this is a great choice for you. 
I ordered the Cappellini alla Positano (aka angel hair pasta with lump crab meat in a light cream tomato sauce). I was totally craving angel hair pasta and was sooo looking forward to the crab since i miss it so much. BUT, if you're gonna hype it up, this dish is NOT for you. I repeat, if you have great expectations, DO NOT order the cappellini alla positano. It was very underwhelming and actually tasted kind of fishy... strange. Instead, I suggested to my friend (kicking myself afterward) to order the penne bellini but get angel hair instead aka CAPPELLINI BELLINI. NOM NOM NOM
 it was rich with creamy tomato sauce with pancetta and peas. mmm paired with the delicate angel hair pasta. This dish was awesome. 
Other highlight included the warm toasted garlic bread that they serve before the food comes out. that was nice. 
One more note, ITS BYO yay! So even if you get a mediocre dish, you can always hide it with a nice glass of cabernet sauvignon!Absolutely love this authentic Italian byob. It's the first choice for my family when coming into the city due to high quality Italian dishes and a great atmosphere.Coming in from out of town to see our kids, we always make a point to enjoy a meal at Bellini. A high energy, well lit, and friendly eatery, the food is good, fresh; the pasta well prepared; the specials always worth listening for; and, it  is a BYOB so no worries of overpriced jug wine being pushed upon unwary diners. Jimmy, the owner, is always present and oversees the attentive but not obtrusive wait staff. Nick did an especially nice job for our table of 9 on a busy Saturday evening. The high energy is contagious and this place is great for a well-priced, nicely presented dinner.The manager is not a nice person. Most ridiculous experience. Don't go here with more than 4 people and make sure you all arrive at the same time. Or just pick some place else and give your money to an honest person.Didn't even get to try the food. Had to just cancel my reservation for New Years and scramble around to find another place because I was not made aware when I made my reservations a week and a half ago that there would be a prefixed menu that has no vegetarian options which is all meat and shell fish. I only discovered this when I accidentally went onto Yelp and not OpenTable. If you are going to decide to announce this make sure it's across all sites in which your menu is listed upon not just one. And why the restaurants main website doesn't have a menu listing is beyond me. Absolute fail. Thanks for almost screwing up New Years dinner. Also it would have been nice for a heads up when calling me to confirm my reservation. Complete Incompetence.Came here for an organized dinner that was fixed menu and we pretty much had the whole restaurant. Food is not memorable and I wouldn't come back again. There are just much better alternatives for Italian nearby and this just isn't in the same league.So this is one of the last Italian places I had to try in Philly just to cross it off my list, now I see why it took so long. The place is really beautiful inside. The service is fine. But the food is pretty average considering the prices. We came here with quite a few people and no one seemed too impressed the with food. Unfortunately the salmon dish is just a large pasta dish with sauce, and pieces of salmon, not what I expected. The bread was also just sliced cold bread and some butter. Also no soup or salad included with entree, unlike other places. I must say the cannolis were some of the best I've ever had. Overall, it seems this place could use a refresher of some sort, based on the quality of the food, the prices and menu could use an update. But yay cannolis!he food and service was great. It was nice to see the owner watching over the operation. BYOB makes for a cheap meal. We had party of 7 and it went well and with apps, meal and a dessert with tip for under $40 a person was a great deal. I would go back if I lived in Philly.I can't even give it any stars because we never made it there. This is how it happened. I made a reservation for a surprise birthday dinner for my mom. We were a party of 15 and at first the manager (Jimmy) was accommodating saying that we can bring flowers and balloons. He asked if we wanted to do the pre fixe menu and I said I would ask the rest of the party.
We opted for the full menu because some people wanted a bunch of appetizers and two others were gluten free. 
I called 3 days before the party to ask if I can bring a cake. I was told it would be a $4 cutting fee per person which is ridiculous. I then asked if they had cakes and if so how much are they. The hostess said Jimmy would call me back. Which he never did.
Now this is the where it got bad. I called next day spoke to Jimmy and he was very upset we weren't doing the pre fix. He said he only had 8 burners and for me not to give him a hard time if the food comes out late! What??? I was told I didn't have to do a pre fix. 
He then told me that I didn't want to pay (cake cutting)  and that he let me bring my own wine (of course, they don't have a liquor license) and that if he let me bring my own cake too then while I'm at it why don't I just bring my own chicken and fish! 
Need I say more! I hung up the phone made reservations somewhere else and called back to cancel my reservation. I tried to explain but he cowardly hung up on me. Lovely huh.
This review speaks for itself. Just read the rest and you will see that this is not a place you should be eating at. Unless you like bad service!I visited Bellini Grill tonight for restaurant week with my boyfriend and another couple.  Our server, Josh, was awesome.  He was very personable but not inappropriate, and his knowledge of the menu and recommendations were spot on.  Our dinners were decently-sized portions for restaurant week, and pretty much everything was tasty.  I wouldn't recommend the Gamberetti, as it was three tiny shrimp, a pile of beans, and a hunk of bread, but at least it tasted okay.  Overall, the food was decent, but I don't feel the need to return - decent Italian joints are a dime a dozen in Philly.  Maybe just stop in if you want dessert - bring your own bottle and have a slice of the chocolate mousse cake.
I was very disapponted with the atmosphere.  We sat next to a table of three very loud ladies, who, at times, shrieked loudly enough to slience the entire restaurant.  The owner (or manager, or host, or whoever he was) seemed to be encouraging them, which I found pretty distasteful and inconsiderate of the other diners.  About halfway through our meal, a table of 7 young men were seated at the table next to us, which was entirely too small for their party (it was the same size my party of 4 had).  These gentlemen allegedly had called to make sure they could use a coupon even though it was restaurant week, and were told they would be fine to use it as long as they had a party of 5 or more.  When they presented it, before ordering, this owner/manager dude told them they couldn't use it, they were lucky to have a table at all, and they could either stay or they could go.  It was, in my opinion (and my friends agree), a terrible way to handle the situation.  I don't blame them one bit for leaving.
So, maybe go for the food - it's decent, and the desserts are good, and if you're lucky enough to have Josh, the service is great.  But don't expect much in the way of atmosphere...Very odd experience.  We had a party of 8, of which 6 showed up on time.  My wife mentioned on the way down that the owner/manager had a bit of an attitude during the confirmation call.  Despite the table being open, they didn't want to seat us until all eight were there.  It was 8:15, I didn't think they would turn the table over again.  Unnecessary attitude.  Three of us were ready to walk.  Once we sat down and started to eat, things improved.  Our waitress, Chris, was very personable and nice, I thought she did a good job.  I enjoyed my meal, however others didn't feel the same way.  I had a fettucini special with seafood in a spicy sauce, quite good.
They need to work on the customer concept at the front of the house.A disgrace.
I cannot comment on the food this visit because we didn't have a chance to eat it.  We had a 8:30 reservation for 6.  We showed up early, around 8:15.   I told the hostess we arrived and she looked at me with a blank stare.  Clearly she knew something was wrong.  She told me to come back at 8:30.  I could tell she was in the weeds and the restaurant was unorganized.  Other patrons who were waiting were expressing their displeasure.  Bottom line, do not bring your family here if you are looking for a pleasant evening out, without complications, when you are hungry after a long day involving travel.  You risk not being seated or standing on the sidewalk, hungry, waiting for your table, way beyond your reservation time.  This restaurant needs a serious lesson in operations.  It is like they have no restaurant experience at all.  After some back and forth, we went to another BYOB restaurant, La Viola a block south, which was delicious and reasonable. 
Good luck if you try to make a reservation here.We have been coming here for a number of years,several times a year. Went back today. Food was still rather good but the management apparently had changed, and our experience was much less pleasant than previously. Small things: the sign on the sidewalk and the menu both said "4 course tasting menu $35". So we ordered the tasting menu. When time came to order dessert (the 4th course) we were told that the "4 course tasting menu" was an error and it really meant 3 courses (they could have told us earlier!). The house wine (a Merlot, $14 a glass) was poor quality. The waiter exchanged it for another glass, listed as a Bordeaux, which was equally bad. Seems to me that the restaurant is trying too hard, advertising inexpensive dinners and squeezing customers to bring up their revenue. A great way to turn off customers.Had a great time here on Saturday.   Had a group of 11 together and they were very accommodating.  Delicious lobster ravioli!  Brought plenty of wine and the wait staff were very attentive to our table.  Will definitely be back!Went here for restaurant week and it's definitely nothing to rave about.  All of the food was just mediocre. I was disappointed after really wanting authentic Italian food, however it didn't meet my expectations. Overall I would say it was "just okay".Bellini has your everyday, average Italian-style food that is catered to a modern crowd for BYO celebrations or just a casual dinner. On my Friday night visit, we were refused our reservation until our entire party arrived---this is a tip to be on time and being stuck in traffic is not an excuse as I learned! 
The atmosphere: most of the seats are squished together so every once in awhile I had my chair jolted, shifted or shimmied. Luckily, I didn't stab myself with my fork or anyone else for that matter. Best seats may be outside or window seating. The inside is nicely painted but if you do visit Bellini check out the creepy-looking baby on the ceiling. It was a conversation piece for a hot second at my table.
While we were waiting, bread with plain oil was served. The food was nothing to rave or complain about. I had a chicken with mushrooms off of a common modern-Italian style menu. My gal pals had similar dishes and all seemed to be okay with their food. Service was pretty good considering it was a packed house and it did come out fast.Bellini gets three stars because it is has some really great four and five star qualities but have a few two stars that bring it down just slightly. Here's the rundown:
GREAT!
Gnocci with gorgonzola sauce - good god, everyone at the table tried a bite from our friend's bowl. Perfect little puffs of potato, say that three times fast.
Crab stuffed ravioli in cream sauce - Another winner. The crab meat was fresh, the cream sauce was a perfect compliment and not at all over powering the delicate flavor. Another item that was passed around the table.
It's a BYO. You just saved $25/pp in drinks!
Good:
The service was forgiving in the fact they accommodated a table of twelve of us during peak time on a Saturday. They followed up on the reservation and were forgiving of some of our party's tardy members.
Once everyone was sat they did rush us a bit, but once they realized we were going to order quite a bit in a timely fashion they eased up. There were other large groups dining in the room with us who seemed to have the same issue.
Skip:
The Saltimbocca di Pollo, and apparently any of the chicken dishes according to the rest of the table. Our veal sympathetic friend blacklisted us ordering veal so we had to order chicken if we wanted a protein. It was dry and flavorless. The prosciutto was also very dry and there wasn't enough marsala sauce to make up for the lack of flavor.
The decor is a bit cheesy in an overdone faux Italia idea. The dining room is really small and we were just a few short feet from other tables. Navigating to the bathroom was a little challenging for our nine months pregnant friend but everyone was very helpful getting her around.
All over it's a great deal for Rittenhouse square and the staff sincerely wants you to enjoy yourself. Great for large groups and friends, maybe not a good spot if you're trying to impress. Very reasonable prices!Fun family place! Go to restaurants.com and buy a $25 gift card for $4. It's a BYOB and the food is always great! Always try their specials... They are always so good!Nice upscale Italian place. Food is delicious and service is great! Menu is fairly expensiveLet me start by saying that I didn't actually eat dinner here.  So the reason I'm giving a review is because it was such a pain in the neck to MAKE a reservation that we ended up cancelling.
A group of friends planning to run the Philadelphia marathon wanted to eat together.  We have a group of 16.  I made the reservation six months in advance.  The restaurant has called three times to change the reservation.  Our original time for dinner was 6:30 but they kept moving it up to the point that during the last call, they wanted me to change it to 4:30.  I'm sorry, but I don't want to eat dinner at 4:30.  We settled on 5:00, but then they wanted me to get everyone's order ahead of time.  And told me I would have to pay a fixed price for anyone who didn't show up.
In the course of my calls with them, they kept telling me how busy they expected to be and how they hoped I understood their rationale.  They also said that other groups with reservations made arrangements three months ago.  I told them I called six months ago.  He said, "let me check on that."  And said, no, you made your reservation in September.  It's November now, that's not six months.  I had to explain that I FIRST made a reservation on open table, but when they called me the first time to change the time of our dinner, they took it off open table and made the reservation by hand.  But then again, why am I arguing with this guy over whether I made the reservation two months ago or six months ago?  Why does that matter?  I already agreed to move the time from 5:30 to 5:00 - what more do you want?
To some extent, I understand their dilemma - they expect to be busy and want to make sure all their customers are served.  But I have to say, by the end of the last call, I felt almost like my friends and I were being set up to be hassled at dinner.  I didn't want to subject them to that, so it's best just to find someplace else.
Maybe this is a great place for parties of two or four - but based on the reviews I read and my own experience - if you have a large group, I would definitely go elsewhere.Although the food is quite good,  the hostess and wait staff were abusive to a point I have never experienced -- ever.  When we arrived on time for our reservation for 5 (3 had not yet arrived), we were told the table was not ready,  though there were many empty tables for 6 (and over) all over the place. When I asked about it,  the hostess went to get her "manager" ( a waiter) who arrogantly noted that the "party was not ready" and proceeded to berate us over and over as we went to the table, and even managed to throw in some vulgarities.  The dinner was fine (not exceptional by any stretch) and the rest of the wait staff was fine as well, but as we left,  that same waiter approached  us as we left and proceeded to insult us again.  DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  The food - quite nice, for what it is (basic Italian) - is not worth the abusive and horrible treatment from the staff.  Never again, even with a complimentary meal.I had a reservation here for this past Saturday for a part of 4 people -- the restaurant called to confirm the reservation the day before (which I confirmed). Also of note, I was coming to visit from out of town, having moved away from Philadelphia 1.5 years ago. I was coming back to this restaurant because previous experiences had been positive. When I walked in, I was told they could no longer accommodate my reservation because they had not expected such a large turnout from previous parties that were dining. They would only be able to seat us once a previous group of 4 people finished their dinner (which they had only received when we walked in so it would be at least 30-40 minutes). Yet, the restaurant had an open table available at the time we walked in. When I inquired about this table, they said they were reserving it for a party coming in approx. 15 min after us. At no time during this encounter did the manager come out to discuss this with us. They left the hostess up front by herself. They had no other response except, "Sorry, we cannot accommodate you now." Why do I make a reservation then, if it will not be honored!?! I was a fan of Bellini Grill prior to this experience but now I would never come back and would not refer any of my friends in the area to come here. I have never experienced such poor customer service !I was walking around Rittenhouse Square this past weekend and found this on UrbanSpoon. Since I was already on 16th and it was nearby, I figured I'd give it a shot.
Unfortunately, I forgot about the whole BYOB thing in Pennsylvania...they're just aren't as many in NYC or CT where I live. It would've been more trouble to go and find a State Store, anyway. Oh well.
The restaurant was pretty empty at 7:00pm on a Saturday. The host quickly offers a bottle of San Pelligrino, I accept and ask for a couple of limes. He also brought me some bread to nosh on while I waited. 
The waiter, Josh, suggested I try the Caesar Salad. The dressing is made in-house and was pretty tasty; had a nice citrus-ey "tang" in the background. 
Had Shrimp Alfredo as an entree. Would've expected maybe one or two more shrimp for the $8.50 it added on to the dish, but other than that, no major complaints. Fresh pasta (also made in-house according to the waiter), delicious sauce. Ended up too full for dessert.
Decor was kinda gaudy and tacky but that added to the charm of the place, I guess.
All in all, not bad. I probably wouldn't come here again since there's so many other options in the area.The owner was incredibly rude to our party, and I will not ever return. The food was ok (3 star), but the experience was just awful. I don't seem to be alone in having trouble with the owner...Liked it a lot. The risotto with spinach and salmon dishes were amazing. Service was perfect in every way. It was loud but we were able to converse - maybe it was just a tad too loud, but fun and lively atmosphere. Dinner with tip and no drinks was about $100 per couple - worth it!  We will be back!Everything was so great! We got there for an early dinner and were sat right away. The staffs were all so professional and our server was very helpful and friendly. 
The smoked salmon appetizer was very delicious and the calamari had such a great texture. My friend had the lobster ravioli special and loved it; however, I was not a big fan of the sauce. I had the Fusilli con Salmone. The sauce was amazing and I love the home-made pasta. 
Since it was still earlier in the evening (5:30pm) the restaurant was still quite empty so the noise level was very low-moderate. The decor is very pleasing to the eye and I cannot get over the beautiful ceiling! As for the music, yes, it does need getting used to (good thing I am good at drowning out what I do not want to hear!). Let's just say that we will surely go back!Our experience here was awful. Really really bad. I went with a group of about 10 and we were all appalled and really offended at the service. The actual wait staff were friendly, but the owner/chef was rude and obnoxious. Each course came on top of the one before, meaning we were barely into our salads before the app was put down and the salad was taken away without even asking if we were ready. We asked the waiters to slow down but they said they were not allowed to at the direction of the chef/owner. There was no downtime at all between courses and the resulting feeling was one of panic. We felt so rushed. It was clear their priority was turnover, not the experience for the patrons. The food was average. Once we had our entrees we ate at our leisure and tried to enjoy the few bottles of wine that we brought, as it's a BYO. This was when the chef came out and actually told us we had 15 minutes to finish and leave. He was not nice about it. He said we were exceeding at time limit (we had no idea what he was talking about). When we said we just wanted to finish our drinks within a reasonable amount of time he actually said he would call the police. It was almost laughable. It's such a shame that this is how he runs his business. We should have read the reviews before selecting this place - as most seem to be in agreement that the owner/chef is rude and actually downright mean. Do not go here. It was really terrible. So many better options in center city!Food was decent and the ambiance was also okay, but I've never felt more disrespected in my life as a customer. Came in for restaurant week and like I said, the food was decent. However, my girlfriend and I hadn't even received our main courses yet and the owner commanded one of the busboys to drop dessert menus on our table, as though he wanted us to leave. With the way he looked at us, I couldn't shake the feeling that it was racially motivated. Will not come here again.Came here for lunch during restaurant week. Once inside, the place was very nice with its high ceilings and murals. I got the corn chowder as the app. It was loaded with veggies, which I found surprising but I loved it. The bread they served was wonderful too. Next I got my main entree which was a chicken dish served with a onion/raisin sauce. The flavor of the sauce was very strong and overtook the taste of the chicken. Wish I had some veggies to go with my chicken because the taste of the sauce was too much. Lastly I got the cheese cake. A typical cheesecake which was average. I like how they use a strawberry sauce to write on the plate but if would be nice to have it drizzled on the cheesecake too. Overall the place is fancy inside and the food was alright. The service was pleasant and the chef/owner was friendly to everyone.Beautiful ambiance. I had the the Gnocchi di Spinaci prepared in a Gorgonzola sauce which was very filling and delicious. I also enjoyed the fresh warm sourdough bread that they brought to the table. This was a perfect pre-theater dinner spot!We enjoyed a truly delicious Restaurant Week Sunday evening dinner here.  The service was a little too slow to get a 5 star and the Bruschetta wasn't superb; other than that we loved it.  Server was pleasant we just would have liked things to move a little quicker.  Gnocchi was soooo good.  And the Veal Parmigiana was delectable!Mediocre Italian food, the most hideous decor I have ever seen in a restaurant (and that is saying a lot given it is an Italian restaurant, which is either overindulging in pink marble or a lot of black and white shots of Roman street scenes) and a forty minute wait past our reservations to be seated.
Our reservations were for 8:30. We arrived at 8:20, we were seated around 9:10. They came over twice to tell us that the table was just finishing dessert and would be ready momentarily. On the second time they came over, we looked at the table and they were just being GIVEN the desserts.
None of our dishes were particularly memorable, sauces were bland. My escargot tasted like burnt rubber - and yes, snails can be delicious if you do it well (try Parc if you're interested in the real deal). We paid for the restaurant week menu but nothing I received was worth the $35 I paid for the four courses. Portions were smaaaaalll which is actually not the typical policy of restaurant week. 
The best thing they did for us was open our wine a half hour before they seated us so we were tipsy by the time we got to the table. At that point we really didn't care too much if the meal was going to kill us, we were starved.Best  large group service I have ever experienced.  I was so impressed that I am here writing a review about it, and I rarely write reviews.If I can give this place zero stars I would. Here's why: my boyfriend and I used to always come here for dinner and we loved it. Last weekend I decided to have my sisters 25th birthday and invite over 17 people. We planned on having a set menu 6pm dinner - I arrived there everything was great- till we met the owner. The money sucking low life of an owner treated us like crap from the moment I walked into the door. Bitching and complaining why the party hasn't arrived on time ( they were 10 min late) the entire time he proceeded to let us know that he had another party coming in at 745 and wanted our table. WE HAVEN'T EVEN ORDERED YET. There was an emergency with 6 of the guests and they were not able to attend, so I told the owner he can have the other table we had reserved but instead of seating people that were waiting at the door - he insisted that we made reservations and were responsible to pay for those who could not make it - are you kidding me why should I be responsible to shell out 30$ per head for those who couldn't make it. The entire time instead of trying to enjoy our meals we were begging and pleading with him so he wouldn't charge us. It was so embarrassing, we ended up having a horrible time because he kept looking at us and tapping his watch and mouthing "its time its time" ARE YOU KIDDING ME? WHO THE HELL DOES THAT... WORST PLACE EVER, WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER SEEN. This man clearly does not care about bringing customers back all that balding fat stalky piece of shit man cares about is money. DO NOT GIVE THIS MAN YOUR MONEY - HE IS A COMPLETE ASSHOLE. I WILL NEVER EVER COME BACK HERE EVER AGAIN NOR WILL I EVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. Its a BYOB for god's sake you cant give a party that big only an hour and half to arrive eat and celebrate you inconsiderate ahole. I hope your business fails miserably. The only good thing was the waiter he tried his best to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. other then that I will never ever come back here ever again EVER!It was a packed house. This past Friday, my whole work department and I went to Bellini Grill to celebrate our beloved director's 80th birthday. In total,  we were 13 people, 9 bottles of wine and few beer cans here and there. 
Bellini Grill is my director's favorite restaurant. We started planning something special, more than two months in advance, for her milestone birthday.  During our planning process, and since we were a big group, we called Bellini Grill like a zillion times, to make sure we've covered all the bases before we got there. 
We opted for the 3-Course Tasting menu:
1st Course-Insalate (Salads), 2nd Course-Antipasti (Appetizers), 3rd Course-Secondi Piatti (Main Course). As it was a milestone celebration, we wanted to bring a cake, but there was a cake cutting fee $4 per person. Are you kidding me? NO-NO. So we decided to be creative and create our own tasting menu. We were able to choose between the Insalate and Antipasti as our 1st course, Piatti for our 2nd/ Main course, and 3rd course dessert. Did I mention it is a byob, with no corkage fee?!
For $35 , the 12 of us, enjoyed a good meal, with a great service in a lively atmosphere. Our Director was able to choose from the regular menu, which to my knowledge was not so different from the tasting menu, just few more items. 
For a taste that really stack up, you can't beat the delicious fresh Insalata di Cesare, Linguine con Gamberetti, Salmone alla Griglia, Fusilli all 'Amatriciana, sweet treats, a killer creme brulee and much, much more. With a menu like this, you can't go wrong. 
P.S: 
- If I went there solo, on a date or with smaller group I wouldn't have given it more than 3 stars. However, because they handled our semi-big party very well. Also, everyone in my party loved and enjoyed their food. My Insalata di Cesare was good, but Tagliata di Manzo ( NY strip ) wasn't cooked to my preference, dry and chewy. The creme brûlée was an absolute delight. 
- This restaurants is great for groups as well as dates.
Three and half Yelps.We had a 6:30 dinner reservation on a Saturday evening and got seated promptly. Waitress was by to check on us right away. However despite the great food, can only give it three stars. They packed so many people into the restaurant it was absurd. Staff couldn't even move around the tables and pacing of our food was off. Courses came too fast or too slow. Plenty of restaurants in Philadelphia, won't be back for a while.I was very excited to go to restaurant during restaurant week to celebrate my college friend's birthday, but I was very disappointed on the treatment I received. On the center city district restaurant week website it said "Some restaurants won't be offering all meals on Saturday and Sunday. This is clearly marked on their menu," but prior to choosing the restaurant the menu did not indicate that the restaurant was not going to participate in restaurant week during Saturday's dinner. We expressed our concern for false advertisement to the manager so that other customers would not have to go through the same situation. The manager was very rude to us especially the black people in the group. He told us that we are going to order, eat good food, and pay them as well as referring us as "girls." I noticed that others had the same confusion and the manager was very polite to them(they were of older white people) After the belittling speech he gave us I ordered the bruschetta, Zappa di pesce, and chicken Parmesan. The bruschetta was good but the other items that I choose were mediocre. I feel like I could have gotten a better tasting meal with the same food quality at the Cheesecake Factory. The food reminded me of food from a franchise chain like Olive Garden. I can appreciate fine dining for their presentation of food, but again there seemed to be no effort. 
I paid almost $50 for bad customer service and mediocre food. If you want to look at beautiful paintings on a wall this is the place for you, but if you you want to experience fine Italian dishes I would suggest going somewhere else.Nice cozy atmosphere inside. Good service. Food,however, lacked flavour. Seasoning was off. We went on a date and we couldn't stop comparing it to Maggianos and how good it was there(would not have expected this)..nice people, sub-par food.I'm usually very demanding when it comes to Italian restaurants, so I was a bit nervous when my friend told me we were going here.  However, it turned out to be a good choice (and is BYOB as a plus!).  Despite arriving 15 minutes early for our reservation, we were seated just about immediately on a Saturday night.  Shortly after that, we had a laugh at the slightly over-the-top Italian villa decor and music.  This isn't really an intimate, trendy place to take a date, but for a reunion of friends it's good.  Lots of families and large groups made for a lively but not disruptively loud atmosphere.
Bellini definitely has a more creative and comprehensive menu than your average Italian place, so if you're the type of person who gets bored of the same old options, have no fear.  The special appetizer was creative and delicious, although it could have used a bit more crab meat (it was a grilled mushroom topped with a crab meat salad).  My entree, the orrichiette with broccoli rabe, was fairly unique and had an excellent sauce.  I tried my friends' entrees as well and they were definitely good, in particular the pasta with bacon (it had other things going on but I forget the details).  The portions were good-sized and the prices, while not bargain-basement, were certainly reasonable.
Overall, I had a great time here, and while it's not the absolute best Italian I've had, I was very satisfied.  They were a bit too eager to set our table up for the next party, which I'll give them a partial pass on since we made as though we were leaving but then lingered for a few minutes. Otherwise, the service was good, though; the waiter was friendly and helpful, and the rest of the staff, including possibly the owner/manager, were also attentive, stopping by occasionally to check on us.  
The one other thing that unequivocally barred them from getting 5 stars in my book: they didn't grate fresh parmesan in front of us!  The pre-ground stuff they brought us was fine, but you can't be tops without the real thing.I generally like the food here, and it's very convenient to the PATCO terminus. The Caesar salad is tasty and fresh, but unfortunately too small a portion for $8. The salmon infused lasagna had a strange tuna like consistency instead of actual salmon texture ($22 a la carte). The risotto with white asparagus was requested, but it was not seen in the dish.  When we inquired about that ingredient, the waiter paused and pointed to pieces of risotto and said it is cooked in, which seemed either a great stretch or the flavor had been wasted.   The appetizer specials can be out of this world delicious, and ours was the highlight of the meal.  Service is always good, but I did not like that we were charged $9 extra for the wine. The only reason we requested a glass was because of our understanding that it was complimentary with any food due to their not having a liquor license last time I checked. Apparently, that promotion is hit or miss these days.  It may be worth inquiring about, and insist on a price if there is any doubt.I came here with a large group and the service was very slow. We came during restaurant week so we got several courses to our meal and it took forever for them to come out. We had a reservation and while it was busy, it was not overly busy on a weeknight. We had to wait over 2 hours for our actual entrees to come out. By then it was almost 9:30pm and I was over it after waiting for so long. 
The food itself is very average and it didn't seem like anything special. I probably won't be back here, as there are many other restaurants around the city that I would rather try.This is our favorite Center City Italian restaurant. They have the best pasta-homemade-and with a whole wheat choice. Their gelato is awesome, also homemade. I've enjoyed their variety of special appetizers and have sampled some of their fish dishes as well. I've never had a bad meal, and we eat there fairly regularly. I don't know where the low raters have eaten, but I doubt it was in this place.I hadn't been here in at least five years and now I've eaten at Bellini twice in the past two weeks.  I love this place!  The handmade pasta is amazing...mmm...those ravioli!Really wonderful dinner. Loved the opera music. 
The food was just what this tired soul needed. Everyone looked to be having a great evening. Caitlin was a great waitress, giving suggestions that scored big. Can't wait to come backI had a lunch with my friend few months ago, and went back last night with my family. Both times, I loved the food here!  The service was not so special but good enough.  The reason I like the food here so much is that the seasoning is not too salty to my taste unlike many of other well-known restaurants.  I try supposedly really good restaurants and often get disappointed by how salty their dishes are.  Bellini food is always perfectly seasoned for me, which I think could be a bit underseasoned for many people.  But I like it just the way it is now :)I went with a group of friends expecting a great evening. Food was very average but what was the utmost unpleasant surprise was the OWNER yelling at out table telling us that we were taking too long to pay and that we need to get out for other customers. We were there for about an hour. I have never been treated with such disrespect. I do not advise people to come here ever....Restaurant week choice at the last minute due to Mercato not seating any more customers (who knew that they took reservations during Restaurant Week).  My sisters and I came upon this place as it was close to where we were stranded and needed a BYO.  A little skeptical as the ratings on this site were all over the place.  
4**** for service - we were seated immediately and the waiter was really great (he would get a 5*)
3.5*** for the food.  I have to agree with the other reviewer that the food was ok, but not memorable.  
2** for the way we (and I mean the whole restaurant) was escorted out of the place after a very large college group party arrived.  We were told at the onset that there was a large party coming later that evening but didn't expect to be ushered out, literally, by the staff.  The entire restaurant was asked to leave.  Now I can understand that these young kids (complete with their jugs and boxes of wine) had a reservation, but it could've been handled better.I met my four girlfriends from college here on a friday night.  Our Server, Brian was great and extremely attentive.  We all ordered appetizers, entrees, and desert. Towards the end of the evening we were the last of two remaining tables in the restaurant.  The other table was a large group of college students that we also happened to know.  
We were all laughing and enjoying ourselves when the Owner of Bellini came up out of no where and started screaming in my girlfriends face!  He stated we were being too loud and was literally just inches from her face.  He was scary and appeared intoxicated.  He then proceed to tell us to get out.  Our waiter was mortified.  
Its a shame such a great place is owned by a complete psycho.Awesome and fancy BYOB place. I recommend this for a birthday event! I went here for a 25th birthday and I had a fabulous time. The waiters were super warm and attentive especially with filling our glasses with the wine. The food and ambiance were just perfect! Would totally go back!Had the peach Bellini which was terrific.  The bruschetta was the best I think I ever had, it tomatoes were amazing, definitely a must try. Ordered the special butternut squash ravioli, all the flavors of fall in every bite, rich but not too heavy.I feel bad even giving this place one star. The service was absolutely horrendous. I have never experienced such indignant behavior from a restaurant chef/owner in my life. Every part of our meal from start to finish was disrupted in some way due to poor service. Do not give this place your money (or your time, because eating here will certainly take up quite a lot of it).
 First, we were seated near the door on an extremely cold evening. The women in our group of 4 were freezing. Apparently, the heat in the front of the restaurant had been switched off. A waiter finally turned it on once an angry woman at the table next to us complained. 
 Next, we had to ask for literally everything. Bread? Only if you request it. Drink refills? You can ask, but they'll take 10 minutes to get to you. Did you order 4 appetizers? Better remember to remind the waiter to bring your 4th one, or you'll never get it. Our main entrees were no better. After waiting for an HOUR for them to finally arrive (and yet again asking where they were before that), 3 meals came out while we waited, no exaggeration, over 15 minutes for the last dish. Other tables around us were offered fresh Parmesan and cracked pepper, but we were not. No one ever came around to ask how the meal was. No apologies were offered at any time to this point. 
After our meals we were ready to get out of there, but we wanted management to be aware of our issues. We were not the only table with the same feelings. The chef (who I guess is the owner because he has final say in regard to bill adjustments) was confronted by no fewer than 3 unsatisfied tables while I was there. The woman seated next to our table even CRIED because of the poor food and service. The chef offered a completely unsympathetic apology, but quickly got angered when we asked for items to be taken off of our menu to compensate for our poor experience. In fact, he was so offended he felt the need to remind us that we weren't at McDonalds.  He was full of excuses (including admitting that he just didn't see the 4th entree on our order and that's why it was so late)  but offered nothing. He grew confrontational, invaded the personal space of those at our table, and was extremely condescending. He even asked someone at our table not to return after we requested the two late dishes be removed from our bill. No problem, sir, I will never return to your horrible establishment and I encourage anyone else who appreciates good service and kindness to do the same. There are plenty of other places to get a better meal than this in the city.I was very disappointed with this restaurant. They were vacuuming when I arrived. They continued to vacuum. They didn't stop for 18 minutes. My pasta was a little hard. The food was mediocre at best. I finished my meal so I could leave. A couple walked in a few minutes before I left. They actually turned on the music and deemed the lights for the couple. I got the vacuuming and the noise from their tidying up. It was not a pleasant experience.Love thus place.  The staff is super, the food was exceptional with a wide variety on the menu. The decor is unique and a pleasure to look at. If you want a good solid Italian restaurant. Check this outA very good Italian restaurant with great service, reasonable prices and excellent homemade real italian food. Not the creative overpriced small portions you may find at other places. But if that's what you want go somewhere else. Full bar, great service and the go to Italian restaurant in the Rittenhouse Square area.I came here with a group of friends for Restaurant Week.  My friend picked it.  It was 5:30pm, so it was kind of empty and the tacky music was playing pretty loud.  Not that it matters because it soon got super busy and you couldn't even hear. it.  The food was alright.  I tried their lentil soup, which was amazing, then fried calamari (ok), crab stuffed ravioli (yummy) and flan for dessert (blah).  Overall, if it wasn't for Restaurant Week and my friend picking this place, I would have probably never came here but it was a pleasant BYOB spot.  The service was great, they were attentive the entire time.This past Saturday was the third, and last time I ate at this place. At the outset, the owner is a rude and nasty person. More on this later My husband likes the food and it's close to the theatre. Food is decent and service was good, until this past Saturday. 
I confirmed my Open Table reservation at the front desk. We were seated a bit later than our reservation because the place was a madhouse. Our waiter was indifferent, yet attentive to some other tables. Courses were very late to come out; appetizer was not what we ordered but we ate it anyway because it was close enough and pretty good( and we needed to make a curtain). Could not get bread or water refilled, while the same waiter circled our table to make sure the people next to 
us had theirs refilled regularly. We weren't offered dessert. No one bothered to take our coat check to get our coats; I had to go back and hunt for them
During the meal Open Table emailed me to ask why we didn't show up. When I tried to talk to the owner about the glitch, he became belligerent , claimed to check his computer and said we never had a reservation. And to call Open Table. When I contacted Open Table, they said the restaurant reported us as a "no show".  The owner probably saved a couple of dollars with that ploy. Too many good restaurants in Philadelphia to bother with this placeIt's a standard BYO that has a bit of a more expanded menu. I think the bigger menu unfortunately gets in the way of cooking any one dish to perfection. While most plates come out well portioned and presented, there is something that is missing from nearly every dish. Service is okay, and bread is abnormally weak (I like to think that with Amoroso and so much competition that the bread and olive oil offerings in Philly be good).
This would be a great place to come with a larger group, but sticking to the basics and going for your own company might be the best play.Very good food and great service! I tried the fried calamari, escargot, and eggplant parmesan. All very delicious, would recommend!I made reservations in mid-October for a 15-person dinner a couple of weeks before Christmas.  At the time I made the reservations, I was told that we could choose from an a la carte menu or from several different tasting menus.  Two weeks before the event, I received a call saying that they were going to cancel my reservation unless they heard back from me within 24 hours.  Upon calling back, I was informed by Jimmy, the proprietor, that we were being forced to chose from three banquet menus. My husband and I both spoke to the Jimmy, who was very condescending and basically told us to F*** off ... take it or leave it, even though we had made the reservations two months prior and were told that we could eat whatever we wanted.   Since it was so close to the event and we could not get reservations for such a large party on a Saturday night, we kept the reservation.  When the group of 15 people arrived, we were shoved into a corner of the restaurant around a table meant for 8.  It was so crowded that the people on the end just about had to hold their plates in their laps.  The chairs were jammed so close together there was not an inch between them.  Even though we could only choose from 5 entrees, the food took an hour and a half to come out.
The proprietor is rude and obnoxious and obviously doesn't give a bit of care about patrons.  I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone, ever, especially not for a large group event.  If I could give it zero stars, I would.If it were possible to give this place zero stars, I would. Arrived on time for our reservation, but the table wasn't ready. There's really no place to wait for your table, so the very, very rude manager/owner yelled at us for "blocking the door" and told us to go outside and wait IN THE SNOW. After waiting for more than 45 minutes (past our scheduled reservation), the 7 of us were finally crammed into a table for four. The manager/owner continued to snap at our every request - like our totally ridiculous request to get menus and water after sitting at the table for 15 minutes. So demanding, right? The waitstaff did their best to apologize for his nastiness, but he was so miserable it put a bit of a damper on the meal. The food was barely even close to average; portions were small; our dinners all came out at different times (almost 10 minutes later for some); and three of our dinners were wrong. All around, just an unbelievably awful place. We thought we were being punked.Had a reservation and went with a large group. Food was good, not exceptional by any means and server was very attentive. Everything going well, until as we were figuring out check, owner approached table. He asked how meal was and made small talk. Then he tells us that others are waiting and we needed to LEAVE. LEAVE. We were only there an hour-an hour and half tops! I have never been in a restaurant where they ask you to leave. My jaw was on the floor. I would NEVER go back and would advise anyone who considers going here to read the reviews because apparently this is the norm for this guy. HORRIBLE.Had reservations for 6 @ 6pm - main courses didn't arrive until 7pm. My branzino was tasteless, poorly fileted (lots and lots of bones), and there was barely 2 forkfulls of edible fish. The accompanying veggies were also tasteless. Others in our party had decent meals. Crowded tables & relatively noisy. I'll not be going go back - not worth the wait.We ate here for my birthday in early December and it was one the worst dining experiences of my life. The food was decent and the waitstaff was fine. It was the owner that ruined the experience! He told us we were being too loud and that we had to leave. My friends had just finished singing happy birthday to me and we were all having a great time drinking and eating at that point until that clown came up to us and told us to leave! Never been treated that way! The first time the owner came over to tell me we had to leave was because another large party was coming in which we found out was a lie. Then, when my friend tried showing him bad reviews on her phone of his restaurant and of him personally, he shoved her! He actually said to her "get out of my personal space". My sister even overheard one of the waiters say that the owner was the reason he was quitting!  The owner then proceeded to tell us that we had to pay in cash because the machine was broken! It said on their website that it took credit cards so bascially another lie by that man! Unbelievable experience at a restaurant that I will not be going back to ever! The owner is a liar and he does not like having big parties at his restaurant. Guess he doens't like returning customers because my friends and I will never go back there again!What a great little spot!!!! I was originally planning to get dinner at monks cafe before a show at helium comedy club last night with my boyfriend, his sister, and her boyfriend. Well fortunately monks was just too crowded and we couldn't wait for a table.   Here we got seated right away! The food is phenomenal!!! We got an appetizer of grilled calamari (so cool that they offer it both ways, very authentic!) and I got the soup special, shrimp bisque. So delicious!  For dinner I had the gnocchi in the Gorgonzola sauce.....OMG!  To die for! They gnocchis were smaller than id ever seen before and they were incredible! My bf had the chicken parm, also delicious! His sister had some sort of crazy yummy chicken with walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette....mmmm! And her boyfriend had mushroom stuffed ravioli in a truffle sauce. Sooo good!!! We were all incredibly full and didn't even attempt a look at the dessert menu. 
Overall it was an amazingly delicious dinner!!! Highly recommend it!!! I hope to be back!We were looking for a little local place in Center City that wasn't a chain and wasn't $25-30 entrees.  I checked out Bellini's online menu and thought it would be a good place to try.  I called a little before 8:00 and asked if we would need a reservation (this was a Monday night) - I told them we couldn't be there before 8:30 or 8:45.  Whoever I spoke to seemed to stress that "8:30 would be better because our kitchen closes at 9:30" but I knew we couldn't get there that early...we arrived about 8:50 and it appeared not to be a problem.
I like this place.  The food wasn't earth shattering, but the portions were ample, the food was tasty, service was attentive but not overbearing,and it is a pretty place with murals on the walls and ceiling.  The baby spinach salad with orange dressing was refreshing and delicious.  The roasted peppers and artichokes salad was a huge portion, also very good.  One of our group had the arugula salad - I didn't taste it but it looked yummy and they liked the strawberry dressing.
Our table had the Fusilli con Salmone, Fettucini ala Boscaoila, the Eggplant Parmesan and Vitello alla Pizzaiola.  I can say that all plates were clean!  We were too full to even consider dessert.
Coming from L.A., I must say this BYOB thing in Philadelphia is pretty sweet.  No corkage fee!  Unfortunately, we had to buy our wine at our hotel because we didn't have a clue where the wine shops were...paid way too much for the bottle but still probably less than a restaurant would have charged.I wasn't that eager to try this place out, and I feel about the same now that I have. I'm admittedly a little snobby about Italian food, having lived in Italy and feeling that I can make a lot of (especially pasta) dishes on my own at home, so why pay $12 for them at a restaurant. 
I will give them credit for little details that are definitely important in making a good impression. The waiter was very attentive, courteous, and eager to please. They give you a little sampling of one of their soups for the night as an amuse bouche. When we were wineless, having not realized they were BYOB, he gave us each a glass on the house. 
Hubby seemed to like his ravioli, though the pesto sauce they came in was very soupy. My gnocchi was light, and came with a slab of melted mozzarella, but the tomato sauce didn't have much flavor. The chocolate cake was very rich and tasty. Not horrible, but not the best I've had.Another great Restaurant Week find. Went here with a group of friends. We each brought a bottle of wine and the maitre d commended me on my choice of a nice Italian white. (I'm a sucker for compliments). 
The service is outstanding and the menu is as delicious as it is expansive. We all tried different dishes and no one left disappointed. The Linguine Puttanesca was amazing, a nice pasta dish with kalamata olives, capers, and anchovies. And any place that serves creme brulee is worth checking out.A little too jammed in, a few too many acrobatics over and around our table, the physical intimacy with other diners navigating to and from their tables, the volume... For me, a bit much. This certainly isn't a pleasant dinner with quiet considered conversation, not an intimate setting for you and your table partner. You're only inches from other people at other tables, and then the waiters gotta squeeze through! Conversation: everybody's shouting "Huh? What's That?" "Oh, I thought you said something else!" The food, nothing to write home about. I guess this Genuine Italian is different from the Real Italian and True Italian fare I'm used to. I thought my chicken with Marsala Winse Sauce was a little dry. The grillled vegetables a little over grilled. I didn't eat everything and that's not usual for meals I spend $50 to eat. Our dinner was over $90 and our dining experience, by consensus, was not equal to the bill.Came here for dinner on a Thursday night with a few friends. We left after 30 minutes, horrified by the burnt foot and bad service. This place definitely doesn't know how to treat its customers.
1. The bread served at the start was burnt. Not slightly burnt, or open-for-debate burnt, but black-black burnt. The kind of carcinogenic bread you'd have to throw out because it couldn't even be salvaged by scraping off the burnt bit. 
2. As if that wasn't enough, when we asked - very politely, I might add, for the condition of the bread - for less burnt bread, our server flat out refused. According to him, there was no bread in the establishment that was less burnt than the one that had been served to us. We then asked if we could just have non-toasted bread, and the server said there was no such bread and he would check with the chef.
3. After 15 minutes of "checking with the chef", the chef himself showed up to our table and said (I quote) "We have no more bread, and if you want different bread, you are welcome to leave and go to any of the other restaurants around here." Without waiting for us to respond or react to his aggressive announcement, he stalked off back to the kitchen. At this point, we decided we would in fact take his advice and leave.
Unless they decide to stock up on non-burnt bread (honestly, which Italian restaurant runs out of bread anyway?) and improve their customer service, would never step foot in here again.My family and I went to Bellini for a family celebration.   Our group of 10 was greeted by the owner and his staff and we were quickly seated at our table. Although this was our first visit we were treated like family.   The servers took our drink order and then presented the menu options.  We had one finicky eater and they went off menu to accommodate his request. 
The antipasto was freshly made and two was sufficient to serve our group.   I had the chicken parmigiana,  it was one of the best I have ever had.  It was cooked to perfection and the meat was moist and tender.  The pasta side was excellent.  Several of our guests had the veal special and were all pleased,  others had a squid ink pasta and it was out of this world. 
While we were having dinner a local opera celebrity who was at the next table,  and apparently a friend of the owner,  preformed three beautiful arias that wowed the entire restaurant. 
Excellent service,  food, and ambience at a reasonable price.  This was our first visit,  but it will become a regular.   Try it out,  you won't be disappointed.I had a nice dinner with my friend tonight, starting off with a house special appetizer of grilled shrimp with fresh mozzarella over a roasted tomato in a delicious garlic and white wine sauce. It was absolutely to die for! Of course it should have been at $14.95! My friend had the caprezze salad and said it was one of the best she'd ever had and was surprised at how wonderful the tomatoes were given the cold weather. Both of our dinners were good. I had the veal proscuitto and was surprised that there was spinach under the proscuitto. Had it said there was spinach in the entree, I would have asked them to make it without because I cannot eat it. I must say, I was a bit surprised that my waiter did not offer to bring me another entree when I told him about the unwanted spinach and since he didn't, I just picked the spinach out, which my friend enjoyed with her dinner. She also had a veal dish but hers was with lump crab meat in a lemony butter and white wine sauce that was a bit too lemony and heavy for her taste. She asked for artichokes and the chef happily complied for an additional $2.50. The veal in both dishes was very tender and tasty, making up for the sauce in hers and the spinach in mine. We also shared a side order of linguine in marinara sauce ($7.50 extra) which was very, very good. Both dinners came with roasted potatoes and veggies (zucchini, eggplant and red peppers), which were quite good. Unfortunately, the coffee we were served after dinner was not only weak, it was lukewarm and mine tasted like it came from the bottom of the pot.
All in all, we enjoyed ourselves. I have one very big complaint, however. A 20% tip was added to our bill without asking. I don't know whether this was the result of using a restaurant.com coupon, but usually, if a tip is to be automatically added, it says so on the coupon. Mine did not, nor did it say on the menu that a 20% gratuity would be added to the bill. While I don't mind rewarding excellent service with a 20% or more tip, I don't like being forced to pay an additional 20% when it is not deserved. I would have left 18%, because the service was just ok. I had to ask three times for cream for my coffee, which I sent back anyway. I noticed that our waiter was extremely attentive when we first sat down but as the evening wore on, he was less so. I'm sure that was due to the number of tables he had to manage because by the time we left, the restaurant was full.
Will I return? Possibly, if I happen to be in the area. Oh, did I mention how stunning the ceiling is? Very Italian and beautifully painted with angels and such..Not sure why this place averages 3 stars and has many questionable reviews. Came  here with the family for Easter and had a nice meal. Food is pricey but it's worth it, very nice atmosphere and good service. I'll be backSolid, yummy italian food. Don't go here if you're looking for fancy BYO a la Melograno -- this place is more conventional. I'm mostly a pasta girl and both times I've been here the pasta has left me satisfied -- once the gnocchi with gorgonzola and once the angel hair pasta with lump crabmeat in tomato sauce.  My husband and I enjoy sharing the antipasto salad which is plenty for two. 
For parents, I have to give Bellini Grill a special shout out for their kids menu. First, that they are an independent center city restaurant that has a kids menu at all -- that is sadly a rarity. Second, they don't skimp on it. Once my son chose the ravioli and it was homemade and pillow soft, easily the best I've seen in a while, for kids or grownups. The second time he chose chicken fingers and we cringed, knowing he was passing up the great pasta. But the chicken fingers turned out to be small homemade strips of chicken cutlet  -- just beautiful! 
Topping it all off were the yummy desserts, creme brulee and profiterole, and two nice little glasses of homemade limoncello that came on the house at the end of our meal.