The terrific food was equally matched by the friendly service and warm atmosphere. A friendly welcome by the husband and wife owners made the experience unique to other restaurants.I came here on a Thursday evening to celebrate my birthday. I'd been wanting to try Bibou for ages, and my birthday seemed like an opportune time. 
We were seated at the worst table in the restaurant (2-top in the middle of the middle row). The noise level was really high and I had trouble conversing with my husband until the tables next to us left.
Service was really solid, but I found the food underwhelming -- perhaps because I'd built it up too much in my mind. Nothing was bad, and presentation was nice, but not a single thing really wowed me.  In fact, I would say the half-dozen raw oysters were the highlight of the meal. Chestnut soup, foie gras, squab, and whatever other main course we had were less than memorable.
I would come back here to try the $45 Sunday prix fixe, but I'll stick with other BYOBs where it's easier to get a reservation on short notice.It's been a few months since I had my first and only meal here, but I'll try to post what I can remember: simple but nice decor, tight seating, charming hostess, nice wait staff, and wonderfully tasty food! 
Whenever I dine at a place that is supposed to be top notch (and the early reviews ofthis place indicated that it was), I try to get the things on the menu that I'd be most terrified to try to cook myself. Hence it was a night of tripe and pig's foot for me! Yum, feet and guts!
I have to say though, it was all pretty amazing. The tripe was prepared in a sauce that you could put old tires in and have them come out tasting amazing. The pig's foot was stuffed with (I think) foie gras, and it just fell apart in meaty, fatty, savory goodness. Do not eat here if you are on any kind of diet. It will make you fat.
It will also make you happy though. So you may want to ask yourself, do I want to be thin or do I want to be happy? If you want to be happy (and perhaps a little more portly than you started) check out Bibou. 
It was perhaps the best under $100 (for 2) meal I've ever had.This is my first time at this restaurant. I made a reservation for Sunday approximately a month in advance through open table (which you should try 6 weeks ahead).  I was celebrating my anniversary with my fiancé and made a note with them.
We arrived, greeted by friendly hostess, seated in the middle closest to the kitchen. The place is a row home, it's tight. We were greeted by a great server, he was french and spoke great english. We brought wine, it was opened and poured for us with a lot of professional attitude.
We came on Sunday, ordered the $45 prefix menu. First course was mushroom soup, absolutely perfect. Second course was fois gras, it's like the most tender ribeye fat but better. Third was duck confit, reminiscent of my time in Paris. Not dry, in a great sauce with vegetables. My fiancee has short ribs, which was in a light broth sauce that needed a bit of salt, otherwise light and perfect. Desert course was sorbet which was light and refreshing.
I mentioned my anniversary in my reservation and the host was happy to bring a complimentary merang and macaroon. The chef made rounds and spoke with us, wonderful guy who clearly cares about the food.
We also brought our own wine and it was poured like our time in France. We weren't rushed or felt inconvenienced. If you have a special event or want a great date night, choose this place. 2 person prefix menu on Sunday without extras including tip was $115, but absolutely worth it. We will be back soon.So, I finally had dinner at Bibou after a few of my friends had suggested that I should go here.  I understand the appeal, and we had a nice meal, but there were a few misses.
We started with three appetizers to share.  The foie gras with a date jam, the escargots, and a special chicken liver mousse.  The foie gras and the mousse were very good and we enjoyed them both.  The escargots with some brown sauce, nuts, and beans were not so good.  
Then came the main course and we had the famous/infamous pig's foot stuffed with foie gras over lentils and a special red snapper cooked in parchment.  The pig's foot was very good and I was pleased since this came highly recommended.  The snapper was also very good, moist, tasty, but the vegetables which accompanied the fish did not seem to go very well.
Then came dessert, a frozen Grand Marnier souffle and a pistachio creme something.  We ended up not finishing the souffle, as we were both stuffed.  Some espresso and some macaroons from the chef and we were all done.
The staff was pleasant and polite and genuinely helpful.  
Upon leaving, we both agreed that we had a nice meal, but the missus did say that the wine we brought outclassed the meal quite seriously.  I agree with her.
In truth, I have had quite a few rustic-type French meals in all sorts of different places and this was good, but not amazing as I had been led to believe.  Would I recommend?  Yes.  Would I recommend over other places in Philly for a great meal and experience?  Probably not.Really hard to say enough good things about Bibou.  It is all that everyone is saying about it.  Phenomenal food, charming staff/ambience, and all things considered absolutely excellent value.
I have been in Philadelphia for about a year and a half and spend a frightening amount of time and resources eating out.  In this time I have had two seminal experiences in fine dining.  Vetri and Bibou. Vetri was fantastic, a tour de force, and cost my benefactor about $500 for dinner for two.  Bibou was as good of its kind food-wise and cost $120 for two (though to be fair only two courses plus dessert as opposed to a grand tasting menu).
Highlights of the meal:  The escargot, a different preparation as the snails are out of their shells and come in a sort of provencal sauce.  However, they do saute them in garlic and butter so it gives you what you are looking for on that front with some interesting additions.  Foie Gras, huge portion perfectly cooked.  Marrow (special that night), a full bone sliced lengthwise filled with mushrooms and breadcrumbs so that the marrow more or less melts into them.  One of the best dishes I have ever had.
We strongly considered trying to move into the apartment above bibou so that we could go there everyday.  If you are even remotely serious about food this needs to be your next destination!Bibou had to live up to high expectations  and they did not disappoint. The menu changes, but I would recommend the tasting menu, which you can get upon request even if you don't sit at the bar. A bonus to the tasting menu was that for many of the courses they gave my husband and I different things, allowing us to sample more if the menu.Finally managed to snag a Sunday pre-fixe reservation at Bibou! They offer a great deal - 4 courses for $45 every Sunday. Note: this is not the same as the Chef's Tasting menu, which is only at the bar and is 7 courses.
I came in a group of 3, and when we got there at 7 pm, the place was relatively packed. It was a cosy restaurant, but not too the extent that tables were so close together that you hear your neighbors' conversations. We were warmly welcomed by the server and our waiter - you will be delighted to know that many waiters there are French (and all are extremely knowledgeable about the food!).
First, we were served with some baguette and butter. Many people rave about the butter, I thought it was delicious but not out of this world. Having said that, the butter was creamy and was great on the fresh baguette. My tip would be to leave the butter out for a bit, so it is a little easier to spread. 
We all started with the Soupe de Champignon, which is a mushroom cream soup. The soup is served in a beautiful oval bowl (which is shaped more like a gravy boat). I loved the texture / creaminess of the soup, and the crispy croutons which didn't lose much of its crunch even in the soup. 
Next, we had our entrees. My friends got the escargots (very fresh, love the mushrooms and the snail shaped plate the escargots were served in) and the pate. I got the Duo de Foie Gras, which I highly recommend. According to our server, it is "the best Foie Gras in Philly." The foie gras was seared to perfection, and it just melted in my mouth. I may not be an expert on foie gras in Philly, but I would definitely agree with my waiter - it might be the best foie gras I've had so far!
On to the plats principaux. Both my friends got the Thon (grilled Albacore tuna loin, one served rare and the other medium rare. They said it was very fresh and enjoyed it). I ordered the Long Island Duck Confit. The skin of the duck was very crispy and well done, never mind about how skin is unhealthy or fatty - it was worth every calorie! 
For the desserts, my friends got the floating island and frozen hazelnut souffle, while I got the chocolate pot de creme. All three were sweet but not overly sickly so. I enjoyed them immensely. To end, we were also served coconut macarons and eggnog meringues.
I enjoyed my whole experience at Bibou, from the food, to the service, to the ambiance. I strongly recommend making a trip down, especially for the Sunday pre-fixe!Fine French dining in South Philly that is BYOB. Other reviews state "cash only" which is not true. We went here for date night and it was an all around good experience. The wait staff was friendly and the food was excellent. At the end of the night we were even greater by Chef Calmels. The menu was $115 prix fixe with several stars in my opinion: 
1) Marinated scallop with smoked truffle vinaigrette 
2) Aged NY strip
3) Tarentaise "aligot"
4) Hot fig souffléLoved this place! We went last night with two "special occasion" bottles in tow. I started with the escargot and certainly understand why it is a signature dish. Lovely bordelaise sauce, tender favas, and the sweetest hint of tarragon. My dining companion had oysters which looked wonderful but I did not taste. For entrees I got the pig's foot - OMG total decadence and absolutely wonderful. If you love pork belly then this you'd love this dish - if you think pork belly is fatty then you should steer clear. My friend got the sea bass which while quite good, was not comparable to my dish. That said, if you love fish, there was a terrific saffron sauce that complemented the sea bass - it was creamy, earthy - really quite good. We finished by sharing a cheese plate and the promise to return to try chef's tasting. 
Speaking of chef, he came by and greeted every table. Wonderful detail that i'm sure endears him to the regular patrons. His wife is equally affable running the front of house. 
So glad we were patient enough to get reservations.They've redone the interior -- it's much nicer than Pif -- but the food is not as good as Pif's. The cold corn soup with bits of lobster was lovely and flavorful, and the escargot was hearty and rich and half a meal by itself. I asked the hostess how the veal with sweetbreads would be cooked and was told it was very thin, so level of cooking was not important; but what I got was a thick, stringy chunk of veal that was seared on the outside and undercooked on the inside. Unfortunate. It seems that they've been trying different versions of the veal but this was definitely not the right way. The sauce on the dish was very good but the sweetbread was nothing special. We also got the scallops, which were perfect, and which came with a weird but interesting pickled ratatouille with bits of clam. Again, with a good sauce. The tarte tatin had no carmelization, which is the point of the dish. It was more like a poached apple on a crust, with (good) vanilla ice cream. So, overall, Bibou was okay but with some weird mistakes. Maybe they'll work out the kinks, but they've got to try harder if they're going to compete with all the similar places in the neighborhood, some of which are very good - Cochon, La Minette, Saute, etc.
Added on 6/12/09: I've just read the subsequent reviews from May-June 2009. It's true, Bibou is pretty good, but these reviews are awfully ecstatic and detailed. They stink of owner intervention.My husband and I dined at Bibou on a Sunday in May of 2015.  This was the most overrated restaurant on all fronts!  It was a prix-fixe so maybe it is better on other nights.  The escargot was too pungent, I regret eating it, I ate it to not waste it.  The duck terrine was meh, not great.  I cannot even remember what we chose for the main dishes.  I remember the chocolate cake was the driest and worst dessert we have ever had in our lives. The waiter was snooty and off-putting.  It must've been an off night?  I cringe every time I see it on the top-10 list.I was eager to try the newly opened Bibou and went to dinner there tonight with three friends.  The old Pif space has been lovingly redone, with dark wainscoting contrasting nicely with the elegantly set tables. Charlotte Calmels is the perfect hostess: the welcome is warm and charming, and everything is done to make you comfortable at one of the very closely spaced tables.  The menu is short but diverse, with some dishes hinting at the Burgundian origin of the chef (snail ragout with fava beans). 
We tried the soup of the day, made with corn and lump crab meat, its velvety creaminess nicely contrasted with tasty kernels of roasted corn, the foie gras, unctuously rich as expected on a port and cassis reduction, and the beautifully textured rillettes terrine.  For our main dishes, we had the deftly prepared duck breast special, the richly tasting hangar steak (both meats perfectly cooked rare to medium rare), a moistly sweet halibut on basmati rice with ramps, incredibly light and deeply flavored, and the breaded veal scaloppini, correctly done but my least favored dish of our order.
The desserts, as well as the cheese plate, need some tweaking.  The $12 cheese plate came with three small pieces of good but hardly exceptional cheeses, a few grapes and some salad greens - serviceable but not up to the high standards of the first two courses.  Similarly, the desserts are all good - a nicely caramelized apple Tarte Tatin with chocolaty ice cream, a "chocolate millefeuille" that brought miniscule layers of creamy chocolate on crisp puff pastry - but they too are not in the class of the appetizers and main courses.
The price/quality ratio is excellent, most appetizers are under ten dollars (the exception, of course, is the foie gras) and the most expensive main courses are in the mid twenties.  You can end the meal with a rich French Press coffee and a couple tiny madeleines (the latter compliments of the house).  Lovely!  The service is professional and diners can have a quick conversation with chef Pierre Calmels when he briefly leaves his kitchen.  It is simply marvelous to go out in South Philadelphia and sit in a restaurant with such amazingly sophisticated food at such affordable prices.  Word has already gotten around, the restaurant was full at all times with content diners, enjoying the good luck of having a place like Bijou join the list of fine Philadelphia BYOBs.  My rating is 4.5 - when the cheese platter gets better, it will be a 5 star place!My friend and I managed to grab a last-minute reservation here on a Sunday and both opted for the prix fixe menu. Bibou, you were excellent from start to finish. 
The meal started off with a salted cod soup was out of this world! It went great with the free breadsticks that we got. 
On to the appetizers. I got the escargot; the snails tasted like perfectly seasoned mushrooms. My friend's foie gras was very fatty though. Not for me. But the sauce that came with it was unique and flavorful. 
I had the halibut for the entree and it was cooked very well, but it didn't pack a punch. I can't blame the chef because halibut does not have a lot of flavor  to begin with. What I really loved was the arctic char dumpling, which was baked to perfection and complemented with a wonderfully creamy tomato sauce. It also came with a side of red rice, which was also very nice.
For dessert, I chose the floating island while my friend chose the creme brulee with honey and rosemary. The floating island was really light and a perfect finish to my meal. I liked that the creme brulee wasn't very sweet because it would have contrasted so much with the other courses on the menu.
The cherry on top was when the chef came out and took his time to talk to everyone. It really made me feel at home and I was very touched. 
Overall a stellar dining experience: I can see myself coming back here again and again.I went to Bibou for dinner last night and it was one of the best meals I have ever had! I ordered the swordfish loin and it was grilled perfectly, moist, and delicious. My husband ordered the bone marrow. He (and I) had never tried bone marrow before, but since so many Yelp reviews spoke highly about it here, he decided to try it. My only regret is that I wish I ordered it, too. It was amazing! 
For dessert, we ordered and split what was basically a hazelnut soufflé (sorry, can't remember the exact name) which was a special edition to the menu on one of the waiter's recommendations and it was out of this world. My husband doesn't really have a sweet tooth and we were fighting for the last bite. Next time we will each get our own!  
The wait staff was polite, professional, and discrete and made you forget that you're in a restaurant so small it's probably the size of your living room or studio apartment. There were about 3 or 4 waiters who helped is throughout the night, which was perfect because you were always being assisted, but in a polite, non-rushed way. I saw that a few reviews mentioned feeling rushed, but we had the opposite experience. We brought 2 bottles of wine with us (would normally only bring 1) simply because we stopped at the store on our way walking to Bibou and our waiter offered to open the second bottle for us just as we were finishing dessert so we could relax and have another drink. The chef made rounds to the tables throughout the night to make sure everyone was enjoying their food and I thought that was a really nice touch.
One note that the chef and waiter told us: if you are set on having the bone marrow, call ahead and reserve one, especially if you have a late reservation time. They only prepare several for each night so thy cannot guarantee it on the menu for you, but they will set one aside for you if you call. Also, don't forget cash only and BYOB. 
Great meal, Bibou! I hope to be back soon!Went to Bibou for a Sunday prix fixe dinner a couple of years ago & enjoyed the food. Foie gras was great. We also had lamb chops & pig foot. The pig foot was not varied enough, but it was well-cooked with a crispy exterior, and soft and fatty on the inside.
Great service. Good ambience.Good food, you can go here and cry about the defunct Le Bec Fin. Go here if you're comfortable paying a steep mark up for fancy looking food that will be good but fails to be consistently great.Went on a little date to Bibou and the food, service and atmosphere were completely on point. This small little byob is exactly what you would think a small byob would be like, there isnt alot of room, so if ur not okay with that, then you should have realized that before you squeezed through the little red curtain. 
The waiters were attentive and the food was awesome. I had the lobster bisque, which came with two poached shrimp in bowl, and then they brought out the bisque in a kettle and poured it in. Very nice. My friend had the foie gras with fig and it was delicious (i snuck a piece). We split the bone marrow in between courses because i love bone marrow, and i saw someone at the table next to me with it. It was served in a Fred Flinstone sized bone split down the middle and filled with marrowy-well seasoned nectar of the gods, accompanied by some potatoes or soemthing. 
On to bottle of wine number deux, for the main course i had the duck with potato puree and spinach and chantrelle mushrooms. Very good, perfectly cooked duck. My friend had the Snapper that i did not taste but she was happy with it thats good enough for me.
One thing that really stood out about this meal was that the chef came out of the kitchen and was shaking hands with everyone in the place, and you get to see that this really is traditional french cooking.I was so happy when my date and I got off the waiting list and received a reservation for 7:45 on a Friday night. The restaurant is very small, but I did not feel crowded and it created a pleasant/upbeat atmosphere. The service was good throughout the night and there was not one time I was left wanting something. My date and I shared the Foie Gras to start which came as two different ones. One had some kind of gelatin on top and had a pate texture while the other seemed pan fried/seared. The pate one left something to be desired, but the pan fried/seared one was amazing! For our main entrees she had the filet and I had the bone marrow. I felt like I needed to get it since I have not seen it anywhere else and it was good, not great like some people have said below, but still very tasty. We passed on dessert because we had other plans but they seemed to have nice options. The restaurant was quite nice and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a true meal (length/service/atmosphere/food). 
Please note that they take cash only and it's BYO which is another plus. Bibou obviously does well, there was hardly an empty seat at any point, and I hope they keep it up. A wonderful small restaurant in my opinion.(3.5 stars, really)
Tres tres francais, MAIS tres tres petit.
In other words, the flavors and the quality of the food were excellent and true to french cuisine.  Very well prepared and executed extremely beautifully.  HOWEVER, the restaurant and portions were extremely small.  What does this mean?
Small restaurant = feels like every other byob in philadelphia.  Cramped space, door to bathroom in the dining room which swing right open for a view of the toilet from the tables, and decor from ikea.
Small portions = $26 for 2 minuscule medallions of veal in my entree?   Please.  
I'm not a huge-portion type of person, but I also have a minimum threshold below which I find portion size to be ridiculous and offensive.
Had to go to whole foods afterwards and get a snack -- and this was after an appetizer, entree, and a shared dessert.Oui. Oui. Oui. Oui!!!
It's no secret that I am a clichéd Francophile.  I live, eat, breathe all things French.  Paté, fromage and baguettes are in heavy rotation in my diet.  I am well acquainted with the musical stylings of Edith Piaf, the yé-yé movement, Johnny Hallyday, Serge Gainsbourg, and Carla Bruni.  I call France my second home and I own more berets than I'd like to admit.
That being said, Bibou is an exercise in gorgeous, spot-on, casual French dining. In the former Pif space, it is only fair that French cuisine should be made in that kitchen.  The dining room is as ever, tiny and intimate.  Decor is simple, cozy and bright.
Charlotte is a terrific and amiable hostess who has a lot of help with another server and two bus boys.  Prices are super reasonable too, with no plat principal costing over $27.
With a small conservative menu, each item is succulent and deftly prepared from the first bite to the last - Their foie gras entrée (with two generous pieces) made me swoon - perfection - and a Riz de Veau (sweetbreads) put me over the moon.  Along with their homemade bread, imported French butter that tastes like cream to their full-bodied and robust French-pressed coffee with warm little Madeleines rounded off the near perfect experience (the only mediocre dish was our desert, a 'bûche' that didn't make me quiver).
The little touches, like the wine bottle holder, their special concentric esgargot plates, and the gorgeous glass teacup and painted saucer make you feel as though you're eating at someone's apartment in Alençon.  
The man of the hour, the chef himself, humble and talented Pierre Calmels came out to greet us at the end of our meal to shake our hands and have a small chat about the food he prepared.  Being a former chef at Le Bec Fin, I thought this meal was better than anything I've had at his prior stuffy employer.  Save yourself the money, hoopla and the trouble, skip Le Bec Fin, bring your favorite vin and eat here instead.
Be sure not to miss their Sunday prix-fixe dinner at $45.  That is, if you can get a reservation.  Also, BYOB (splurge on a nice bottle, you deserve it) and cash only.
How fitting that my 100th review should be a five-star-'er experience and a place where I had the pleasure to dine in celebration of my birthday (the numerical component of which shall remain a mystery).
Youppi!!Very impressive food!!! Everything was perfect.  Love the staff, very friendly. Love the atmosphere, very cozy. Good job!Yessir, add it to my fave BYOB list, and one of the top 10-20 restaurants in Philadelphia.  At Bibou it's all about the finest ingredients and delicate preparation, with accents on flavor and complimentary support from the accompaniments on the plate.
Starting with the reservation thing, a month in advance, who cares.  A friend made them, no sweat off my back, and I'd rather have a restaurant in demand than to walk into a place on a Wednesday to see it 1/4 to 1/2 filled.  The decor was smart, stylish, chic, including the tables exquisite in fine silverware, stemware and dishes, and the warm feel of table cloths which made this little store front all the more cozier.
The food, yes, wonderful!
Apps - The foie gras with a little savory foie gras custard on the side, with candied fennel confit and red wine duck sauce --all that it is hyped to be--5 star.  The crusted venison pate with pistachio--use of the flavorful pickled chanterelles on the side to compliment the terrine was necessary to enhance the flavor, good but not fabulous--4 star
Entrees - The New York wild striped bass fillet (seared crispy skin, I LOVE crispy skin) with chanterelle mushroom fricassé, perfect from texture, presentation, taste, everything, now this was fabulous.  As was the poached dorade fillet, artichoke, 
fennel and pattypans, barigoule emulsion.  Both are 5 star dishes.
Dessert  - The floating almond pralines in a meringue and creme anglaise was as an excellent finish to a most impressive French foodie experience.Definitely one of my Philly favorite if not my favorite. Went there several times and always got amazed by the food. Try their specials if they have any left some are very surprising. One of my favorite was the pot au feu and the trout...delicious. Love this to be a byob, so I can bring my quality wine to pair with the meal without paying thousands. Wish they accepted credit card, who carries cash these day? If you have not tried yet go there....reservation can be challenging tho.Wow, what an amazing experience we had last night at Bibou!  It was my birthday and my husband had called about a month ago, but they were booked.  He tried again yesterday and they had a 7:30 cancellation - lucky me!  
We weren't sure when or if we'll make it back there, so we decided on the 7-course tasting menu - such a good decision as we got to try a lot of things on the menu and even some that we surely wouldn't have ordered which blew our minds!  We started with a mushroom consomme that was the perfect thing for a cold winter's night, followed by the escargots, yum!  Then a perfectly cooked scallop over black barley and a curry foam, probably my favorite thing I had all night, unless it was the truffle risotto!  Being not the biggest fan of truffles, I was blown away by this course - it was decadent and perfect!  My husband loved the duo of foie gras and said it was the best foie gras he's had since we ate at Jean-Georges!  Our last main course was the veal sweetbreads, which was followed by flourless chocolate cake and the frozen grand marnier souffle (an old Le Bec Fin favorite, the hostess told us!)  
Bibou had been extremely hyped and I felt that it totally lived up to it, really a perfect celebratory night for us!Le Bec Fin was our top french restaurant, we now have a new favorite, since LeBecFin went down hill. We love the Foie Gras and Escargots. Can't get enough. Service was excellent, then again, there's only 10 tables there. Reservation is hard to get. BYOB.....yay!I love Bibou. I love the ambiance, the family, the food. Cash only. BYOB. Great place to go with your Darling or with friends. Not recommended for large groups though as the place is tiny-unless you rent the place out. Reminds me a lot of Pif from way back when. dessert is a must too!Still the best in Philly.  Love the food, the atmosphere, and the people.Awesome! My wife took me for my birthday. We brought nice wine. Menu is set so you have to call ahead to arrange if you have strong food preference needs. 
The portions are small but there are so many courses we were full be the end of the meal. Each course was well thought out with flavor combinations that were unique and very memorable. 
Highly recommend. We are definitely going back.Really not enough nice things that I can say about this place.  Pierre is a master, particularly with his foie gras.  Even the deserts are well thought out and masterfully executed (and do do do try the homemade sorbets).  Charming atmosphere, and Charlotte is a gracious host.  One of the few MUST visit restaurants in Philly.Bibou is the kind of BYOB that I love about Philly. I had heard good things about it from friends, but the meal I had way exceeded expectations.
First, we showed up with a party of 7, large for the intimate space that is Bibou. The hostess/owner/chef's wife was incredibly gracious about taking our champagne and putting it on ice. We sat down to a cold corn chowder amuse bouche. It was incredible. It came with a smoked salmon that was to die for. Every bite was corn, smoky goodness. 
We were there on a Sunday, which is $45 3 course price fixe, so we didn't have the entire menu to choose from, but the items I wanted were luckily still on the menu. I started with the foie gras, which was served with a spiced bread and a veal demi glace. Each bite was a little bit of unctuous heaven. Oh wait! I cannot continue until I mention the bread. The bread they put on the table is made in house and served with incredibly sexy imported french butter. Divine. I had the quail for main course, which was delish, but my brother had the bone marrow which was the star of the evening. The marrow was removed from the bone and mixed with sauteed mushrooms, breadcrumbs, and some other magical ingredients, placed back in the bone and then baked. It. Was. Amazing. 
I'm conflicted about writing such rave reviews about this place, because I want to go back, but don't want to have to battle for a reservation. This place is a gem in Philly and I hope the quality never changes.Reservation was made about a month in advance for an early dinner on the weekend.
Nothing to complain about. The winners that night were the frog legs and the suckling pig. The creme brulee was the best I have ever had.C'est magnifique!  Everything about this place, I just loved.  From it's cozy feel, to the friendliness and attentiveness of the chef's wife, to the foie gras, this place certainly lives up to its' reputation.My boyfriend and I tried the $45 prefix menu offered on Sundays.
The food was absolutely delicious! The fact that it's BYOB is also a HUGE plus!
Overall, it's an older crowd there (40+) and it's a small space so I can't imagine having a party of larger than 6-8 there. Definitely not a casual place, would suggest wearing at least a polo here for men.
The fois gras was quite good, along with the escargot.
Well, to sum it up, EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!
All of our dishes were delicious and at the perfect temperature, not too cold or too piping hot so we could enjoy all of our food right away. Each dish was served a good amount of time apart so we could rest a bit then get back to delighting our taste buds.
My boyfriend felt his dishes were a touch too salty, but he just isn't a fan of French cuisine in general. (He also doesn't like Thai food! *GASP!)
The service was great; our server was attentive and friendly.
I wish I could eat here every Sunday!I have to say if I lived in Philly I'd probably be broke from being a regular. The space is small and intimate but not crammed. We were lucky enough to get a last minute table thanks to a last minute cancellation. The fois gras was awesome. The only thing I didn't love was the escargot. For main entrées we had the lamb special it was perfectly cooked and meted in your mouth. The steak was great too so I could see why it was the most popular item as I looked around at my fellow dinners. The highlight of the night however was when the chef came out to check on us and introduce himself. If only this place accepted credit cards it would be 5 stars for sure. Also it's BYOB which is pretty cool :)BIBOU (Part 1 of a 2-part review; click link below at bottom to read Part 2):
What, PhillyBestBYOB, no reviews of Bibou???  And you call yourself an expert on Philly BYOBs?
Although I enjoyed this amazing restaurant a total of 5 times in 2012 and 3 time so far in 2013, I went to the "Bibou at Blackfish" dinner last Monday and we are planning a Southern Rhone wine dinner for next week, for some reason I have kept putting this review off.  Perhaps I don't feel that I can really do Bibou the justice it deserves, or maybe I'm having trouble picking the ultimate of ultimate dining experiences, from among so many great meals, about which to write a truly epic ode to French bistros that will finally win me Yelp's ROTD?
Or maybe I'm just procrastinating?
Anyway, I'm going to pick a dinner from last year to write about, since I took photos of all the dishes and have pretty good tasting notes (although appologies to Bibou if I get some of the ingredients wrong...I love Pierre's sexy French accent, but I don't always catch everything).
Since this is an ode, some accompanying music seems appropriate (you know this has to be a great restaurant if someone takes the trouble to write a rap song about it, explicit lyrics and all!):
"She said she wanted foie gra,
And some escargot.
I said I didn't care for that,
Was tired of the snow.
She ordered three appetizers,
And wanted one to go.
I told her she was crazy.
What she doin', I don't know."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCneE4uC514
Sunday, 21 October 2012 (see photos):
10 of us, 9 guys and 1 gal (Ladies, this is why you should go to our wine dinners, the guys usually outnumber the gals, so you will be totally fawned over!) met for a Champagne and Rhone wine dinner at Bibou.  An early seating at 6PM, since these dinners usually last ~4 1/2 hours, and good luck trying to get parking around Bibou at 8:30PM on a Sunday night.
In tiny Bibou, a 10-top takes up ~1/3 the room, and given how long these diners last, we are obviously being treated very well by owners Chef Pierre and Charlotte Calmels, since they could probably turn the space a couple of time (although we always order a 7-course tasting menu, so hopefully this all works out financially for them).
As usual, Chef Pierre created a tasting largely composed of dishes that were on the menu that night, but he often throws in a dish or two just for us, or fulfills a special request (like the amazing 3-fish pate from the old days at Le Bec Fin, which would be too much work to serve to everyone).  That night we enjoyed:
1st course: Pheasant consommé, poured over bites of pheasant -- I'm not usually a consommé fan, preferring richer soups, but there is no question that this was an elegant start to the meal.
2nd course: Venison saddle-cherizo-pistashio-foie gras terrine, with date compote, mustard greens -- Always order whatever pate or terrine is on the menu at Bibou and you will not regret it
3rd course: Scallop, butternut squash, pomegrante, milk-lemon-infused verbena, purple potato puree and potato chip -- A visually striking dish (look at the photo!), with a large perfectly seared scallop that was melt in your mouth
4th course: Foie gras ravioli, Pergourdine sauce (usually a veal sauce made with a sweet wine like Monbazzilac), black truffles -- In my mind, one of Pierre's signature dishes, the combination of foie, pasta, truffle is killer
5th course: Beef tripe, baked in a white wine sauce of tomato, onion, garlic, chicken stock, bread crumbs -- I had this amazing dish for the first time a couple of weeks before, so we specifically requested it...it takes 6-7 hours to prepare this...nice with our Rhones, but really dying for an Italian Sangiovese (sorry Charlotte!)
6th course: Venison meat pie, white chanterelles, blood-current-red wine sauce, mustard greens -- A first-time dish for me, Pierre selected this to match our wines (and everyone in the restaurant benefited), this was everyone's DOTN (Dish of the Night)...don't let the blood sauce scare you, a must order dish if you see it on the menu
Regarding the above dish, I overheard the following comment: "Stupid good!" (Craig LaBan couldn't describe it better).
Click link below for Part 2 of this review...This place tries hard to be Gallic with a French chef who spends( pleasantly) much time pressing flesh. If you get a late reservation call ahead and reserve your choice as eg .they were out of squab-1 of 3 choices. Other idiosyncrasies: cash only,BYOB only, a run down area in a building with cardboard ceiling tiles.Trout did not appeal, hangar steak perfectly cooked absolutely devoid of flavour ;should have taken the pigs foot. Vaunted bone marrow no red wine prep; it was ma's chicken stuffing soaked in fat ; my ignorance of course ,horrid nonetheless ..Desserts only good. ; banana tart tatin 3/5.Professional service.Reasonable  cost.Sometimes a memorable meal can only be accurately described by resorting to poetry.
Therefore, I present you with a haiku, entitled: "So close, yet so far (Bibou)"
Charlotte: Faire la bise
Pierre: Pieds de porc au foie
Me: Forgot my wine!
[For those of you who have forgotten your high school French:
Faire la bise -- The French custom of greating by exchanging air kisses on the cheeks (can be either 1, 2, or 3 cheeks, depending on which region of France you are in).  If you are a regular, Charlotte will do this, so you had better practice beforehand (2 kisses)!
Pieds de porc au foie -- One of Chef Pierre's signature dishes, pig trotters stuffed with foie gras, which is about as French as you can get]
For my previous, slightly more in-depth but less poetic reviews of Bibou, click below...Having never been at Pif, I couldn't compare the decor, but to me, it was simple, neat and just what you need for a South Philly BYOB.
Called to let the lovely Charlotte that we were running late on our OpenTable reservation. After parking in the public lot right next to the restaurant (3 hour), we get seated right away.
Since it is Sunday, the full menu isnt available and we are offered a $45 prix-fixe menu consisting of an Amuse-Bouche, an appetizer (choice of Head Cheese Terrine, Escargots, or Seared Foie Gras), an entree (choice of Hangar Steak, Ahi Tuna, Duck Breast), and a dessert (choice of Chocolate cake, Apricot Tarte, Sorbet).
Charlotte tells me she can adjust it and be flexible about the whole thing and thus I inquire about the Braised Pigs Feet stuffed with Foie Gras. Score.
After choosing a bottle of Badoit (other choice is San Pellegrino for Sparkling), we start off with a Consomme (chilled squab broth). Very flavorful and a good intro to what's about to come.
My girlfriend and I both choose the Seared Foie Gras and I must say, after having done most of the places that serve it in Philly, this was my personal favorite. Served with Raspberries and Sliced Almonds as well as a lingot of what seemed to be cinnamon bread, the foie's flavor was really well complimented by the acidity of the berries and the almonds and the cinnamon bread added a more complex texture to the usual texture of the seared foie.
Came her Magret de Canard (duck breast - medium rare) on wild rice and my Braised Pigs Feet on French Lentils. I had actually never eaten pigs feet prepared this way. The texture is rather gelatinous with an outside crisp but the flavor is rich and smokey. Certainly a hearty dish, and I didnt finish my lentils as there was just so much of them. But this dish is the epitome of Chef Pierre Calmels' cuisine. Not your typical "Philly-French" cuisine. Highly recommended dish.
The magret was cooked perfectly and the sauce was right on point.
When it came to choosing a dessert, unfortunately, the big table (10) next to us (Le Bec-Fin employees I was told) grabbed the last chocolate desserts and so we were reduced to Sorbet or Apricot Tarte. I asked if it would be possible to get a cheese plate instead and Charlotte happily obliged. Sandy, my girlfriend, got the Apricot Tarte.
I was served three cheeses: one goat cheese, one from the Basque Country, and a "stinky" one. (Pardon the lack of cheese knowledge here. I enjoy cheese a lot but am by no means well educated in it)
Really enjoyed the Basque Country one.
Finally, we were asked if we wanted coffee, French Pressed Coffee, or Espresso. Opted for a rather excellent Espresso (Forgot to ask what coffee they serve).
Chef Pierre and Charlotte proceeded to do their round of the tables and we got to discuss their first month and the dinner. 
We were informed that a Tasting Menu would be available every night (7 dishes for $70), that they were planning a Foie Gras and an Oyster Dinner, much like their previous Escargot Dinner (which was 5 courses for $55).
Going back this Saturday for a birthday party of 8, but from what I saw tonight, the place is more than ready for big parties.Still wonderful. Pierre is a gracious host and you really feel like each meal is prepared with the utmost care.I had the privilege of dining at Bibou this past Sunday with a close friend. It turned out to be a wonderfully unforgettable experience!
The dining environment was sweet and cozy, a feeling that was expected and truly did not disappoint. The entire restaurant seats about 30 or so and is the perfect size for the type of experience I was expecting. It is a BYOB which is a true asset that allows you to focus your funds on the food rather than over-priced drinks. 
The service was efficient and well-paced. I would describe the wait staff as "efficient" and "perfectly adequate". Your glass is refilled with your bottle of wine as quickly as it is consumed. The french bread flows easily and the stages of the meal are delivered in perfect timing, creating a very nice slow-paced dining experience.
Finally the food- my mouth still waters as I think of it now! I've dined in well-known establishments in many of the best-known cities in Europe (including Paris) and this particular meal easily surpasses most of those experiences hands-down. The Saint Jacques Scallop preparation is mouth-watering, especially with the pomegranate seeds and hearts of palm complementing the dish so nicely. My friend had the "pig's trotter" stuffed with foie gras- a dish not to be underestimated, as the exquisite pork flavors and perfectly seasoned lentils of the dish are unsurpassed in my repertoire. The pleasantly surprising escargot plate is creatively presented in a shell-shaped plate and is not  the typical garlic and parsley butter-laden dish that one might expect. The foie gras is among the best I've ever consumed and the desserts create a wonderful ending to an exceptional meal, especially the lavender creme brulee and the Baba au Rhum. 
The gracious hosts- husband/wife proprietors, Charlotte and Pierre, create a welcoming experience that I don't often come across, even with smaller establishments like Bibou. Pierre (Bibou's chef) brings his years of experience from Le Bec Fin and recreates a unique and unforgettable menu that no one should miss! They both came to the table to talk to us about the meal, with Charlotte attentive to our needs and returning to make sure everything was in order.
The experience at Bibou has become the basis on which I judge other fine-dining establishments in Philadelphia and elsewhere. This is an experience that is not to be missed- by anyone. If you enjoy unique and wonderful cuisine with some of the best flavors in the city, you must make it a point to visit Bibou.I too came here having read many positive reviews of this charming-looking restaurant, and the inconspicuous facade appealed to me. It was a Sunday night, for the tasting menu. While the staff was very kind, the food went from curiously good but not-quite-right to really quite unfortunate.
As is common in my Philadelphian dining experiences, things started off alright: in this case, with imported butter that has been mentioned elsewhere. The bread was unremarkable. Next came a shrimp bisque that tasted good, but was oddly and inappropriately spicy, and reminiscent of premature acid reflux (the burn, not the flavor, which was good). Next, the small course for two of us was seared fois gras. I enjoyed this and it was executed well, but accompanied by a rather unripe and unflavorful pear, and spiced (perhaps pumpkin) bread that didn't help things much. The fois gras itself was also prone to connective tissue in it which made the texture imperfect. But it lacked the bloody undertones that fois gras sometimes has.
The main course I chose was effectively bone marrow stuffing, as it was bread and vegetables chopped up and stuffed into a large bone. It was rich, and had an unpleasant background flavor which I guess I must attribute to the melted marrow... it was rather organ-like in flavor. To one side of this were small potatoes that really needed salt and a small salad that had far too much, so together that worked out well.
Finally, dessert consisted of goat milk creme caramel and a chocolate trio, which was a sort of brownie with jam, ice cream and a mousse. The goat milk caramel was very plain, though the caramel was quite dark, successfully masking the rank flavor that goat milk usually possesses. However, the creme caramel itself was quite underwhelming: not particularly smooth or overcooked, it was very average.
The chocolate trio was far below average, however, with the chocolate ice cream firmly at the top, followed by a very thick and grainy mousse and last an uncertain brownie (no one could tell what it was supposed to have tasted like, but surely not what it actually did..) with strawberry jam on top. It was our mistake not to have tried the sorbet, which was made elsewhere. All this was topped off by really, very hard and chewy coconut macaroons. Maybe to teethe.
Anyhow, for $45 this might be worth it, but certain parts were just not enjoyable.Food: 3
Decor: 3
Service: 4
Came here for their Sunday $45 4-course prix fixe after snagging a reservation 3 weeks in advance. It's hard to find parking in the area, but I managed to finally find a spot in the parking lot next door after circling around for 15 min.
1. Consomme
~Pretty good.
2. Foie gras with grilled apricot
~Pretty good. Foie gras was tasty, although I was hoping it'd be smoother and more buttery.
3. Sea bass
~Delicious. Easily the best course of the night. Bass was cooked perfectly, and the broth was quite good. Side veggies were decent.
4. Frozen souffle
~Okay. More like frozen ice cream (can't remember the dessert I'm thinking of).
5. Macaroons and cookies
~Mediocre. A bit too sweet, and I only had a bite of each.
Service was good, although it was odd when the server came back and told me there was only 1 bass left and asked me to switch to another fish. Luckily, another server came by and said that I could have the bass."I HAVE THE POWER OF TEN DUCKS!!!" I bellowed mightily down 8th Street after our meal at Bibou. I have the strength of a team of ducks and it's because I dined on their hearts with maitake mushrooms.
 I actually don't know how many hearts were literally consumed, but I can tell you this- If that appetizer is offered when you go to Bibou, get it. It's so delicious. Every course we devoured was, and impeccably prepared.
 The pan-seared foie gras was just perfect as were the escargots with favas and tarragon. The boef with green peppercorns sauce was flawless as well. 
I had been so anxious to try Bibou after hearing so many accolades and after having just one of the most hideously disappointing days in recent memory we actually had one glorious stroke of luck that we were able to get a reservation off opentable. 
We got ourselves together, bought a couple of bottles of wine (BYOB), went to Bibou and experiened one of the most excellent meals ever.
 Service was wonderful. I could thesaurus-up every synonym for "perfect," to describe this place. And...I know that Pierre, the chef, stops by everyone's table, but it still made us feel like all specially. Also it was satisfying to be able to enthusiastically jabber about how much we adored our meal to the man himself who made it. 
Duck hearts, liver, handful of garden snails... Kinda sounds like the makings of a witch's brew, maybe there is some kinda spell involved... It's funny how duck hearts and liver and some garden snails seemed to make everything all better.Both times I've eaten here the food has been outstanding, bordering on perfection.  On my first visit I went for the Sunday dinner, 4 course prix-fixe with choices for $45.  Everything was incredibly well-prepared and delicious, the only exception being the ice cream I ordered for dessert which had some ice crystal action happening, but I should have known better than to order ice cream when there were other delicious options.
The second time around I dined on tripe and it was delicious.  I'm not a big offal fan, but it was prepared so well, gratinee with tomatoes and bread crumbs, that I forgot I was even eating tripe.  For entree I had the pied du porc.  I didn't really like the texture of it, but the lentils that it sat on were so porky and delicious, on the verge of being too rich, but not quite getting there.  I can't wait to go back.Bibou is definitely my favorite restaurant in Philly!! Best value to taste the food like a Michelin star restaurant. Change menu all the times!!! Best food, best service and good price!The best and most enjoyable BYO meal I've had in Philadelphia (and I've had alot).  The owner/hostess was extremely nice.  They handled our nice bottle of wine that we brought back from France appropriately.  But most importantly....the food was spectacular and simple all at the same time.  It's the kind of experience that you can only have in Philadelphia - out of the way BYO, small dining room, decent prices, and ridiculously good food.  
The only issue was they weren't ready for us at our reservation time.  In fact it took 45 minutes for them to get our table cleared and ready, but this time was passed easily at Royal Tavern so I really can't conplain.
If I have to compare, I'd say it's better than Bistrot la Minette and Cochon, both of which I love.  But all three are just so much better than your run of the mill (usually italian...) BYO.There are few times in dining where I am rendered emotionally moved, but Bibou was one of these rare experiences.
My partner did some research and we chose to dine during the second seating of their 7-course prix fixe tasting menu. Although we were initially concerned about the inability to make substitutions, we decided to adventure forth together. 
We arrived at 8:25 and were seated at 8:35. Our amuse bouche was a palate delight with our favorite being the bacon Lardon crostini with brown butter (if I remember correctly.)
While each course had its own merits, some stars include the creamy herbaceous risotto, the red wine sauce, the crispy quail, and all the bread to soak up the succulent sauces poured tableside with each course.
My only point of regret was the cheese plate. When offered a salad or rare French cheeses I chose the salad as my unrefined palate has yet to embrace the funky nuances of aged fromage. When my "salad" arrived, I felt as though I was being punished for choosing it over their fine cheese board. It was several leaves with olive oil and pepper. After an elaborate meal, I was expecting more than this miniscule arrangement of foliage. At the least, toss me a crouton!
My partner decided to take a walk on the wild side and embraced the cheese. When presented with the board the monsieur explained how each cheese was exceptionally old and rare in its own right. From a bourbon rinsed cheese, to a refined bleu, and then ending in the oldest cheese in France with beautiful accoutrements. He instantly shoveled the cheese into his mouth in an honest rookies mistake. He expression of pain that followed was priceless. To his credit, he tried each cheese but was unable to stomach the bold tastes. Our server was appalled at his full plate upon return, but smiled politely. We apologize for our lack of palate development...perhaps in 20 years we can unabashedly pile drive molten cheese with a certain je nais Se pas in a similar manner to the gentlemen seated perpendicular to us, but at the present time all we could both taste was funk.
The delightful meal culminated in a savory dessert and chocolates. We enjoyed our three hour unrushed dining extravaganza and would return for another 7-course affair.
*We loved the intimate atmosphere and highly attentive service.I had been in a bit of a funk when it came to Philadelphia restaurants. Every place I went was tasty, but not exactly memorable. But Bibou restored my faith in exciting and delicious food.
(Full disclosure, I have a food blog so I tend to prefer restaurants that serve me things I could/would never make at home). 
We started off a bit rough; I left the bottle of wine at home! But the cozy atmosphere at the restaurant made it all ok again. 
We had a duck heart special and the escargots to start. And wow. We could not contain how excited we were about these two dishes. We even requested extra bread to sop up all of the sauces. 
Right before the main dishes arrived, our waiter brought out two glasses of wine to enjoy with our entree which was really nice of him.  My boyfriend had the Pied de Porc - a Braised pig foot stuffed with foie gras, and he could not have been happier about it. That poor dish didn't stand a chance. I had A lobster/fish croquette in a tomato sauce (I can't remember the exact name of it) that was so delicious, I kept eating it without letting it cool down... totally worth the burnt mouth. 
The service here is as impeccable at the food, I can't remember the last time I had such an overall fantastic experience at a restaurant. 
I also want to point out that I used a gift certificate that had (oops) expired 2 months prior and they still let me use it. I really appreciate the extra bit of customer service which allowed me to enjoy a meal here!Fantastic restaurant. Our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and the best foie gras in the city.All courses were delicious, especially the soufflé!
The intimate, well-lit atmosphere and visit from the chef made the night even more memorable.
One of the best meals we've had in a long time!Traditional French restaurant with an awesome ambiance, that's BYOW. It's not pretentious at all, and the service is fantastic. The menu rotates items pretty frequently. Reservations are booked weeks to months ahead so make sure to do that and request bone marrow when making them if that's something you want to try. There is also a municipal lot right next door for easy parking. 
For me, this restaurant was a let down, but to be fair, my expectations were high. Recommendations by friends who touted Bibou as one of the top restaurants in Philly, and the high Yelp reviews set a high bar. I tried this restaurant two times, and I wasn't blown away either time. 
What I've tried: 
Bread is delicious especially with warm butter if you ask them to heat it up for you
Seared foie gras - fantastic, best way to serve foie gras
Foie gras terrine & mousse - I much preferred the seared one the 1st time I went
Escargots - It was a little bland to me
Steak Tartare - Pretty standard
Bone Marrow - Didn't stand out to me. 
Lamp chops - Ordered medium rare, were over-cooked
Braised pork feet - The pork was a little dry and the lentils were only okay.
Duck breasts - Standard
Desserts - Unimpressed
Overall, it was a let down based on my expectations and I hope this review will tone down your expectations so you can be positively surprised. I may be willing to give it one more shot with the tasting menu.After another excellent meal last night, I wanted to write an update.  Since my first visit to Bibou, I've been back for the 7-course tasting at the bar near the kitchen and twice with friends (who were really just excuses for me to go back).  On both of those trips, we ordered a la carte.
First, the bad.  I don't know whether the novelty has worn off (we do tend to order some of the same things each time because we love them) or the execution has been slightly off since the initial visits, but I've grown slightly less impressed by the food.  That's not to say that there aren't still surprises, or that the food isn't some of the best I've ever had.  I struggle to recall any missteps and, while I haven't liked some dishes as much as others, they're always extremely well put together.  It's only that the food has gone from being revelatory to just extremely enjoyable.
The good:  The more we come, the more familiar we get with the staff.  We talk about other restaurants (and some of the people who work there) with the servers.  Or where they're from.  On my previous three visits, we've been the last party to leave, and Charlotte has pulled up a chair with a glass of wine after everyone's left.  She's absolutely charming and she'll talk about her family, Bibou's success, and occasionally say something delightfully mischievous.  I told her how I was struggling with puff pastry that was essential for my plans to show off at a potluck, and she gave me advice and told me to call her later if I still had trouble.  The intimacy adds so much to the experience and if there have been any slight changes in how much I enjoy the food, I still love the restaurant more each time I go.  My only complaint now is that it's hard to respond to their friendliness when I'm already struggling to maintain some small degree of dignity and not  lick the plate or have food spill out of my mouth.Start to finish, best meal in Philadelphia. So good that I actually created an account just to say so!  My boyfriend and I shared the tasting menu. The food was sensual, delicious, and intimate. The service was impeccable while not at all being stuffy or over-bearing. And after we ate the chef chatted us up... Pretty impressive considering the size of the restaurant. They also deserve a lot of credit for their attention to small details. Worth noting that 90% of the food in the window was not what we ate- begging a return trip.
The good: butter, pheasant terrine, duck heart stew, swordfish over polenta cake, lamb, chorizo mussels, black trumpet mushroom fricassee, foie gras with port-poached pears and pumpkin spice bread, foie gras and berry custard that tasted like heaven and had the texture of creamy peanut butter *it was amazing*, cheese plate, and ile flottante for dessert (coincidentally my all-time favorite, what a nice surprise).
The bad: After a bottle of white and red, respectively, we were left wondering why we didn't bring any champagne along too. How terribly indulgent.
The ugly: I was so full I couldn't finish some of my decadent food and thusly my bf scarfed a lot of it down.
So I advise you to make a reservation, and bring an appetite!Bibou is probably the most intimate restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Its a cozy cash only French BYOB with amazing food at excellent prices in an unpretentious atmosphere. Its no wonder this place is always booked up. 
We started with fois gras and venison sausage. Both items were spectacular. For our entrees we had the bone marrow special and beef tenderloin. I've never had bone marrow before, so its hard to compare, but the beef tenderloin was out of this world. The deserts were very high quality as well. The chocolate plate was my favorite. 
Saying Bibou has great service is an understatement. I honestly don't think I've had a better service anywhere in the USA or abroad. The staff was very attentive, and the chef came out to check on every table.
The combination of food quality, service, and pricing is unmatched in Philadelphia. I highly recommend Bibou.Amazing Sunday dinner. Highlights were the bacalao soup, escargot and skate; save the amazing complimentary baguette and macaroon.  Friendly casual service and atmosphere but formal enough for a special occasion. Byob and cash-only.Bibou is all that.  Intimate, elegant and comfortable.  First off, parking is easy with a two hour lot right next door, which is a blessing in Philadelphia, the city where people get bumped off over parking spaces.  Immediately upon entering, you see how cozy it is.  The waiter knew what he was talking about and I really appreciated the fact that when he opened the bottle of wine, he evaluated the wine and then he was ready and willing to make recommendations for the meal based on the wine.
Here, you will find value in the fact that the kitchen is absolutely top notch, yet to afford a meal you don't have to get a second mortgage (which is near impossible now anyway).  Good luck getting a reservation.  It appears there are many regulars and to them I admit, I envy you, I wish I could eat there once a week.I don't often use the word charm when talking about restaurants, but Bibou exudes charm. This small, quant BYOB in bella vista is where Carly and I had dinner Friday night. Even with 35 people, this place would be packed. I love that Bibou focuses on the small details. The bathroom was really nice. The butter was imported from France. Our server was attentive and gave in depth explanations of thie entire menu. These little things cultivate a really nice environment for dinner.
We opted for some Cabernet Savignon to go with dinner. The menu here is set up in two courses, and there's a lot of excellent choices. We started with duck heats marinated with mushrooms. This dish had a lot of flavor, and the hearts were tender and succulent. 
Main courses came out shortly after. Carly ordered the bone marrow special. Bibou only makes ten bone marrow specials each day, and when they sell out, thats it for the night. Pierre, the head chef, takes a cow bone and splits it down the middle. The marrow is scooped out, and then made into a delicious stuffing with mushrooms and breadcrumbs, and returned to the bone and roasted. Where else can you eat out of a bone? It also came with a side of some of the best roasted potatoes I've had in recent memory.
I ordered seared ahi tuna with cauliflower cuoscous with tomatillos and raisins. The whole dish was topped with a turmeric sauce . I ordered the tuna rare, and it was excellently cooked. My dish wasn't my favorite, but it was still way better than what I expect when I'm out to eat.
After dinner, Pierre had slow moment in the kitchen. He came out to each table individually and asked us about our meal and thanked us for dining with them. This simple gesture was really nice and wins big points in my book.
We also had dessert; a chocolate sampler. Chocolate mousse, a brownie thing and chocolate gealtto. Thses three different things were distinct and tasty, a perfect way to cap off our dinner.
Bottom line: This byob will impress you. Its an intimate place to grab dinner, not too expensive, and a real pleasure to enjoy. Hang around long enough to talk to Pierre and get the full experience.I am sorry but I can only give this place 4 stars. The meal was great but for 5 stars it needs to blow me away, sorry to say it did not. I had the escargots and the foie gras to start, the escargots were good but a hair to salty. The foie gras was good one of the better I have had. I decided on the hanger steak ( I was craving red meat lol), I should have gone with the pigs foot form what I have seen on this site. The dish was good, it just didn't have a 5 star taste. The place is a little on the bright side as far as lighting is concerned, but that is just my preference. In short a solid 4 star that may have some 5 star dishes I didn't try.Every would be  restaurateur in the city should be required to eat at Bibou in order to experience real service. Top notch, passionate, informed, attentive - first class.
High notes - the Steak, Tuna, Marrow Bone, Cheese plate, dessert. Food was a little uneven, the mussels did not meet our expectations and the shrimp and avocado app was unremarkable. I keep coming back to the Marrow Bone. If you told me I would pay $30 for a half a bone, couple of spuds and some frizzed greens and be happy, I would not believe you. I carry a picture of this thing on my phone along with my kids. OMG.
Super duper good - a treat we will repeat.bibou is a great little place, byob mind you - very small but makes up for size with a great, mixed menu that is hard not to please and great service. the hostess and waiter were both extremely polite and attentive. food was brought out in a timely fashion - not too early and not too late. my hat off to the chef as the filet i ordered was cooked to perfection. I'm not a fan of mushrooms but the dish incorporated them rather nicely which was a surprise for me because I didn't mind them at all. definitely was a great dining experience and worth the money for an exquisite meal. I'm not so much a fan of french cuisine due to my particular taste tendencies but the menu seemed broad enough to cover anyones' likes and everything is cooked using the freshest, finest ingredients. it is cash-only which is a minor downfall but definitely not a deal breaker. highly recommend bibou as a nice little hole-in-the-wall byob in philadelphia - definitely worth atleast one shot.I'm not a fan of French food and Philly's French offerings (LBF, Brasserie Perrier, Parc) did not debunked my belief.  
Then came Bibou....
Bibou is easily one of my favorite restaurants.  During my frequent travels, I haven't been able to find an equivalent restaurant in terms of quality, style, or value -- a surprising disappointment for SF and NYC.  Bibou is certainly Philly's gem.
Here's the breakdown:
LOGISTICS:  Located in South Philly near the Italian Market and Washington Ave.  PPA parking lot -- 3-hrs free.  Street parking.  Reservations via phone or opentable.com.  Reservations can be difficult to get, so plan ahead.  BYOB. Cash only. Closed Mon & Tues.
PRICE:  Very reasonable for this caliber food.  $45 prix fixe menu on Sundays (4 courses).  You can request more courses for incrementally more money.  You can also just order off the menu.
FOOD:  Pied de Porc, Foie Gras, and Bone Marrow are my favorites.  There are also more familiar offerings for those who have less adventurous palates.  If you call ahead, vegetarian requests can be made.  If you're vegan, consider going elsewhere.   
The only mild disappointment was that the desserts paled in comparison to the rest of the meal.  Anywhere else, the desserts would have been fabulous.
SERVICE:  Excellent!  Pierre and Charlotte were very attentive and obviously proud of their creation.  The staff is fantastic. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Congrats to BIbou for the 2010 James Beard nomination!I now live in LA, but every time I'm back in Philadelphia, I insist that my parents (who go here regularly) and I go to Bibou.  To me, this restaurant is a revelation--I've now been here probably half a dozen times (twice we've gotten the blowout tasting menu).
The experience begins the moment you walk in the door.  It's a cozy, inviting room that is simultaneously relaxed but elegant.  Charlotte and the staff are extremely welcoming.  And I have to add that they have one of the nicest bathrooms of any restaurant I've seen--if I had one like it at home, I'd probably never leave.
Of course, none of this would matter if the food weren't world class.  And it is.  On this latest visit, I had escargots with yellowfoot chanterelles in a deliciously flavorful sauce--went through quite a bit of bread (and their bread is fantastic) sopping it up.  While my mother ordered what I did, my father ordered the always wonderfully decadent foie gras, but this time Pierre accompanied it with an other-worldly roasted, slightly caramelized persimmon slice.  Absolutely incredible pairing.  My main course was a perfectly cooked duck breast in a red wine reduction, accompanied by a small gaggle of vegetables (corn, shallots, etc), with just a hint of vinegar to cut through the richness of the duck.  Again, my mother and I seemed to be duplicating each other tonight, but my father had a perfectly cooked branzino, a mild lemon flavor complementing it par excellence.  One of the best fish dishes I could remember in recent memory.
Before dessert, we detoured to the cheese course, a trio of delightful cheeses (a goat, a Roquefort and a Morbier), always paired perfectly.  I finished my meal with a chocolate trio (cake, mousse and ice cream, though this hardly does them justice) and their scrumptious macaroons.
From start to finish, Bibou never disappoints.  Every meal I've ever had there has been nothing short of perfection.  One of the best restaurants in America, and a great reason to visit Philadelphia.Oh Bibou. You've set a very high standard for fine dining in Philadelphia. My girlfriend and I went for her birthday.  If you use Open Table, be prepared to be on at midnight a month in advance of when you want to make a reservation, though it might be best to call instead (I used Open Table).  
Bibou's storefront is wholly unassuming-- possibly a converted corner home that has a humble sign with its signature "b."  It's next to a municipal parking lot on 8th St. just past Carpenter, so parking is a breeze.  As you enter, you realize that there may be 9 tables in the entire restaurant, and as you eat you're incredibly fortunate to sit at one.  
The hostess was incredibly polite, sat us immediately (even though we were a few minutes early), and the table was spotless.  One of our servers quickly filled our water glasses, opened our wine (it's BYOB!!!), gave us our menus, and brought us a lovely sliced baguette.  we had a moment to realize just how delightfully the place is decorated, with little French accents.  Along with the menu, the server informed us of the specials for both first plates and the main course.  
We began with a fois gras duo and creamy risotto with shaved black truffle. First, I could not believe that these two dishes came out of the kitchen in less than 10 minutes.  It was such wonderful service; we were hardly ever left waiting.  The fois gras duo was amazing-- I've never had such high quality fois gras.  It was prepared as a mousse topped with an apricot gelatin (aspic?), and the other was seared with candied apricot and a pumpernickel-like bread soaked in an acidic liquid. Great contrast, and an excellent application of fois gras. The risotto receives equally high marks. The arborio rice was cooked to perfection with a creamy broth of stock and mascarpone adding to the richness. The best part was that four or five pieces of shaved black truffle topped the dish. It was the most rich, flavorful risotto I have ever had.  What a great start.
The Plats Principaux were also phenomenal. My girlfriend had a sauteed softshell crab on a buckwheat pancake, salad and moutarde.  The buckwheat pancake was so light and airy, but it packed so much flavor. The softshell crab was flavored delicately, but  it let the crab flavor shine through- so tasty!   My pied de porc (pig's foot) with lentil "du puy" was incredibly rich and packed with, what else, fois gras.  I have only had pickled pigs' feet at my grandmother's behest 20 years ago.  This was completely different and so incredible. The pork was deboned and melted in your mouth. The lentils were cooked to perfection with petit carrot brunoise and chopped bacon (real bacon).  I loved every bite.
For dessert, the strawberry-rhubarb pie with a merengue top was mindblowingly good. My lemon verbena creme brulee had perfect texture, but I think the lemon gave it a slightly bitter flavor and didn't have enough sugar to get through the richness of my first two dishes.  To end, they brought my girlfriend two macarons with a candle for her birthday (both delicious).  During the night, the chef came over and greeted us, talked for a bit, explained some of the dishes, and was so sincerely cordial.  It was an unbelievable experience all around.  I would give it 8 stars if I could, but five will have to do.The best French restaurant in Philly! The food was incredible and I loved every single bite I took. 
My boyfriend took me there for my birthday on a Friday night. The place is close to Italian market and there is a public parking lot one block away from it. So parking wasn't an issue at all. As we walked in, I realized how small this place is. During the time we were there, there wasn't an empty table. I feel so lucky to be able to get a reservation here. We were seated by the window. Our waiter is very proper and promptly. 
The menu isn't extensive but there are so many options that sound so interesting. What we ended up are: 
1. Risotto with shaved truffle: it was my first time having fresh shaved truffle. It was creamy but not too overwhelming. With the right amount of cheese, it's a perfect light start of our meal
2. Foie gras duo: it came with a mousse version and a seared one. As a mousse, the texture and flavor of foie gras was highlighted so well. The seared one was accompanied with some sort of sweet bread and apricot. It was an interesting contrast on taste between the fattiness of foie gras and the citrus flavor of apricot.   
3. Stuffed pig feet: this was the best part of our meal. The tender meat with some delicious french lentil made every single bite perfect. 
4. Sauteed softshell crabs: two crabs were sauteed and plated with a pancake. Mustard sauce is used for dipping. This was very satisfying, especially considering that I have been craving for crabs for the past few weeks. I am not sure what went into the pancake but it tasted great with the crabs. 
For dessert, we had creme brulee and strawberry rhubarb pie. Maybe because I had a bite of the pie first, the creme brulee was sort of tasteless to me. I enjoyed the pie much more.
Over the course of 2.5 hours we were there, I realized that most people there seemed to visit frequently as they chatted with the hostess and chef. It was a really nice touch when the chef stopped by our table to say hi. 
Overall, it was a great dining experience with some of the best dishes I have had. We will definitely go back there soon.  
P.S. This is cash only, so be prepared.I had been wanting to try Bibou for the past year or so, but every time I got around to making a reservation, they were already booked solid.  When my family came to town this past weekend, I jumped at the opportunity to take them to a 9pm reservation (much to my family's chagrin.. we don't typically eat that late).  I'm happy to say that it was well worth the wait.  
I ordered the $70, 7-course chef's tasting menu.  It. was. to die for. Let's see if I can remember each of the courses: 
0. complimentary chilled endive cream, smoked fish rillette (cold soup, bitter cream with a sweet and salty fish patty in it; odd but enjoyable; listed at $9). 
1. Crab salad: Crab meat salad with cucumber& watermelon, avocado purée on top (delicious, I highly recommend trying this one. The sweet watermelon with the tangy avocado was perfect with the crab; listed at $14).
2. Escargot (The dressing felt more Mediterranean than French but it was delicious nonetheless; listed at $15).  
3. Fois Gras: goose liver with poached peach, served with a side of cream which was topped with a watermelon glaze.  (I really enjoyed this dish, again it was something odd that I might not have otherwise tried; listed at $18)
4. Monk fish (apparently people relate this fish to lobster, and I can understand why.  Same sort of consistency, it felt very fatty (in a good way) and tasty. Not my favorite, but still interesting! price unlisted)
5. I know I'm missing a course, but for the life of me I can't remember it.  I'm sure it was lovely though!
6. Foie du Veau: Veal liver with potatoes and spinach (Very different from anything I've ever eaten. The waiter wouldn't tell me what it was until after I'd tried it.  The consistency is hard to describe... I'm not sure I would recommend trying it if you are just ordering a main because I can see how someone could be disappointed with it.  But I was feeling adventurous (re: tipsy?) so I found it to be enjoyable; listed at $27 )
7. Creme brulee: A classic. Perfect (price unlisted).
Considering the few dishes I could find a price for total more than $83 (remember, monk fish, mystery dish, and creme brulee were unlisted), I'd say that the $70 tasting menu is the way to go.  The portions were large enough that everyone at my table of 4 was able to sample, with enough leftover for me to thoroughly enjoy.
Throughout the meal we were also served fresh baguette and French butter which was the perfect amount of soft and crunchy, salty and creamy respectively. 
The chef was floating around the dining room throughout the night, and stopped by our table to say hello and chat with my mom (in French) about the dinner.  Charming and kind man who truly cares about food.
Having a sibling too young to drink but old enough to drive makes driving a breeze.  There's a PPA parking lot right next to the restaurant, and the lot is free after 8 (If I remember correctly... please don't quote me on this one). 
Overall, one of the best dinners I have had in Philadelphia.
Don't forget! It's BYOB and cash only.So glad I finally dined here. Nice dining room (if a little unatmospheric), excellent menu, attentive service, good quality ingredients, spot on presentation, delicious desserts. Will most certainly go back.This was one of the best byob places I've ever been to. The chef even spoke to us after dinner. Absolutely delicious and super cozy. I wish we had something like this in NYC. Grab a drink at James' before dinner right down the street.Don your prettier apparel and get ready for date night. The service was absolutely top of the line. When I asked if escargot was from sea snails or land snails the waiter (who had a french accent) not only knew that they were land snails, but gave a brief explanation of the snails origins depending on where you were in the U.S. His descriptions of the menu items were eloquent and informative. I highly recommend the tasting menu. Sampling everything you can is absolutely delightful. My favorite was the floating island dessert.just adore the Sunday night set menu. The trio of fois gras was terrific. Lovely atmosphere, very warm, Too darn hard to get a reservation!The butter is soooo good!!! I think I come back to bibou partly because of the butter they serve with the bread. Menu selection isn't vast but they dont disappoint. We tend to get some extra complimentary food such as macaroons and etc. 
Booking fills up quickly but nothing like a late night dinner at bibouMy wife and I went to Bibou for our anniversary.  We both left wondering why everyone seems to love this place.  We arrived 5-minutes early.  Our table was not ready, which was understandable but we were asked to sit outside on a bench and wait.  We asked why we couldn't sit at the back bar and were told we could do that if we wanted.  When we sat down, our appetizer and main course were served within 20 minutes.  No good restaurant serves food that quickly.  We went to dine, not to eat quickly.  We called the owner over and she siad that this was the standard in the city.  We now live in Philly but we've lived in other countries.  Philly restaurants do tend to serve way too quickly.  Now, the food was good, but not outstanding.  We used to eat in Montreal quite a lot when our daughter lived there.  Bibou would be an okay restaurant in Montreal, not worth the hype.Bibou came highly recommended by a good friend of mine who knows his French cuisine so my party of 6 decided to give it a go when we visited Philly from New York.  The restaurant was small but cozy and was pretty full when we were seated. As the meal went on we enjoyed the bread and escargot appetizers but once the meal was served things took a turn for the unsavory. I did not like what I ordered so decided not to eat it and share with a friend. When the waiter came to take the plates he asked me if anything was wrong with the food since he saw the barely touched meal. I told him I wasn't a fan of the flavor and that the mussels tasted as if they had gone bad but that I didn't want to complain and I shared some other meals. 
Within 5 minutes, the manager (chef's wife) came over to our table and proceeded to speak in French to a member of our party who spoke French. No one understood what they were saying but the woman was clearly agitated. Finally my French friend said, "Speak to them, they had the mussels" and pointed at me and another member of the party.
The woman then proceeded to come over in, and in her most condescending tone, tell us that if we didn't like the mussels then it must be because we don't know what mussels are supposed to taste like. I was shocked, especially because I hadn't sent the food back or complained. We apologized if we had offended her in any way and told her that we simply did not like them and that it was a matter of taste. 
She walked away and stood about twenty feet away from our table for the rest of the night, glaring at us. I spoke to my friend in Spanish and she yelled, across the restaurant, "I speak Spanish too, you know!" 
Regardless of the food, we definitely left the restaurant with a bad taste in our mouth. We will never recommend this place to anyone unless they want to try the mussels--with a side of French bitch on the side.Cozy atmosphere, prompt and friendly service, incredible food on all fronts. Recommend going for an earlier reservation, as things can get backed up.Incredible food for a great value. It isn't cheap but compared to a lot of (liquor) licensed restaurants of its caliber you can get a world class meal for two for under $200. It's also great to go somewhere where the owners are truly hands on. Chances are you'll meet both owners before you leave the restaurant.For starters, I have to ask - WHAT is that photo on the Bibou Yelp page.  At first glance, I thought it was a creme brulee gone horribly wrong!  Looks NOTHING like anything that ended up on OUR table!
In any event, we made our first visit to Bibou a few nights ago, and BAM!  Right to the top of the list.  The place only has room for about a dozen tables, and from what I can tell, the owners are a French couple who are running the place themselves.  As it happened, we were caught in a huge traffic snarl so we were over an hour late for our reservation.  When we called to explain, all we got was a message device, but once we arrived, they had listened to the message and adjusted accordingly so we could be seated nearly 90 minutes late.  That's a big deal for a little restaurant like this, but they could not have been more gracious in helping go make things work.
But what about the food?  OMG... AMAZING!  I had the special, which turned out to be venison.  Normally that would not be my first choice, but our server raved about it, and I was so glad I went with his recommendation!  There was a smallish medallion, but also a 'second feature' of ground (?) meat in the lighter than air pastry.  Heaven - I tell ya!  They were willing to substitute the asparagus over the brussel sprouts (THANK YOU!), and the potatoes in a breaded crust (sophisticated hush puppies) were simply to die for.  
C had the black sea bass which literally melted in your mouth.  And the creme brulee absolutely passed the amazing test, which we think is the real mark of an outstanding restaurant. 
As for the guy who gave them three stars a few weeks ago, not sure what we missed, but Bibou goes right to the top of our BYOB list.  We can hardly wait to go back!Been trying to get in for a while and was able to get in this past Saturday.  Our waiter Eli was great, excellent service. Was really looking forward to the bone marrow based on the positive reviews. I guess I am not a marrow expert but I was not floored by the dish.  Tasted like crispy  stuffing, not bad but nothing mind blowing.  
Soup
artichoke soup with pickled fennel  - creamy and excellent
Appetizers.
Foie gras -  very well executed  melted in your mouth
chilled shrimp salad  - creamy and outstanding
escargots - great presentation, good sauce, 
Entrees,  
My wife had a special, Seared sea scallops, pea purée, grilled eggplant, enoki mushrooms, prosciutto and pomegranate vinaigrette .  It was the best scallop dish she ever had, cooked perfectly and my wife went   "mmmmmmmm!!"  after every bite!  I tasted it too and it was spectacular!!
I had the whole fish special.  Cant remember the name of the fish but the waiter said similar to branzino.   It was excellent!!   served with a side of sweet potato gnocchi that was to die for!!  could be the best gnocchi i ever had!!
dessert
pistachio sorbet
honey sorbet    both very good,   not too heavy!Adventurous menu. Tasty meal, but not extraordinary. I might go back, but not with expectations as high as my first visit.Our second trip to Bibou was nothing short of extraordinary.  Although Chef Pierre was not present this evening, his long time colleague and fellow chef, Ron Fougeray was at the helm this night.
I had managed to reserve a table for the Sunday Prix Fixe dinner and it did not disappoint.  I remembered last time that I had wanted to try the stuffed pigs foot and was told to just call ahead and ask about it.  I did and we, mostly I (more on that), were able to get the last one.
From the entrance to the seating everything was what one would expect from a top restaurant.  Courteous, attentive service with warm smiles and friendly expressions.
The soup this evening was a chilled watermelon and beet gazpacho with roasted baby golden beets and pickled watermelon rind.  My only critique of this dish, which is also my only critique of the entire meal, was that the watermelon rind was too large to obtain and eat with the small demitasse spoon and cup.  Otherwise, the flavors were fresh, vibrant and helped to awaken our senses to the oncoming meal.
During the course of dinner our server took great liberty in refilling our wine glasses even though there was a point when I should have put my hand over my glass and waived my napkin.
The guinea hen and foie gras galantine and seared foie gras was the second course for us.  The galantine, served room temperature, had a great rustic appeal that matched the style of cooking established by Chef Pierre.  The foie gras was amazing as always.  Those of us fortunate enough to have experienced the foie gras from Bibou in the past know that the quality and care taken to the liver is perfect.
The next item was our reserved item.  The foie gras stuffed pig's foot, crisped up and served over a bed of braised lentils.  Easily one of the best items of the night.  The crispy pig skin and gelatinous'y innards complemented with the soft foie gras were simply perfection when accompanied by the lentils.  I could eat that dish every day, although it may have dire health implications later on.
For entrees, I opted for the oil poached arctic char with corn, broccoli and a corn-uni emulsion.  The sauce, poured table side, was the perfect balance of sweet and salty complementing the char and the sauteed farro.  My wife went with the petite filet that was accompanied by a potato gratin and a marvelous sauce medoc ($5 supplement).
Chef Ron graciously complimented our meal with the assorted cheeses of the evening, some of which were left on the plate as my stomach was reaching near excess.
For dessert, we shared the chocolate pot de creme and floating island with homemade almond pralines.  At this point, my wife had to finish the sweets as I had reached capacity, but she informed me with every bite that they were all exceptionally tasty.Had the 5:30 Chef Tasting on a Friday evening. What a wonderful time. It was $70 for one person (plus tax and tip) and you can bring your own wine if you are into that. Had 6 courses plus a dessert. Some of the best food I had - ever.Bibou was the most wonderful experience I have had in a Philly restaurant.  The food is absolutely amazing.  The ambiance is great - it has such a nice feel - you can laugh and have a great time, not stuffy at all.  
From the moment we walked in the door we felt at home.  
The bone marrow is not to be missed - we had this for the table and I believe it was the best thing on the menu.
We went at 5:30 and they were already buzzing with a dinner crowd.After visiting Bibou for the first time I immediately declared it to be my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection and simply delicious. The chef made a point to walk around and speak with each table, which I was very impressed by! Reservations have to be made in advance so it was no suprise that almost every party was making their next reservation on the spot, and we were no exception! We cannot wait to go back!This is hands down the BEST French food you will find in Philadelphia. I've been to all the top picks for French in the city and surrounding areas and I am still amazed every time I step foot in this charming store front and eat! From the adorable co-owner Charlotte that runs the operation, to her incredibly gifted husband Pierre (who, by the way, was the former Executive Chef of Le Bec Fin) you can not go wrong with the meal or the service. I could write on and on about the food but I'd hate to ruin the ambiance and surprise. So, give the place a try especially for a special occasion. It can't be beat! (Oh no, now I'm never gonna be able to get a table! ;)(Part 2 of a 2-part review; for Part 1, see above)
4TH COURSE: Pavé de Loup, caviar, Petite Nage a L'Orange
Pierre's.  As I understand it, loup or "wolf", was in this case actually black sea bass, and a pavé is a square or rectangular portion reminiscent of street paving or brick.  Be that as it may, this was a perfectly cooked and seasoned portion of one of my favorite fish, with a truly lovely sauce.  But it was really the large dollop of "caviar" (the suddenly trendy, more affordable paddlefish roe from Alabama, not the real stuff!), providing a dramatic flavor contrast with the mild fish, that really made this dish memorable.  Perhaps my second favorite course.
5th COURSE: Roasted lamb, beluga lentils, heirloom carrots, asparagus
A dish you would immediately recognize as Chips, acknowledging what seems to be a new trend of lamb belly (pig belly is soooo over, I guess!).  Unfortunately, my belly was a bit tough, although everyone else's seemed to be melt-in-their-mouth.  However, the loin was perfectly medium rare, with a silky rich sauce (IMHO, Chip, having been the Saucier at Le Bec Fin, does sauces better than anyone else in the city).
6TH COURSE: Souffle Glace Grand Marnier, blueberry coulis
When I saw Grand Marnier souffle on the menu, I immediately thought of Bibou's, a giant creation that they punch a hole in with a fork and fill with a jigger or two of Grand Marnier (a rather dangerous dessert!).  But this was not that dish, but apparently an old classic from Le Bec Fin, with a frozen soufflé and a delectable berry sauce.  I'm not sure if this was prepared by Chip or Pierre (they both used to work at Le Bec), but since Bibou tweeted a picture of this yesterday, it was probably Pierre's creation.  The best dessert I've had so far this year.
Obviously a fantastic meal.  We had a table for 10 in the back room, which I think is a little quieter than the front.  Service, as always at Blackfish, was stellar, and it was also great to see Hans, our favorite Bibou server, enjoying the dinner along with the rest of us.  Pierre's lovely wife Charlotte also put in an appearance with Eloise, their new baby daughter (see the adorable photo of Pierre and Eloise I posted), who is obviously well on her way to being as wonderful a hostess as her mother.
Who won this "competition"?  I'm going give the Dish ot the Night to Chip's wonderful quenelles.  But other than that, I'll stick with calling it a draw.
To steal a phrase from a famous Philadelphian (W.C. Fields): On the whole, I'm glad I live in Philadelphia (where we have two such great chefs and restaurants to choose from).
Cilantro!My service was very rushed.   Also the stuffed pig foot felt like bar food and not haute cuisine.Bibou has undoubtedly moved into my top 5 favorite restaurants and dining experiences. My husband and I celebrated our anniversary there last night... we have been to many 5 star restaurants and this place has certainly matched such standards. The creative plates, layers of flavor, impeccable presentation, and extremely friendly and down-to earth staff and atmosphere made for a fantastic experience. The talented yet humble chef even came out to greet his intimate 7-table room. I literally fell in love with my food. Outstanding. (Can you tell I loved it there?)I'm not big on French food, but this place was amazing.  I didn't eat one thing I didn't like. 
Apps: 
Gravlax: Cured Trout with jicama and some other ish.  Not the same one listed on their website.   It was very refreshing
Escargot: Snail ragout, Fava beans and Mousseron mushroom, flavored with tarragon.  Really great sauce and the snails were tasty.   
Meal:
My wife got the veal saddle which was tasty and cooked perfectly.
I got the Boeuf: Sautéed hanger steak with green peppercorn sauce, sautéed Fingerling potatoes, green asparagus.  It was very good, I crushed it.  Also cooked to perfection.  I also only like the tops of Asparagus, and wouldn't you know it, that's all that was on the plate.  Did they read my mind?!  I think so.   The bottoms of the asparagus were slices thinly and mixed in with the potatoes, i ate around them.  
Dessert:
My wife got the blueberry pie and I got the sorbet (blood orange and Honey). One scoop of each.  Both sorbets were very tasty.  The honey was light the subtle but def left a honey aftertaste.   I didn't try the blueberry pie b/c i don't like pies with fruit in it, unless it's apple.  I also like Blueberry muffins, go figure. 
The chef came out to great each table since there was a break in the dinner action which was a nice touch.   I will def be going back here.Bibou is very possibly the best BYOB on the planet (though I haven't visited them all, I'm working on it.) Classic French Bistro food in an intimate setting (32 seats total) with fabulous, knowledgeable servers, friendly owners (Pierre is the chef and Charlotte's out front) and expert wine service. Break out your best burgundy (or any wine you love with food) and take it to Bibou -- it'll be heavenly!Very elegant fine French dining. The chefs selections were outstanding. I felt like I was having dinner in ParisI think Bibou got me to eat parts of an animal one should never eat (liver, brain, etc). For that, I applaud them.
I went many months back with my family and the food was fantastic. I ordered some sort of terrine and I have no idea what was in it. But it was delicious. I think that my parents were lying to me when I asked them what it contained because they didn't want me to know.
Other courses were had and reveled about as well.Like a lot of other reviewers, I really wanted to love Bibou. It's in my neighborhood, it's byo, and it has phenomenal reviews. I just couldn't love it, and I wasn't even particularly happy with it. We did the Sunday $45 prix fixe, which started with a creamy mushroom soup with crispy sweet potato ravioli. This was by far the best thing we had all night - smooth, creamy, and with an intense mushroom flavor. For my first course I had the venison terrine with pistachios and "petite salad," which was simply overdressed, oversized greens. The terrine had virtually no flavor other than fat and lacked the slight gaminess you generally get with venison. My dining companion had the foie gras, which was fine but again did not blow me away. For my main dish I had the bone marrow, as I had read rave reviews about it here on Yelp. It was very underseasoned and very oily, even for an unabashedly fatty product. It was served with underseasoned potatoes, which were also greasy, and the same overdressed, oversized "salad" that came with the terrine. 
Desserts fared better, but I still wasn't blown away. I had a dense chocolate "fondant" with a single sliver of saffron pear. It was good, but like the other dishes I tried it was pretty one-dimensional and would have greatly benefited from having more pear, with more saffron flavor. The honey lavender creme brulee was fine, but lacked much lavender flavor. 
The kicker was when we were rushed out by the hostess. My dining companion and I each had about 1/3 of a glass of wine left, had already paid, and were clearly finishing up and leaving soon. She came over to suggest we'd "be most comfortable sitting at the bar" to finish our wine. There were three empty tables and no diners waiting to be seated, so it was not as if we were explicitly inconveniencing anyone (and no, we would not be more comfortable at the bar). Instead, we downed our wine and left. 
Basically I was disappointed in the food and the service. The best thing we had all night was the wine we brought. Bibou, I wish I loved you. I just don't.What a great spot. As a BYOB, two people can have an absolutely first rate meal in a great environment at a reasonable price. The chef smartly takes the time to visit each table.In my opinion, one of the top 2 or 3 restaurants in Philadelphia. Chef Calmels cooks with an obvious passion and it feels as if he is cooking just for you with every meal. It is tasting menu only, but this is not an issue as I am more than happy to eat whatever Chef Calmels wants to serve. Even better, they recently started accepting credit cards so you don't have to carry large sums of cash. Probably my favorite place to go for a really special occasion.The very first time I tried Bibou, it was before this restaurant became the "it" restaurant so getting a reservation was easy. Every time I've gone, I haven't had a bad dish. My favorite is the duck, done medium rare. It was quite filling (had a little hesitation at first since my husband always leaves French restaurants still hungry). We always start with the soup of the day, which most times ends up being lobster bisque. Excellent way to start the meal. I've only had the sorbet for dessert since I'm always stuffed by the time we get there! I also think the pricing is appropriate.
The only downside now is getting a reservation at a decent dinner hour!Just about everything you'd expect from a small restaurant with an amazing reputation.
This was our first visit to Bibou, and I can say we were slightly intimidated by the menu's rich, limited offerings. We arrived, two of us, about 10 minutes early for our 8:00 reservation. Like most restaurants in the Bella Vista / Northern South Philly area, Bibou has planted its roots in the first floor of a row home. Unlike most restaurants in the area, the small dining room was packed, and there were 4 more people waiting outside. We were very apologetically informed that we had a 20-30 minute wait, so we wandered to a bar nearby for a drink. Arriving back at Bibou closer to the 30 minute mark, we were politely told it would be another 15 minutes, a promise that held this time. Our server couldn't have been more gracious, thanking us repeatedly for our patience, and bringing us complimentary "soupe" (that's French for "soup"). Given the small size of the dining room and the extreme friendliness of the service, it's easy to see how dinner times can extend, so patience (and maybe a trip to the Saloon for an Italian beer) is advised. You won't be disappointed.
We started (after the "soupe") with mushroom risotto, a special for the evening. Thick with cream, it literally melts in your mouth. We followed with the "beouf" ("beef"), which was tender and delicious, the consistency of a great filet, and the halibut, perfectly prepared. The portions are perfect, and after our entrees, we were perfectly content. But our server brought us a plate of macaroons on the house ("libre!", although that might mean "book!"), apologizing again. But by then, after three delicious courses, a bottle of wine, and a visit from the chef, the gesture was just icing on an already amazing cake.I went to Bibou for an early Sunday prix fixe just after the holidays, and fellow diners were bringing wrapped presents for the chef and his wife who runs front of the house. !  At least a third of the restaurant that was seated at our visit clearly knew the hostess and the chef and were return visitors and the chef did make the rounds of all the tables while we were there and was quite sweet.
Because we were seated early, there were several entree specials including the whole branzino, lamb chops, and  bone marrow (the chops and the bone marrow were out by the time we finished dinner). The soup came out in these little ovoid dishes with a sharp angle that seats your spoon perfectly (mmm form and function) and was quite lovely and green, the foie gras app (w/ candied kumquats) was terrific, the oxtail terrine was fine but hard to match the deliciousness of foie, the bone marrow was a long pile of bread crumbs indulgently high in saturated fats- the bad kind but OH SO DELICIOUS and came with some perfect roasted small diced potatoes, the branzino was also well executed.
The dining room is relatively small and elbow room is pretty tight- you will hear your loud talking neighbours and have the opportunity to check out their food. If you need a moment of quiet, head for the bathroom, which is beautifully decorated and feels incredibly spacious and serene. Steps at the entranceway and lack of room between tables and aisle space means non wheelchair friendly.
One last thing- the imported French butter for the bread is great.From start to finish, you will be left wanting more.  The dishes really complemented each other and I really enjoyed most of them. 
N.B. This is a cash only establishment.
Start: butter and 3 kinds of fresh baked bread. Butter was soft and smooth, but not homemade.
Appetizer: We had caviar, champagne jelly with oyster. It was very refreshing, probably my favorite part of the meal.
Entrees: Intermezzo was served in between courses so you can get ready for the next meal. We had the 
Foie Gras - I usually don't like Foie Gras since a lot of places either over cook or undercook it, but I really liked the duck fat with the seared Foie Gras. The inside is cooked perfectly to my liking.
Tasmanian sea trout - perfectly seared, 
partridge(I was it was squab instead), careful for the shotgun rounds haha. 
mushroom soup - very earthly flavors, nice tone down.
goat cheese - a bit too strong for me since I usually don't eat sharp cheese 
souffle -It was made very well, light and fluffy. 
I didn't expect the experience to be so superb since the location wasn't the best, really nice surprise. The waiters and host were knowledgeable and attentive, I really like the small dining room, its quite cozy and allows the waiters to be very accessible. The best part about the dessert is the chef himself comes out to check on your experience. The experience is worth every dollar you spend, you have got to try it yourself. If you were to have the same meal in New York, you most likely will pay twice the price. This chef will get Michelin stars when they come to Philly.Took a while to get a reservation for a saturday night...booked almost a month in advance.
Fantastic! Fantastic! Fantastic!! The sweetbreads were my favorite. DIVINE.Bibou may be my favorite restaurant in Philly- the food is that good. Took Em and one of her friends and there were so many great choices on the menu, we just agreed to split all our dishes.  For our appetizers, we shared the escargot, the foie gras and the pate. All were excellent but the seared foie gras on the pumpkin bread was unbelievable. We then shared the roast lamb, the bone marrow and the famous Pied de Porc. All were fabulous and could not pick a favorite. We then could not resist a small cheese course, which was a terrific way to polish off our second bottle of wine (an excellent Hirsch Pinot) followed by one dessert. No way we could split 3, so we went with the frozen soufflé, which made for a lighter finish to an incredible meal. 
The service was also excellent. Our waiter was very knowledgable, had excellent suggestions and was very attentive.One of the best restaurants in Philly. The former Le Bec Fin chef creates traditional French cuisines with flavorful ingredients and yet puts a bit of innovative feel into his dishes. The food was wonderful, the fois gras is a must-try. The lamb was very good as well... Anything will not disappoint you.amazing food with an ever changing menu. truly home style cooking at a reasonable price, zero pretense, and great "hole in the wall" ambiance. 
definitely try the pig's foot, the steak, and the rabbit when it's available
marrow when it's on the menu is a bit greasyBYOB
PRIX FIXE Menu - changes frequently.
Reservations are very hard to get to make in advance.
Parking is available for 2 hrs free in the adjacent public parking lot.
Food was great, and I would definitely return.
If I am comparing French food, I would put this in second place behind Bistrot La Minette for Philly French restaurants but a close 2nd.
I will definitely be back.
Enjoy!Fantastic every time! I have eaten now at Bibou 3 times over the last 2 months and each time I think it gets better. First of all the menu changes weekly and that is one of the reasons to frequent this place often. I love the small and intimate dining room, it feels like you are eating in someones home. The service is top notch and the food is amazing. On my most recent visit I had the Crevette salad,Foie Gras and Pork Chop. The salad was a fresh combination of shrimp, avacado,tomato and celery root. The flavors were an excellent compliment to each other and the simplicity of the dish was awesome. I have had the Foie Gras every time I have eaten here and it is great. A generous seared portion and usually a custard or mousse served with it. The pork chop was cooked to perfection. Fresh french bread and french butter, mouth watering cheese plate. The last three words of this review are simple:Floating Island Dessert!a nice treat for my wife and i.  great food, good pace.  sundays night is a steal at $45 for a prix fixe.  def returnI haven't been to Bibou in awhile so I can't comment on the new menu format, but from my past experience the food and service is some of the best in Philly!One of the most memorable meals I've had in a very long time.  Since there are only 20 seats in the restaurant, it's cozy, intimate, and a dinner that's focused on the culinary experience and provides the ambiance to connect with your close friends and family.  Also a romantic date for a special occasion.  
It's BYOB, $100 per head for a prix fixe 8-course menu, and they recently started accepting credit cards (just last week!).
The restaurant is tucked into a neighborhood street close to the Italian/Mexican/Asian market.  If you're driving in, there is a parking lot next door, which was full when we arrived for our 8:30 Friday night dinner, but we got lucky and found street parking after circling the neighborhood only once.  To arrive on time for your reservation, I'd recommend at least 10 min early to find parking.
You're welcomed into the restaurant my warm and attentive staff then comes the best part.  I'm not going to detail every dish we had, but every single one of them was amazing.  The options ranged from soups, cheese, pate, duck, fish, crayfish to souffles.  You get a really wide variety of tasting options and my understanding is that the menu changes based on seasonal availability.  My favorite was the main duck entree and the kumquat souffle for dessert - easily the best souffle I have ever had in my life.  Every dish was unique, balanced, and I couldn't wait to see what came next.  
Chef Pierre also stopped by every table as they finished up and it was great to chat with him for a bit.  Overall it was a great dinner and I know it will be a long time before I have another meal that tops this experience.Now that le bec is no longer what it used to be, Bibou is probably the best french food in the city.  It's definitely less traditional and more authentic french than you usually get in the states (pigs foot, bone marrow, escargot ect)  Being a husband and wife byo the menu is fairly small and most things on the menu are not for people who do not like to get a little adventurous.  
Pretty much everything on the menu is fantastic (I wouldn't get the pigs foot unless you're sure that you like pigs foot)  That said the chef tones down some of the wilder things on the menu so don't be afraid to try something new and exciting ... The foie gras is seared so the flavor isn't so "in your face" the escargot sauce compliments them so nicely if not told you wouldn't even know you were eating snail and the bone marrow is made into a kind of stuffing so the flavor is fairly mellow as well, and the steak tartare .... well ... raw beef is raw beef, you like it or you don't.  
The service is good as you would expect but remember it's a byo so it's not going to be terribly formal or overly quick.  That said all the waiters know their stuff and you won't be waiting long for anything (charlotte keeps everyone in check!)
If you're wondering whether to go or not, just go, you won't be sorry ... but remember this place has 4 bells and limited seating so you're going to need at least 3 weeks to get the time and table you wantI had been hearing about Bibou for years and made a special trip to Philly looking forward to a wonderful dinner; party of 3 .  Escargot with fava beans sounded nice but unimpressive, though the sauce was nice.   One friend had foie gras as she is a great fan,  but she too was disappointed...unimaginative.  The best appetizer was definitely the sweetbreads.  The turbot, boned, arrived in broken pieces about 5 minutes after the other 2 people at the table had been served; and it was a tiny portion with a broiled tomato and one sprig of brocolli rabe....$36...really? is this the main course?  Floating island was great and so was the coffee.  Nice to end this dinner on a good note. 
I won't be going back.Reading the reviews, I had really high expectations. It was fine. I'm sorry to say, I wasn't blown away. 
We'll give it another shot. 
And by the way, it was hard to get a reservation - the place wasn't even full!They remodeled and it's horrible! The restaurant has become solo stuffy! The food is subpar. Service is stuffy. My wife and I have been going since it opened and we have loved it up until tonight. 260$ Byob?!? 3 hour meal?!? All the things I loved I now hate. What a waste of money and time. Never again.It pains me to give such an average rating to this near perfectly rated restaurant, but alas, my experience here was just average. 
I had a reservation here for 9:30, and we were seated promptly by an extremely warm hostess. So far so good. On the way to our table (the middle row closest to the kitchen) we accidentally bumped and bustled a few of the other patrons (sorry) - it's so tiny in there! The small size kind of lends itself to its charm, a small, cozy, homey place, complete with drawings done by children framed on the wall.
They use napkin rings (super classy), but I noticed the wine glasses aren't actual glass - so I do agree with the other Yelper that described this place as schizophrenic - fancy and homey, French but not, quaint but dare I say - pretentious? It also seems like a place for older or more mature patrons. I think my boyfriend and I were clearly the youngest customers they had at that time (perhaps all day). 
We brought a fairly affordable bottle of sparkling rose wine - which doesn't seem to be what their normal type of clientele brings. The server kind of made it clear that we were not their normal clientele by asking us whose birthday it was, insinuating that it was a special occasion or something that we should dine there (it was neither - we just wanted a nice dinner for our date).
The bread and butter was great and probably (unfortunately) one of the better parts of the meal. We had the escargot, moules, pied de porc, and then the frozen soufflé:
Escargot - a little under seasoned. I really wanted to ask for some salt.. Also my last piece had some sharp shell attached to it. Otherwise, pretty tasty and flavorful.
Moules - the mussels themselves were giant, well cooked, juicy, and delicious. But the jus they were in was overwhelmed by the lardons - just every bite was like essence of bacon (and I'm not a huge fan of bacon..). 
Pied de porc - I don't know how I feel about this dish. On one hand it's like an elevated pork and beans slash pig's trotter stuffed with foie gras. On the other hand, it is rich rich rich rich heavy and one dimensional. It overwhelmed my palate and I wish the dish had a little acidity or greens or crunch (other than the pork skin) to it. Delicious yes, but way too much.
Frozen soufflé - not a soufflé. Yummy, but the name is a little misleading. I was disappointed because my boyfriend and I just had soufflés together at our last big date, and had I known this was not an actual soufflé or pastry/cake, I would not have ordered it. In reality, it seemed like a puck of ice cream frozen a little too long, mixed with hazelnuts, covered in cocoa powder, and atop a strange minty berry sauce. It really is a disappointment especially from a "French" restaurant - are the French not known for their pastries? The end of the meal also came with some petite fours - some type of merengue puff and macaroon - both just ok.
In terms of service, I felt a bit offended by the birthday question (he said happy birthday as we left too, lol). He was also a little slow with refilling our wine. Other than that, our server was pleasant and even offered us a really nice wine bag to take our left over wine home in. Unfortunately, he did not close the bottle properly, so our wine spilled out a bit on our way home. The chef also came out to greet us at the end of our meal, which was a nice personal touch.
Between courses, we had to wait quite a bit - maybe a half hour between appetizer and entree. I think a mark of a good kitchen is great timing, and this place lacked that. Very slow paced kitchen.
Overall, this place is a cute BYOB with great French-ish food. Would I recommend this to fellow friends? Yes, but with dire instructions:
- bring a nice bottle of wine (our server seemed to judge us based on the type of wine we brought)
- ask to have the wine kept and chilled at your table so you can pour it yourself
- be prepared for a 3 hour 3 course meal and long waits without food.
- order an appetizer! Seems like the more stand out dishes on the menu
- bring cash! No ATM in store or nearby for blocks
- eat the bread and butter! It really is good.
- order a light, refreshing dish. You will want and need it. 
Perhaps I'll return in the future, now that I know what to expect and what I should avoid. For now, this place was just ok.Overall a very good experience. The menu is prix fix though so no choices for food which was a little disappointing as I'm not particularly adventurous. Definitely a special occasion restaurant.Excellent food  ! I tried the pig's feet and it was great. Want to try bone marrow next time . This tiny BYO restaurant offers a very cozy romantic atmosphere . It is not kids friendly in my opinion.Tiny corner property BYOB  that needs to be booked well in advance. The 7 course pre-fix menu changes weekly so it's totally up to the chef. He also comes out to introduce himself towards the end of the meal. It's very authentic French meal w/ excellent service!Once again, Bibou blew us away at our recent meal. Of course, the food was exemplary, but I really really appreciated the service- they jumped through hoops so that we could do the tasting menu in honor of our anniversary (also our first night out after our daughter was born in June!)
Standouts were the green olive soup, the foie gras (of course) and the bone marrow! absolutely fantastic!I have one word to describe the meal we enjoyed here- amazing!!! If anyone ponders why French cuisine is so coveted- one trip to Bibou will convince you... We were fortunate enough to taste the $45 prix fix Sunday menu, which was well worth the price. You're given multiple options for appetizer, entree, and desert and everything we had was delicious. The menu changes frequently with some standbys but we enjoyed:
A chilled corn soup: so creamy and delicious- I was basically licking the bowl clean
Escargots: These chewy little snails were fantastic. They forego the traditional "drowning in butter and garlic sauce" for a sauce flavored with tarragon and fava beans (snails have never tasted so good!)
Terrine: I'm not a big fan of terrine so that's all I'll say about that..
Boeuf: Tender and perfectly cooked- to die for!!
Poulet: yeah chicken is boring but I've never made chicken this moist and delicious- its anything but boring here
And the best part: They had cherry clafoutis for dessert- one of my fave French desserts.. 
Totally enjoyable meal- can't wait to go back!!A delightful dinner experience in all respects.  This was the fourth time we have dined at Bibou. The experience has been, without exception, superb.  The menu changes weekly, but there are some constants.including a fantastic foie gras.  The restaurant is small - only about 30 seats. The service is exceptional..  The restaurant is BYOB - be advised to bring a white and a red wine selection for wine pairings.. It s also cash only with a $100 prix fixe menu.  There are two "seating s - 5:30 and 9:00 p.m.If you never experience fine French dining because of its price, Bibou is for you. Excellent food, clean, neat decor, cozy and friendly. Service is impeccable. The spotless bathroom tells you how much this place is CLEAN. Must make reservation, because you won't get a table, even if you are connected to the owners. The "escargots" are to fall off your chair, the sorbet at the end is delightful. My husband had a "Pied de Porc with Lentilles"... amazing. The menu changing with the seasons, and they use fresh products only. The "Free Three Hours Parking", make it a no brainer to go there. Bring your own bottle or 2, and enjoy. French press cafe at the end. If I had to have a last meal before life leave me, I'll go at Bibou.  Enjoy!Bibou was another restaurant on our top 10 of philadelphia list so we gave them a try about 2 months ago on that random cold and snowy friday we had. They are a BYOB so we brought 2 bottles of wine to enjoy with our meal. I had the consume with a pouched quail egg for my appetizer which was out of this world. My boyfriend enjoyed his first ever Foie Gras which he loved. The rest of our meal was just as delicious. 
The only downfall to Bibou is they are yet again another one of those places whose food is spectacular and their space is so very limited. It is very tight in there and as I mentioned above we went on a very cold nasty evening and were sat at the table next to the door which is only shielded by a thin sheet curtain, needless to say we drank our first few glasses of wine with haste as to not freeze while we were eating.Over rated. Escargot was tasteless. As was their bone arrow special. ( tasted like wet bread crumbs) . Hostess ( gal) very pleasant however, the waiter was not very friendly, a little difficult to understand, was unwilling to further explain and describe menu items . Waiter was also , reluctant to ask chef to whip up something for a 7 year old.  Trust me there are tastier places! Shank was tasteless . Duck was ok, filet was fine. We won't be back.My husband and I went to Bibou last night to celebrate our anniversary. I had booked the chef's tasting menu through City Eats weeks in advance for Sunday at 6pm, and when we arrived a few minutes early the small restaurant was PACKED, and only our two seats at the bar were empty.
We were greeted immediately by the lovely, friendly hostess and seated. We had forgotten a bottle of wine we planned on having with our courses, but in the end the seven course feast of delicious, rich French cuisine was more than enough to send us into a drunken-like state. All of the servers were nice, and each dish was described to us by a different server succinctly and beautifully. 
We started with their homemade baguette and imported butter, both of which were surprisingly exceptional (I'm not a bread and butter person, but this was REALLY good). a roasted, smoky eggplant soup with a dollop of olive tapenade to add some necessary saltiness. The soup of velvety, and a fairly large portion to begin with compared to what the regular Sunday prix fixe soup serving was that I saw being served throughout the rest of the dining room. We then were served two different dishes: I had the tuna tartare, which was light, fresh and served with a raspberry coulis that was the perfect sweet-tart flavor to brighten up an otherwise standard appetizer. My husband was served the wild boar pate with an apricot-whole grain mustard sauce, which he loved and barely gave me a bite of! 
Our next course was a small serving of the sea scallops, perfectly seared and fork tender, served atop a roasted beet puree (the chef told us he made it with coconut milk!) with toasted hazelnuts in brown butter, slices of green papaya and pea shoots. I wanted to lick that plate clean, the sweet and savory flavors just danced with each small bite. Then the true gluttony commenced: the foie gras plate! We each were served our own piece of foie gras atop their signature pumpkin bread with two balls of saffron spiced pear, and shared the foie gras creme brulee topped with pineapple rhubarb compote. The foie gras was perfectly seared and creamy, and paired incredibly well with the pumpkin bread underneath. The sweetness of the pineapple rhubarb was the perfect combination of sweet and salty. But so rich! We weren't sure if we would be able to eat any more food...but of course we did, it was all so delicious! While waiting for the next course, I was telling my husband about their notable menu items, particularly the bone marrow and how it's so popular they tend to run out later in the evening, and lo and behold what is our next course? Bone marrow! Tossed with bread crumbs, chanterelle mushrooms, herbs, and stuffed back in the bone before being roasted, it was still bubbling when it was placed on the counter. Super tasty, with pieces of roasted fingerling potatoes, and lightly dressed greens to cleanse the palate after such rich food. Our entree was a new addition to their menu - the filet mignon. A classic french dish served with the perfect stack of potato gratin (thin layers, crunchy and creamy at the same time), sauteed baby kale, and a red wine reduction - but this was better than any filet mignon either of us had ever had. EVER. EVER!!! The cut was so tender and perfectly cooked, I barely needed the steak knife to cut into it, my fork could pull it apart on it's own.
Dessert was the icing on the cake: pistachio creme brulee (perfect, of course) with a little shortbread cookie, their famous "Floating Island" meringue with goat cheese creme anglaise and almond croquant bits on top, and a little plate of coconut macaroons and meringues to go with our peppermint tea. Perfect? Oh indeed. And yes, Chef Ron Fougeray came out from the kitchen to speak with each and every table to ensure that they had enjoyed their experience that evening, and he was pleased to hear that his new filet mignon dish was in fact the best my husband had ever had in his life. He is a lovely, soft spoken, introverted chef, and it was so nice to speak with him for even a few minutes out of his busy schedule. Cash only - but at only $70pp for the tasting menu, it's a real deal since you get to try so many of their signature menu items. We will definitely be back - I didn't get to have the escargot yet!Bibou is lovely and intimate - tiny with probably fewer than 30 seats.  When we went, before it was reviewed, we had no trouble getting a reservation.  No such luck now as it's a darling among our beloved BYOBs.  When we arrived for dinner, our table wasn't yet ready.  Mme. Calmels was the perfect hostess, making us feel right at home and offering us each a glass of wine from their own wine cooler while we waited for our table.  One glass probably cost more than our bottle!  Bibou has turned into somewhat of a wine snob's haven, which is inconceivable as it is a BYOB.  Still, there's no snobbery or pretense there - it feels warm and authentic.  We dined on escargot and foie gras, two of our favorite indulgences, and Bibou's foie gras is now the one against which all other foie gras dishes are measured.  Perfectly crisp on the outside and velvety and rich on the inside.  We also had a duck dish and the bone marrow, which were both cooked to perfection and some of the most flavorful and sophisticated things I've ever eaten.  This is a must try - everything is top notch - just sit back and enjoy your evening.We scored a Sunday night reservation to celebrate multiple occasions, and had a truly wonderful BYOB meal. The size of the place is surprisingly small, to go with the very missable exterior. But once the meal started we were hooked. The fresh asparagus/peas chilled soup was light and flavorful. The fois gras was prepared whole, as I'd never eaten it, and was fantastic. The mahi-mahi was among the best fish dishes I've eaten anywhere, ever. My wife has the quenelles, and was equally awed. 
The place is fantastic. Go.Amazing French cuisine. Wonderful food, with very friendly staff.  One of the best meals we've ever had. A lovely experience overall.A restaurant that truly lives up to the hype.  When you read how everything was amazing, as hard as it is to believe.....it's true.  From the quality of each plate, to the presentation, to the staff who are both down to earth yet rapid and dignified with the service, everything is top notch.  This is an ideal location for wine lovers, especially those with a wine cellar, to bring some of our best wines.   Our meal was a party of 9, in which everyone left raving.   Perhaps they can find a way to finagle some outside seating to be able to allow more people to enjoy the magic the kitchen and staff create?    I perceive that there is so much demand for Bibou's creations that ownership could open a second location (Bibou two?) with outside seating so that everyone can enjoy their creations without having to wait weeks for reservations.
By, Eclectic PalateBibou is by far my favorite restaurant in the city. I have been here at least 7 times in the past year and a half and it's consistently an amazing meal! It's BYOB, which is awesome, and cash only. The meals always average out to be $80/person, including tip. The portions aren't too small or too big, they are about right for a French restaurant. I always leave here so stuffed! The service is just as excellent as the meal! The chef comes out to each table and asks how your meal was and opens the floor for suggestions (not that you could confidently offer any). I will say the restaurant is pretty small, so when it's crowded it can get a little warm. Also, it is a bit of a pain to get a reservation at a decent time or to get one at all, but this because this place is so good and always busy! So, you have to plan ahead, about 2/3 weeks, to get dinner at a normal time on a weekend sometimes even a weekday too. 
Bottom line-Go there, order everything, and enjoy your meal!!! Even the bread and butter are absolutely amazing!!!!!Bibou is one of a handful of places that deserves the 5 stars rating. Had been looking forward to try this out for months now. Finally went last night on my B-day. The place is charming like a little country inn you would find in Provence. Wish they would let me bring my Frenchy in and that would complete the picture. Waiter was friendly and attentative but not intrusive. 
The food was great! We had the escargot, bone marrow, pig's feet and finished with a mango sorbet. 
The snail with favfav bean was interesting. The pig's feet and the lentil it came with the dish is delicious. The only disappointing dish is the bone marrow. Don't get me wrong it is great, but I just prefer it less adulterated like in an ossoboco. The mango sorbet is light and not too sweet, perfect for after a heavy meal. 
The wine was excellent, compliment to the SO. 
I can't wait to go back and try other dishes. The duck, the lamb, the cream soup, the ..... Well you get the picture.Our table wasnt ready when we showed up so we sat out front on the cozy bench and the us staff uncorked out wine and brought us snacks while we waited. It was kinda baller. Super royal treatment...... I cant imagine what people walking by thought. Most likely that we were awesome. 
They brought us tons a 'sorry you were kept waiting' treats through out the meal.
EVERYTHING was amazing. the food was delicious and perfectly portioned. The staff was a complete dream!This was the third time we got to enjoy Bibou. I discovered it by chance as a reservation became available when in fact you need to plan at least four weeks in advance if you even want to get a chance to eat there. It is a small restaurant with lots of great parking next door. Cash only! Bibou serves traditional French Cuisine, escargots, duo de foie gras, duck, stripped bass which you can compliment to your liking with wine from your own cellar as this is one of the great BYOB restaurants of Philadelphia. The amazing food of Chef Pierre is served to perfection by the well trained and friendly staff led by Charlotte his wife. If you want a great food experience and a fun evening, Bibou will deliver without fail. Bon Appetit!Everything was wonderful! I would highly recommend it to anybody who is in the area. The menu changes each month and it's absolutely delicious. One thing I would recommend is bringing two bottles of wine, a red and a white. We only brought a red and we should have brought a white too. Otherwise, everything was superb!So far I've only been to Bibou once, but somehow it comes up every time I recommend someone a good place to eat in the city. 
Its small and quaint with no more than 25 covers total seated at once, so its a very personal experience. When B. and I went we had been seated at a 4 top and were asked to move over after a smaller table opened up to accommodate their reservations. Of course we moved, it wasnt a problem, but the host (who is the wife of the chef and co-owner) was so appreciative she gave us free dessert and the people who sat at our original table shared their wine with us. The chef also came out and went around to the tables in the restaurant which was a nice personal touch. 
The hanger steak and scallop appetizer was amazing. They were also doing a cucumber soup that was nice. Unfortunately they were out of the veal tongue B. wanted to try, but they get everything fresh that morning so its understandable. And, even though its so small, the macaroons they leave with the check are like my dad used to make. soft and fluffy on the inside, almost caramelized on the outside.Bibou is a small wonder with exceptional food, service and a charming atmosphere--we will definitely be back!  The prices are also very reasonable for the quality of food and experience.  
My boyfriend and I tried the oxtail and escargots appetizers which were both deliciously noteworthy.
Our duck entree was lovely --and dessert, Charlotte's grandmother's chocolate cake with caramel was a remarkable finish!
The atmosphere was very pleasant and the place seemed to be full of regulars--many of them French natives which goes to show that this place is no joke!Bibou does not disappoint - this is an unpretencious French bistro that backs up its reputation by its food alone. Remember to bring some nice wine and you're good to go! The escargot, duck hearts, lamb and creme brulee were all delicious - a surprising highlight is the bread and butter to start. I love that the menu changes often and the chef comes out to socialize a bit.Probably one of the best if not THE best meal I've had in Philadelphia.
Better plan your reservation in advance because seats fill up weeks in advance and for good reason!
Small place with simple, comfortable decor. Friendly, attentive service. We were seated promptly, every dish was explained, silverware always replaced, waiter always checked in and asked how our food was. The chef came out to shake our hands and chat a bit (which he did with every table). What a treat!!! So friendly!
If you're willing to spend, definitely go for the chef's tasting menu! $70 well spent!!! You get half the menu and too much food!!!
Soupe- wow! How interesting! Light and complex. The sweetness from the tomato jam added such a nice layer of flavor.
Pheasant pate was very good. Nice pistachio notes that went well with the date mustard.
Duo de Foie Gras Seared was absolutely amazing. Melt in your mouth! Also great fall flavors. My favorite!
Sandre Sautéed walleye pike was perfectly cooked. Nice crisp skin. I loved the grape with it! The sage milk emulsion really brought it all together.
Bone marrow was delicious! Rich. Garlicky. Flavorful. Bread crumbs soaked in delicious oil!
Rabbit leg was very good. The white bean and rabbit sauce was great! Tender rabbit leg.
The flan was very smooth. Went well with the fresh fruit.
The floating island-- some sort of goat cheese with praline crunch heaven!!! I could have had 2 if I wasn't full 3 plates ago.
French press coffee was perfect ending and needed with all the rich food.
Oh, table bread was also nice and fresh!
Can't beat a byo!
Cannot wait for my next visit:)
Update***
Crab and tomatoes bisque. I could drown in it.
Fois gras- still the champ!
Escargot was plump, earthy and delicious. 
Mahi tuna tartar was so fresh!
Striped bass was flakey. Great wine sauce with mushrooms and broccoli! Yum!
Duck confit was insanely tender and delicous. Love the picked cabbage and sauce.
Covina fillet- the sauce was amazing.
Floating island still my fav dessert.
Hazelnut soufflé was silky and a cold soufflé!
Pineapple tart, good but want wild about the tart part.
Always great service.Finally, after a year of driving down 8th street to get from my boyfriend's apartment on Jeweler's Row to my house in Point Breeze, I made it to Bibou, and how well worth the wait it was.
We had a 9:30 reservation which ended up being perfect because at the end of the night the chef came around and spoke with the few remaining tables (an experience I hadn't had since I was a child at a fabulous West Chester restaurant called Gilmore's). On top of this special touch, the service was absolutely impeccable. The best servers are attentive without being overbearing, knowledgeable but not pretentious.  Even the support staff was on point with every course to make sure our table was properly meesed or set.
As for the food, we began with the foie gras done two ways, seared with grilled mango and a mousse with a fruit compote on top.  Honestly, we forgot how the dish was prepared when it first arrived, so we started dipping the seared foie into the foie mousse. Talk about decadent.  To follow, we ordered their famous bone marrow stuffing.  While many have tried to rethink the classic preparation of bone marrow and failed (Time) this bone marrow "stuffing" was spot on.  The rich, buttery marrow paired seamlessly with the acid of the vinaigrette tossed micro green salad and the crisp frite-like potatoes on either end of the bone.  For our entrees, I ordered the lamb which was cooked to perfection over creamy pistachio polenta and natural jus. My boyfriend ordered the special pheasant which came with a airy, truffled sausage made from the leg meat of the bird, which for me, was the highlight of the dish.  To finish, I had a reimagined "floating mountain" with a goat milk creme anglaise and toasted praline while the hubby indulged in a apple tartine with obviously homemade ice cream.
Overall, it was a fantastic experience and I would recommend all Philly foodie's or simply those who appreciate classic French cooking, attention to detail and excellent service to put Bibou at the top of their "must try" lists.Oh good God. It's a good thing this place is so hard to get into...I'm sure it could be dangerously habit-forming for those nearby.
I was working in Philadelphia for a month and had heard about this place from a few coworkers. I was warned that Bibou doesn't actually use OpenTable routinely for reservations, but mostly for last-minute cancellations. Armed with this helpful bit of information, I went straight for email to beg for a reservation and was rewarded with a 5 pm Saturday dinner slot two and a half weeks later...not bad! And actually my inner grandma was pleased...I secretly dig early bird dinners, so this worked out well.
Oh, and FYI: BYOB with no corkage fee and cash only!
We ordered a special blood sausage appetizer, foie gras terrine, sea bass for me, and hangar steak for my husband. Everything was perfection, down to the complex flavors, spices, and textures. My fish was thick and fleshy as sea bass should be, but tender and flaky as well. SO good. The blood sausage was a delicious surprise...a thin, flat, moist patty with flakes of something similar to phyllo dough spread across the surface and mixed greens sprinkled on top. Amazing.
For dessert, we ordered a cheese plate and afterward were given complimentary coconut macaroons. Salty + sweet goodness! 
Service was excellent and the restaurant was adorable. Also, during the meal the chef stopped by to check in on us personally, which I thought was great. I had heard that the chef's previous and well-known restaurant, Le Bec Fin, was possibly a bit old-fashioned and not quite keeping up with the newer, more modern restaurants in the area. Not sure if that's the whole story, but I will say that Bibou is doing a GREAT job. Hoping to be back at some point.Bibou exceeded our expectations from the moment we walked into the room. The small atmosphere and intimate nature of this restaurant sets it apart from many. It was truly one of the best meals I have ever had in my life from start to finish. Remember it is BYOB, but the food was sensational. It was unique and flavorful beyond many foods we have tried before. If you are in philly, go here. You will not regret this in the slightest. The seven course meal was 100 per person and worth every penny. The service was second to none. Well done.I've been trying to get a reservation at Bibou for over 6 months now. A spot finally opened up on Thursday night allowing us to the sample the French fare that has been causing such a stir.
The dining room is intimate, as is the norm with the standard "front room" style BYOBs that seem to define the Philadelphia eating experience. Decor is nice, you don't feel too shoved on top of your fellow guests and there isn't an issue with noise.
The wait staff are quick and efficient, be it pouring wine when your glass is running low or explaining the menu and the specials. The chef is friendly, makes sure to come out and talk to each table at least once during the evening and often rushes out of the kitchen when you are leaving to wish you a bon soiree and encourage you to visit again in the future (if you're ever lucky enough to get another reservation).
But lets get down to what's most important, the food. Exceptional, and in a Philadelphia eating scene that now has a number of excellent French restaurants, putting Bibou at the top of the pile tells a story in itself. I started with the Foie Gras. Served two different ways 1: seared with peaches 2: as a creme brulee. Both were beautifully prepared, the sear on the Foie Gras was just right and all the flavors melded. I can't imagine coming to Bibou and not ordering this. For my entree I went with the Bone Marrow special. Presented on the half bone with the marrow melting into the stuffing and with a simple potato and green salad side, this was absolute heaven. I can't report on dessert as I was so stuffed from the richness of the Foie Gras and the Marrow.
Philadelphia may just have the best French dining scene outside of France right now.Best meal I've ever had. A great spot to celebrate a special occasion. The soufflé dessert was the best dessert I've ever had in my life and I still think about it 3 years later. Make sure to make reservations plenty of time in advance as they fill up very quickly.wow.  a tremendous Parisian outlet in philadelphia (in the growing gastronomic east passyunk area).  Never had pigs feet before(delicious-will definitely have it again).  great and personal service.  the chef came out and explained his dishes which added a wonderful feel to the meal.  BYOB(bring french wines).  All around fantastic experience.  we will be going back, and going back and going back and......My fiancé and I did the seven course chef's tasting. The fourth course was my favorite. The foie gras was served over pumpkin bread. The best foie gras I've ever had. The butter like texture and taste were delicious. To make this dish even better, it came with foie gras mousse and the owner poured us some red wine to compliment the dish. The service was phenomenal, the chef came at the end of the meal to chat and they were not rushing us to finish. Before leaving, we made reservations for next month!Bibou has always been one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. We came the other night to try out the new tasting menu - Bibou is back with an arguably improved menu format.
The tasting menu, at $100, is pricey, but the quality of the ingredients and execution is unparalleled. The cucumber soup and arctic char gravlax made for refreshing first courses on a hot summer day. The lobster tail atop braised oxtail was delicious and quintessentially French. Our favorite course of the night was the decadent seared foie gras paired with pumpkin bread and an intensely savory custard - so good, we could not stop talking about it for the rest of the night. The Long Island duck breast with an orange sauce was excellent - perfectly medium-rare with a hint of spice that added that extra punch to the dish.
Finally, the dessert was a hot soufflé. Words cannot describe how wonderful it was to experience a well-executed hot soufflé. As the symbolic pinnacle of French cooking, it was the perfect ending to a meal that, to me, represented Chef Calmel's lovingly composed ode to classic French cooking. 
The service, as always, was charming, knowledgeable, and attentive. Some members of the waitstaff have been there for years - and make an effort to remember repeat diners - adding to the convivial atmosphere of the restaurant.
While we will miss our favorite Bibou dishes from before, the tasting menu was so well thought-out and perfectly executed, it was perhaps our best Bibou experience yet. As the menu changes every week, we definitely plan on returning when we crave something special.
(Just a heads up: the municipal parking lot next to Bibou has a 2 hour time limit. The meal can last up to 3 hours, so either find street parking or be prepared to pay the ~$20 fine.)This is truly a Philadelphia gem! The space is very small so prepare to pack against the wall, but the food is worth the effort. Definitely try whatever terrine they have on special. My favorite is the guinea hen. The lamb shank meat falls right off the bone, no knife needed. Servers are very experienced and attentive. Usually Pierre will come around and greet his guests.We were there the night Bibou opened. Delightful.
A friend had warned the owner that the place was too small, but she went ahead and bought that location.
Recently, it took us three weeks to book a reservation. 
The place was packed. The noise level very high.
  Two of us ordered Casoulette.
One piece of gray sausage and one chicken leg in a bed of lentils. Unappetizing, tasteless. Two ordered scallops.  Four scallops on a plate. That's it.
I have eaten Cassoulete in France. This was nothing remotely like it.
After that experience, none of us ordered dessert. We most certainly felt ripped off and not at a first class restaurant.
The owner was raving about the fact that they were nominated at the James Beard Society.  I say, dream on.
The smoked salmon appetizer is delish, but then they don't make the salmon.
Bibou, you are way out of your league.
I think you wil go the way of Pif but not as good.Bibou was rated as one of the best French restaurants in the country by USA Today...and it really lives up to its hype.
I recently went on a Sunday for their 45 dollar pre-fixe menu and it was amazing.  The interior is really small, but it's cozy and romantic and the waitstaff was really friendly.  For an appetizer I got a chilled creamy cauliflower soup that was so delicious.  Next I had the foie gras ravioli....it was in an amazing, to-die-for sauce that I basically sopped up every last drop in bread.  For the entree I got quail stuffed with a red rice...the quail was amazing, althoug te server did tell me that it's even better when stuffed with foie gras...and as a foie gras fan, what isn't better w/ foie gras!
For dessert  got the lavendar creme brulee...which was really good but not mind blowing.  I think I'm just not a huge fan of lavendar.  All in all, the place is fantastic and I can't wait to go back again.I love this place! The food was exceptional: There were at least 10 courses, plus various breads and butter offered throughout. I was offered truffle shavings on one course for $15, which I did but wouldn't do again for that price. My server was knowledgeable and personable (and funny), and near the end of the meal, the chef came out to see how I enjoyed the dinner. It is expensive - my bill was nearly $200 with taxes and tip - but definitely worth it. I plan on making this my monthly food splurge.This was one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The party I was with sampled many items on the menu. The escargot was  glorious.Outstanding! The best BYOB dining experience you can have in the city located in the italian market area. Be prepared and in the mood for an adventurous and savory meal!
Bibou is petite and has a very homey feel to it. There is room for about 30 customers at a time. Charlotte is the hostess and manager of the restaurant, as well as the wife of the Chef Pierre. A very gracious host and makes you feel instantly  welcome.
The menu changes quite often since it's ingredients primarily come fresh from the neighboring market. This is also allows the chef to pick out a number of specials each night that are absolutely spectacular.
Must Haves:
- The Bone Marrow. It comes in a hollowed out bone and can be best described as  the best thanksgiving stuffing you will ever it. I order a couple to share for the dinner party after appetizers and before entree.
-Seasonal soup. I have never had a bad soup! The last was a cream of wild mushroom with chunks of crab meat. 
-Foie gras: Again seasonal but always inventive and delicious. Make sure to bring your own bottle of sauterne dessert wine which pairs beautifully with this appetizer!
And last but not least...and don't say ew..
The foie gras stuffed, braised pigs feet over french lentils. Absolutely to die for! So much flavor makes this savory dish very unique to Bibou. I haven't come close to having anything like this in the rest of Philly, let alone in the US.We love Bibou! My husband and I had delicious memories of our visits from when they first opened and our return gave us more. The food is absolutely wonderful, the service pitch perfect with nice warm touches of Charlotte (co owner & wife of Chef Pierre) welcoming us and stopping by to check in as well as Pierre making the rounds late in the meal to thank us for coming and asking how we enjoyed the meal. A truly lovely dining experience. They make all guests feel like treasured regulars.BIBOU AT BLACKFISH COLLABORATION DINNER, 8 APRIL 2013
(Part 1 of a 2-part review; for Part 2, click link at bottom)
Although I recently wrote a review of Bibou (below), I think last week's unique collaborative dinner between two of Philly's very best chefs is also worth writing up.  LOL, not the least because the genesis of this dinner was apparently a tongue-in-cheek tweet I sent them back in January:
"@biboubyob VS. @BlackfishBYOB: Counting tomorrow, I've dined 7 times at Bibou & 7 times at Blackfish in the past year #shakehandscallitadraw"
Internet stalker or not, I still had to pay for my dinner like everyone else!  But as you can read below, it was well worth the price of admission ($100/pp plus tip).
We enjoyed (also see photos)...
AMUSE-BOUCHE -- Carrot espuma & pea puree
I assume this was Chef Roman's creation, since amuses are more typical at Blackfish than Bibou.  Some are delectable bites that make you wish for a whole plate, and others are more artistic nibbles that momentarily pique your senses, but are quickly forgotten.  This was more in the latter camp; fresh flavors and pretty to look at, it served it's purpose and we moved on to a fantastic champagne.
~1996 Philipponnat Champagne Brut Clos des Goisses  (one of the best wines of the evening)
1ST COURSE: Tuna tartare, horseradish, radish, cilantro, celery broth
Prepared by Chip, and recognizably so, as he loves to pair various raw fish with buttery English Breakfast radish (and his ever changing fish crudos with radish and spicy yuzu kosho are possible my favorite dishes at Blackfish).  But the celery broth that was elegantly poured over this dish table-side was something I've never seen him do before, and it provided a uniquely interesting aromatic component that is usually missing from raw fish dishes.
~1983 Domaine Weinbach Riesling Réserve
~1985 Domaine Marc Kreydenweiss Riesling Kastelberg Vendanges Tardives
~1995 Zind Humbrecht Riesling Clos Windsbuhl
2ND COURSE: Saucisson in brioche with Perigourdine sauce
Prepared by Chef Calmels, this is a dish that I enjoyed earlier this year at Bibou for a special game dinner he prepared for us.  Pierre is a deft hand with all sorts of game (I didn't actually catch what was in the saucisson), but he takes it to the next level in this dish by encasing it in a light brioche crust and adding an elegant sauce (Perigourdine is traditionally a veal sauce spiked with a sweet wine like Monbazzilac).
~2009 Thibault Liger Belair Moulin à Vent Vieilles Vignes (a fantastic Burg-like Beaujolais)
3RD COURSE: Quenelle de Brochet a l'Americaine, cauliflower, saffron
While chatting with Pierre at Bibou a couple of weeks earlier, he mentioned that Chip and he were still debating the menu for this dinner, but that they planned to alternate courses between them.  Yet, when I finally saw the menu, they didn't appear to be alternating since quenelles are one of Bibou's signature dishes.  After the meal I complemented Pierre on what everyone thought was the "Dish of the Night", but he laughed and said that "actually, the quenelles are Chip's!"  As much as I love Bibou's classic rendition of pike quenelles in lobster sauce, this may have been the best I've ever enjoyed...light, fluffy, almost like giant, perfect pillowy ricotta gnocchi in texture, in a delicious sauce.  New American sensibilities meet Escoffier.  C'est magnifique!
~1996 Château de la Maltroye Chassagne Montrachet 1er Cru Morgeot
Louis Jadot Puligny Montrachet 1er Cru Les Folatières
(For Part 2 of this review, click link below)$45 prix-fixe Sunday evenings is absolutely wonderful, from a taste and bargain perspective. There are four courses, from a tiny no-choice soup teaser to regular sized appetizer, entree, and dessert choices. The foie gras two-ways is delightful. Love that Bibou is BYO and there's free parking in an adjacent lot. Atmosphere is like the large front room of your grandmother's house...somehow comforting and anti-pretentious, the opposite of/what I have not liked about other French restaurants.Went 4/6 was sourly disappointed. Nothing tasted fantastic. Was a let down from all the hype this place had. I like the cozy small feel but the food was just not up to standards :(.Well, I was extremely excited that it was finally the day to go to bibou. Our reservations were made months ago! We walked in and found the tiniest most adorable little French BYOB in bella vista. Because of the size, we had to wait for our table but we soon found out it was worth it. 
First, this place is extremely authentic. It is classic French cuisine done incredibly well. If you're not a french food lover, this place is not for you. 
To start, we had the escargots and the foie gras. The escargots were incredibly tender and comforting. The foie gras was amazingly seared on the outside but nice and rare on the inside. We were pretty shocked as to how they could possibly make that happen. I love foie and loved this dish BUT wished the piece of foie was a little bit bigger. 
For our main courses, we shared the bone marrow and the rabbit saddle. YUM. I love bone marrow and I have never seen it prepared this way. It was mixed with beard crumbs and herbs, stuffed back in the bone and baked. This paired with the micro greens salad was rich and delicious. The rabbit saddle was also delicious. It was perfectly cooked and juicy in a homey brown butter sauce. 
We finished the meal with a great cheese plate. I wish the chef jarred and sold the tomato jam that he makes with the cheeses! It was sweet and delicious. 
A huge highlight was meeting the chef. He comes out to every table to introduce himself and see how your meal was. Great idea. It made the whole experience feel special and I loved it.Very good food but at a high price. 
I went to Bibou on a Sunday night for the four course tasting menu. The ambiance there is really nice and it is the perfect place for a date or a small group. Just about every table I saw had brought their own bottle of wine and everyone in the small restaurant seemed happy. The chef introduced himself at the end of our meal which I really appreciated as well. 
Main Courses: The best thing that I had all night was the pork leg with foie gras and lentils. They had it as a special that night but I think it is sometimes on the regular menu. It was so tasty, and even though it was definitely a fatty dish, it was perfectly cooked, not at all chewy and really really flavorful. It was a perfect dish. Other people I was with got the bass and trout. The trout was great but the bass was just okay. The bass was cooked in what looked like a dumpling and tasted a little too fishy. 
Appetizers: For appetizers, the escargot was good but could have used a little more seasoning. I prefer escargot with a little more garlic oil and butter but maybe that's just me. The foie gras appetizer was phenomenal. 
Desserts: Everything was great. I had a plum tart and I tried some of the souffle as well. 
BOTTOM LINE: This was a really great restaurant for a date or small group if you are willing to pay the price on a Sunday (about $45 for the tasting menu, cash only and byob). I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for the bass and the escargot not being perfect. If it weren't for the high price, I would go back more often.Delicate.  That's the best way to describe this place.
Erased my initial crack at this because it was too long, so I'll paraphrase.
It was 100 degrees the day we were here so that alone could have squashed an enjoyable meal.  It did not.
I had a boudin noir that was on special that night.  Delicate, topped with thinly sliced potatoes.  The whole thing melted at the touch of the knife, no less the mouth.  Same can be said for the pied de porc.  If a pig's foot was really that tender they would melt into the soil like rainwater.  Barely required a knife to consume.  Escargot and bone marrow that my girlfriend had were similarly amazing according to her, although I cannot comment myself as she didn't care to share too much.
Service was great from a younger guy, as well as the great touch of the chef/owner stopping by the table to chat.  Knew we'd chosen the classic entrees and seemed to appreciate this.  Seemed to be a really nice guy but glad he kept the conversation short because my girlfriend likes to swoon over French accents.  Never felt at all stuffy in here either by temperament or temperature.
Overall it is a special little place.  While nothing stood out as "the most incredible thing I've ever had" everything was executed to perfection.  Sometimes perfect is just what you need.A tiny little BYOB place in south Philly with huge flavors and great service. 
The Chef sure knows what he's cooking. 
I went there with few friends (8 people) after several attempts to secure a reservation and it was worth the wait.
The menu changes almost weekly so if they are offering the Guinea hen, go for it.
The desert is also fantastic.This is one of the best meals/dining experiences I have ever had! It can be a little tough to snag a good time for a reservation (originally I had booked 2.5 weeks in advance and the only available times were 5pm and 9:30pm), but mind you they post on their twitter when they have last minute cancelations. I was able to change my reservation from 5pm to 7pm due to a cancelation that day.
We ordered the escargots, fish dumpling, and bone marrow, as well as a quince pie.
The escargots were very very good, and the sauce that accompanied them was soooo good that we soaked up every last drop with the bread we had. 
The fish dumpling was done with a lobster/tomato sauce and served with brown rice was also quite good. The dumpling was cooked perfectly so it had the perfect balance of firm-yet-soft texture (hard to explain, but the texture was perfection). The plate was very good but sadly it paled in comparison to the bone marrow.
I have to say that if you like bone marrow you MUST get the bone marrow at Bibou! It puts every other bone marrow dish I have had to complete shame.The bone marrow was accompanied by potatoes and a vinaigrette which worked amazingly well with the bone marrow. I can't full describe how good the dish was so I will just leave it at that.
The dessert was probably the low point of the meal being average at best though everything else was so spectacular I won't dock a star for that. Next time I would probably go with the tabacco flavored creme brulee as it sounds much more inventive.
The service was top-notch;a nice touch was that chef Pierre Calmel comes around the dining room (twice during our visit) to check up and make sure you are enjoying your meal as well as your experience. His wife Charlotte who is the hostess also comes around periodically to make sure everything is perfect.
Some things of note is that Bibou is BYOB so make sure to bring (enough)* wine for the night AND Bibou is also CASH ONLY so even more importantly make sure to bring enough cash (our bill came out to be $92 including a generous tip). For a place of this caliber I believe that is a STEAL!!! I cannot wait for the next time I come to the eastcoast, because if it is possible I will be making a sidetrip to philly just for Bibou.dined there couple of times. great food, caring owners. Every time i go there i see regulars. Sounds like some go every week. My only complaint it is impossible to get table on weekend. I think owners not releasing table to opentable because they give them to regulars. Place is tiny. I wish they released 1/2 of tables on weekend to everybody.My boyfriend took me here on a date. It was a wonderful first fine dining experience. The staff were very attentive. I loved everything on the menu that night, my favorite was the foie gras and veal with truffles. Everything on the menu was made to perfection. Before going in, they asked for food restrictions and bec I'm allergic to most fruits, they changed the menu to fit my diet.Make sure you get the bone marrow. It is by far the most heavenly thing you might ever eat in your life. It's worth every calorie.Phenomenal.
I have been meaning to get to Bibou for sometime, finally did tonight. We did the 7 course chef's tasting menu. Every course was a home run. Zucchini 'soup' over a crab and caviar salad, guinea hen terrine, swordfish and potato pancake with an insanely good turmeric sauce, seared foie gras with charred mango, over a toast that cannot be described...accompanied by a foie gras mango creme brulee, roasted bone marrow stuffing, with chinese mustard greens and roasted potatoes, lamb with eggplant caviar, and frozen lemon souffle. We added a cheese course as well before the souffle.
If you want food and service that make you smile, and give you an experience moreso than just a meal...this is the spot. The Chef came out and talked to us at length. Every member of the staff was exceptional, and extremely friendly.Went for the Sunday price fix and it was as good as they say. Mushroom soup with fried sweet potato ravioli to start was one for the best mushroom soups I've ever had. For those that love foie gras (my boyfriend who is obsessed) said its one of the best he has ever had. Reccomend-- foie gras, escargot, mahi mahi and The floating island dessert was sooooooo good.  Of course we loved everything and can't wait to go back!!!! 
There are so many truly wonderful places to eat in Philly but few can compare to Bibou when it comes to quality and preparation for the priceI love Bibou, I can't say more than has been already said. I wish the terrine was more flavorful and that they would cook the pied de porc the way they use to (needs salt). Otherwise perfect every time!
The Sunday prix fixe is no longer a desire of mine. I find that my meals Wed to Sat are a better experience.  Bibou is one of the few places in Philadelphia that serves tasty offal. I enjoy their combinations. I want my food to be exciting, I always check the menu before I make reservations!Loved the new space. It took this place to a new level.  We had an amazing meal last Friday. Probably the best meal I've had this year. Spectacular tasting food, with incredible presentation. Menu seems to change frequently. This should be the hardest reservation in town.Beautiful plating, foie was cooked perfectly, salmon tartare was bland and overall the food was very rich. I will be back, even  if its a bit pricey.Ladies and gentlemen, I've  died and gone to heaven. At least, that is how I felt after dining at Chef Pierre Calmels' Bibou- the tiny 30 seat French BYOB in Bella Vista. Reservations at Bibou are hard to come by considering I have been trying to go since my arrival on the doorsteps of Philadelphia last summer. After having dined there shoulder to shoulder with other diners I learned that most at the restaurant are die hard regulars and usually make their reservations for their next meal on a weekly or monthly basis. It's no wonder the restaurant is always full (word to the wise: make your reservations well in advance).
Chef Pierre Calmels is no stranger to the Philadelphia dining scene. He was the long time executive chef of the renowned Le Bef-Fin mentoring some of Philadelphia's finest chefs. Prior to which he worked in some of the best kitchens in the country including those of Daniel Bouloud and under Georges Perrier at Le Bec-Fin. He opened Bibou in 2009 and immediately gained loyalist amongst the city's gourmands.
The menu changes often to offer the freshest seasonal ingredients and innovative dishes. Yet, some dishes are staples. This includes the ever tender and flavorful escargot. On first thought, one might not think twice about ordering escargot, especially those who are put off by images of snails. Yet the escargot at Bibou proved to be quite extraordinary. Perhaps it the fact that the snails are slow poached and cooled gradually in the most flavorful broth made up of butter, beef stock, mousseron mushrooms and fresh garbanzo beans. Eaten with a side of french bread, these snails were to die for.
A seasonal dish which was appetizing and visually stimulating was the soft-shell crab. A crispy and tender crab presented itself to me covered in chopped tomatos and a citrusy based sauce.  The dish is offered as an appetizer or an entree and was an instant hit.  Next was the country paté dish- a delicious slab of mixed meat with sundried tomatos, dried apricot and rosemary; with a cassis reduction. For those who love a good paté, here is a warning: this dish will leave you wanting more and will remain with you and your taste-buds for days to come. In fact, it's been a week since our visit to Bibou and I have been dreaming of this plate ever since. It is not to be missed. 
The bone marrow, another stable Bibou dish, was served in a split bone stuffed with a rather salty mix of bone marrow with toasted bread crumbs and a range of herbs along a side of potatoes.  Being a big fan of anything to do with bone marrow, I loved the buttery and strong marrow flavors of this dish yet found it to be just a tad bit on the salty side.  The Onglet de Boeuf was one of the most tender and meaty hanger steaks I've yet to taste served in a green peppercorn sauce with a side of fingerling potatoes and green asparagus. 
Dessert as usual consisted of most of the offerings on the menu: the floating island, dark chocolate tort and lemon souffle glace. All three amazing and perfect. The dark chocolate tort is what every warm chocolate cake should aspire to be: warm, soft texture with just the right amount of sweetness and the taste of bittersweet chocolate. The floating island, a classic french dish that I became quickly addicted to in my years in France was so good that I was tempted to order another. A fluffy, light meringue floating in a sauce of creme anglais made with goat's milk. And while the two vanished within minutes if not seconds, we contemplated a third. Our server recommended the lemon souffle glace:  An ice-cream like texture with creamy tart lemon flavor served with a berry reduction on the side it did not disappoint.
Our dining experience was so lovely and we were so satisfied that neither of us wanted to leave. We quickly made friends with our neighbors and together revelled in the extraordinary brilliance of Bibou. I only wish they would expand their space so that more diners can have access to Chef Calmel's magic.Bibou might have been the most charming restaurant I have even eaten in. The chef's wife, Charlotte, worked the dining room, sincerely chatting up all the tables and making everyone feel like a VIP. The menu was fairly small but I had a hard time choosing, in the end I went  for the tomato gazpacho with mahi mahi tartate and the seared tuna. I ordered the tuna extra rare, and they actually sent it out right, I feel like a lot of kitchens don't think I am serious about that. Everything was delicious and beautifully plated. At my friends urging, I used the bathroom, and he was right, it was so big in comparison to the tiny restaurant. The fixtures were fancy and there were fresh linens and yummy soap - a nice experience of its own. Then we had the french press coffee which we really enjoyed, and we are coffee snobs. That came out with warm madelines that I gobbled down, although I overheard another diner (who perhaps had one glass of wine too many) tell the chef himself that her husband makes better madelines!One of the best Authentic French restaurants I've been to with Bring Your Own Wine, Awesome, Yeaha!  With prefixed menu items for $45 each, you'll gain an unforgettable fine dining experience.  They kick it up a notch with unique ingredients, layered with flavors and different textures.  You can't find a restaurant like this for restaurant week, so I recommend you go here for a nice occasion.  Service was good and the chef took his time going to each table.  We happened to speak with his wife too.  They have 3 adorable kids who speak French too.  I'm happy they have time off because of their hard work and hours they put into the restaurant.  I recommend the foie gras which felt and tasted like butter in your mouth.I was expecting more based on reviews here and from Craig LaBan.  In the end, it turned out to be nothing particularly memorable. It strikes me that this has become a special occasions place, which is frequently a worrisome sign. The food was perfectly serviceable, but I've had better bistro experiences in Philadelphia and elsewhere. 
As others note, the space lacks character.  I appreciate that we only had to wait about 3 minutes for our 9:30 reservation on a Friday night.  The service throughout the evening was quite good - just attentive enough.  Although, I prefer to pour my own wine, especially when there are no options for getting more than what you brought. 
The bread certainly started things off well - it was fresh and delicious.  Serving the butter in a foil wrap package was unexpected.  I supposed they are trying to prove that it is imported French butter.  It was good, but the presentation was a bit declasse. 
Began with the terrine and the escargot.  The escargot was good, and there were several snails, I believe 8 which was certainly nice.  It was a little under seasoned however.  The terrine was quite good, but I was surprised that it was not served with mustard, which would have been a nice accompaniment. 
One entree was the venison that was soaked in red wine for 24 hours.  It was incredibly tender, although it also needed salt.  It supposedly came with some potatoes, which was pureed to a consistency of a glaze.  There was supposed to have been some vegetables with it, but if they were present, I don't remember them.  (Also there are no options for ordering sides of vegetable - vegetarians beware!)  The other entree was the cassoulet.  The duck leg was wonderfully seared, and the beans expertly cooked.  There was a lot more here than with the venison dish, but after awhile it became a bit boring, although it was filling.  And, it came served with Dijon and whole grain mustard - that was odd; where were they earlier with the terrine?
In reading this review it sounds better than the feeling of being underwhelmed, which is how we left.  Maybe I should give it another shot.  Especially since it was rather reasonably priced (although taking credit cards would be appreciated!).Went on a Sunday night for the 4 course menu for $50. I had never been to a high end French restaurant before this, so I was very excited yet didn't know what to expect.
First course was wild mushroom soup with red wine braised onions. It was all puréed into a velvet consistency, and was absolutely delicious. 
Second course I got the foie gras . This was the first time I had ever had it, and it was not my favorite thing. Just a texture thing for me, the custard-ness of it. Flavor, sauce, poached apple accompanying the foie was delicious.
Third course was the filet, and it was worth the 50$ alone. Wow. Perfect Med rare. Sauce was beefy yet delicate . Just Devine. I wanted three more.
For dessert, it was a frozen lemon soufflé , which was very good. Almost ice cream like. Overall, very good. The filet was epic. Soup and dessert very good. And due to personal taste, foie was only okay, at best.
Highly suggest. Great date spotWe finally got reservations and already can't wait to go back.  Such a cute place with about 10 tables. Service was great and the food was amazing.  We started off with the beet,watermelon soup with goat cheese foam and the mushroom special. Both were delicious but loved the soup a little bit more. For dinner I had the veal and my husband had the bone marrow - holy moly - that was fantastic. The bone marrow was different than anything we ever had before and I can to wait to go back to get my own. The bone marrow was sautéed then baked in the bone a mouth watering.  We then had the cheese plate and then split the Floating Island - a floating meringue ...
Great place for a date or just to grab a great meal in the city.  Love that it is byo too. Our whole meal with tip was $130 which I thought was great for all the food we ate and the experience. Service was fatalistic too!We went here with high expectations because of all the reviews in the press and were not disappointed. The food is excellent, some of the dishes are very hearty (such as duck confit) and according to the Chef he changes his menu quite often with the season and availability of the ingredients. BYOB is a major plus since you can bring a perfect complement for your dinner.  The foie gras duo appetizer was very adventurous with the foie gras creme brûlée infused with bergamot.
The room is simply decorated in a typical french bistro style. The brown drop ceiling adds certain charm to the room.
I had the duck confit for my entree which was wonderfully prepared. My wife had the dorado for her entree, which was delicious, especially the watercress emulsion. We brought a good Pinot Noir from California to perfectly complement the decadent flavors of Chef;s cooking.
Desserts were very good. We did not feel rushed at all even though there were people standing in the small waiting area behind us waiting for the later seating.Dinner 1st visit, highly anticipated. Based on the other Yelpers, I broke out the good stuff, a Duval Leroy Brut Rose and a 1995 Chateau Haut-Brion. We were not disappointed, made our next reservations on the spot.
Started off with a half-dozen west coast oysters to go with the bubbly. (Couldn't quite catch what bay or cove they were from from our server Hans, accent was think, but ask for him, great server!). Big meaty, neutral salt oysters and a wonderfully fresh mignonette.
I then had the Escargot (Snail ragout, Fava beans and trumpet royale mushrooms, flavored with tarragon). Wow, it was like a little pretty snail stew in a fancy snail shaped dish. Glad the bread was on the table to sop up every last drop.
Wife not much of foodie, so they were nice enough to offer a simple green salad for her app, it was another sign of the great service we received.
I next had the Bone marrow special. My words couldn't do it justice, but it was a giant bone, bone marrow was carved out and reconstituted within a luscious stuffing and placed back in the bone. Never had it this way before, and it was wonderful. Serviced with a fat-cutting side of greens and some little potatoes lyonnais(?).
Wife had the Onglet de Bœuf (Sautéed hanger steak with green peppercorn sauce, Fingerling potatoes, green asparagus) and she loved it. It was good even though she had the Chef prepare it well done.
We then had a mini-cheese course (stinky epoisses? with tomato marmalade and a sliced apple). Perfect segue to finish that '95 Haut Brion before dessert.
and oh the dessert, we had the Chocolate cake with caramel and the Apple Tatin. The tatin is usually my bell weather for a good French restaurant and this one showed the greatness of this little gem of a restaurant. Light, slightly crispy, with home honey ice cream. Great finish to the meal.
Great evening, great food, great wine, and wonderful service. I hope you all don;t believe me, I prefer to have this place to myself.This is a must try. A BYO french place with amazing food and decent prices = heaven.
They have awesome wine glasses and seriously great service. Be prepared to settle in for a couple of cozy hours.
Things to remember:
Get reservations. This place is tiny so they are a must.
This is cash only - don't forget.
Parking is tricky. Make sure you have plenty of time before your reservation to find a spot.
Love it!Bibou is cash only and BYOB.  Any place with BYOB gets an extra point from me.  I've heard great reviews about this place so I finally was able to get a Saturday reservation for the chef's tasting menu that consisted of 7 courses.  It is $70 a person and only caters to a maxiumum of two people. Once we walked in, my friend and I were seated at the counter where we can watch the chefs cook and prepare.  We brought two bottes of champagne to drink with our 7 course journey.  Everything that came out was delicious.  My favorite dish was the 3rd couse which was fish (I forgot what kind it was) over pureed potatoes.  The bone marrow course was also good and tasty.  My least favorite was the dessert. It didn't do anything to my taste buds but overall it was a great time. The servers were excellent, the atmosphere was cozy, and I sure will come back again but maybe for a regular dinner not the chefs tasting course.  Make sure you make reservations ahead of time because this place gets booked up quickly.Great meal.  Cash Only.  Tight space.  Enjoy.Couldn't ask for better food, service or ambiance. Small place which makes it much more exclusive. The Chef was very nice and the staff was very helpful with explaining each dish on the menu. I expected to be shuffled out because its such a small place and they'd want the table but I was there for a good 3 hours and was more than welcome to stay as long as I wanted. I brought a bottle of wine which was great. They kept my wine chilled and didn't charge a corking fee. My date was very impressed and so was I.A diner at BIBOU is a travel, a travel in a world of taste, spice and perfection, a travel to heaven.
It is difficult, almost impossible to get on the guest list. After trying for months when we finally got a reservation, we loved our experience so much that we booked for the following month before we had even finished our meal. Last Sunday was our fourth time but not the last believe me. We'll keep coming back ...Bibou.. I've been wanting to go there for so long.. Finally - I did. Its the cutest little place with the most amazing service. The waiters are knowledgeable, kind and very attentive to everything we needed. 
The food is divine. French food is my favorite and their chef does everything right. its rich and flavorful, but not overwhelming. 
But then, towards the end, we were begin rushed into dessert and our table was cleared half way during dessert and the owner came to tell us that we need to leave cause there are ppl that are waiting for lour table..NOT acceptable. NOT nice,  and DEFINITELY leave a horrible taste in your mouth.The food at  Bibou is technically flawless.  If I had to nit pick maybe the escargot was on the fence of not being seasoned well enough, but, I still loved the dish.  Chef Yves takes familiar French dishes such as Coq Au Vin and makes them better.  The plates may look familiar but the taste is out of this world.  Everything was perfect, literally executed with no error.  One of the best meals I have ever had.Great food, great atmosphere, hard to get a weekend reservation though -- had to book over a month in advance for dinner.  Fish here is amazing. Try the cheese plate. BYOB.I was so very looking forward to trying probably the most talked about French restaurant in the city in Bibou. I really wanted to try it before they went to the tasting menu only format. My fiance and I headed down one evening with a nice bottle of French wine and were very excited about a nice evening. Unfortunately, the evening didnt go as well as we had hoped it would.
Through no fault of the restaurant, we were seated near an obnoxiously loud table of people that seemed as though they were regulars. I understand that you may go this plac emore than me, but that doesnt give you the right to be obnoxiously loud and talk about inappropriate things very loudly just because you have eaten here more often than me. Just complete trash. That being said we were seated in a corner table in the front of the restaurant with a very nice view, so that was a great start. The menu looked amazing. They had so many dishes I had never seen at other French restaurants in the city, so I was super excited to try some of them. The authenticity of this place definitely seemed to be off the charts. For our meal, we decided to order the escargot, a special they had of the evening of a seafood mousse, the stuffed pigs foot and the veal dish. 
The escargots was in a completely different form than I am used to, but in a completely good way. It came beauitfully presented in a snail shell dish, with fava beans and mushrooms and a delicious broth that definitely deviated from the regular herb butter I have had at other places. THe snails were probably the most tender I have had anywhere and the entire dish was tasty. The seafood mousse was probably the best thing we ate all night. It was absolutely fantastic. The texture of flavor of it were just insane. It was like a savory panna cotta. It had such a deep seafood flavor, it was really a spectacular dish. 
Our main courses didnt quite fair as well. They were good, just not as much of stars as our appetizers were. The stuffed pigs foot with foie gras and lentils was a very tasty dish. It was rich, as a lot of French food is, but the flavor was great. I think I was expecting the exterior to be a bit more crispy, but it was a very nicely executed dish. The veal dish was nothing special. The veal wasnt particularly well cooked, but the sauce that was served with it was quite flavorful. The vegetable medley it was served with and the polentaesque square served with the veal was nice as well. 
The dessert choices were pretty lacking, but we decided on their signature dessert, the floating island, a meringue floating in a sea of creme anglaise. The meringue was pretty crunchy and the creamy anglaise was delicious as well. It was a cool presentation and a very good dessert. It was very light, so a perfect ending to a pretty heavy meal.
Everything had been good from our server, but this is where it got weird. Bibou is cash only. No problem, I brought cash with me. I cant remember how much the bill was exactly, but I know I needed change to give the proper tip because an additional 20 wouldnt have covered it and that was all I had. I gave the check and money to our waiter and I said I will need some change. He said ok, walked away, but then proceeded to return to our table and say, you are going to leave a tip arent you? What the hell is that? I was kind of caught of guard by this, because there was no reason for this question. Nothing had gone wrong during our meal, so the only thing I can think of for why this was asked was that we are fairly young. I tip and I tip well, and I really dont appreciate being questioned like that. In what world is it ok for a server to ask that question? I think he realized he made a mistake though, because he decided not to bring us back our check, and had the hostess do that. I was so angry and I just wanted to get out of there, that I didnt say something to the hostess. I know I should have, and I sent an email to restaurant afterwards, but it should have been done in person and at the exact time it happened. It really took away from our evening, and it was a shame because it had been a pretty good one up until then. 
I had this place on a pedestal before I ever set foot inside, and to be honest, it was not to the level I expected it to be. That isn't to say it wasn't good, it just wasn't as good as I expected it to be. Ive been to better restaurants in Philly that do not seem to get talked about as much. I will definitely be back to try the new tasting menu only format and to see if I can get a better server, but you will definitely eat some great food when you go there.My meal was absolutely delicious. Most specifically for me, the pig's foot was perfectly executed.
The entire staff was incredibly fun and great to see in action.
Can't wait until next time.I want to take Charlotte and Pierre home in my pocket and hug them forever.
Came in for dinner with my family Saturday night. My parents have struck up a nice little friendship with the Calmels, which I'm told was aided by a review my cousin wrote for the New York Times Magazine. Regardless, this experience was more than pleasant. The food was incredible, as usual. Pierre sent out a cheese plate and some macaroons for us. The servers were fantastic.
Both Pierre and Charlotte stopped by our table a few times to chat. My parents talked shop with Pierre about the lobster bisque, and I jokingly said that my dad was asking Pierre to tell all of his secrets. Pierre goes on to say how he has no secrets and is more than happy to share recipes. He says no one recipe ever comes out the same for different people making it. 
I'm making all of my dates take me here in the future.
I'm in love.I love it here.  Get reservations, make sure you have lots of cash, BYOB and just do it.
Try EVERYTHING...if you can...I have.. although they keep their menu fresh and new so I haven't tried everything..
Their foie gras with the pumpkin bread is such an amazing pairing.  Take a bite of the foie then a separate bite of the bread just to get the flavors in your mind/mouth then eat them together and it's amazing.
Chef Pierre comes out to greet everyone, his wife Charlotte is just as sweet.  The wait staff is well trained and attentive.  The technique in creating the masterpieces must also be appreciated. 
I love it here-- would come more often if I had the money.This intimate BYO is special in every aspect of the meal. I went a while back for an anniversary meal with my girlfriend and it met the expectations of the occasion. First off, the space is charming and cozy but with enough room between tables as to not feel cramped. 
The service is also excellent. with a 7 course tasting menu as the only option for diners with 2 amuse bouches it is very important to time and coordinate each aspect of the meal well without being overbearing, and the staff did just that. They did not make the meal feel rushed or too slow which is a very difficult feat.
Most importantly, the food was outstanding. The meal started with an amuse bouche of avocado tempura, a nice citrusy bite of fluke sashimi and a tuna tartare on a small rice cracker to set the meal off right.
From there, one highlight was the burgundy truffle scrambled egg which was visually stunning as it came inside of the egg shell with a nice piece of truffle covering the small opening in the egg. The earthy flavors and silky texture of the eggs worked quite nicely.
Another favorite was the pumpkin bread with foie gras with fuyu persimmon and a red wine duck sauce. The savoriness, fattiness, and saltiness of the whipped foie gras beautifully met the flavors of the subtle pumpkin bread. The balance between the two flavors surprised me as the flavor of pumpkin spice did not overwhelm me and I am not generally a pumpkin fan. The red wine duck sauce reduction raised the bar further, adding an element of tanginess to the dish.
The main proteins were a yellow corvina skewered with rosemary that came with radish and was served in a shrimp consommé that was decadent and interesting, and a duo of rabbit featuring both saddle and leg with a nice parsley root puree that was served in a beautifully rich natural jus.
The dessert was a decadent profiterole that was very nicely prepared, but admittedly was not the most overwhelming part of the night's fare. The chef also came out and greeted us at the end of and seemed to be in great spirits which is always nice to see as a diner.
Overall it was a wonderful meal that made the occasion even more special. Be sure to bring a nice bottle of wine if you'd like to indulge as the restaurant is BYO. Also it is a cash only $100pp prix fixe (excluding tax and gratuity) so be sure to plan accordingly. Highly recommend for special occasions and if you're craving fine dining. Be sure to make a reservation in advance, though, tables here are hard to come by last minute (with good reason)!Highlights: quaint and intimate setting in south philly, incredibly authentic and delicious french cuisine, attentive and polite french speaking staff!  In summary: I loved it!Losing another great to a prix fixe/tasting menu only. Le sigh. Although I'm sure it will be worth every penny of the $100.
Lucky for me, I managed to get a reso in before the switch. Albeit it was at the senior citizen dinner hour of 5:00. But hey, beggars can't be choosers. And who doesn't like the opportunity to get a second dinner in at 8:30?!
I'll be honest. French food is not my favorite. *Braces for impact* Sacrebleu! It always seems to border on good to just "eh fine." I feel like it had its heyday decades ago and has since been passed up by other cultural fare... Not enough creativity. Not enough inventiveness... But don't get me wrong. The five mother sauces are still tasty. Just tasty and boring.
But Bibou manages to buck that trend. It does an excellent job of paying homage to the culinary genius of French food past, while maintaining its own unique flair.
Now on to the food (ranked from favorite to least favorite)...
Scallops - Typically a safe, boring French dish. But the beautifully presented addition of cranberry, Brussels, pancetta and fennel vinaigrette gave this some serious pizzazz.
Gravlax - Prettiest thing I've eaten since the birthday cake with my face on it (I kid). The color combo between the beet cured salmon & turmeric aioli - wow. And unlike my cheap frosting mug, it was tasty too.
Rillette - I should probably brush up on my French, because I wasn't expecting this to be pâté. Silly me. I was obviously distracted by my excitement at seeing chutney on a French menu.
Pot au Feu - Very yummy, but felt more like something I'd prefer to make at home, as opposed to pay a premium to eat it at a restaurant.
So Bibou, thank you for restoring my faith in the fare of the world's culinary godfather. Bon Appétit!Best French BYOB in Philadelphia - and I've tried them all.  Fantastic food, and the menu changes frequently with some staples that remain on the menu.  The service is so pleasant and personable.  It feels like you're at a French bed and breakfast...just wonderful waiters/waitresses, and the chef makes certain to visit each customer before leaving.  This place is worth every cent.  I will return!I've been coming to Bibou during my Philadelphia visits (my parents still live here) on and off since they opened. This was my first time back since the revamp. Wow. Bibou was excellent before, but it's moved up to the next level. At first, $100/person seems daunting, but once you start enjoying an incredible dining experience, it suddenly seems considerably less so. And let's be honest--you can easily drop just as much at a far lesser restaurant.
Upon walking in, you immediately notice a difference. There are slightly fewer seats, which means a less crowded and more relaxing environment, and the room's aesthetic has upped itself a notch in that less is more kind of way. One particular note: the new chairs are probably the most comfortable restaurant chairs in which I've had the pleasure of sitting. We knew the trio of servers--all of our favorites from before (my parents used to come in quite a bit)--and the overall service, which was always excellent, has again gone up a level in refinement. Think Le Bec Fin in its prime, but without that stiff formality.
And the food. The food is sensational. Each dish feels like it's carefully crafted, not just for flavor, but for its aesthetic--after all, we eat with our eyes first, and so my eyes ate a steady stream of art all night. In the interest of not writing a book about the seven courses (plus a three-part amuse, a palate cleansing sorbet and petit fours with our dessert), I'll hit a few highlights. Among them were perfectly tender frogs legs paired with a parsley risotto and what was called a black garlic cromesquis (think a tiny fried vessel filled with a delectable explosion of black garlic "juice"), followed by a Pike savarin and Florida sun shrimp with water spinach in a red curry emulsion. Both dishes were stunning, but they were followed by a just as stunning foie gras paired with blueberry compote and a foie gras creme caramel on top of spiced pumpkin bread. Follow that with quail (presented in multiple ways, including as sausage) paired with kabocha squash and mustard greens and we were all in foodie heaven. A well-selected cheese plate bridged the gap between the savory courses and our favorite Bibou dessert of all time, Floating Island. Even that had gotten a polish. Just a stunning meal from start to finish, with attentive but unrushed service and the right environment to enjoy Pierre's incredible food.Had a Thursday night diner here and while not France, close you eyes and you would be.  The plates were perfect, with a flair you seldom find in USA.  Service was matching and the chef made time to visit as well.  The Couchon (pork belly) was to die for.  The souffle was as light as a cloud.
Plan on a nice leisurely meal, the table is yours for the night. Just note that this is BYOB but they provide sommalier service and they do take credit cards now.  They only offer a tasting menu and the price reflects just how good the food is.  Not inexpensive but worth every penny.I have no idea how I've lived in Philly for so long without having been here. Located on 8th Street, just a block north of Washington Ave, the food is just mind-blowingly good!
Here's the run-down of what we had:
Foie Gras Duo: 
Simply magical. The seared foie gras was perfectly done and tasted great with the toasted pumpkin bread and garnishes, while the foie gras mousse was amazing beyond description.
Escargot: 
Good texture and taste, but not mind-blowing. 
Pied de Porc: 
Even better than I expected. Delicious combination of crispy outer skin stuffed with pork and foie gras, served over a bed of bacon-infused lentils. It's so creative - I love to experiment in the kitchen, but would never have thought of stuffing a pig's foot with duck liver. 
Venison Special:
It was special indeed. Very tender pieces of venison served with fried polenta and some kind of tangy/fruity sauce. 
Floating Island:
How on Earth did they come up with this?! Beautiful both the the tastes and to the eyes. Also very light on the stomach. 
Frozen Souffle:
I honestly did not expect this dessert to be so good. Its creamy and mild sweetness is balanced with an amazing butterscotch sauce and berries. 
We braved one of the bajillion polar vortex snowstorms that took place this winter to get here. With snow perpetually flying into our eyes, we forged on, and were rewarded with a delicious meal. The only downside is that it's generally really hard to get a reservation here at a reasonable time of the evening.
Also, it's cash only, so if you're like me (a.k.a. not able to eat in moderation when faced with delicious food) you'll probably need to bring lots of it. So technically, it's not just a BYOB, but also a BYOC.Bibou is well worth the 2 months it takes to get a reservation! 
My partner and I started with the Escargots & Foie Gras duo. The Escargots was lovely, perfect fava beans, and exceptional flavor to the broth they were in. The foie wasn't extremely exciting, and too sweet for me to start off with. My partner ordered the Marrow special--It's an absolute must. (Oh! If you have a late reservation, you can request they put an order aside for you, otherwise, it sounded like you could run the risk of the kitchen running out.) It was served as a "stuffing", actually in the bone. Such rich delicate flavor. I had the sweetbreads, which were exceptional, but the marrow really stole the show. The cheese plate was great, the tomato jelly accompaniment was almost more divine than the fromage. 
While we were enjoying dessert, a farmer came in, making a fresh, local delivery. Made me feel even better about what I was eating. I can't wait to go back.Very nice and traditional with big flavors. Tried the Sunday night price-fix dinner and it did not disappoint.seared foie duo was bad...the mousse didn't pair well with the sauce; and the sautéed foie was overcooked.  also had the hanger steak and pig foot entrees which were very unremarkable.
service was no good because our dissatisfaction was rather clear from the fact we didn't finish our dishes.  The floating meringue anglaise tasted like melted ice-cream.
On top of it all...the waiter is faking a french accent! 
this is another yelp-trap...Love this place. Fantastic food, and great value for what it is. 
The chef put together a wonderful sampler main for my girlfriend who is avoiding certain foods due to health conditions. Also, the chef is a ridiculously nice guy.
Would go back in an instant.I really love the idea of the French bistro.  It's family dining without being related to anyone. There's just something entirely subversive about skillfully prepared regional food served in a rustic and casual venue.  What's not to like about sublime cuisine without the pretensions of fussy ornaments and service?
There was also an element of theater as we were among the first to enter this tiny space a block off of Washington Ave. in South Philly after a two week hiatus for the owners to visit relatives in France.  What would be on their small and focused menu?  New inspiration from the Gallic motherland?  If there's anything to be expected from this stage, it's that the show hardly changes from day to day.  But, oh, what a show.  
We started with their standards, the escargot served with fava beans in that iconic spiral snail shell dish, and the seared foie gras with candied carrots and duck drippings.  What surprised the wife and me was that the escargot were shelled.  That's right, no fumbling with a tiny snail fork and licking sauce off of your fingers.  Even more surprising was just how tender the escargot were.  The sauce was a bit too salty for me, and the tarragon notes were muted.  The foie gras, on the other hand was a simply prepared dish which allowed the moist and tender liver to shine. Served on a sliver of pumpkin bread, the indulgent rich flavors blended together effortlessly with the duck jus and carrots.  
We were disappointed that canard was not on the menu since we were both love well seared duck.  My wife ordered the Pied de Porc (pig's feet) served with lentils.  While we've had pig's feet in soups and stews, this was presented de-boned and wrapped into a sausage like bundle.  This is not for those adverse to skin and/or fat. This was pork fat out of the closet, flaming for all to see.  We loved it.  So flamboyant was the explosion of pig flavor, that it completely masked the flavor of the foie gras stuffed inside.  The earthy richness of the lentils provided a nice foil for the pig's feet. Never one to turn down veal chops, the ethereally tender and beefy meat  was slow cooked medium rare with just the right amount of caramelization.  The accompanying baby eggplant stuffed with wild rice was a bit overcooked and dry.  
Dessert was a wonderfully creamy and not-too-rich creme brulee with a beautifully fragile crunchy cap and a orange meringue tart sitting on top of a pate sucree crust, that was a bit dry could have used a more assertive citrus flavor.  The espresso was well pulled with a good crema, but the drink was too bitter and one dimensional.
Perhaps the best part of this bistro experience is the cordial and neighborly service.   Never overbearing, always accommodating and eager to ensure that the food was enjoyable.  The highlight was when Pierre Calmels came out and greeted us at table-side and shared stories about their vacation in France.  
For a moment we felt like family.We loved the idea of a Japanese-named, French restaurant.  My boyfriend and I were wondering if "Bibou" meant something in French as well, but it doesn't.  The head chef's wife was very sweet and nice; She explained to us how the ended up naming the restaurant "Bibou", the same Japanese "Bibou" we were thinking of.
We made reservations about 3 weeks in advance for Friday dinner and we arrived 20 minutes early..we were seated almost right away, but the proprietress told us that that usually wasn't normal (and we could tell! the place was packed!)
I ordered the Escargot appetizer and the Scallop main course and was very satisfied with both.  I love the attention to detail and how even the butter that came with the bread was a French import.. 
The BF got the foie gras appetizer and the special entree of the night, guinea fowl sausage.  He was pretty pleased too.  
Tote along a nice bottle of wine.. we brought along a Châteauneuf-du-Pape and was just wonderful.
I'd like to come back again for a nice dinner out.  The feel is very homey and the service for us at least was very, very good.  The proprietor came out at the end and introduced himself to us and chatted with us a little too.  My boyfriend and I really enjoyed the personal touches that are obvious.
I've already book our next reservation..As a whole, Bibou was a comforting and delicious experience.  Tiny and intimate, with an excellent wait staff and a wonderfully friendly, welcoming chef who came to every table to check in and walked us to the door at the end of the night.
The food was delicious, though it wasn't the individual dishes that made this meal great, it was the entire meal as a whole.  The escargot were plump and juicy, the foie gras delightful (and cooked by a technician: a thin crispy layer on the outside, and soft heaven inside).  The mains were even better (something I hardly say), with delicious, tender, juicy rabbit medallions followed by bone marrow loaded with bread crumbs to soak up the flavor, providing a different marrow experience than any I'd had before.
Those dishes were great but none were my favorite in the city.  Together, however, they were excellent, the way Dark Side is greater as a whole than the sum of its excellent individual tracks.have been there several times since mar 7th 2015 and they continue to hit it out of the park.  if possible they even get better each time.
thanks to everyone there and thanks for staying open on jan 23 2016 during snowpocalypse