Came here after reading about their specials in a Top Happy Hour in Philly list - the place was further away than Center City, but was definitely worth it! 
We came here in a group of 4, and ordered every food item off their happy hour menu. The first item was a tofu salad that I would recommend skipping - even though it was really fresh tasting and well seasoned, it was completely overshadowed by the other dishes. I really liked the caterpillar pork bread - the roasted pork filling was amazing and the slight sweetness of the bread lends itself really well to the combination. 
In terms of drinks, we ordered a family pitcher to share and it was a huge jug that would be more than enough for 4 people. The flavors were definitely unique and Asian-inspired. 
Definitely would recommend for happy hour - and they conveniently have weekend afternoon happy hours to get your fix of dumplings!Bung bung! 
I'm hooked! 
I recently came here with a few friends for Happy Hr. 
Fresh off a train ride, I was starving.  With little to no parameters, my good friend chose this spot. 
From the great tunes to the awesome decor, Bing Bing excites the senses. 
While here I had the Tiger Style Punch.  Very strong.  It's the sipping type of drink.  Any punch bourbon based is always the good kind of trouble.  From there I had, Pork Soup Dumplings ( by far my fave...so savory and deelish), Everything Paco Man Bun (basically their take on Bagel and Lox), Roasted Pork Bao (pastry was light and the pork was seasoned greatly), Crispy Cumin Lamb Rolls ( flavor punch in the mouth), and the Sweet & Savory Brussel Sprouts ( I wanted another order).  In addition to all that, I took advantage of their 3 buck Miller Lite.   :) 
I cannot wait to go back again!Chow fun, soup dumplings, pastrami bao were all quite awesomeGot the caterpillar bread and pork bao bun. Pretty great stuff! Decent prices. Would def come here again! Small place but was able to sit at the bar no problem. Small beer selection but when you're serving Jai Alais, what more do you need? I'll be back!Everything my girlfriend and me had was great. We got the beef dumplings, soup dumplings and spicy cucumber salad. My favorites were the soup dumplings and spicy cucumber salad.best food in philly. love it here. get pork soup dumplings.This placed REALLY knocked my socks off! Not only was their food incredible (you MUST get the bao buns and cucumber salad) the staff was kind and attentive. I was visiting from out of town and our server even recommended some great places to get ice cream in walking distance. Such a great location, and excellent music created a great vibe. Perfect place for date night, dinner with friends or the place to go with your parents in town.So, so very loud. We were literally shoutung at each other across our table. Food was okay but our dishes arrived weirdly, all my dates first then all mine later. Typical East Passyunk hipster staff. I don't know what expected from a dim sum place, but it wasn't this. I won't be back. Our waiter was a young kid, who apologized for how the food came out and seemed like he knew the dishes well.What I love about Bing Bing is they have a good happy hour on the weekends. I got the chef's cocktail which was a lychee gin mixed drink that was very refreshing without being too sweet. While the dumplings we ordered were pretty good, what really stood out to me was the roasted pork bao, which was delicious! I think Bing Bing describes itself as Jewish Chinese fusion but I would say, at least with the food we ordered, it's Chinese South Philly fusion. The bao was basically a roasted pork sandwich in a bun. The atmosphere is great as well, it's loud and vibrant, but also intimate, probably because of the size of the restaurant. Overall it was a fun experience.I got a table last minute on a Friday night.  It was one of those spontaneous evenings when everything just happens to work out perfectly.  
It only took twenty minutes to park the car right next to Bing Bing in a perfect spot (so lucky), upon arrival my friend was seated at our table:). 
The staff is extremely friendly, attentive, and accommodating.  My friend felt sick, so they replaced his drink and gave me a second one to replace his.  My two cocktails were delicious.  I can't remember their names, but I remember one had jalapeño and one had some pear flavoring meshed with a bunch of others (the latter was my favorite).  
Foodwise, we had the beet dumplings first (little bites of heaven...could have eaten twenty, but stuck to ten:).  The pork soup dumplings were spot on.  My friend had the lamb dumplings of some sort?...(he loved them).  We also had some epic kimchi fried rice (so good).  My entree was the brisket noodle soup (more than enough for two, but I housed it solo).  Best meal I've had in a while.  Loved everything about Bing Bing.  Can't wait to come back and sit in one of the great looking booths.  Definitely, make a reservation.My personal suggestion, smoke a little MJ and go in and try everything.  You will not regret it.We have been awaiting the opening of this place forever.  The time has finally come and we stopped by on opening night to try out a couple of the dishes.  We tried the potato dumplings, pastrami and swiss bao, crispy little fish, steamed fish, giant soup dumpling, and the chocolate bao for dessert.  All of the dishes were pretty good, well seasoned.  There are a number of quirks still needed to be worked out, which will come with time.  The best dishes were the steamed fish and the potato dumplings.  The gremolata that was on top of the fish was absolutely delicious.  The food has a lot of potential and should get better as time goes on.
The chairs and tables left a little to be desired though.  Since it is freezing in philadelphia, the chairs / tables should have some hooks to hang your coat up.  All coats could only rest under your stool and just seemed disorganized and messy.  Other than that, the experience was worth the wait.  Try this place out soon!Bing Bing Dimsum really hit the spot! The soup dumplings are just heaven! Also their house made chili oil and vinegar are absolutely delicious! I took off star for their small serving size. Will definitely go back and 100% recommend!I like the location of the place, the interior and exterior, the service, the no-wait-on-Sunday-morning experience, the hipster feel.... if I can let go and stop considering it a Chinese restaurant I would've been very satisfied with the food... in fact this place can even get kudos for being more on the authentic side compared to many other American Chinese restaurants....but sorry that sensation associated with authentic asian tastes simply doesn't respond this restaurant too well....Definitely a good spot to meet a friend or two for their happy hour specials!
I love it when a restaurants really knows what happy hour means -- discounted drinks AND food! They have a good selection of food that can fill you up quickly despite the small plates. My friend and I were stuffed after 4 of their happy hour bites which included their bao, dumplings, pickled veggies, and cucumber salad. 
Their food is definitely a fusion of traditional Chinese food with a new American twist to it. Very unique flavor profiles and tasty! 
Ambience is very eclectic and young. You can get lost in their intricate mural to the right of the bar. Makes it a great casual place. Despite going on a Monday evening, it was still had a good amount of people and is a bit on the louder side though I was still able to carry on a conversation with a louder speaking voice. 
Overall this is a solid place to go. Interesting combinations of texture and flavorful food!The most amazing flavors and textures! Everyone who
Works here is totally passionate about the food they make. Even as a vegetarian I was not disappointed ! Definitely save room for dessert!Love this place! Soup Dumplings and Jade dumplings are awesome. Friendly atmosphere. I just wish they were open for Brunch! Please start delivering soup dumplings on Caviar!Tasty food, attentive service, good drinks, music is funky and overall a cool vibe. I would hang out here again for sure - don't miss the pork bao bun and the lamb roll - but everything was well prepared and there were a lot of good bites to be had - great place!I picked up on dumplings about 8 months ago... and never looked back.  I'll start by saying that I don't love traditional Chinese food but there's something about dim sum that draws me in.  It's like you're eating a curious little tasty pocket ... the perfect combo of savory protein and spice, perhaps dab it in soy sauce or vinegar or chili sauce... and it's party in your mouth, so satisfying.
Bing Bing is an inviting experience like this.  It's a small place, so unless you come with 4+ friends, you'll be seated near to other diners. You'll see/smell what they're ordering... have immediate food envy... and want what they're having on top of whatever you're ordering.  The décor is playful and spot on for an Asian fusion dim sum joint.  
I've had most of the varieties of dumplings here - they're all very flavorful and leave you wanting more.  My favorite is the pork soup dumplings, I like trying them with the different kinds of dipping sauces.  The noodle dishes / Brussel sprouts / different fried rices... all super tasty.   
The Roast Pork Bao is not Chinese nor Asian... but it is heavenly.  One of my most favorite food items in the entire city of Philadelphia.  It's Italian roast pork meets sharp yet gooey provolone & long hots all wrapped up in delightful doughy bun that is first boiled (I think?) and then slightly fried.  You need to order at least 2 of these to share with the table.  I need to order 2.. just for me..at my desk right now, ugh, so good.
They also have homemade soft serve ice cream, flavors change all the time.  AND the cocktails are good.  
Bonus - when the weather's nice - dine al fresco and you get to people watch too!
I love coming here... it's consistent, always delicious and a great atmosphere.Good dinner
Excellent happy hour prices
Good choices for veg and meat eaters
Nice drinks too
A bit loud but I'm older than most thereWent there for Saturday Happy Hour. That's worth three stars right there. Don't find that too often. The bartender was super nice & attentive. Other than that, it was just "eh". I had shrimp dumplings & my drink was called "Bartender's Special". Tasted like a spicy Bloody Mary. Nothing wrong with it. It just won't make me run back there.Jeez, I don't even know where to start!
I began by waiting at the bar for my buddy to arrive, because they can't seat you unless your whole party is present. Understandable, since it is a small restaurant. As I waited, I noticed the decor immediately. Hand painted, Far-East style, but trendy and pretty humorous- definitely entertaining while enjoying my bourbon.
We must've sampled most of the menu, but I'll just mention my notables. The pork buns- my god, I could go back now and have them again. They were so good that I didn't want to eat anything else. The fried pickles were really good, pickle chunks not chips or spears. The lamb dumplings were also delicious, I'd suggest ordering 2, just in case!
Our server was very polite, not overly excited, but it was a dreary day. 
I highly recommend Bing BIng!We checked out Bing Bing during happy hour on a Saturday afternoon. We were able to park right next door, which was a huge bonus. We decided to sit and the bar and it was a good choice. The bartender was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered drinks and started in on the menu. We tried the pork bao buns (fantastic), scarlet dumplings, lamb dumplings, pickle plate, caterpillar bread, soup dumplings, spare ribs and shrimp dumplings.....everything was very good. This sounds like a lot of food, and it was but it was really good so we kept on going. We liked the shrimp dumplings the least but they were still ok. Service was fantastic and it's a cool, funky little spot to enjoy some food and drinks. We will absolutely be visiting again.Had some great dim sum last night! The flavors were amazing and the service was good. The only cons were that the value was not the best and it was quite crowded and noisy. I would certainly return.
Highlights were the turnip cakes and the lamb dumplings. DelishAmazing. Went with 2 friends and we ordered a lot! We tried every dumpling variety. All were very good but our consensus was the soup dumplings were the best!
We had the rice noodle rolls. Delicious. And the slaw on top really gave a nice contrast. 
Ribs... Can't even explain how much we enjoyed those! 
And the green beans! I could've eaten just those and been happy!
We also has the bubble waffle and the chocolate bao. Both were great but the bubble waffle was the winner!
I can't wait to go back for more soup dumplings and to try the rest of the menu! 
I literally was happy thinking about that meal for daysThe food here was delicious, but they mark items as gluten free that are cross contaminated- cooked in the fryer with breaded items and containing small traces of flour and other glutinous ingredients. Being gluten free is a serious health issue for some, including me, and not just a stupid trend. Be careful to ask questions about ingredients and preparation, even if items are marked. 
Update: when I wrote this review the owner responded to my review with an apology and replied to my specific concerns me with the following. I will update my rating when I am able to try again:
Thank you for reaching out. If you go to our website and check out the menu the items with a GF next to it are fully gluten free. When someone says they have an allergy we do not cross contaminate and we then cook everything separately. 
The 2 dumplings are made with wheat starch, which is certified gluten free. 
The brussel sprouts are wok fried separetely when someone is listed as allergy. 
The fried rice is fully gluten free when the pork is removed from the dish. 
The chicken rice bowl is fully gluten free. 
The other two veggie dishes are fully gluten free.
If you have any other questions please let me know. You can always ask for the Manager Rachael or myself if she is off. Shawn. Thanks. 
ShawnBing Bing delivers on a chill atmosphere, friendly service, and some wacky fusion options. The pastrami bao remains one of my favorite offerings. The food is well done, and there is no question about that. I was sold on the soft serve ice cream with a white chocolate/peppermint swirl. Seriously, get the soft serve.
The downside is that it's super easy to drop $60+ on a meal when you factor in drinks. I hate to be all "But in Chinatown..." but in Chinatown I can get more or less the same food for half the price. I'll be back, but unfortunately it will not be a regular stop on my food adventures.Loved it !! I recommend trying everything! The Roast Pork Bao and Green Mango salad was a favoriteAsian fusion that's more hipster than Asian fusion.  The Caterpillar bread was amazing BUT the rest of the dishes failed to impress.   The breakfast fried rice too salty, likely from the bacon, the marpoo tofu was agreed upon by 3 different Asians in our party that it was not marpoo tofu but just tofu with hot sauce on noodles. The lamb dumplings weren't seasoned well enough.  I wanted to like the turnip cake so badly, but alas. The sauce was as way too salty.  I think we each drank a pitcher of water by the time the meal was over.  Sad bc I remember liking this place a year ago and was embarrassed to have suggested this place to my friends.  Wasted calories.  
Also, the service was sooooo slow.  The servers were clearly chatting with the hostess up front instead of paying attention to their customers.I only lived in Philly for a year and I think this place was hands down the best dining experience I had. The dim sum was so good, and I can't think of anything bad to say.This has become the must stop on our passayunk happy hour crawl (which we admittedly have done too often). They have solid drink specials and a pretty revolving mix of food specials.  Order a few specials with some of the normal menu and you will leave very very happy.  The crispy lamb rolls, soup dumplings and pork bao buns are definitely the must try items here.  We have never been disappointed with the food or service...this is definitely a must for not just passayunk but any philly food fans.  Highly recommend...so much so that it compelled me to leave my first yelp review ever.Delicious dumplings, wonderful overall meal. Great service. More tapas style than I expected but nice variety. We had three dim sum plates and one noodle dish for two people. This was plenty of food. Will definitely be back!This is such a cute and cosy place. We got turnip cake, soup dumplings, lamb dumplings and shrimp dumplings. The don't care cocktail was really good. Staff is really nice and friendly.This place was eclectic and good. The food came out quickly and was good. We went on a very busy day and tried a bit of everything. The soup dumplings and lamb rolls were the best!If you expect nothing from anybody, you're never disappointed. ― Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar
Unfortunately, I think Philadelphia has a case of the opposite. We, as a city of foodie folks, expect the very best from our chefs. The new ones. The veterans. The young ones. The oldies (but goodies). And then, if they don't deliver to every single expectation.... Philly people get ticked. I feel like there's a general air of disappointment that surrounds eaters in this city when they enter a restaurant that's been hyped up.
Like those overly aggressive dudes that go into every bar, party, or pub ready for a fight, they, too, are looking for someone (or something) with whom they can take issue. I say this because I finally had a chance to mosey down to Bing Bing Dim Sum, East Passyunk's new contemporary dim sum spot opened by the fellows that brought you Cheu Noodle Bar. Everyone that I've talked to has given this place the typical "Oh yes, it was decent BUT __________." I'm here to tell you it was delicious.
I think it's perfectly cooked quail eggs and savory scrapple. I think it's an outdoor seating and happy hour that, though newly launched, brought joy to my tastebuds (and wallet).
Cumin lamb rolls were ON FLEEK. Truly, these were ethereal. Crunchy and filled with a tangy, stringy lamb. Oh, yes. Sure, it's not "bargain dim sum". But I don't think you'd want it to be. You pay a bit of a premium for something new, something different. And with dumplings like these, you get what you pay for. We enjoyed the jade dumplings full of shrimp and leeks, and a handful of other INSANELY GOOD gluten free options. Because, though I'm a gluten-lover, my dining partner was sadly not. Luckily, Bing Bing gets it. Beyond our Pac-man Buns, scallion pancakes, and the lamb rolls, we enjoyed a variety of gluten free options that tasted anything but.
Green beans with fermented garlic and crunchy fried quinoa, Fried cauliflower with shrimp salt, lemon, and scallion! The vegetables, our first two dishes of the night, were filling and delicious enough to make an affordable, tasty meal for one. But dim sum is all about MORE.
In addition to some scallion pancakes, we enjoyed a delightful set of (gluten free) ruby red beet dumplings full of tofu and crispy garlic, and a bowl of (also gluten free) ginger scallion rice, chicken, furikake, long hots, and a pickled egg that had me playing the fun game where you see if you can pluck single grains of rice using your chopsticks.
If your food tastes that good, you'll find a whole new set of skills.
Finally rice noodle rolls (GF) with garlic sausage, peanuts, and herbs.These rice noodle rolls came out last, after I thought I couldn't fit any more food in my belly. I was (luckily) mistaken. This nutty sauce, complimented by the hot chili oil Bing Bing has on each table, were full of garlicky sausage that both sated any leftover appetite, and guaranteed I wouldn't be smooching any vampires that night. Not that I'm into that kinda thing #teamJacob.
Sure, we went during Happy Hour so the prices on some of the items were a little cheaper. But between the four of us, each getting at least one (DELICIOUS) alcoholic beverage, we came out paying $100 before tip. I'm more than cool with that. Throw in a wacky, dumpling themed decor (they're everywhere. Even in the bathrooms) and you're in for a unique night, to say the least. And while I rarely encourage anyone to follow the advice of Sylvia Plath (for assorted reasons), I think she'd make a hell of a food critic.Cute interior. The food was good, the server double checked that we knew how to eat the soup dumplings (we told him we were experts), and the food was delicious. A little bit pricy, but it's so good.This place is really really fun, with an interesting twist on dumplings and dim sum food. We got a LOT of food, because it all looked so good that we wanted to try as much as we could. The pork soup dumplings were the best, and the spicy beef dumplings, jade dumplings, pac man buns and the green beans were great too. We got a pitcher of one of their cocktails, and it was a really gracious size. Yummy food, and great drinks. The decor is very young and fun, too. Just a great place for a dinner out.Before I die, one of the items I would like to have on my final plate would be the Italian roast pork bao from BingBing. They are simply amazingggg.
Recently visited 'BB' for a happy hour with a few freinds for the first time and I'm so glad we did. All of the items we had were outta this world, and to boot, they were discounted for happy hour. We had the green beans, Italian pork bao, soup dumplings, and this amazing pretzel bread thing (forget what it's called) and every plate was delicious.
Being a huge fan of their other restaurant, Cheu noodle bar, I had to visit BingBing and I'm glad to say I'm now hooked on both locations. Great job, guys! You will always have a fan in me!!This place is absolutely amazing. It's a small little gem with not a whole lot of seating so you want to come right when it opens / happy hour begins, otherwise you will be waiting a little bit. I was initially hesitant bringing my 1 y/o here b/c of the lack of room and his mischievousness. However, the staff was very friendly and understanding w/ him and brought him his own little ninja chopsticks for him to get distracted w/. Food came out right away, I don't have anything negative to say about it. They were accommodating when I asked for no pork in the fried rice platter. They also were quick to gather the steam plates off our table when we were finished with them. 
All in all, I recommend this place to everyone I know. The only thing I wish for is that this would be located in Northern Liberties to feed my addiction to their dim sum. 
Also, PAC MAN BUNS! - get those!I love dim sum and dumplings and was told this place was bomb. Overall I loved it! The place is cute and in a quirky little area. It has a small interior that is cozy and hipstery. The food was great- definitely not classic dumplings or bao. The taste overall was great- not the best bao I have ever had, but definitely would recommend for a little change of taste buds if you like chinese bao/dumplings.Caterpillar bun, any bao bun, and the short ribs are wonderful. Beer selection is pretty sound as well. Staff is attentive and cheerful. Will be back soon.If you're looking for a fun restaurant with delicious food and reasonable prices, look no further! My boyfriend and I recently went to Bing Bing and loved it! The atmosphere was unique and casual, the service was excellent, the drinks were unique and the food was delicious! The caterpillar bread was an amazing dish and super unique. We also loved the crispy lamb rolls with sesame chimi churi. They had really cool drink specials. One of which included a matcha tea drink with egg whites. The milk money cocktail was also wonderful. This was a great place to go for a date, but would also be an awesome spot to grab dinner and drinks with friends. I'll definitely be returning soon!Switch up some of the menu sometimes guys. And bring back the wings!! 
Love, 
a localGreat meal. Ben and Sean are food gods. Yet they don't let go to their heads. Sunday happy hour is a steal. Starts at 3:00. $5 apps. Lots of choices.Still 5 stars.. my favorite restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Service is excellent food is quality fresh and new as well as cocktails. Great happy hour, quick got take out. Keep it up!We dined here late last Sunday night. We opted to eat outside for a more quiet experience as the restaurant was quite popular. The service was spot-on. We thank Michelle F for her recommendations and attentiveness. Everything we ordered was outstanding. We enjoyed a pot of highly aromatic Lemongrass tea which was perfectly brewed and flavorful. A fine start to an outstanding meal. We shared our entrees of Red Curry Shrimp and Duck Wonton Noodle Soup. My taste buds headed into the stratosphere. The food was fresh, hot, flavorful, and beautifully balanced. The next time I'm in town, I'll gladly return to Bing Bing Dim Sum!In reality, is give it 3.5 but rounded up
1. Waiting. They call when your table is ready. This is a good call for a restaurant that doesn't take reservations. It's not their fault that all the bars in the area were standing room only 
2. Seating/ ambience- just note that you can be sharing a table w strangers, who are in their early 20s. It's OK, this is part of the experience. Speaking of young hipsters, this place is full of them. The decor is kitschy w a nod to Christmas lights seen @dumpy Chinese restaurants. The dumpling art wall in the bathroom was my fav decor. 
3. Food/ Value. This isn't dim sum in china town. This is interpretation of dim sum in east passyunk that is currently overrun w hipsters. Don't complain that it's not "authentic", it's not supposed to be. My suggestion would be ordering 1 of each item in the menu then double up if you like something.  All the dumplings were worth trying and creative. The sunny side egg on turnip cake was a nice departure from the original. Stay away from chicken wings - too soggy and sauce is not good. 
4. Drinks. Monkey shoulder is a perfect beginner scotch. I didn't try the cocktails bc I am too old to mix sugar and alcohol. But please, have either more beers on tap or get some bottled beer. Why do you force your patrons to drink brooklyn lager out of a can? 
5. Service. Friendly, but am pretty sure they hire based on persona than experience. Like, timing on when to bring out rice was all off.
Overall worth trying. Prefer cheu food / experience over this place but it's new and am sure will get better w more days under its belt.What a great addition to the neighborhood. I used to have a house down the street prior to all these great restaurants opening up. We dined on dim sum pork ribs, all delicious. Service was friendly and accommodating as we dined alfresco.Be warned: the service here is appalling. I have never been treated with so little respect at an establishment in my life. You will also have to wait at least an hour, which is fine, as long as once you sit down, it is worth it!Passed this place all the time. Decided to try some place different. Tonight that place was Bing Bing Dim Sum. 
Tried the Scarlet Dumplings, ribs and one of their rice dishes. The food was descent. It's a place where you go and sample a few things. I say that because their portions are small. If you're really hungry, this may not be the place to go. However, I'll visit again when I want something light.Each time I go to this place it gets better and that's saying a lot considering I probably would have given it 5 stars the first time I came in. The atmosphere is funky and laid back. There are little dumpling characters all over the walls and stringed lights throughout the restaurant. The place is not that big so you often have to wait for a table but the bar is first come first serve. They have outdoor seating as well for when the weather is nice. The beer selection is decent and they have some creative mixed drinks that are available by glass and pitcher. 
Food: You can't go wrong with anything! Everything I have had here is good but a few of my favorites are the Taiwanese beef dumplings, roast Pork bao and the wok fried udon noodles. The food is far from authentic but that is what makes it great. They always have a special that seems to change almost daily. Follow them on instagram for posts that will make your mouth water. Last night the special was a hand drawn noodle soup that was amazing.The drinks are incredible and very inventive. Definitely get a cocktail. I had a tropical mai-tai type drink made with gin and there was tapioca balls in the bottom, and I would drink that all day err'yday. The whiskey one that was spicy and grassy and INCREDIBLE makes me wish I were still a bartender.
The food was fine. I went two months ago and can't remember a single dish we had. The "creative" dishes missed the mark every time, and the more traditional stuff was unimpressive at the price point. 
I find the interior decor to be a little racist masked by being "fun and funky".
I would maybe consider going back for a happy hour when it's a little less expensive. I think the medium-to-fair food would be worth it then.
I just don't know what didn't translate to the new place. Cheu is SO GOOD.Spicy lamb dumplings...wow. Other dishes are pretty good.  They get crowded and the bar is small. Servers are friendly and they have ample outdoor seating. Dishes could be a little spicier but just my preference.Very cool, small, well decorated asian place. Small menu, meant for sharing. The dim sum portions are perfect for two or four. Get a pitcher of punch and a bunch of dumplings. Wasn't entirely thrilled with the bang bang chicken bowl, but the experience was perfect otherwise. 
Very clever; great addition to passyunk.Didn't love it. Out of 4 dishes I only would order one again the pork caterpillar bread. The filling was savory and the dough was flavorful.
The scarlet dumpling fell apart, not an excellent dumpling consistency. I'll admit I don't like spicy so the other two items are not on my radar chicken dumpling and cucumber salad. But my companions loved them, so maybe give them a go.The plates here are solid and taste great but there were several small issues that would've been insignificant on their own but piled up on top of each other. 
We ordered a pot of lapsang souchong and four small plates, cauliflower, caterpillar bread, pork soup dumplings, and double cooked ribs. They have a small basket of condiments on the table including soy sauce, black vinegar, chili sauce, and something in a mustard squeeze bottle. 
The caterpillar bread was one of the first small plates to come out and I wish it had been the last because it was incredibly sweet. The menu mentions "caramelized honey" but it doesn't prepare you for how the bottom of the soft, white, doughy roll will literally be soaked in honey. It was delicious but definitely not the right dish to start off a meal with.
The pork soup dumplings are alright. The dumpling wrapper is pretty thick and doughy, I'm used to the paper thin kind so it was kind of a let down. The broth tasted fine but the meat of the dumpling was underwhelming in the face of the wrapper. I wouldn't recommend the dumplings here. 
They provide you with very cheap wooden chopsticks that are shredded at the ends. Both my date and I suffered from minuscule splinters after dinner. I'm also surprised at the cheap plasticware they serve their food/tea in. I would have assumed ceramic teacups at the very least but it's the same level of quality as you would find in the houseware section of the large Vietnamese grocery stores on Washington Ave. What is the point of serving great lapsang souchong tea if it's in plastic?? 
The plates were good but it would have been nice if they had considered the order of the plates instead of serving them at random. I understand the idea of family style ordering but when it comes to small plates, it would be best to impose some sort of structure.I suppose it takes a special pallet to enjoy what's on offer at this restaurant - I don't possess that pallet.  We tried a fairly good example of what was on the menu; there is nothing that would tempt me to return.  This was a onetime unique Experience.I love this place. The food is delicious, and the staff is excellent. It had been a highly anticipated addition in my household, and has not let us down since opening. My only complaint is the small venue, and I swear, I always end up at that middle triangle table but I understand that you can't do too much about space. It kind of seems to be these guys' MO, considering the small venue of Cheu also. Warmer months create additional space on the sidewalk which is my favorite.When we got to try out bing bing dim sum they were out of the item we wanted. For such a limited menu it's horrible to run out of soup dumplings. For the price the portions are small and the drinks are weak. The atmosphere was fun but don't think I would visit againOur party of 2 was seated right away on a Friday night. The place is much more casual than we expected and we sat at a communal table. Right away we noticed it was extremely hot in the restaurant, almost unbearable. We tried to be reseated outdoors, but the wait was too long. Our service was pretty efficient and we each ordered cocktails, which were both very good, around $10 each. We shared 4 plates: the pork soup dumplings (our favorite of the four), pac man bun with shrimp patty, rice noodle rolls, and the pastrami bao. We didn't care for the pastrami at all but the others were good, however, our enjoyment was stifled by the extreme temperature. Would return for the fun atmosphere and interesting dishes.We had walked down the street on Valentine's Day and saw them making the dumplings through the window. Tonight we finally got the chance to go for dinner and we enjoyed every minute. I was glad we took the advice of another review and went early.  We were seated immediately and fell in love with the artsy atmosphere and caring waitstaff. I loved the jade dumplings, turnip cake and two vegetable dishes, pea leaves and fried cauliflower. We also had the soup dumplings and the pastrami bao. I didn't get much of those so they must've been excellent also. We decided to end the meal with the chocolate bao. We loved that so much we were fighting over the leftover chocolate dip. All in all a wonderful experience, I'm  glad we got to get some dumplings tonight! We will be backLoved the food although it is not authentic dim sum. My favorite was the lamb rolls. No complaints on the food. The price is twice as much as the Asian dim sum though.Food quality: 3 stars.  Value: 0. Would I go back?  No time soon.   Damn, that's some expensive dim sum.  Cheu is far better. Go there.Tried out Bing Bing on a Saturday night and they hype was justified! The place was packed and the vibe was electric. They had Tired Hands saison beer on tap, which is my favorite brewery and the beer just rocked. The waiter suggested 5 different dim sum plates which we shared and it was plenty of food and we loved each and every dish. We had the brussel sprouts, turnip cake, lamb rolls, caterpillar bread and shrimp dumplings.  The flavors were outstanding and the textures sublime. The music is loud inside and the crowd is young but it was not unpleasant. We will be back very soon to enjoy!!!Awesome dim sum restaurant from the same crew as Cheu noodle bar. The pork bao was a nice play on the south philly roast pork sandwich. Caterpillar bread is also very good.
Don't expect super authentic dim sum --- more like dim sum fusion.damn good stuff. not quite the level of what Cheu did for the scene, but damn good nonetheless, and worth seeking out.Didn't get what all the hype was...I suppose their dishes were interesting, but as most trendy hipster Asian fusion restaurants are, the food itself was not amazing especially for the price. We tried a variety of dishes at the bar, including some happy hour dumplings, a pitcher of alcohol (which was a good deal although not alcoholic). Pork soup dumplings had a weird taste; probably the best dish were the red dumplings. Overall not super impressed, but a fun vibe.As much as I love their other Ramen location, I have to be humble about my ratings for Bing Bing. The food was decent but pricey and lacked quantity. Chinatown can offer twice the quality and quantity for half the price. I hope they learn this lesson as these guys are brave culinary entrepreneurs and it would be great to see them expand. I also hope they open more ramen locations!!!For the last year, I've been stalking the opening of Bing Bing.  I live half a block away, so I'd peer in the windows, longingly, every time I walked by.  I voraciously read every single piece of news about the long awaited grand opening.  They finally opened in mid-February and my husband and I got a chance to visit a week or so after they opened.
Overall, I feel like it was not worth the anticipation.
When you first walk in, it's hard to remember the space was once a shabby Mexican takeout joint.  They did a nice job with the decorations (very hipster, but I liked it) and they made the most out of the weirdly shaped triangular space.  But then you notice the communal seating.  I do not like communal seating... on this visit, they put the two of us, side by side, across from another party of two at a picnic bench.  It was awkward.  I couldn't look straight unless I wanted to stare at a stranger.  
As for the food, the prices are pretty standard for a trendy, small-plates type of place.  I typically don't have a problem spending around $7 or $8 for a few bites of food, if said food is delicious.  Unfortunately, I was not blown away by our dishes.  Here is what we ordered:
PAN FRIED BAO     $7   (2) mushroom & smoked cheddar (V)
   - I thought these were ok, but $7 for two was a little too much.  It came with a side of homemade Russian dressing, which the busboy prompted removed from our table when I had taken maybe two bites of my bao.  Womp womp.
POTATO DUMPLING     $6  (5) horseradish & dill (V) (GLUTEN FREE)
    - yuck,yuck,yuck!  I did not like these AT ALL.  First of all, they were so bland and didn't come with a sauce of any kind.  Also, the consistency was just not good.  Also, why is it $6 for 5 teeny tiny little dumplings?  If they had seafood or some special ingredient, ok, sure.  But for just potato?
FRIED CAULIFLOWER     $8   shrimp salt, lemon, scallion (GLUTEN FREE)
   - This was my favorite dish of the night.  But really, it's not much different than the spicy cauliflower I can make at home.  And when I make it at home, I get entire baking tray for like $4.
TURNIP CAKE     $7   matzo meal, fried egg, maple, bonito (V)
    - This isn't something I would typically order, but I took the advice of some of my fellow Yelpers and tried it out.  I thought it was pretty good.  Definitely a different type of dish.  Of the dishes I tried, this was the only one whose price was on par with its portion size and quality.
Overall, A-OK is exactly how I feel about Bing Bing.  This won't become my go-to place on Passyunk but I would be interested in checking it out again and hopefully feeling more than just OK about this spot.Friendly service, delicious food (try the spicy cucumber), chill but funky atmosphere/decor. I'm only writing a review because I took my mom there on Saturday and she wanted to tell someone at the restaurant that the plants need watering (I promised I'd pass along the message).3.5 stars would be more appropriate I think. Tried the pork bun, shrimp dumpling, soup dumpling and chicken rice bowl. All were good nothing really outstanding. Very Hipster like atmosphere. I would always choose China town but it was rush hour and this was closer.I really wanted this to be great.  I am a fan of pastrami, but not a fan of pastrami bao.   I think some of the fusions at Bing-Bing are way off.  The scallion pancakes were one of the worst I've ever had, over-fried, black on the bottom and hard.  Dumplings and cauliflower were good, but nothing that I would ever go out of my way for.  Prices are much higher than traditional china town prices with much smaller portions... A freakin' 10 dollar standard waffle that came with a side of chocolate sauce?  No thanks!  Props for the beer selection and creativity, but I'll be continuing to go out of my way for nom wah and dim sum garden.I heard from some people they loved this place and some weren't impressed so I gave it a try to see what was up. I had a great experience here. First of all the staff is great! Everyone we came in contact with was friendly and efficient. 
Soup dumplings were Delish as well as the green beans. I loved the ginger scallion rice bowl too. The cold sesame noodles were good but a little spicy, which it does say on the menu. Our waiter saw we didn't eat much of these and when we said they were great just a little too hot for our liking he took them off our bill. Totally unnecessary but a very nice gesture. The only thing I wasn't super crazy about were the shrimp dumplings. Not bad just not as impressive as the other foods. 
Great artwork on the walls and super cool vibe. Thanks bing bing!Food is delicious I will recommend it to everyone. Chocolate bao is amazing I practically collapsed at the table. If you're in the mood for savory Asian with a twist please come eat hereI get it I'm a spoiled New Yorker. The ambiance is great and when we got there at 11:59 there was a line waiting for them to open at 12. Was it that inventive? Not really. I thought it would be like Red Farm in New York (pastrami egg rolls, etc.) but it wasn't. Everything was fine. It just wasn't as good as I thought it could be. But I am spoiled. So it's a cool place for Philly.Dined at this restaurant with a friend this evening. Could not speak higher of our experience. The food is truly inventive and flavorful. We sampled a variety of dim sum dishes and split the entree bang bang chicken. Everything was piping hot and delicious. The flavor combinations though perhaps strange on paper were so complimentary. We shared a pitcher drink as well which was delicious and didn't skimp on the alcohol content. Severs were all on their A game checking in and removing dishes promptly. Will definitely be back and am very excited to see such an inventive venture locally!So yourself a favor and remember the save room for dessert! The chocolate bao buns are AMAZING. I came here on a Wednesday night and there was about a half hour wait. My favorite thing on the menu are the soup dumplings, the Pac Man buns mainly because they have scrapple on them and the Pastrami Bao Buns. If your on East Passyunk Ave, this is a great addition to the street. If there is a long wait at Cantina, I definitely recommend venturing across the street and checking out this restaurant as an option!Loved the vibe here, service was awesome & food was delicious! Recommend the crispy lamb rolls & spare ribsAsian-fusion "dim sum" in a hip, trendy atmosphere with a prime corner location in the heart of E Passyunk/South Philly. Good for happy hour with nice specials, but don't expect much in terms of the food. While I love Asian fusion, even if it strays from traditional Asian flavors, this really falls flat (flavor is simply lacking). I don't go for a great meal, but I go for a fun environment with friends.Delicious food, great ambience and wonderful drinks. Definitely recommend for those looking for a fun restaurant for date or girls night out. Went with a friend and we tried a bunch of different items on the menu, but the spicy lamb dumplings, soup dumplings and caterpillar bread was our favorites by far.Great ambiance and even better food. The Taiwanese beef noodle soup is a must have.
Also the spice lamp dumplings.This place is amazing, the food, drinks, people, it just works. Outside of happy hour it can be expensive so that's only reason I won't go all the time. Definitely recommend!A funky, sit down restaurant that offers some fusion spin on dim sum in a delightfully playful manner. Walking in, it felt like a place I would find in Austin. Everyone who worked there looked like they were either in college or never got out of the restaurant business. The decoration felt like a dorm room that was spruced up for a frat party themed for Asia.  
They had a good variety of items to choose from, but I had to keep it focused since I was literally slipping this place in before going to Bibou. I chose the lamb dumplings, as well as the pork bao bun. The dumplings had a firm texture, that didn't fall apart as I bit into it. These certainly were not the delicately crafted dumplings of dim sum garden, but they were satisfying none the less. The word starchy comes to mind, but in a good way. The lamb itself had a great amount of gaminess. The meat was also marinated in a lovely zing of spice that provided a warm tingle throughout the meal.  
 The bao bun took my breath away! Primarily the garlicky, oily outside of the bun. It was so fragrant of garlic that I felt like I was eating some type of  Asian garlic bread. The pork had a great pork taste, but the lamb stood out more in memory. Still, the bao bun is totally worth ordering. Keep in mind, these are not normal bao buns in size or shape. They were the size of my fist and were quite filling.We've been here twice and both times we enjoyed it! Interesting and unique drinks. Fun fusion food with a quirky atmosphere.Great first night.   Cool decor. My friend and I loved the food. Service was attentive and even sweet.  Space is awkward.  No reservations? ok; but no take out?  a shame.  A bedfellow  restaurant to the 2 other places  cross the streets -- good eats and unhurried service  and lots of scruff.  Very welcome addition even with the imminent parking problems.  Hope menu expands or varies.  But recommended for sure.Bing bing is delicious. I stopped here in a rush for take out and had a quick beer at the bar. The ambience is open and pleasant. The weather was beautiful so the large floor to ceiling windows were opened to the street and there was sidewalk seating available. My food was quick and I was just as quick to eat it on my walk back. First bite of my shrimp dim sum and I felt weak at knees! It was so delicious! The dim sum was cooked to perfection and the filling was warm and soothing like hot soup on a cold day! Can't wait to come back and actually sit and enjoy myself! Thanks bing bing!Food was incredible, I especially loved the soup dumplings. Very cool atmosphere and vibe.
Knocking one star off (otherwise it would be a 5) due to the fact that we called and asked if we needed a reservation, and were told no because it was not busy. When we arrived 10 minutes later, we were told that there was a 45 minute wait. The hostess seemed annoyed to be dealing with us. But, the rest of the staff (including our server) were awesome and helpful.I love everything at this place. But the pork bao... out of this world. Get it, you won't be disappointed.Love the food, love the environment but the alcoholic drinks are super weak and the staff is generally rude (I have had a few nice servers but it's been very slim)Bing Bing is your cool cousin that you tell everyone about and want everyone to meet so they think you're cool too. That's why I'm telling you all about it, so you guys think I'm cool. 
A few things you should know:
1. These are not your grandma's dumplings. (My Grandma's Asian, so I can say that). They're not 100% Asian. And they're not 100% not Asian. They're a mix. Don't expect Dim Sum Garden, you're not in Chinatown. It's ok though. Different is good!
2. There will be a wait. Last night (around 8 on a Monday on a super cold night) it was only about a 20 minute wait. The host was great about stalking the tables close to finishing and giving us accurate time estimates, but there's not much room to stand around and wait.
3. It's dim sum. If you try to order your own food and not share with people, I will judge you. Sharing is caring, people. We were 3 people and went with 2 from each section and that was a good amount. Speaking of sharing, you might be sitting with people you don't know, because tables are communal.
4. It's a bit drafty by the windows, and you might not have space to put your coat. 
5. Cabs/ubers/lyfts might be confused about where to drop you off/pick you up. Tell them Morris and East Passyunk. (And pronounce it Pashunk, you noob). It's across from Cantina and diagonal from Birra. 
6. I repeat, you are NOT in Chinatown. Prices will reflect that. It was a little over 20 each without drinks. Great for East Passyunk, not great if you think you're in Chinatown. Think of it as somewhere in between.
7. They have some bottles and cans of beer, some beers on draft (although they were out of one), some great looking cocktails, and pitchers of some good looking cocktails. Will have to come back for those.
In order of preference I liked:
TURNIP CAKE - Turnip for what, you ask? For $9. You get crispy, you get sweet, you get yolk, and you are impressed.
PAN FRIED BAO ($7) - Pastrami. Comes with 2 and Russian Dressing. Tastes like globalization. MM. Delicious.
FRIED CAULIFLOWER ($7) - It's crispy and delicious and healthy cus it's a vegetable.
JUMBO SOUP DUMPLING ($7) -  Somewhat awkward to split, but delicious. Thai-like flavors.
CHOW FUN ($12)- Bigger portion, thick noodles with what tastes like bacon and cucumber, a bit spicy.
CHINESE OKRA- This is their take on crispy cucumbers. The fried onions are super crispy and delicious, and it taste more like ribbons of zucchini than okra, and has a little kick to it.
Note: this is just my preferences, and my co-diners had completely different favorites (but we all agreed on the Turnip Cake, so get that.)
Will definitely be back to sample more dishes and the cocktails. You should check it out too! Or don't cus it'd be nice if there was no line...Went here for the first time last night and it was okay. I mostly went because I wanted to try their soup dumplings and they pretty good, just not as good as Dim Sum Garden's in Chinatown and they were also kind of pricey $7 for 4. 
The seating was really strange, everything was communal. You either could sit at a large table with other people or in a booth with other people (unless you went with a bigger party I guess) but I went with 1 friend and we were seated in a booth with 2 other people. Kinda of weird...
Hoping they make vegetarian soup dumplings soon, I'll try this place again if they do.Cool, whimsical space, however the menu has really missed the mark, unless I'm missing the fact that Bing Bing'e effort represents an interpretation of dim sum and related cuisine:  the soup dumpling dough was super heavy, and significantly under streamed; pork bao buns tasted more carnival than Asian: super sweet, and over fried.  Staff was courteous, and accommodating.All I can say: Pork Soup mutha truckin Dumplings. Order them, bite off the tops, slurp the broth, nomz the rest of the delicate pork and perfect chewy dumpling. We ordered almost everything on the menu and shared it as we were a larger group and everything was divine. But GD, those pork soup dumplings, so good they haunt my dreams.I came in here on a Thursday night and it was packed. The hostess informed us that there would be a 45-1 hour long wait for 2 people, but if we waited by the bar we would be seated faster. Needless to say, we opted for the 10 minute wait by the bar. 
We ordered the Tiger Style pitcher. Delicious. Bourbon, ginger beer, tamarind and a few other ingredients that I can't remember. 
When we got to our seats, we ordered everything on the menu. I'm not joking. Everything. The dishes that stood out to me, were the rice rolls and turnip cake. Both are familiar in what you would get at a traditional dim sum restaurant, yet very different. These rice rolls were stuff with sausage and had a very nice peanut sauce draped over it. The turnip cake was topped with an egg and bonito flakes. 
I'm a traditionalist when it comes to dim sum, but then again, I've never had any dim sum that wasn't traditional. The price is a bit high for dim sum, but the food is well executed and not typical. I respect what bing bing is trying to do. I'm not sure if it's a place I would frequent (maybe for that tiger style pitcher) but it's a place worth checking out at least once. 
On a side note , the artwork and decor is very cool. The bartender told me that the artist's name is @ouchkick on Instagram. Check them out!UNREAL. Absolutely loved it. The beef noodle soup was excellent. The soup dumplings were on point and the lamb dumplings were superb.Phenomenal must-go spot. The menu is always evolving which shows the creativity of the kitchen, and it never disappoints! Recently had the lamb dumplings, crispy lamb rolls, and avocado rice and they were all incredible.Everything we tried on the menu was delicious. (Every item of the dim sum menu.) the table favorite was the pork dim sum, we purchased two. You could distinctly taste the flavors of each item you were eating. The waitress was exceptionally friendly. We were seated outside and as it started to rain they moved our table to a dryer location (the awning was a bit drippy but not consequential). Additionally, she was very attentive to us, for drinks and additional food orders. The location is nice, with outdoor seating. I definitely recommend this restaurant, but be aware you may need to wait awhile for a seat, given its popularity. (We went to a nearby bar for 30-45 minutes and waited for their phone call.)Went here in a saturday afternoon. It wasn't really crowd and got seated right away. I originally was seated sharing the same table with another party which was kinda weird. I know some restaraunts do this but it was really feeling this so i asked to be seated outside. It was hot outside but it was a good decision bc it was hotter inside. Alright, back to the food. I got the pac-man bun and it was amazing (despite not being a fan of scrapple). The rice bowl was ok and the beef dumping that chili sauce was amazing. Just be careful when you bite into the food because it was too hot (in temperature). I burned my tongue. The only thing i was not a fan if was the pork soup dunpling. It was kind of bland to me. The server was fast and polite. Can't wait to try the other items next time. IMO it was on the pricey side ie. $7 for 2 pac-man buns.Bing Bing is something I want to love more than I actually do. 
I'm always up for new dim sum competition, though this is strictly a more fusion-y/hip sort of experience than the classic Chinatown places. My partner and I hit this place up in August and tried a good number of the dishes. Each dish has some sort of twist to it that makes it interesting in theory. However, I felt that a good number of the twists failed to really stand out. Or worse, they made the dish kinda...worse? 
For what it is, Bing Bing is a fun one-time thing in a really cool space. But the quality of food at that price point isn't drawing me back for more.I lovvvvveeeeeed this little cute Tiny place. It's such a hipster, retro  vibe in there that I really enjoyed. It's very small and tables are close to each other but the food makes that insignificant. The soup pork dumplings were sour, salty and sweet.(just amazing) the catapillar bread was flaky and full of flavor , crispy lamb rolls (lamb cooked perfectly , crunchy wonton wrap and fresh and the soy pork noodles OMG home made noodles from scratch , FULL Of flavors but yet delicate and simple. I had a win their white wine called VIHNO VERDE I'm usually a dry white wine type but this one had a very very very mild sweet note but so extremely fresh it was really really good. Service was great.I love the owner's other venture, Cheu Noodle, so it was a natural step to try this right away.
Bing Bing does easy cocktails and snacks right. I often find myself wanting to go out for drinks and food, but without committing to a large/pricey dinner. This place nails that. Most dishes are around $7 for four dumplings. Larger plates are available too, like cold sesame noodles (back by popular demand?) which are perfect for a hot summer day.
There's something for everyone. All types of beers, wine, and cocktails, vegan options, gluten free options, and sugar free options (even with cocktails!). Think about it for a minute, how hard is it to find a casual bar that nails all of those? Really hard!
Food is spectacular. Try the jade dumplings, or lamb cumin rolls. The wings are also pretty fantastic. Happy hour specials are on point, and change often. Service is great too. I once ordered dessert (bubble waffles, you gotta try them!) and a fuse broke on the waffle iron. They gave us another free dessert while we waited, then totally came through with the waffle anyway! 
One small, teeny, tiny criticism: Seating is limited so you may not get a great table, or a table at all. There is a large communal table in the middle so if you are looking to have some intimate conversation, this may not be the place. However, that's really the ONLY negative.Loved the vibe of this corner joint and graphic wall art! Started with some well-loaded shrimp and kimchi dumplings, red tofu stuffed beer dumplings, and classic pork soup dumplings sprinkled with some black pepper, which were all quite delectable!  
Moved on to some sweet BBQ pork caterpillar bread, which was filled, fresh and fluffy. Ended with the sticky rice topped with healthy greens, avocado and tomato salad seasoned with cilantro ginger dressing and classic sautéed string beans.
A filling, but light afternoon dim sum experience with great, friendly service!Pretty interesting  restaurant. This was my first visit to E Passyunk. I was pleasantly surprised with their dishes. We were extremely hungry so ordered basically everything on the menu. I enjoyed everything we ordered except pork soup dumpling. It was corn and bacon based so the soup was little greasier than others but my friend enjoyed it. 
I did enjoyed their bun, Taiwanese dumplings, xo sauced chicken wings, turnip cake and scallion rice dish. Yum yum yum. Dishes could be spicier side since they are not afraid using chili oil and sriracha sauce but they were delicious to me. 
Sitting outside and having a Dimsum?! Sounds Awesome to me.Of course they would be packed on a Tuesday night, however while we were waiting, the bartender kept us entertained and well informed about what to order. The space is fun and vibrant. The staff very friendly and helpful. Everything we got was very good, I just wish they had more of a selection. The soup dumplings were phenomenal and the turnip cakes were delicious and playful with the dancing bonito flakes on top. The house made ginger-beer was a little disappointing as it lacked real flavor.After coming here for 6 or so happy hours the staff started recognizing my girlfriend and I, thereby making our great experiences somehow better. Every piece of food and drink we've had has been creative and delicious. It's hard to critique near perfection. Maybe they should put something bad on the menu to make it easier.monkey bread ? something like that on the menu is to die for ! all the food was super delicious and came out quick. no wait for a table and good serviceEverything we ordered in the form of a dumpling was quite tasty. Side highlights were the green beans and the cauliflower, the green beans especially. The wings were quite good as well, in fact, our daughter referred to them as fried perfection. Speaking of, there were two kids at the table, one 8, one 7 months, and the servers and hostess were quite accommodating. We were there for early dinner and were seated outside. The place was pretty full by the time we were in the thick of our meal. Again, everything we ordered was delicious and, as we were told when we ordered, comes out when it's prepared and not all at once. This was actually really cool because it was timed perfectly . . . done with one dumpling, out comes the noodle bowl, everyone gets a share of that, out come the wings. All in all, it was a really good dining experience with great food, good service, accommodating staff, and maybe slightly high prices for dim sum, but well worth it. Good selection of drinks and beers as well. I recommend you at least try it. If anything, just to see how much South Philly has changed over the years. Good Luck Bing Bing.Did not meet expectations. Ordered 3 items all came out 15-20 minutes after each other, and only the lamb egg rolls had any real flavor. If you are in search of actually good soup dumplings head to dim sum garden and don't waste your money here.Not that being half Japanese gives me any street creds when it comes to writing up a restaurant that serves Asian cuisine but WOW!
I've had Pork Baos before and was expecting the usual gummy, doughy but tasteful bun but THIS was amazing!!!  A twist for not only was the filling a delectable delight but the dough was crispy on the bottom!  
Everything that we ordered broke all of the conventional rules of this style of cuisine and my colleagues and I were blown away!
To add to our great evening, the staff was spot on professional, cool, polite and SO efficient!
Cannot say enough about this hip place to do it justice! 
If you're in the Philly area and you have a craving for Dim Sum or any kind of great Asian fare, you would be remiss not to try this place! 
That's just my opinion and the experience that I had.Bing Bing was a super hit! The food was great and we shared it family style.    
- Scarlet dumplings: aka the only veggie dumplings on the menu.
- Fried cauliflower: cold dish, average. 
- Mapo tofu: Holy MOLY, definitely the best dish we ordered. So good we ordered one more. 
- Avocado rice bowl: warm and exactly what it sounds like. 
- Cold Kung fu noodles: cold dish, but really good. 
They don't take reservations so highly recommend coming in small groups. We came in a group of 4 and had to wait an hour before being seated. So naturally we got drinks at a near by cocktail bar called ITV, a place I also highly recommend. 
Can't wait to try Bing Bing's drink selection next time!This was my first dim sum experience and I'm a believer!  My friend and I split four of the dim sum options: pork soup dumplings, lamb dumplings, spicy lamb rolls and the caterpillar bread.  Four turned out to be plenty for us since we were hungry but not starving.  All four had great, complex flavors.  The lamb dumplings, for instance, were marinating in a blend of African spices, and they were right on the money.  The meat was cooked to perfection in all of these dishes, especially the pork in the caterpillar bread.  The waitress and the server who brought our food were very helpful, providing us with sauce-pairing suggestions and updated drink lists.
I recommend sitting outside on a nice day, but the inside is a must-see, so hit up the restroom at least!!It's amazing. Hands down the best I've ever had. We always eat in because they can't deliver the soup dumplings.  Makes sense. Hard to transport. We went last night. Got there early because it fills up and Saturday night  (like any other top philadelphia restaurant) gets really busy.This place = greatness. I love dim sum, but I generally do not enjoy the atmosphere of such places that offer dim sum in this area. However, Bing Bing has forever changed that. 
First, the soup dumplings are amazing. Prior to my visit, I had never heard of them. Now, I dream about them often. The drink names are hilarious - I had the "Spritzer Jawn" and it was everything I dreamed it would be. 
I can't wait to come back and try every other thing on the menu.OMG this place is amazing, I went on a Sunday afternoon, and it was PACKED. I managed to get a seat at the bar, the server was extremely nice. The place is decorated nicely but is dimly lit (some type of red light). Anyway, I ordered the spicy lamb dumplings... AMAZING but not spicy at all and the caterpillar Bread, also AMAZING!!! I was full after those two and my meal cost me all of 12 bucks. Great place, great food, & great service.Interesting food offerings. Loved the pork dumplings, fried green beans, fried cauliflower and mussels, especially the dipping bread.
The pastrami bao was too chewy and mushy and the sesame noodles were spicy but too me, lacked richness in flavor.
Still a worthwhile visit and will return for the wings and more dumplings!My favorite addition to the East Passyunk scene. A great vibe - no matter when we go it seems like it's hopping. It is a little small given its popularity, but we seem to find a place at the bar with regularity. Cocktails are creative and they mix in new ones fairly often. The dim sum is a perfect mix of styles and flavors. The short rib congee was off the charts good. This hipster hangout has become a go-too for us more mature fun lovers with good reason...Every time I'm in Philly I get Bing Bing. The place is run by hipsters, but don't let that fool you. The food is better than most Asian run dim sum restaurants. Never had a mediocre bite here!I came across this restaurant with my boyfriend on Saturday when we were at the fall festival just up the street. We arrived just in time for the happy hour special. He ordered the spicy lamb dumplings and I ordered the tofu vegetarian dumplings. The dumplings were good. I felt as though the service was very slow.I am very appreciative that there are both vegetarian and gluten free options on the menu. all of the dumplings came out steaming hot. Hot as in you need to let them cool off a few minutes before putting them in your mouth. 
My friend and I had two dishes of dumplings, green beans and he turnip cake between the two of us and I felt like I could've had another dish to be satiated.
I was also completely enamored with the wallpaper in the bathroom and the mural inside. I love the decorating.
I think the layout of the tables is a little strange, but otherwise this place is worth a visit.Went here on an early Saturday night.  Had about a 10 minute wait which wasn't bad at all.  We were seated inside in a booth with other people, which I find a bit strange, but wasn't bothered by it.  I just didn't realize everything inside was communal seating.  
I kind of knew going in that their food wasn't going to be as good as dim sum garden in Chinatown but I had high hopes.  The food was well executed but was just lacking in flavor.  I'd even say that the food was bland for my taste.  We had the jade dumplings,  shrimp patty bao, rice noodle dish, and the wings.  The food is pretty expensive for what you're getting, but considering the area its in it was expected.  
I think for most people just getting into dim sum this is a good place to get their feet wet, but probably not a place I will be frequenting.Six months after my first visit, I visited again for their happy hour and I just had to bump them up a star.  Because their happy hour (especially sitting outside) is awesome!
First of all, the hours for happy hour are pretty good- M-F is 5-7 and then Sat and Sun they have one from 3-5.  They have five selections of food that are $5 each.  Drink specials are:  $6 cocktail of the day, $2 high lifes. $1 off drafts, and $10 happy family pitchers.
When I visited, the cocktail of the day was this delicious mix of chai tea, whiskey, and apple cider.  Sounds weird but it was awesome.  We tried one of every $5 plate.  They were:
Italian Roast Pork Bao-- these buns were awesome!  Lots of roast pork stuffed in those lil' buggers.
BBQ Pork caterpillar bread- this was my favorite of the dishes.  The sauce was super tasty and the portion size was large
Scarlet dumplings- these were my least favorite of the 5 dishes.  The dough is made with beets (hence the name) and stuffed with a tofu mixture.  it was good- just didn't blow me away
Chicken dumplings- I really liked these as well.  Pretty standard dumplings, but I enjoyed them
Cucumber Salad- I was surprised by this dish.  The cucumber was sliced thin and there were chunks of tofu.  The portion size was pretty big- I'd order this again.
I think the first time around, I was turned off by the communal seating, so I really enjoyed sitting outside at a 2 person table.  Also, we could bring our adorable puppy Louie to happy hour with us, so that's always a plus in my book.  I'll definitely be back for more happy hours at Bing Bing!A modern twist on Chinese dim sum
Having loved cheu noodle bar, I was excited to sister restaurant.
I ordered soup dumplings, roast pork buns, lamb rolls, spicy cucumber, and turnip cake.
The dishes all took on classic dim sum dishes, but the flavor was able to capture the nostalgia of classic dim sum but introduce new flavor profiles into such beloved dishes.
It was a great experience and a great example of how to take Asian cuisine into American CultureI was hungry for soup dumplings so we went back on 6/2/2015,  enjoyed the Bicycle Kick drink and okra but this time we tried the cold sesame noodles which were amazing and the ice cream dessert which was creamy and delish. I am having trouble deciding which dessert I like the best (prev. review).I'm on the dumpling train and I'm staying on. Really though this place is great if your in the mood for dim sum.
Paper lanterns, twinkle lights & crazy anime wallpaper greets you as you walk into Bing Bing. 
We brought our kids (Yelp said kid friendly). Other tables of kids as well. If your kid only eats chicken fingers not the place for you. 
We went during happy hour w/o rez so a 1/2 hr wait at 5ish. Ordered a soda for the kiddos (thrilled cause no soda at home) and the $5 bartenders choice cocktail which was a sweet bay breeze normally not a sweet drink person but it was good.
Waited on by Nat who was a great server with a sweet approach. He offered some great suggestions and we ordered them all.
Started with the caterpillar pork roll. Yes Bing yes. Savory pork rolled in bread topped with dark honey. If you go to Bing Bing a must try.
Kids had the pork soup dumplings. Excellent they ate every bite. Bite off the hot tip to let it cool & drink the delicious soup out, fun and yummy. They also had the soy sauce pork noodles . Big bowl of salty soft noodles with veggies. Very good and perfect for sharing.
Next my fav the sweet & sour brussels sprouts... oh my! My kids ate them... my kids NEVER eat brussels sprouts. My daughter said it was better than a chicken nugget?! What?! Sweet glaze with a little kick of red pepper rings. I could of eaten that alone and called it a night.
Hubs had the bbq ribs and rice. They are salty but I love salty and the meat was tender. Decent portion.
I had the General Tso's rice cakes. Not what I expected but good none the less. Slices of soft rice cake in a savory sauce with veggies. Kids tried and liked it as well. 
Oh forgot to mention the grown ups split a pitcher of blue drank. Happy hour $10!!!Absolutely loved this place. Good vibes inside and friendly service. 
Highlights were the jade dumplings and the Brussel sprouts. Can't wait to come back.I liked the fun interior and the funky food concoction concepts here. It was all tasty, too, but I can't say the pricing made much sense. $7 for four tiny dumplings is kind of absurd. 
We came for the weekend happy hour, so that was good timing. Their beer selection was small, but well-chosen. We mostly order a bunch of items from the happy hour food menu, and our favorite was, by far, the roast pork bao. Delicious!
I'm not sure we'll be coming back too soon given the prices as compared to more authentic dim sum places elsewhere in town, but obviously that's not really what people come here looking for anyway (or, at least, they shouldn't!).I had been meaning to try Bing Bing Dim Sum for a long time, so when I finally got a chance a few weeks back I was so excited. I actually didn't realize it was a fusion spot until getting there (fusion gets dangerous because it's hard to do well), but I figured I'd give it a shot since I was already there. Overall I was disappointed with the dishes. The price makes it even more disappointing. 
Ordered the
--Roast Pork Bao - a roast pork sandwich in different packaging. I would take any other bao over this one. It was just a bad combo. 
--Spicy Cucumber w/tofu - really great! Light, refreshing, and a little tangy. 
--Pork Soup Dumplings - the pork was fine but the skin was a bit too thick (making the dumpling somewhat bland). 
--Soy Sauce Pork Noodles - more expensive and a little less flavorful than ones you'd get in Chinatown.
If you like really like Chinese food, then I suggest you stick to ChinatownSo much hype surrounded the opening of Bing Bing that I guess I was expecting more. Ambience and decor are not terribly important to me but I must say I really don't care for the way the place looks and the use of Christmas lights is particularly painful. In most all respects they are trying too hard to be "cool." They were out of three different items when we went, including the lamb ribs which I was planning on getting. I suppose that can be partially attributed to having just opened but still it was disappointing. Service was basically fine although several different people kept coming up to us and asked the same questions (had we ordered drinks, etc. etc.). It looked like they were actually a little overstaffed and the servers were walking around in circles looking for something to do.
The food was actually quite good. The dumplings were really not much different than what you'd expect to find at a traditional dim sum place. My big problem with this place, and the reason for only two stars, is that it's WAY too expensive for the amount of food you get. The soup dumplings (order of 4) for $7 is really steep and also $7 for four "jade dumplings" and those things are TINY. "Crispy little fishes" were also $7. Are these made of fish?? The menu doesn't say. Anyway they were mostly breading and tasty but again a very small portion and basically a ripoff. Dim sum is not supposed to be expensive but if you think you're going to come here and get a meal for $20 you can forget it. And while the dumplings are good, they are pretty much on par with Dim Sum Garden, and not better. Ben Puchowitz may be adding his "creative" touches to them but I'm not interested in paying double for creativity or novelty. I'm a big fan of Cheu and find their portions/prices much more reasonable. The "chow fun," a noodle dish with chinese sausage and jalapeno, was a dish that could easily be found on Cheu's menu and for the same price ($13). But at Bing Bing the portion was not more than 2/3 the size of the Cheu noodle dishes. Am I imagining this?
It's probably just as well that I'm not stoked to come back because I'm sure it will be super-crowded for weeks on end with all the 20-somethings obsessing over the hippest new food joint.
P.S.--if you are looking for truly amazing dim sum with a huge selection and reasonable prices you will not find it in Philly. Jing Fong in NYC is the place to go.I just didn't think the food was very good.  I live down the street but I won't go back. A lot of hype for nothing.Very limited menu. pay 15 dollars for a bowl of rice. Service not the best, they brought the dumplings but no the chop sticks after 3 minutes.Great food... they change the menu up frequently. Super staff. Love new takes on classic foods. Outdoor seating, good beers, and sake also a plus.Looks delicious! Too bad it's always 110 decibels! We tried to eat here a couple of times but it's so unbelievably loud with blaring music we got it confused with a rock concert venue and figured we'd go to a restaurant instead. We did measure the decibel level and it clocks in at 100-110.Delicious and inventive food in a relaxed, fun atmosphere. I love their lamb dumplings and Philly-style roasted pork bun. Their happy hour menu is full of winners, and they even have happy hour on weekends!Watched this place coming together across the street from my job with much anticipation. The wait paid off.
The bartender was friendly. The drinks were good. The straws are oversized so watch you don't accidentally hoover your drink. Had a vermouth on the rocks as my second drink which was a treat because good vermouth isn't offered everywhere.
The communal table was different and fun. 
The staff was communal as well. Every person working was friendly and professional and added to the experience, even the owner was working the whole floor. The person who brought our dumplings explained how to eat our dumplings without burning ourselves. He did it gracefully without sounding like he was schooling us.
Camden, the runner?server?, gave us recommendations on the menu and was dead-on with every pick. Thumbs up to the pea shoots, the Bao filled with pastrami, the soup dumplings and the turnip cake. The kitchen also sent out the cauliflower which is a rainbow of tastes: smoky, spicy, sweet and savory. A bowl of chow fun came too and it was so good we crammed in every last bite even though we were extremely full.
Can't wait to go again.It's good food. Service is great! My only comment is, the soup dumplings didn't have any soup in them. Ok, one more comment, it's really good food but its very Americanized Asian flavors.I came here with my girlfriend for some delish eats after some Saturday day time shenanigans and what did we find? DIM SUM HAPPY HOUR. Mother of Jesus, I've been saved. Monday through Friday 5-7pm and Saturday and Sunday 3-5pm. We sauntered in around 4 and snagged a seat at the bar and the rest is history.  We ordered the scarlet dumplings and lamb dumplings which were gone in seconds.  To add some veggies to the mix we opted for the cauliflower which was savory and delicious. The Italian Roast Pork Bao was out of this world good as was the caterpillar bread.  A definite must order, you wont regret it.  Lastly we finished off with the cold Kung Foo noodles. Excellent. I can't wait to come back. I love this place!!DO YOU LIKE BING BING? miguel remix 
a short poem 
do you have a soul?
do you like dim sum fusion?
well me too, me tooI am definitely tired of hearing from people that this place isnt authentic. Its not supposed to be. Just read the description on their website. Their food is influenced by Asian cuisine, not trying to replicate it. If you want pure authenticity and tradition, go to Chinatown. Rant over.
We stopped in here on a rainy Tuesday evening in and were able to score a seat immediately. The overall impression we got was, order a beer instead of a cocktail, at least the two we tried, and come back over and over again for the food. The miso ramen soup dumplings were seriously outrageous. The broth was rich and flavorful and flowed out of the dumpling with the first bite. We also tried the jade dumplings which were probably my second favorite. The green wrappers were stunning to look at, and they were packed full of deliciously cooked shrimp. 
The pac man bun, fried cauliflower and cold sesame noodles were damn tasty as well. The flavors are alextremely well developed. The bun was stellar from texture to flavor, and having it filled with quail egg and scrapple is just plain fun. Having cauliflower fried is just about the only way I want it anymore. It just tastes so darn good. With a touch of Asian flair to it via Asian spice, it was perfect. The cold sesame noodles were the biggest surprise of the night for me. I didn't think I was going to enjoy them as much, but the flavor was huge. It packed quite a kick, and the texture added by the breadcrumbs was phenomenal.
Dessert was just kind of boring. I know bubble waffles are a Hong Kong dim sum thing so I appreciate the reference to classics, but it wasn't a showstopper. The ice cream flavors were again kind of plain, and although I thought the kafir lime crumble was super interesting, the ice cream was just kind of an afterthought. 
We really loved all of the food that was had, other than the dessert. It wasnt bad by any means, but just wasn't good enough for me to want to order it again. I say go for the whole menu of dim sum items, order a beer, skip dessert and enjoy!Bing Bing. An Asian fusion dim sum joint on east passyunk. Run by two white dudes from south Philly. As a concept, it makes as much sense as a football bat. 
First, East Passyunk. This is an overlooked district in South Philly. An eclectic collection of stores, bars, restaurants, Pollyodd (the only Philly Limoncello joint and worth its own review) and many independent fashion and art galleries. If I could aspire to be cool, this is where I would hang out.  But I'm not, so I don't get here enough. 
Interestingly the big facial hair and plaid shirts common in northern liberties and Fishtown have not found their way here yet. But there are plenty of ladies with plenty of ink. Which is hot. That's how I roll. 
This is a place to stroll, grab a drink, pick up a bottle of 'cello and chill. Give yourself a few hours, make a night of it? You won't be disappointed. 
So now you uber'd over, why Bing Bing? It's a strange place, decorated with custom graffiti and laid out like a weird 1982 kitchen, everything about this place is wrong. There are, by the way, plenty of other places to eat a few yards away. Good places. Normal places. Safe places for Mexican or Italian food. Dare I say it, boring places. So we sat down at a small table on the sidewalk, and we ate. We ate a lot. 
We ordered the spicy lamb dumplings, shrimp dumplings, mapo tofu, fried cauliflower, and surf and turf fried rice. Ok it was a lot, we were hungry. No judging?
Everything was simply excellent. Well spiced to be flavorful and spicy while not overpowering. There is chili oil on the table for the folks who need a food induced sweaty forehead. Perfectly executed. Food comes as it is ready, so order, sit back and enjoy. Portions are decent, with appetizers to share a decent bite at $6-7, entrees largish at $12-16. We spent $25 a head on food and it was a lot for us. Service was terrific, attentive and not intrusive. Polite, efficient, helpful.  Flawless. 
There's a good selection of PBC beers on tap, and good selections on bottles. Locally themed cocktails are well balanced and flavorful, the Sake Balboa and Spritzer Jawn were perfect for a summer evening. Blue Drank and Left My Wallet In El Segundo are available by pitcher. 
If you have missed this neighborhood you should check it out. This is how people remember South Street, even though it was never really like this. If you check it out then Bing Bing is a must to eat. Because something this wrong, badly laid out, ethnically inappropriate and totally out of place? You have to try it, sometimes it's cool to play football with a bat.Drink specials were cheap but really not that great/watered down. The dim sum is fusion and a bit too trendy at the expense of good old fashioned authentic dim sum.Craved this place following Kung Fu Panda, obviously. 
This is also a great place to recommend going to with your vegan and gluten free friends. 
Everything is great. Love the dumplings. Can't go wrong. At least I didn't.If I ever went back, it would be for some drinks and a snack. But if I want dim sum for a meal, I'm going to Dim Sum Garden. The soup dumplings were good, but 4 for $7? Rip off. I'll take my 8 for $5.75 at DSG. The crispy curry dumplings were somewhat flavorless. The meatballs were tasty, but also overpriced. The highlight was the wings. The only dish worth what you spend, but unfortunately not enough to bring me back, unless I happen to be in the area.Atmosphere is perfect when you walk in. Staff addressed right away. The happy hour had good deals. The food was incredible. Happy hour appetizers are smaller portions but super tasty.
Will come back many times to keep trying new treats. Great place for a date night and not breaking the bank.Love love love this place!  Has an amazing happy hour.  Bartenders are friendly and great.  Get the soup dumplings, catapillar bread, roast pork bao and the turnip cake!  You won't regret it!  I miss the Nutella bao and the bubble waffles.  But the ho made ice cream is yummy!  This place is a must!Great prices on happy hour but few options, drinks specials i only get to try the happy hour $2 high lite beer. Get the stuffed bun and the chicken chorizo and cucumber salad on happy hour and they are good.I would love to give this place 5 stars, the food was fantastic, the service was great. They had the radio so loud I couldn't talk to anyone. It was so loud my ears were ringing when I left as if I was next to a speaker in a concert. There is no reason to spend over 100 bucks on food and have blasting intolerable music to where you can't think. Hopefully the owner reads this and realizes this can really hurt your business. Not everyone wants blasting music in your face while eating, and I'm a musician.I tried Bing Bing for the first time last night and I have to say that I'm glad I did. A quick glance at the menu tells me that they're breaking all the rules, doing things like putting lox (a lean protein) in steamed buns (traditionally filled with fatty meats). But honestly, that's okay -- a culinary mind @*ck can be a good thing. 
We ordered the miso pork soup dumplings, turnip cake, half order of ribs, and the happy fried rice. Although I couldn't identify any miso flavor, the soup dumplings were actually good enough to pass in Chinatown. The turnip cake -- usually my favorite dish at dim sum -- was not a winner for me. The matzo meal yielded a dense rather than light texture and there were few chunks of turnip. The extremely tender ribs were marinated in a sweet and salty chashao sauce -- good but not impressive. Finally, the fried rice was delicious -- full of flavor with tender chunks of roast pork. However, I could not find the crab in it. 
All in all, I think Bing Bing serves some tasty, interesting dim sum. Was I mind &*cked? Not really. But I might return.Great atmosphere and super nice hostess.  We went on the early side (5ish) on a Saturday.  We had to wait, but were able to find seats at the bar.  The hostess came over and let us know when the people at what would be our table were paying the check so we knew we would be seated soon.  I had a delicious tequila cocktail.   The food we ordered was great--an udon tofu and mushroom dish and the soup dumplings were my favorites.As a child, I remember standing in my great-aunt's kitchen as she told me about the decades she had spent learning dim sum dishes from her mother, and how dim sum (点心) meant "touch the heart" because you put a bit of your heart into each dish. So when I first heard that two American guys had learned dim sum from some Youtube videos and less than a year's time spent in Hong Kong, then opened up a dim sum place on Passyunk, I was, to say the least, skeptical.
I finally stopped in for a weekend happy hour the other day, and quite honestly, I enjoyed each moment of the meal. The lo bak go is my favorite in Philadelphia - it has strong flavors and fantastic texture, and the fried egg and bonito flakes certainly add an interesting twist. Though the scarlet dumplings, colored with beet and filled with a delicious blend of tofu, beet, and pungent garlic, were not the most expertly formed, the flavors were wholly new and extremely enjoyable. The roast pork bao, a behemoth of a bao, was generously filled with a flavor punch of juicy pork. We also enjoyed the lightly brined, vividly colored, and refreshing vegetable selection of the pickle plate.
Service was excellent - our waitress was happy to explain the menu to us and inform us of the happy hour drink special (a very tasty gin-based shiso drink), and items arrived promptly. The restaurant itself feels like the kitschy sort of bar you might find in the expat section of a major Chinese metropolis (complete with multicolored Christmas lights) - but it actually worked well with the brash creativity of the menu.
Philly Chinatown needs to catch up. Two (clearly extremely talented) American chefs are wholeheartedly committing to their vision of Euro-Chinese fusion down on Passyunk - and they might be serving the best dim sum in the city.This place opens up pretty late. I don't know how you try to do Dim sum in Philly, but Dim sum after noon on a weekend....... Ewwwwwwww you hipsters, but who knows you could be on to something.Make sure you check out their menu and realize that it's got a contemporary twist to dim sum. I was hoping for traditional, push the cart around and pick the small plates you want until you're done. Oh the plus side, the dishes were tasty. The beet dumplings seemed like the dough was soaked in beet juice vs. having beets in them, but still good. My favorite was the radish/tofu cakes.OK so I was ready to love this place.  Its in my hood, its getting rave reviews, and its WAY cute on the inside.  Their menu is inventive, they have fun drinks, and its expensive.  The only way pricy places stay in business is by being awesome.
I went with 3 girlfriends for a girls night last night, and what ensued can best be described as 'meh'.  It wasn't that I didn't like it.  It was more that everything was fine... but nothing blew my mind.  Nothing was amazing.  I'm not craving a single thing again.  It was all fine.
To recap, we ordered:
Soup Dumplings, Mushroom and Cheddar Bao. Jade Dumplings, Poppyseed dumplings, Sesame Noodles and Fried Cauliflower.  Our plan was to try an array of stuff that sounded appealing, and then double up on what was amazing to fill up (they recommended 3 items per person).  After we finished these 6 items between the 4 of us, we opted to take our calories to Capagiro for some gelato instead.
Again- not sure if its just me... the service was really friendly, the decor was great, and again i love supporting the neighborhood, but the food in chinatown is cheaper, and way tastier.Came here is a decent sized group, including a pair with food no-no's (one vegan, one who couldn't eat shrimp.  I think I can speak for everyone when I say we left satisfied!
So, start with drinks.  The bartender recommended the Fingertrap, so I went with it.  Then I had another.  Then I probably had another.  Yea, it was that good.  Get one.  Oh, they have other drinks too, including a decent beer selection.
For eats, we pretty much sampled everything on the menu.  Soup Dumplings, Pan Fried Bao (pastrami & swiss), Jade Dumplings, Crispy Curry Dumplings, XO Chicken Wings, Char Siu Pork Ribs, Turnip Cake, Fried Cauliflower and both desserts.  Yes, the vegan didn't really get a fair deal, but he didn't complain.
I think the wings won out as my favorite.  Apparently they have or are cooked with shrimp, so that meant more for us.  Sorry, didn't mean it to turn out that way, but more for me.  They were easy to eat with plenty of meat to enjoy.  Not quite as spicy as I imagined, but good nonetheless.  Next win goes to the ribs.  Tasty meat that seemed to just fall off the bone.  Would you believe the fried cauliflower was my next favorite?  Yea, it was good.  Soup dumpings next, with plenty of juice (take care while you eat and use one of those mini-bowls to enjoy what may escape.  The turnip cake surprised me, in a good way.  I mean, putting a fried egg on top of things usually doesn't do it for me, but this dish balanced well. Both the  jade and crispy dumplings were decent, although the crispy didn't really taste enough like curry.  Honestly, the fried bao I could probably have done without.  It just seemed a bit dry.  Don't worry, they have plenty of other options (as highlighted above).
Desserts.  Yea, we have them both.  Enjoyed them both.  Don't think I could rank them.  If you prefer chocolate over coconut (or the other way around) then decision is made.  Or you could get both... just sayin'
Service was good.  The place was clean.  And considering how small it is, I didn't find the wait that bad - especially since we confused the hostess my changing party size a couple times.
Alright, I can't say anything more other than get here and check it out.Fun fusion restaurant with good cocktails and really good food. And the price for a night out in that area for food that good is nearly incomparable. Get the caterpillar bread. Skip the lamb rolls.We finally made it up to Bing Bing after a nice day of traveling around town. Not only did we find a stellar parking space we also managed to make it in for their happy hour! 
After 1 cocktail, (yes 1 i was driving). I realized this place was mega hipster and trendy. Lots of bizarre haircuts and face jewelry walking in and about this joint. It's a nice place considering I always expect hipster places to be extra annoying and uncomfortable. 
What this joint lacks in clientele they make up for with food and drink. I mean the caterpillar bread could be sold out of a dirty bag, and i would ask for seconds. My drink was delightful too. ;) 
I'll wait until the spring to give this place one more chance to get a 'real' landscape of what to expect. I really felt like an outsider today dining with the locals. Just wait for my follow up review.I love this place. Such a cute place, food is great, service is amazing. Never have a complaint. I recommend this place to everyone. I never have a problem.Bing bing is all that and dim sum. (sorry, couldn't help myself). I literally need a thesaurus to find words to aptly describe the flavor fiesta bing bing is every time I go. Indelible, unforgettable. Far and away my favorite restaurant right now. The menu is the product of creative fusion ingenuity. 
Some highlights include the soup and tawainese dumplings. The soup dumplings are filled with a savory miso soup encapsulated by a doughy dumpling wrapper. The tawainese dumplings have a nicely minced hot pepper relish atop crispy fried wrappers, with a shredded meat filling. The shrimp dumplings have such nice shrimp inside it resembles the texture of lobster. The udon noodles are difficult to put down. The lamb rolls have a thin crispy wrapper. 
Get to bing bing early for dinner or go during the weekdays to avoid the longer lines. In my opinion, one can skip the pitchers of alcohlic coctails they feature (to be fair, I generally don't appreciate mixed drinks, so my views on this are certainly biased). The mint and eucalyptus tea (forget the actual name) wasn't as strong as I was hoping.So I've been here before, and have had nothing but good experiences. But this time I decided to eat in with my boyfriend and the bar tender was far from friendly and attentive. He had a very unwelcoming attitude, and made us feel awkward. I'll definitely give this place another try but they need to teach their staff how to be social. I don't like feeling (especially being a server myself) like I'm bothering someone who is taking my order.This was a nice change from your typical dim sum. Think of it as hipster dim sum. In a fun area with a lot of murals. We got there right when it opened on Sunday and got a table. They have sake and fun cocktails. The dim sum had different and interesting flavors. The soup dumplings were solid. The lamb with cumin dumplings I liked a lot. Enjoy.Bing Bing is So So.
After two very expensive visits here, I have reached my conclusion to never come back for food. It's a shame, the vibe is nice, the service is solid and the decor is super cute. Their drinks are cute, the bar staff are kind and so those Happy Hour blues may bring me back some day.
My dairy allergic boyfriend and I had to dodge many menu items. It gives off a warning vibe of Asian Fusion of mashing Italian and Chinese items together.
Both meat and vegetarian dishes alike are a bit underwhelming. Their BANG BANG tofu was everything but "Bang". Raw tofu slices with a red pepper mix sprinkled on top with some pickled daikon. They had a special potato dumpling that were just 4 pierogies (at 300% the cost of what a pierogie should cost at a restaurant). Their spicy cucumber salad was probably my favorite item but probably because it makes me want to jump over to Cheu. The udon noodle dish? Small for the $14 (or $16) price tag and relatively over oiled. The beet dumplings are beautiful to look at but a bit messy and missing a flavor kick, even with the sauce. I was told the lamb rolls were a solid dish and probably my date's favorite
Bye bye Bing Bing. I really wanted to like you.Great happy hour bites, but you have to get the pork dumplings. There are cheaper ones in china town, but I don't think you'll find better ones without venturing to NY.This place is a gem on passyunk Ave. have the soup dumpings and the house rice. All dumplings are good. Service is on point. Love this place. So different and delicious. Beef dumplings and pork dumplings tooIn the midst of the wonderful food scene in East Passyunk, this little jewel features a Fernet cocktail, good wines by the glass and an interesting beer list.  But the star of the show are the wonderful dumplings made from scratch.
We showed up early on a Tuesday night (too early, in fact!...they open promptly at 5 PM).  We walked around, visited the great Urban Jungle store down the street and came back at 5 to ensure one of the coveted (and limited) spots at the bar.  
The service is fantastic.  It's friendly and efficient.  The Fernet cocktail was as great as it sounds from the menu.  We shared the mushroom and cheese bao dumplings, the Turnip Cake and the rice rolls.  Everything was really fresh and expertly prepared.  Dumplings tend to be heavy-handed (too oily or stuffed with fatty pork, etc).  But not at Bing Bing, where they are well-balanced and have the perfect seasoning.  The preparation (I have no idea how they accomplish this) is fantastic and no unnecessary oily aftertaste is evident.
We had a great meal.  The space is inviting and welcoming.  There is plenty of outdoor space and the indoor tables seem great for larger parties.  Great experience overall!This place is fun and well-decorated and twinkly and everything you would want in a fusion Asian-Jewish soul food mashup. Service is great, and they have a pretty extensive beer and cocktail list. I went with a small group a few weekends ago, and we ordered one of everything to try off of the dim sum menu.  The standouts were the pork soup dumplings, the turnip cake, and the crispy cumin lamb rolls.   
My problem is the pricing.  The ambiance inside is that of an unpretentious, friendly neighborhood dive, but the bill definitely didn't reflect that. I know that it's hard to own a small business, but serving 4 soup dumplings for $7 when I can go anywhere else in the city and get 8 for $6 seems a little absurd, no matter how unique or trendy the restaurant concept is.  In all fairness, it looks like they have a great happy hour deal, so if we return it will be for that.Great food, awesome atmosphere just like at Cheu. The service is great, all the employees were very nice. This is my second time here and not disappointed. The soup dumplings are fantastic nearing the best in the city. Bing bing has a plethora of other great small plates. Get here and try it.Heads up. This is not legit (authentic) dim sum. I'm used to family style on a cart, Bing Bing was NOT reppin dim sum, but that's a post for a different website. What was probably the most disappointing aspect of the experience was that it was over priced with very small portions. Ordered the Chicken Avocado Sticky Rice...the rice was not sticky rice, it was very soft like polenta, again not authentic. Also it was so very small, and for $13.  Every time the server brought a plate of food to the table, my entire party just started at each tiny portion in shock, we were all, "That's it??" - If everything was under $9, maybe they could get away with it, but even the most expensive entree was very small. We all left like, "Are you still hungry?" - You would be more satisfied eating a $2 pizza slice over spending $20 at Bing Bing.Have only been here once, but I wasn't bowled over by the experience.  Menu is creative, nice atmosphere, waitstaff did fine.  The food was ok, I can't say truly memorable, but I enjoyed my wings and bubble waffle.  I appreciate quality over quantity, but when you figure in portion size and price, there's less motivation to go back.  Some in my party with heartier appetites left a little disappointed.Welcome to Bing Bing Dim Sum... lots of lights, lots of action, but where's the h2O? Remember when you were just young drinking from those plastic cups? Well here it is again. The bitter sweet nostalgia of Coca-Cola glasses. I see what they were going for, but... They missed the mark. The glasses were tacky and don't get me started on the ice cubes. But watch out... I'm already started.
I swallowed approximately ten (10) ice cubes at my stay at Bing Bing Dim Sum. This is four (4) more than my average for any three star restaurant. Be careful when going to Bing Bing Dim Sum. Maybe get a soft drink, just not water. Food good, water not good. 
- Soupdude45The flavor is so so good! And all the food is served quickly like 5min so you dont have to worry about waiting. We went here twice on our trip to Philadelphia and both times the exact same quality of food and fast service. This is not authentic or traditional dim sum but it still tastes amazing but that said it is also not the usual $3 a dish, you will pay around $8 but the portions and flavor are filling. It is an experience of itself so go without expectations, very fun exciting atmosphereI didn't understand the hype. Really. The only things I could figure is:
1. Everyone loves this place because there isn't a dim sum place closer than Chinatown.
2. They have a full bar.
3. Cute decor.
4. Outdoor seating on E. Passyunk.
Other than that, 
1. Get the soup dumplings. Those were truly amazing. 
2. Do not get the absinthe drink. Not the best.Love this place. The food is so good nothing else matters. The service was exceptional. I will be a full time customer.Stopped in here last night after I read an old foobooz article about where to get the best dim sum in Philly. **disclaimer..Bing Bing was not on the list** But I assumed it was slightly americanized so dining partner decided this would be the best (most convenient) spot after getting the Christmas tree. 
We luckily snagged the last two seats at the bar which is sort of a tight squeeze when dining with chopsticks but not enough to complain about. The bartender greeted us as soon as we sat down, got us menus and waters, let us try a sip of the house wine before ordering a carafe. 
We had a few questions on the menu but landed on the soup dumplings and the roast pork bao. I like how the food comes out when it is ready..the baos came out first..absolutely delicious..not quite as pillowy and soft as traditional baos but I think these worked best with the dish itself. The soup dumplings came out shortly after..the food runner asked us if we needed any tips on them and we graciously accepted. This was much appreciated as I am petrified of a burned mouth so usually i stab them with the chopsticks, let all the hot fluid drain out and basically lose the whole point of soup dumplings. She also helped us with the sauces on the bar and what we should put with what and how she likes it best. Again..greatly appreciated.
After our appies, we ordered the tan tan noodles which were AWESOME! slightly spicy and definitely shareable..we took home about half. The bartender even suggested best re-heating practices!
We rounded out our evening with a few more cocktails that I can't remember exactly what they were called..mine was a Gin and his was a bourbon with milk? 
Overall super cool spot and I would be happy to frequent here, my favorite aspect (other than the food) was the helpful and friendly staff!What can I say besides EVERYTHING IS GREAT?!
I only recently discovered this place in South Philly and now they are coming to Fishtown, too!  The pork bao is amazing and I don't even eat pork. This is the one exception I'll make for it. The caterpillar bread is incredible, the ribs are good, the vegetarian dumplings... MMMMMAll in all, Bing Bing was a decent experience.
Got the pork soup dumplings, jade dumplings, and the rice rolls. Also ordered the seasonal sixpoint beer (Abigail) and the Lapsang Dance cocktail.
Pork soup dumplings had a great texture from the dough and pork, but the broth lacked flavor. The person sitting next to me kindly offered to trade one of his kimchee soup dumplings for one of my pork- and I preferred the kimchee one. It had more depth of flavor and a great spice. My boyfriend said at the end of the meal that the Dim Sum Garden soup dumplings are better than the ones here. I may have to agree.
Jade dumplings were the best shrimp dumplings I have ever had in the city. The inside of the green dumpling dough contained large fresh shrimp, not the tiny shrimp typically found in the Chinatown restaurants. 
The rice noodle rolls with the sausage were just ok. My boyfriend liked them a lot but I was not a huge fan of the prominent fennel flavor coming from the sausage. The peanut sauce was delicious though!
The Lapsang Dance cocktail was just ok as well, and definitely not worth the 9$. It is a shame that you cannot just get a glass of the "pitcher" cocktails. Those seemed more interesting and exotic. 
The atmosphere was a bit strange. I am all for communal tables and sitting next to strangers, my issue was with the narrow-ness of the place. The servers kept bumping into my boyfriend, and people were grazing my back as the passed the entire meal. It was a bit distracting and annoying after awhile. Service was a little spotty, but that is expected with a new restaurant.
I would probably come back here to try some other stuff, but it's not a place I feel the need to run back to as soon as possible.Great food! I went last night with a group of 9 people. We made a reservation and were seated promptly when we had all arrived. The food was delicious. Definitely recommend the soup dumplings. All the food was great. The service was attentive and nice.Mediocre. How is this place so highly ranked? 
The bao- super greasy
Caterpillar bread- pork had zero flavor and the bread was super bland 
Turnip cake- saving grace, sauce was really good and flavorful 
Super hipster dim sum wanna be placeBing Bing is a rip off. 
We left hungry, $200 poorer and butt-hurt from the overpriced, unsatisfying meal. Do yourself a favor and go to a normal Chinese restaurant for dim sum
We waited an hour for a table. Went across the street to the Cantina for a drink while we waited. The hostess said she would call us when our table was ready. She didn't. We came back at 8PM to find out not only did  she not call us, but gave our table away. We waited another 20 minutes for another table.
The food took FOREVER and came out sporadically. Some of us got to eat, some didn't.  At this point it really didn't matter if the food was good or not. We would have eaten anything.
We were literally starving. 
Our bill for 4 people was $200.00. I got 4 tiny dumplings, a small bowl of noodles and 4 small begnet / doughnuts to show for it.
This is just like the tapas/small plate scam that is rampant throughout the city.The food comes out and it looks enough like other traditional dim sum dishes, but the flavors catch you off guard and blow you away. The soup dumplings and pastrami bao were top notch, but I think the pea leaves and the turnip cakes were our favorites. Just like I said, they look unassuming, but I'd like to know how they cooked those innocent looking pea leaves to taste so god damn good. The chow fun was like spicy hand torn noodles at Cheu. And we split one of the big drink pitchers between two people, which worked out perfectly. The cocktail was crisp and flavorful without being overly sweet. The menu has lots of different stuff on it too. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the dishes.Not a fan of the food. The flavors are a bit off and each dish is way over priced. It would be a fun date spot though since you can get dim sum themed food with some strong drinks.I can't believe that I have to pay for such a bad meal. It is not a dimsum place, it's just "Asian fusion" with the mimicking Asian cuisine in the cover of Italian food. The dumplings were oddly sour, and the papaya and green mango salad was tasteless. The table also smelled bad and the servers was not so helpful. I won't be back here, considering I've been always a generous reviewer and a foody. Maybe this works for those who haven't tried the actual dimsum or want to try something more creative.Live around the corner. It's usually popping and they did a good job renovating this place from the previous hole in the ground. I love the large windows and how you can see the entire restaurant, including the kitchen, from Passyunk Ave. The food is pretty tasty, with a different variety from the rest of the Ave (which is mainly French and Italian), and they have really good drink pitchers.I tried going here with my parents.  I called ahead to see about availability.  They said they had a table opening in 20 minutes and after that it would be another long time before something was available.  I asked to put my name on the wait list as we'd be starting to walk over now.  They wouldn't.  They said we'd have to walk over and hope it was still available.  No thanks.AMAZING! One of my favorites spots in Philly. They have a great happy hour special so if it's your first time it's a great chance to try a couple dishes - even though everything on the menu is delicious! Definitely try the Bao buns and soup dumplings. We usually go for happy hour and split about 5 or 6 dishes between 2 people. Everyone is super friendly and laid back and service is excellent!Bing Bing dim sum is absolutely worth the visit. From the decor to the staff to THE FOOD. Brianna was personable and gave great recommendations when we weren't sure what to order. She suggested that it was typical to order 2-3 items off of the menu per person. Our party of 3 ordered the pork soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, sweet and sour Brussel sprouts, crispy cumin lamb rolls, ginger noodles, and Chinese bbq ribs. Great portions- thanks Brianna! Everything was worth it, especially the Brussel sprouts and ribs. If you're a gin drinker, the lazy afternoon is for you. All in all, it was a wonderful experience and I will absolutely be back!Awesome! Get the okra appetizer it is awesome and fresh/A mixture of cilantro and okra. The pork soup dumplings are amazing, the are like pockets of wontons with pork and broth served with a spicy sauce and topped with bacon- 4 in a order is $7 and you will want more that one. We had a pitcher of a citrus sake drink called Bicycle Kick , for $28 we had more than 4 full glasses.  We also had mussels which were good but nothing special. Dessert was great, the Chocolate Bao is puffy funnel cake balls with a chocolate banana dipping sauce, although the banana flavor was not noticeable but they were great.Fantastic food! I'm enamored. My friends and I just fell in love with this place tonight. The Pork Soup Dumplings were spectacular. I can't wait to go back again and again!Food here is so damn delicious and the mixed drinks are perfect. Located in one of my favorite areas of the city east passyunk. Not too pricey. Only small issue I had was the portion sizes, but that's coming from a glutton so what do I know about portion control. Go hereMy boyfriend and I tried here for the first time last weekend and it was AMAZING.  We were pleasantly surprised with how much we liked the food.  The one struggle here is neither of us like seafood and most of their food has seafood components to it so we were limited to what we could order.  However, everything we ordered was awesome.  We got the pork soup dumplings, chicken wings, and rice noodle rolls.  Every one of them unique and delicious.  The chicken wings do have a shrimp paste used in the dressing which you can tell their is something unique in the sauce, but I would never have guessed it was shrimp paste.  We will definitely be coming back and buying most likely the same exact thing...maybe doubles of everything ;o)Amazing! Tried Bing Bing last weekend and I was blown away. Most amazing meal we have had in a long time. I can't wait to go back. It's a great date spot. Just FYI they only take about two reservations an hour so it's best to put your name in 45 minutes before you want to eat then grab a drink at the bar or in the square. My only negative feedback is that the waitress could have been friendlier and more helpful with menu choices, but we still had an awesome experience.First, you can never go wrong with dim sum, why? Well, because you can try out so many different dishes that if you hate one then you move unto the next. Bing Bing Dim Sum brings a little Chinatown into East Passyunk Restaurant Row of Greatness! It's within walking distance from my house so it makes it better. 
We went on a Wednesday evening around 8:30 and it was still packed. We happily grabbed the two seats at the bar. The bar tender was friendly, attentive and explained some of the best items on the menu. We ordered the soup dumplings, jade dumplings, fried cauliflower and XO chicken. 
The soup dumplings were great, juicy and flavorful and the ginger soy is a great touch. The Gluten Free (which doesn't really matter to me) Jade dumplings was yummy, I highly recommended but you only get 4 pieces. I loved the seasoning on the fried cauliflower, very different but I wish it was a little crispier because it really didn't have the "fried" touch to be called fried cauliflower, it was more sautéed, I feel. The XO chicken was amazing! You definitely have to get the XO chicken unless you hate or allergic to seafood. Seafood? Why? Well, the bartender explained it, something about crushed up dried shrimp used as seasoning, I didn't catch it all but I caught every morsel in my mouth. It was delicious!!! 
I'm looking forward to going back to try out the other items on the menu. The place is small so you may have to wait. I love the decorations, it had a very young and fun look to it. I wish the menu had more to choose from like the great dim sum places in Washington Avenue and Chinatown. They do recommended 2-3 items per person but if you love food, I would definitely go with 3 or more.this place was such a game changer i had to yelp about it. portions were respectable and flavors were different and appealing and heightened. i got about 5 different menu items and split them with a friend. i'm always hesitant to try fusion eating because it takes away from the authenticity. but this was elevated and still authentic. i'm so hype to try more things. i cant believe i took so long to get here.The food was just okay. We ordered the Caterpillar bread,  the lamb egg rolls and a shrimp dumplings. The lamb roll was delicious. The dumpling lacked flavor and the bread was okay. If you're looking for real dim sum, this is not the place for you. This is more of a tapas place. Very nice decor and ambiance.Not bad for a fusion style dimsum but not at all satisfying.  The soup dumplings are the star with tender skins and a very flavorful broth but the measly 4 little dumplings for $7 as compared to authentic shanghai soup dumplings at Dim Sum Garden where 8 come for 6$ seemed dissproportionate. There is no wow factor to justify the cost.  It would have been nice to see there decor however it was too dark to enjoy. We ordered 5 dishes plus dessert split between 2 people and left hungry.  So yes, it is pseudo asian and will most likely satisfy a pseudo asian palate.I went there twice because I wasn't sure if my disappointment from the first visit was justified. I really like the decoration - its super cool and the bar is cute, but all the rest - blah. Its no Cheu.. and I really like Cheu. My husband said that we might didn't ordered the "right things" - but I thing that each item on the menu should be right..
They made adjustment to the menu which is great - since that big shrimp dumpling was simply bad. The green beans are okay and the turnip cake is fine. 
The drinks - does magic box has all that ingredients in it or I was just got a poorly executed one? and why finger trap tasted like ginger and ice.. I don't even want to mention the tiny shot glass portion that we received. 
I am planning to visit again - Cheu is awesome, I have faith that this place will get better in time.I went back just for drinks on a Monday night with two friends. It was pretty crowded when we arrived in the last half hour of happy hour (5-7pm) and there was a lot of noise in a small space. Definitely not a first date location.
We started off with the "Blue Drank" Happy Family pitcher which was mostly ice and very, very weak. It was a little too sweet for my roommate so I ended up drinking the entire thing and it really didn't do much other than make me feel slightly ill from all the sugar.
My friend ordered a separate gimlet and said that it was a lot stronger than the pitcher. The service was really great and we stayed for a while and weren't rushed at all (and we were sure to tip well to make up for our long stay) but the drinks were a disappointment.I love Bing Bing! The food is delicious and the service is fantastic (not to mention the drinks will knock you on your ass). If there is one item that is a must it's the turnip cake. I don't really like egg and even I love this delicious little treat. Also, try the cauliflower. This may sound silly with all the amazing dumplings on the menu, but it has made cauliflower-haters into believers. Just be warned that it's a small space so if you go during prime hours there will be a wait. My recommendation is put your name on the wait list  and go to Bottle Bar for a drink while you wait. It'll be worth it.Thank Goodness I locked myself out of my house because I got to visit this neighborhood joint finally and figure out my sitch over some seriously tasty vittles. I only wished my boyfriend had been with me so I could have had someone to wax poetic over the sumptuousness of the ridiculously delicious sautéed greens (I swear they sprinkled crack or some such addictive substance on them--) the menu rotates and two weeks later and my second regretfully alone Again-though this time in addition to the very friendly gal bartender who also seems to be a regular --and quite an apt elixir witch I might add--I also met two friendly neighbors who were happy to share their reviews on all of their sampling that evening and steer me in the right direction --I had the green beans done the same way and if not equally delicious or quite as "leafy--green" healthy --still scrum diliumptious nonetheless. And the DUMPLINGS....oh the heaven of it, where do I begin ? The sauce delectable , the dumpling covers alas, not of the nasty , don't waste my time, thick and pasty sort, but equal parts delicate and yet hearty and heart(h) warming---something like Grandma would make to comfort you or fatten you up. The only not -absolutely stellar thing I had was lamb ribs--I like the fat on a ribeye, but these were too fatty and not crisped enough at that, but the sauce was delicious. I'll be going back again and again And again:) great addition to the nabe! I DO wish they would add a few more healthy or at least salad options to round out the digestif, but alas, I'll just fit in another run when I go.Eh...an Asian-White fusion. The taste wasn't really authentic but I guess it's a good twist to the Asian cuisine. 
However, it's a great place to try... Nice atmosphere and the waiters were friendly but I wouldn't go back. The taste just wasn't up to par and I think it's kinda expensive for the small quantities that they give. Good to try during happy hour..The drinks were also just pretty but not exactly tasty. I suggest you go to Cantina Los Cantillos across the street..drinks are definitely better.This was my first dim sum experience and I'm definitely a fan! The food was amazing and the place is cozy (but kind of loud), overall a great spot. I recommend getting a few dishes to share :) that's what my cousin and I did--here are my thoughts!
1. Taiwanese Beef Dumplings. So flavorful, perfect amount of kick.
2. Sweet & Sour Brussel sprouts: Every time I go to a restaurant with sprouts on the menu, I have to give them a try! These were perfectly prepared, slightly crispy and crunchy with a delicate sweet and sour sauce. I would definitely order these again.
3. Turnip Cake: we ordered this at the recommendation of our server. So unexpected and delicious! The texture might put some people off, but overall this dish is like nothing I've ever tried before.
4. Wok Fried Udon Noodles: delicate flavors, very fresh and light for a noodle dish. Would definitely recommend.
I can't wait to come back and try more dishes!The food here was descent, but they mark items as gluten free that are cross contaminated- cooked in the fryer with breaded items and containing small traces of flour and other glutinous ingredients. Being gluten free is a serious health issue for some, including me, and not just a stupid trend. Be careful to ask questions about ingredients and preparation, even if items are marked.