Staff is incredibly helpful and the food is great! Try puff pastry and the halibut. They are amazing.Best french restaurant in all of Philadelphia and I'd venture to say best french restaurant I have ever been to.  The food is always executed perfectly and the service is amazing.  I have never had a bad meal or even a sub-par meal here.  Consistency is the hardest thing in a restaurant and this place just "gets it".  I'm not a big "bread person" but their baguette and butter is out of this world!  The atmosphere is beautiful and I love the ambiance of the dining area.  I usually get the seasonal salad, seasonal soup, and the veal sweetbreads and am never disappointed.  The wine is delicious (and a great value) and my fiance loves their selection of absinthe!Normally I do not review a restaurant after one meal, but there are exceptions. This is one. My wife Karin and I are BYOBers. However, for our two anniversary days, one when we met and four days later for our first date, we like to visit top notch restaurants who have a liquor license. We chose to have lunch at Bistro La Minette for our anniversary. What a wonderful treat that was.
Ambiance: it was quiet on a Saturday afternoon. We like the feel of the room, simple, clean, airy. 
Service: our server Lily was wonderful. She was professional, friendly, interesting, knowledgeable. We enjoyed chatting with her. She added much to our experience.
Food: was tasty, well presented, flavorful and, at times, wow moments. We chose the lunch prix- fixe. Karin had the chilled pea soup with creme fraiche and mint. It was like eating in the garden. She chose the trout for her main. It was very good, loved the fingerling potatoes. I chose the escargot, a classic French dish. Delish. For my main, I chose the oeufs du pecheur, a very, very tasty dish. Baguette toast, two poached eggs, mussels in a tarragon cream sauce. The sauce was absolutely divine. For dessert, we had the chocolate pot de creme and the puff pastry with pastry cream and raspberries. Wonderful. The baguette was cooked in house and it reminded us of Paris.
We were treated to a small glass of Banyuls, a Southern French port like dessert wine and a Sauterne. Thanks.
With the check came two chocolate truffles, placed on a large serving dish. The dish was decorated with chocolate wishing us a Happy Anniversary. A wonderful touch and a wonderful finish to a great lunch. We won't forget that experience anytime soon.AMAZING!  My boyfriend made surprise reservations here for our anniversary.  Apparently reservations were a little tricky a week ahead of time and after experiencing dinner tonight I completely understand why!  We started with Frog Legs and a Salad - both fantastic (my boyfriend refuses to eat salad but actually liked this salad!).  For our main course I had the Faux Filet Sauce au Poive (black pepper-crusted New York strip with pomme puree and bacon-wrapped haricot verts) which was not only the best steak either one of us has ever tasted, but honestly the best meal I've ever had!  My boyfriend had the duck, which was new tonight so I cant give a better description because it's not on their menu yet, but it was as delicious as the steak.  We kept trading bites because neither of use was willing to give up a bite without an equal trade - haha :P
We're grad students so we can't afford fancy meals that often but this was definitely worth it!  We'll certainly be back the next time we have a special occasion.When my wife and I  first dined here...she just smiled. 
She lived in France for many years. 
We have both dined many times in Paris and other areas of France and Europe. 
A true experience in the quality, outcome of the product, ambience,  and overall cost. 
Nothing more needs to be said. 
Keep up the good work.My family has been coming here for many years.  We have also been to France many times. This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.  The service is impeccable and the food is consistently excellent.  Try the escargot app and rabbit entree.  Really great!Have dined here several times, but last night was over the top wonderful... They now offer a chef's tasting menu that is a superb value (5 or 7 courses) we chose five with wine pairings... (similar chef's menus at snootier places in the US would cost about four times this and not be any better...say "Inn at Little Washington" which we visited this past fall). We actually were given more than five courses but lost track. For 55 dollars you cannot beat this (wine pairings an extra 20 pp). Not each guest receives everything the same making it even more fun - they will give you the option to include or exclude anything that you really want or do not want. Kir Royale came first, On the food side we started with snails in the most amazing butter garlic sauce with delcious bread. Delectable beet salad came next with golden beet puree and a pink square that was wonderful goat cheese all served with a provencal style dry rose' wine - perfect..., some of the other dishes were mustard braised rabbit with homemade delicate and airy tagliatelle, pork cheek bourginon, choices of wines were offered, pinot noir for the rabbit  and cabernet blend for the pork, fisherman style poached egg with mussels and mild tarragon cream sauce  - outrageous, sweetbreads,  terrine de fois gras pate with pear.... chef will alternate and vary... all the portions were more adequate and filling than competing more expensive establishments...two fantastic desserts included mille feuille delicate pastry with raspberries and chocolate mousse cake ( amazingly good)... we must have had about ten different dishes... servers were all so nice, the chef came out a few times and was pleased that we had ordered this... presentation was gorgeous. 
Could not be more pleased... This restaurant also has a charming bar area, nice cocktails and the ambience of a true French bistro complete with hammered tin ceiling, lighting, etc. The only issues is that seating is tight and the restaurant is narrow - difficult to get private table for two as most tables have you pretty close to other diners. There is French soundtrack music that adds to the wonderful experience. Outstanding waitstaff, experienced, well-run restaurant even on a very busy evening.Amazing food.  Great service.  Intimate space.  I've been here a few times over the past couple of months and have to say each time I leave, I am planning my next trip back.  Each time I've dined at Bistrot, our party has been the last to leave...literally shutting the place down.  And the staff continues to smile, no dirty, "get the hell out of here" looks from them.  
The chef (Peter Woolsely) is equally as gracious as his staff, stopping by each table to chat throughout the service.  I'm so happy that this place is consistently busy and receiving such great feedback because he seems like a genuinely nice, hardworking guy who deserves the praise!
The food...well, the food is amazing.  Simple, yet unique.  The rabbit is by far one of the better dishes on the menu, in my opinion, and worth a try even if you are hesitant about well, eating rabbit.  Portion sizes are substantial yet not so small that you feel like you paid a lot for nothing.  Of course for dessert, the creme brulee...I went for their 3 year anniversary and recently went back and both times were fantastic. The food is rich and delicious, their wine/beer selection is a nice complement and the servers are very attentative and courteous. 
Must get the mussels with poached egg appetitizer, it is amazing!!!Found this place via yelp, my family and i were in town for the holiday and this restaurant was very close to where we were staying. The pictures looked very tasty, so why not? On another note, this was also my first time having a French meal, so I was very excited.
The restaurant felt very cozy, and intimate. I don't suggest a party of more than 4 people, because the tables are put very close together, anymore than 4 would be a bit uncomfortable.
Ceuf du pecheur; escargots a la bourguignonne; terrine de four gras; faux-filet de bceuf sauce foie gras; lapin roti a la moutarde; joues de porc a la  bourguignonne
The fishermen's style poached egg - loved it, 5
The snails - the presentation of this dish was very very elegant (looks expensive), but as far as the taste, it was kind of bland.... So... a 2 for the taste, and 5 for the image.
The vanilla scented duck - very interesting taste, something I definitely have not taste before. The first bite was intense... Very strong vanilla taste, wasn't a fan of the meat... I believe this dish is suppose to be served cold, I'm glad I tried this dish because it is definitely very interesting but just not my taste... So um.. 2.....
The steak - bomb, 5
The pork cheeks - the sauce was extra salty... The meat was bit dry... The presentation of the dish was poor, the meat was dark, the sauce was dark, couldn't really see what the dish looked like. So a 2.
The rabbit - id rather not discuss this dish... Or rate it, so you can try it on your own.
Good customer service, couldn't ask for more. My server was very attentive. 
Overall, it was a nice experience. Food was decent, but not amazing.We went there for our wedding anniversary because of all the fabulous reviews but we were somewhat disappointed. The interior felt like a dining hall and only had about 3 tables on a Thursday night. 
The homemade bread was very good and my tarte de tomate was pretty good but my canard confit was too salty and my husband's rabbit was just meh. The worst was the gratin de courgette which completely missed the mark with sliced zucchini in cream and some slab of cheese on top. I don't think the price equal the quality. I'm not going back.Probably one of the best meals of my life - by far certainly one of the best French meals - and I worked in France. This place is just amazing. Great ambiance, very good service and the food is just incredible. I went with my boyfriend a few weeks back to celebrate our anniversary and they gave us a special dessert with chocolates on a plate with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate sauce - and this was after our first round of desserts. Nice touch. Even if it wasn't for this, the meal was just awesome. We ordered six different dishes and all of them were outstanding. Just GO.What a precious little restaurant.  My babe took me here for my birthday dinner and I could not have been happier and more pleased.  I had been wanting to go there for the Wednesday night movie specials but experiencing a whole meal was much better.
I fell in love initially when Edith Piaf was playing over the speakers.  Not that I was ever in Paris in the 1940's, but Bistrot La Minette definitely brings you back to another time.  We were greeted by a great waiter and he gave us his drink and food recommendations.  We started with out classic martinis but the man then ordered a Sazerac which he said was delicious and I tried the special Malbec.  We ordered the mussels and the tomato salad for appetizers.  The mussels were literally the best I have ever eaten...yes they were heavy with the tarragon cream sauce and the poached egg, but it is something everyone should try once.  The table next to us was a younger couple in flops and hollister who clearly did not appreciate the execution of the dish and I really wish I could have given them the boot to Chicky and Pete's (excuse my brattiness)  Anyway, for the entrees I tried the halibut and he got the pork chop.  While we thought the appetizers could not be matched, the actual meal was just perfect.  The halibut was crusted with herbs and spices and literally fell apart with my fork.  I do not eat pigs, but he devoured the pork chop like a caveman..they even gave him a special knife.  Along with the meal, the bake their own fresh bread which we easily went through two baskets.  I started feeling so heavy but was on a roll.  Now we never ever get dessert but it was my birthday and he wanted to try the Absinthe, which was served so fabulously so I ordered the rice pudding, which was light and had a citrus taste.  The fresh fruit was just amazing.
I felt compelled to detail our entire evening there, but it was just the best.  The staff, ambiance, music, drinks and food were perfect and we are going back to see Amiele for the Wednesday night movie.  This is a great place to go with your love or anytime.  mmm.Im too drunk and full to write a whole book about it. But, The poached egg appetizer on toasted bread and creamy muscles on top, I cannot stop thinking about it.  So good. The escargot was also amazing, little shot filled with garlic and butter. I was cleaning em out with bits of bread. Drinks, tartare, rabbit, duck, quail, were all great. This place is dope and is not overly priced.Great place. I'll start by saying that the one time I went, it was around $75 a person (dinner for two), but we did get a 30 or 40 dollar bottle of wine (which was a delicious pinot noir). Service was great (except for one blip, see below), and the waiter was very good about offering suggestions and letting us know what was most popular on the menu. 
Had the gnocchi as an appetizer - French gnocchi isn't as good as Italian gnocchi, but this was okay. Wouldn't recommend if you're a big gnocchi fan. For the main course I ate the mustard-braised rabbit. Very tasty, but you'd be surprised how much it tastes like chicken (seriously). For that reason, I will never eat rabbit again. Tried it. Nothing special (generally speaking). They must do it very well at this place, though. Dessert was a bit disappointing; not because it wasn't fantastic, but because the waiter brought out the wrong item. Not to worry, it was very very good and the perfect ending to a very good meal (baked sliced apple and caramel ice cream). 
One of the cool things about this place is that when you walk in, the host (who seemed to be either the manager or owner, or someone close to the business) took our coats and hung them. When we left, he chatted with us to see how we enjoyed the meal. Cool guy. Cool place. Check it out.Deciding to try out this cute French restaurant during Restaurant Week in Philadelphia with my husband, I have no regrets. In fact, I am happy that I got to try this restaurant out and would definitely come here again in due time. 
I had put in a reservation on OpenTable and although I was supposed to be there at 7:15 pm, I called the restaurant and said that I was running late. We eventually arrived 15 minutes late and in turn had to wait 5 minutes for our table to clear. But no worries! It gave me a Chance to Check-In and take in the atmosphere of what this restaurant had to offer. 
Our waiter's name was Richard and he gladly explained to us what the dishes that we were trying to decide on were. This being the first time trying French food, I was glad that I tried the Fishermans breakfast as my app, the duck for my main course, and the lemon tart as my desert. All of which were very tasty! My husband in turn ordered the escargot, the rabbit, and the chocolate mousse cake, all of which he was very satisfied with. The only complaint that he had was the escargot was a little too salty but other than that, everything tasted divine. 
The service was to match! Richard made sure that our glasses were filled with sparkling water and checked in on us if we needed anything consistently. It made both my husband and I feel very welcomed! There was even some sampling of baked bread on the house that was handed out for us to try by another fellow waiter. 
All in all, I rate this restaurant to be 5 stars. It's great for a date night or a distraction for everyday life, and it makes you feel fancy that you are eating something so elegantly presented. I'm glad I brought my husband here for our night out and we will definitely show our faces there again soon!Flawless, delicious dinner! 
We went for Philadelphia Restaurant Week, 3 course prix fixe menu.  Escargot and pork belly appetizers were incredible as were the duck breast and pork cheek entrees. Chocolate mousse cake  and Mille feuille aux framboise capped it off. 
Will definitely return!Service left a lot to be desired, food was fine.
We made a brunch reservation for 12 several weeks in advance.  The 3 course prix fixe brunch took over well 3 hours due to extremely slow service, which seemed odd since the restaurant was less than half full.  The drink order was brought a few drinks at a time and took over a half hour.  Once it was finished, we finally put in our orders and the experience extended from there.
The food was ok, but there was just no sense of timing and the server was not attentive to the progression of our meal.  I'm not sure if he was overwhelmed and needed help (which didn't seem to be the case), or if he legitimately thought we wanted to spend our entire day there.
To top it off, our check included the customary "included gratuity."  However, this amount was rounded up from 18% to 20%.  It may only be a 2% difference, however, 18% is the standard "middle ground."  It allows for errors in service and accounts for the difficulty of serving a large group.  After living through the frustration of a never-ending brunch, it was a bit much to know that we had tipped the equivalent of "good service" at any other restaurant.I've been a fan of Bistrot La Minette for a long time, but this was my first time dining there for brunch. I was surprised to learn of their $25 prix flxe lunch menu, and as you well know, any chance to over-indulge will not be overlooked by yours truly.
Started with the charcuterie plate which featured bacon-wrapped pork terrine (drool), rabbit liver mousse (swoon), and duck rillettes (quack.) Had the oeufs en meurette for my entree, which was covered in the kind of red wine shallot sauce that makes you want to lick the plate. The eggs were perfectly poached & the accompanying mushrooms, pearl onions, and lardons were delightful. Finished with the poached pear that just melted in my mouth. 
When I'm asked what my favorite French restaurant is in Philadelphia, I'm always tempted to say La Minette, and this meal might have sealed the deal.The room is charming . . . old, old with exposed wood floors, high ornamented metal ceilings and an exposed brick wall. The service was a bit slow, but the servers were efficient and cheerful.  The pea soup was disappointing, very bland and we had to season it with lots of salt and black pepper; even then it wasn't great.  The quiche was very good.  
The food notwithstanding, it was a pleasant lunch. Goes to show what ambiance and cheerful service can accomplish.I would like to give this place 4.5 stars (please change this feature!) for a delicious, well-executed meal last night with my lovely mother-in-law.  The setting is intimate, authentic bistro, without any of the slightly contrived quality of Parc (although I really like Parc).  There is a tiny bar in the front where we waited for our table while enjoying the beginning of our delicious bottle of Sancerre. The wait staff were warm and friendly, and the whole environment felt professional but relaxed. Compared with a recent experience at Lotus of Siam in NY, this was a welcome change of ambiance and I was digging it as soon as I walked in the door.
When we were seated, the bartender magically transformed into our waiter. And he was attentive and knowledgeable, but never intrusive. Water was efficiently and regularly filled, food was perfectly timed and just the right temperature, and, most importantly, everything tasted wonderful. I started with the escargot, which was  buttery-garlicky deliciousness with great texture. It came in maybe 9 or 10 tiny pots, and I soaked up the remainder of the sauce with the fabulous housemade bread they serve with soft butter.  My mother-in-law started with the foie gras, which she enjoyed, but found a bit too rich for her taste. 
We both had the fluke cooked in brown butter with brussel sprouts for our main, which was fabulous and definitely my favorite of the evening. Everything about the dish was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and went together perfectly.  We finished with the opera cake, which was also an outstanding way to go out. The prices are in the mid-20s for entrees with a few special items in the 40s, but I think the price is right for the quality of the food. All in all, a wonderful experience and will definitely be back.Attended one of their celebration Le Beaujolais Nouveau evenings for a extraordinary four course meal paired with a special selection wine for each plate.  Wonderful staff. Great ambiance.  And par excellence cuisine.  We will return and bring friends.The "garden" at BLM is the perfect setting for a quiet nite out.
We arrived @ 9:30  for movie nite. The main dining room was still busy with dinner patrons we were led past the open kitchen to the "garden".
The ambiance was tre bien; mini lights hung from the ceiling, a few wall and window plants and the exposed brick wall added Philly charm to an old world cafe feel.  We were seated along the brick wall every table filled. 
Out came the warm bread and salted butter-  yum!
We decided to get a few apps to split- the highly reviewed mussels in cream sauce, grilled sardines and bibb salad.
The bibb salad came lightly dressed in a Dijon dressing. The sardines were grilled and came along side some sweet roasted red peppers. The sardines are fileted so bone free. They were exquisite ; char grilled to perfection and still moist. Finally the mussels, creamy tarragon sauce poured over mussels and topped with a poached egg. This dish is a must! I could have licked the plate clean. 
We washed down our food with a pitcher of white( Chardonnay , I'm 
usually not a fan but this was unoaked and very drinkable)
dessert was just ok I tried something new the strawberry cake with carmel ice cream. It wasn't how I imagined cake to be it was served in a pie like dish and had the consistency of a pancake. Very few strawberries, the Carmel ice cream saved this dish. 
Finished with an espresso. Our server is always the same person and he always does a great job. I can never remember his name but he ususally works in the garden.
I've been to BLM a few times (wine dinner a few months back and movie nights with my girls last summer) all of my experiences have been great. My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the movie posted online was not the movie they played. I and a few others had a sad face on when this was announced. We also never received our amuse bouche, every time I've ever been the chef sends out something small and a few other tables received what looked like a grouges( small French cheese puff ) the dessert wasn't bad but it wasn't the best thing either.
A few things-
$20.00 pitchers of wine (red or white) 
movies in the garden are mon, thurs @ 8:30 & fri @ 9:30
make reservations if you want to sit in the garden there aren't very many tables and on nice nites they will be full.
Get the mussels (unless ur allergic or vegetarian)
Of course I'll be back I'm a francophile in training !Short: Great service, great food and drink, wonderful setting. A must. 
Went to La Minette on a Thursday night for dinner. Thankfully the heat broke and we were able to sit outside comfortably in the setting sun. We started with a bottle of Rose that was perfectly crisp and tart. Our server nailed the flavor, "tastes like unsweetened strawberry juice." 
For our first course we ordered the octopus salad and tomato salad. Both came out quickly and were flavorful and perfectly assembled. They marinate the octopus for 9 hours in the tomato broth and only remove it when ordered, to grill. Very tender and flavorful. The tomato salad was light and refreshing. We sopped up all of the broth from the tomato salad with the very good sliced baguette they provided as well... amazing to get such flavor from the simple ingredients. 
For main courses we ordered the braised rabbit and the Halibut. The rabbit loin was slightly dry on one side but the leg was fantastic, the wine sauce it came with was dark and complex and the mushrooms caramelized pearl onions added to the flavor of the rabbit. The house-made tagliatelle with the rabbit was buttery and a good texture. The halibut was the best either of us have ever had; crusted with lemony breadcrumbs, perfectly cooked and fresh. The saffron sauce was excellent and haricot verts were a suitable accompaniment. 
For dessert we ordered the lemon tart and sorbet selections. Both were wonderful. 
The meal was reasonably priced for what you received. The wine was around $40/bottle, first courses in the mid-teens, entrees were mid-$20s and desserts were under $10. If you ordered house wine (or no wine, ha) and only an entree this would be a suitable 'any time' destination, but you can certainly make it spendy, too. 
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a casual romantic setting with fantastic food. A+Came here for restaurant week. Great food, great atmosphere, Great service. Probably my favorite part about coming here though was that I found Street parking in under 5 minutes. A minor miracle.A wonderful experience.  Everything was set up to enjoy a meal.  We started with a Brussel sprout and bacon dish and a couple of salad vert plates.  Smartly, as good as they were, we left some our plates for our main courses.  Tartar, trout and roasted chicken.  Cooked and flavored to perfection 
Service was wonderful.  We even had a waiter in training.  He will do well.  The pacing of the meal was part of the experience.  A leisurely staged and supported process allowing for good conversation and enjoying the food and wine
The deserts are spectacular.  At least the two we split between three of us - still feeling the effects of a cheese steak sandwich the night before
This is definitely a place to try.  Do not be in a hurry, or you will find it unsatisfactory.My friend and I came here because I've been wanting to try Bibou for the longest and failed to get a reservation both convenient for him and I because it's always booked. So I looked for another French inspired restaurant and much to my satisfaction it lived up to it's high reviews. 
I love it here. The decor and ambiance is rustic and sweet.
The menu is just big enough to see some items that I definitely wanted to try but not so big I wouldn't know where to start or what is worth tasting.
At first after being seated for our reservation, we weren't greeted with menus or anything for at least 10-15 mins, which was a little confusing because it wasn't busy but the waiter explained there was confusion as to who was assigned to our table...
It's ok 
Things happen, the meal made up for it 
We had the foie gras which was nicely prepared and very enjoyable.
Truffle Mushroom soup special was amazing!! Every last bite was just as good as the last, light with delicate flavors.
A beef tartare was soooo very good. I'm vietnamese so it reminded me of a vietnamese beef carpaccio just a different preparation but it was so good. Not chewy the beef tasted tender and fresh, the only way you should if you decide to venture out and have raw beef. 
Our main courses were the mustard braised rabbit which I was very apprehensive about eating, I'm an adventurous eater but some dishes make me second guess, let me say with the homemade pasta was so delicious. It had a similar taste to chicken but better! Some white meat and a lot of tender dark meat but not so.. Fatty tasting as chicken.
We both decided it was our favorite dish!!! He had some sort of braised beef dish which was nice and tender but the rabbit was still our favorite. 
The dessert was the chocolate mousse cake which was heaven in your mouth for any sweets lover and it ended our spectacular dinner. Couldn't have been happier!This restaurant truly deserves a 5-star rating after the excellent service my friends and I experienced recently. I had been here once for Restaurant week having had the foie gras, and Creme brûlée which were absolute perfection (I wish I could remember the entree but it was just as delicious). My friends informed me that Bistrot La Minette started a happy hour with half off appetizers and $3 wine from 5:30-7 so the 5 of us attended ordering nearly all the appetizers on the menu along with their house red and white Bordeaux.
The appetizers we ordered were escargot, foie gras, Noix de St Jacques Poêlées au Champagne, Bouchées à la Reine, and Tartare de Bœuf au Couteau. The escargot was so amazing we ordered it twice and as I'm writing this wish we had ordered another round of the noix de st Jacques poêlées au champagne - it was just too good!! 
There was a company gathering in their private room making the service very slow. As a consolation the bartender gave us complimentary glasses of Bordeaux and a complimentary glass of dessert wine to go with our desserts.
The only drawback to this happy hour is it's only in the front of the restaurant at the bar and the 2 tables near the entrance so you'd need to get there early if it got busy. Lucky for us it was a rainy day.
Whether it's a new happy hour or a yummy French restaurant, I highly recommend this place.Went back for their Dinner in Perigord fixed menu and had a ball. Prunes, poached eggs, duck, and some truly badass wines were served up and had us smiling. Excellent service and inspired food.Another one where I'm surprised at the 4.5 star yelp rating. 4.5 is really high, and this place didn't come close to blowing me away at all. It was an ok (at best) meal for a not ok price (and I came during restaurant week, too). I'd give it 2 stars, but I'll settle on 3 because the atmosphere was really cute.
Escargot and foie gras to start: These were as great as I'd expect them to be if a restaurant serves them at all.
Duck confit and rabbit en moutard for entrees: Both very dry. Confit is supposed to fall off the bones (right..?), but this one was overcooked. The rabbit was dry and overcooked as well, not juicy and flavorful as I was expecting. The forkful of tagliatelle that accompanied it was good though. We wrestled with scraping the overcooked meat off the bones with our silverware, which is ridiculous when the portion sizes are teeny tiny and French. Almost felt like I was being trolled..
Mille feuille and rum baba: mille feuille was great. Rum baba was awful, awful. We only got it because it was recommended by the waiter. It's supposedly a pastry soaked in rum, but it tasted like a soggy ball of cheap alcohol. Bitter and absolutely terrible. Would not recommend. 
Anyways, $100 total for like, 5 forkfuls of meh food each. I'm not a stranger to French food. I've had teeny tiny portions at other places that did not make me lament the size at all because they've been that good. This was not one of those places.Most often, when restaurants receive the grandeur of rave reviews such as Bistrot La Minette, I am set up for disappointment. Thankfully, this was not the case for my dinner last night. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is very authentically French-bistro, without trying too hard as some restaurants do.  The restaurant is set on 6th street just off of South.  The sophisticated crowd is casually elegant.  For a Saturday night at 7:30, I was surprised at how few people were there.  Summer in the city means most city-folk head to the beach, but I was still unprepared to see all of the empty tables after reading so many good things.  It did begin to pick up after 9:00.  They have a lovely outdoor dining area in the front where we chose to sit and enjoy the beautiful evening last night. The area can be tricky for the wait staff to navigate and the tables are a bit too small to accommodate the large plates that the restaurants use, bit I still recommend it if you are there earlier in the night. If you are dining past 9, I would skip it.  The location is unfortunately right in the outcast of the assiduous South Street nightlife, and the colorful, noisy passersby don't quite fit with the scene at Bistrot La Minette. 
My husband and I started our meal with two of their Kir Royales, along with the Bouchees a la Reine puff pastry appetizer and the Heirloom Tomato salad. The mushroom puff pastry appetizer is not to be missed (!!) while the heirloom tomato was only so-so. For our entrees, I chose the very unadventurous yet quite delicious Charlotte au Morbier (cheese bread pudding) while my husband couldn't pass on the Steak au Poivre. My entree was quite good, though it was fairly small and I felt it could have used more than a couple of small beets on the side. Perhaps I could have ordered one of their gratins or haricot verts as a side dish, but in all honesty, the cheesy pastry was rich enough to sustain me. My husbands steak was crusted in crushed peppercorns and pan-seared to perfection.  We had angel food cake waiting for us at home, but we couldn't pass up the opportunity to try one of their desserts after dinner had been so good.  The hubby and I shared the Mille Feuille with raspberries which was so incredible, I had to fight the urge not to take the whole plate and lick it clean.
Our server was amiable, but at times scarce.  This could be because the outdoor seating area is somewhat undesignated and we may have been an addition to his full load, but we waited for 15 minutes before we could even put a drink order in.  Our final bill for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 3 drinks, and dessert- without tax and tip- came to just under $130.  Though the portions were a bit small, it was the perfect amount of food and well worth every cent.  I cannot wait to go back and try many of the other items on the menu that sounded so tempting (but will definitely have the mushroom puff pastry appetizer again!).Had reservations to this place. Walked in and it was empty. But there was a private party in a private room. Place looks decent. They have a coat check. Pretty cool.
Started our order with drinks. Passion green tea. Light aroma and tasted good. My friend got the sparkling lemonade and he said it was "way too sour!"
Appetizers: Escargot and Quail. For me the escargot was salty. The quail was great. Well seasoned, accompanied with buttered spinach and some purée. Very tasteful. Presentation was great.
Entree: lamb shank was ok. Well balanced. I sampled this from my friends dish. I had the braised beef. Boy, it was horribly salty. My second bite was my last.
Dessert: Chocolate Mousse and Puff Pastry. My Puff Pastry was light, airy and crunch. Perfect combination of cream, fresh raspberry, and crispy pastry. The chocolate mousse was good. Coffee ice cream was strong with a nutty crunch. Good also but very rich.
Weird, my tea cup is an illy cup which is itailian cafe but we were in a French restaurant. Service was good. Every course their was a change in utensil. Second change my fork had some green stuff in between the sides of the fork. I just grabbed another fork from another table. The entrance did have a heavy round curtain to sustain cold air from coming in. I like this. It's a great idea to keep the breeze from coming in. Hostess was nice. She also coat checked us.
This place is on the expensive side. For two we spent $140. Just wish my main entree was not super salty.LOVE that this south philly restaurant is not a byob.  The service and food are impeccable.
The portions are a smiiiiiiiiiiiiiidge on the small side (especially in the seafood category), and so that's always just a little disappointing.My bf and I decided to try this place out for restaurant week. We definitely do not regret this at all!
We got the fisherman's poach eggs and escargot as appetizers. OMG! I'm usually not a big fan of escargot and I have to admit, that was the best that I ever had! My bf always gets escargot at different restaurants and I would sample it from his place and not really like it. My bf even said that was one of the best escargot that he ever had. For our entrees, we got the beef short ribs and duck confit. The beef short ribs was good. The duck confit was sort of dry? But pretty flavorful. As for appetizers, we got creme brûlée and puff pastry with cream. 
We would definitely come back!Charmingly decorated bistro, good food, memorably good service.
I went sometime in the fall, but still the atmostphere remains lovely in my mind and the service outstanding. Super comfortable and relaxed feel, no rushing in the pacing of the meal.
Appetizers were delicious and well-portioned. First time having escargots, and it was really, really delicious - a very memorable introduction, not scary at all. The squid ink pasta was really fun, simple flavors but also a first for me. I don't remember much about the entrees - Rabbit and Duck - but I do remember being really pleased that we had picked both. 
Definitely a good spot if you're looking for a high-quality and not-stuffy date spot.We just returned from a marvelous meal. It was my husband's birthday and they were wonderfully accommodating. The service was excellent and his special birthday meal (the envy of neighboring tables) was absolutely perfect. Thank you, Bistrot La Minette, for one of the top five Philly dining experiences we've had in nearly 20 years of eating well in this city.Love this place! It offers a solid variety of dishes from northern France, and it's NOT pretentious. Bistrot offers hearty, but incredibly delicious food that are very carefully prepared.
I had the blood orange duck - it's not super fancy, but juicy and simple, just how I like it. We ordered a jug of wine (the wine comes in a jug! I'm in love!) and it blended wonderfully with the meal.
I think someone mentioned something about the bread here - VERY TRUE. Best table bread I've had. So soft and chewy, and comes with slightly melted salted butter that goes wonderfully with the bread. 
Try it out!Unbelievable atmosphere, service, and food.  Walked in with no reservation (although one is highly recommended on weekends). Was with my two year old daughter and staff was wonderful with her.  Food was as good as it gets, but the service was phenomenal.My wife and I decided to try Bistrot La Minette last night after reading the many great reviews and seeing it on many 'best of' lists for foodies in Philly.  Sadly to say we came away disappointed with the entire experience.  
There was some good - the place is very cosy inside and really does feel like a little bistro in Paris.  Also, the grilled sardine first course was excellent - well prepared and delicious.  
Things pretty much went downhill from there.  We ordered four dishes and asked for them to come out one at a time.  They brought them out two at a time without a word.  We told them we were sharing everything, but instead of bringing us share plates, they just brought two dishes out at a time and separated them between us.  
Worse though was the food.  It wasn't terrible as much as it was sub-par.  We had the salmon tartar, the squash soup and the duck breast entree.  Each dish was unbalanced.  The salmon tartar had just a little too much going on and was a bit on the sweet side for an appetizer.  The soup was even sweeter - the nuts in it and the broth tasted closer to a dessert than something savory or appropriate as a First Course.  The duck breast was perfectly cooked, but the sauce was also way too sweet and didn't have anything to balance itself with.
My wife puked after the evening and I felt a little uncomfy in the stomach.  Overall, dishes that weren't balanced, overly sweet, etc. / mediocre service and an unsatisfactory meal.  I would skip this one.Went for a new year's eve dinner. Thoroughly enjoyed it. There's a very romantic backroom that we were fortunate to get a table. Food was very high quality and well plated. Even thought the restaurant was packed, the service was very attentive.  Would definitely return.I went on a Tuesday evening, reservation at 7:30 p.m. If you want a filled restaurant but moderate energy, this is the time to go. I read that it gets very energetic but I enjoyed the moderate energy that evening. 
Can I just say one word? Damn. Okay, I can't contain it to one word. 
We ordered four appetizers - ranked from least to greatest
**Bouchées à la Reine aux Champignons Sauvages (mushrooms - sooo good but slightly salty)
**Coquilles St. Jacques aux Endives Braisées (scallops - staple appetizer, very good)
**Œuf du Pêcheur - Mussels with poached egg on bread, amazing. Simply amazing.
**Terrine de Foie Gras - I had dreams about it that night. I went to Paris recently and the Foie Gras there was not as good as the one I had Bistrot Minette. But this is for people who like Foie Gras- not everyone likes Foie Gras. It was paired with figs, my gawwwwwwd. Sooooooooo gooooooood!!
I had rabbit for my entree. IT was good but I couldn't get the foie gras out of my mind. It was tender and not gamey. It's heavy dish. My friend got the lamb and duck confit - very heavy food, but lamb was crispy and good. My other friend got the porgy - it's fish...it's very light and crispy. It was really good too. But I think kudos goes towards the appetizers. I would go back and just order like 10 appetizers.
Dessert was good. Interesting sorbet flavors.Atmosphere is wonderful.  Food is average.  Bread is excellent.   If you are looking for a cafe in this neighborhood to have a nice long hang out lunch to catch up with friends, I would consider going here.  It is the kind of place that makes you want to sit and talk for hours.  If I were looking for excellent French food, this is not the first place that comes to mind.  
 I went for lunch so cannot comment on dinner.  I had a lyonnaise salad that was not good.  I couldn't finish it.  The frisee was wilted, the egg tasted soft boiled slimy rather than nicely poached, the dressing was nothing, there was no zing.  My partner had trout that was good.   
I noticed they had a private little dining room which could be great for events.Wonderful restaurant and ambiance. Came here for a dinner on a Saturday night with my boyfriend and we absolutely enjoyed everything. The place is small but very cozy. Super romantic indeed. The food was wonderful and seemed true to the French cuisine. Portion sizes weren't ridiculous and the service was pretty good. It's been a while since we've been but I remember that we got the escargot and oysteres. The presentation of the escargot was pretty memorable in that I've never seen escargot in single cups but always in a dish with divets in the middle. The oysters were clean and fresh - almost as if they were just brought in from the ocean. Thankfully, it wasn't too briney but I would say we've had better. I remember that my boyfriend and I shared the duck confit and another pork dish (he's more of the pork man --) Both of which were wonderful. The meat was super juicy and tender (just how meat should be) - and the flavors were sublime! Nothing was too overwhelming and despite the manipulations to the material, I think the natural flavors of the duck and the pork shined through. Overall, great date place but it is small so reserve early!Went here for National Escargot Day and had a really nice time. My girlfriend loves escargot and when I saw that had a special pre-fixe menu with all snails I knew I had to take her. We sat outside in the back garden area and it was really quiet and romantic. All of our courses were good, but nothing amazed me. I really would love to go back and try the regular menu sometime.Outstanding service, wonderful dinner.  The rabbit & duck, never better.  wonderful desserts.  
Highly recommend.I am bummed. I finally came back to Bistrot La Minette after a long hiatus. I had such a great meal my first visit and maybe that tainted my expectations, but I came this past Sunday for brunch and it was pretty disappointing, unfortunately. The place still looks perfectly Parisian with the marble bar and table tops and red velvet booths. The service is nice and friendly, which is why they are getting 2 Stars vs 1. But the food. The food was not good. Borderline terrible. The only saving grace was mushroom soup. The rest I would be ok never eating again. We ordered, as I mentioned, the soup of the day which was a mushroom and truffle soup with bacon. It was perfectly creamy and rich topped with some crispy mushrooms, bacon and parsley for some texture. We also got the charcuterie board which came with their terrine of the day (ham jelly) and a homemade ham sausage. I don't dislike many foods. Mushrooms are, I admit, not my favorite food, but I am willing to give anything a go and usually it works out in my favor, particularly when someone else is making it. This was the case with the mushroom soup. This was NOT the case with the terrine of the day. First of all ham jelly is a very off-putting name for a meal. I like jelly. I like ham. I don't like to picture my jelly made out of meat. This is what I expected. However it was less scary than that. The board came with what looked to be thick slices of bologna and a ramekin of chopped up bologna or ham with herbs in a clear sauce. I tried it. It didn't do anything for me taste wise. It was pretty bland and difficult to spread or top on the extra toasted bread that came along with the board. Same goes for the bologna slices. I wish we just didn't order it. After the two les entrees, we ordered two plates principaux to share: the steak et oeufs au plat and the salade lyonnaise. The steak dish consisted of a grisly steak, 2 sunny side up eggs, a scoop of mixed smashed potatoes with some herbs in a foie Gras sauce. The sauce was too rich for me with and the potatoes seemed like they were leftover roasted potatoes that they wanted to get rid of so they were peeled and repurposed on this dish. The eggs didn't add anything to the meal, but were cooked nicely, albeit a little less runny than I would have expected. They seemed almost like an after thought. The salade was the worst offender though.  It was to come with frisée greens topped with duck confit, potatoes, and a poached egg. Sounds delicious! What arrived was what I can only describe as a bunch of inedible stems topped with 3 paperclip sized pieces of very dry duck, some stale roasted potatoes, and a poached egg that really did nothing for the dish other than to wet it a little bit. I didn't notice any of the Vinaigrette dressing advertised, so I am just assuming the stems sucked it up. The prices were not bad for the amount of dishes we got plus a 2 mimosas each ($75), but I left hungry, which was a complete let down. I don't think I'll be back to Bistrot La Minette, unfortunately, definitely not for their weekend lunch .Great dinner; delicious food.  Decent service - took a bit for someone to get to our table but once they did, they were quite attentive.  Definitely plan to return.The food is authentic and well crafted. The service is excellent. The prices are fair and the atmosphere is unpretentious. I loved everything about this place. I had the trout and my date had the duck. We agreed that the flavors were fresh and complex. This was a wonderful experience.All i can say is those mussels are Ah-may-zing!   I wish I could upload the pictures but they came out too dark to be useful damnnnnn it.
Came here for the special priced menu on Sunday for $35.  While not the cheapest meal, compared to the normal a la carte prices - what a steal!  There is also house wine which is very well priced if you want to get some drink on without breaking the bank.
Go check it out!  There is also a courtyard in the back which opens up when the weather is nice so keep that in mind when spring and summer come up!Wow...what a wonderful little French restaurant!  Great ambiance and service, and the food is delicious while being more subtle than French cuisine tends to be.  They also have a terrific selection of Cognac and Armagnac.YAY, I AM A FAN!
Bistrot La Minette is D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. My new husband and I went last night for Restaurant Week based solely on reviews (and availability, thank goodness). When we pulled up, I thought, "Oh, it's one of these places." Right off South Street, I had driven and walked past Bistrot La Minette and Beau Monde et al, but for some reason, they never appealed to me. Well, I was wrong. The ambiance is so cute--warm, friendly, but romantic, too, without being stuffy. I think Yelp says the attire is "casual," which I think it is, but you can dress up if you want for sure.
The menu for Restaurant Week is very similar to their regular menu. I know this because I asked the waitress for the regular menu after the main course because I thought, "This is one of those restaurants you bring out-of-town guests to." I was so pleased to see mains in the 20 dollar range and appetizers around $12. What an excellent price point for such deliciousness. This place is what Restaurant Week was designed for--try something you wouldn't normally try and then become ardent followers.
We shared everything, so we had two appetizers, two mains, and two desserts. The fisherman's poached egg appetizer (has a much cooler French name this Spanish speaker cannot come close to type nevermind pronounce) was very tasty. We also shared the escargot. Their escargot is the real deal and tasty, so if you've had some lame escargot in the past (looking at you Bistro St. Tropez), don't let that keep you from the snails here.
Our mains were so tender and rich. We shared the rabbit and the duck. I thought Ms. Potter was going to whack me on the head with a children's book, but they were so great. The duck, in particular, with its wine reduction was out of control good.
The chocolate mousse dessert/cake was soft and rich, but not that kind of lock-jaw-rich, so, unfortunately, we ate the whole thing! We also shared some yummy dessert course cheese. Every plate was licked clean.
Definitely going back and bringing friends and family. Yay! Also going to try brunch.Great date spot, very casually chic. Food is impeccable every time. Service is professional and non-invasive. On the more standoff-ish European side of service than the chatty, get-to-know-you brand of American service I can sometimes find intrusive. Dying to try the big family-style dinner they do in the side room. Next special occasion, maybe?I'm not surprised that Bistrot La Minette came up as #1 when searching for French Restaurants in Philadelphia.  I ate here in late March with my cousin and found the cuisine to be among the best this side of the Atlantic.  I had to check my ticket stub to make sure the plane actually landed in Philadelphia instead of Paris.  This is an establishment that surpasses my trifecta of requirements for five yelp stars; service, food, and atmosphere.
My cousin eats at Bistrot La Minette often and the servers recognized her.  That type of personal connection always impresses me.  Throughout the whole meal, I felt as if we were VIP guests.  The food was excellent.  I just can't say enough about how wonderful everything tasted.  As expected, the wine was perfect.  Finally, the ambiance was perfect.  This wasn't a place that merely served French style food.  It was a full on French restaurant plucked from the streets of Paris.
If you're in Philadelphia.  Eat here.The food was delicious; the waitstaff was exceptional, and the ambiance is very nice. Great date spot. Try the escargot.Went there on restaurant week and was happily find there great service, awesome french cuisine and good-old-fashion design! 
The menu for restaurant week consider a lot of dishes from regular menu and the sizes was pretty good. At the start of third course i was already full!  
This places really gives you an idea how french cuisine is! And they doing their best at it! 
Me and my friend choose for dinner :
1) Escargots a la Bourgaignonne/ Salade D'Endives
2) Lapin Roti a la Moutarde/ Cassoulet de toulouse
3) Assiette de fromages/ Mille Feuille aux framboises
All dishes made me completely fall in love with this cuisine and this cozy restaurant! 
If you want to try some not ordinary, high quality and tasty food you better come here!
This restaurant is great place for dates! 
I was really pleased when the main chef come to our table to talk and ask how was our dinner! Thank you! They did a great job!
Love it!Was always intrigued by this place every time I walk by. Stop in for a quick dinner last night. Since it was the long holiday weekend, the place was half empty. Got a table right away without fuss. The waiter was friendly but not intrusive. Love how they make the place look like a french bistro, soft lighting and lots of red. Now the food, 
As a rule, for any new places, we always order appetizers, this way you can try more things and it give you an idea how good the food is. 
fois grais was very good, 
the green salad was perfectly dressed, 
mussels in cream sauce with an egg was not what I expected but very good, 
sardines was a little strange in the sense that it was filleted and sheered not too crazy about it, 
the bread is probably one of the best baguette I found in Philly, just like in France crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. 
I will be backDelicious straight forward food - charming restaurant and service.
This is going to be a very dry review. Simply put, we just had a great time with delicious food and great service. Very nice bistro, not over decorated, it just doesn't feel fake.
With only half the restaurant filled on a Wednesday night, two friends and I had ample space and time without being pushed or being squeezed. 
We had grilled sardines with red pepper (delicious) and flammkuchen (Alsace flatbread, little drier than it's original siblings, but very tasty). Entrees sampled were leg of lamb, duck breast and the entrecote. All meat was done perfectly, the sides were awesome (the gratin rivals Nan), dishes are prepared not too heavy. We shared ice cream and sorbets for dessert, which is too sweet for me, but the flavors were greattt (rhubarb, caramel, cassis). 
The wine and menu selection is just the right balance and size to fulfill all desires and not let you be overwhelmed. Actually the homemade chocolate that came with the bill was fantastic and their espresso was very good, too.
I put down four stars in the beginning, just changed to 5 now after I can not find anything in my memory worth downgrading a star. Bottomline, if I have to choose between Bistrot La Minette and Parc, where food, service and ambience are totally overrated (loud, cramped, attitude, rush), I don't even have to blink.
They offer french movie nights on Mondays during August and family style french dining for 4-20 people for $45 to $65 per person. We will try that soon. 
Disclaimer: This is not eclectic french 9 course five star dining, it is a bistro!!I'm certainly their Number 1 fan.  Maybe its my growing love for french food or that it's within walking distance in my hood but I simply can't get enough of this place.  The decor is intimate and charming.  So for those romantics out there...this is your place!!  The music selection and volume is subtle yet present.  OH and The Food!  I have yet to walk away feeling hungry or disappointed.  From the beet salad to the rabbit or lamb shank (I'm a creature of habit) my belly is happy.  I often would just go there for a drink or five on the outside patio or go have dinner and a movie on Monday's and Thursday's (All french subtitled films of course).  The service is friendly yet professional which in those parts are true treasures.  So if I'm setting high expectation for you...I am!!  You can tell'em I sent you ;-)I ordered the escargot with garlic and olive oil and the goat cheese omelet. Even the bread and butter were delicious. The high quality of ingredients used as well as the knowledge of preparation are what makes this place. The excellent service and ambiance doesn't hurt either. Our server was very professional. I look forward to returning.Not as good as my own hot pot. My god. My friend ordered a pot of chicken. I ordered a pot of duck. What's wrong with us.A wonderful little French place that was surprisingly crowded and a bit on the  loud side. The food was fantastic! Escargot was spot on, the fish course I had was somewhat over salted, which made the following course seem under salted, but besides that, dinner and desert was excellent!I'm not the biggest fan of French food but heard great things about this place from Yelp reviewers as well as media outlets so I had to check this place out. 
It's a really cute place and I'm glad I went there. 
Truthfully, the lunch entrees (poached eggs and oven-baked eggs) weren't all that impressive and they were a bit too heavy with too many different flavors going on but I might not have enjoyed the meal as much as I should have because I was so hungry and ended up eating like 10 loaves of bread with their ridiculously delicious butter. The butter was honestly one of the best butters I've ever had. 
The service was a bit lacking especially considering the restaurant wasn't crowded but we did arrive towards the end of lunch hour. 
But the biggest highlight of this place was the dessert. I got the caramelized puff pastry and it was honestly one of the best desserts I've had in my entire life. That dessert alone made it worth coming to this restaurant. I would come back just to get dessert. 
Gentlemen, if you're trying to impress a girl, take her here and feed her the caramelized puff pastry. It will be a date she won't forget...even if it doesn't work out and she wants to forget you.Once again, an incredible dinner. And the Manager, Brett outdid himself.  We come every month for the Wine Dinner, as well as other times during the month.  Everything, is great!It s an elegant and beautiful restaurant. I went to there with my girl, and we all like there.It s a good place for dating and hanging out with a small group of friends.
Appetizer: Seafood with mushroom on the top of bread
The dish was the best we had that night. With Sauce béchamel, the bread which was supposed to be cracked was perfectly chewing. 
Entree one: Rabbit Leg
It is a house special there. However, the meat was tasted dry and not really plateful. 
Entree two: Pork Chop
Similarly, the meat is not really special or excessively tasty. Garnishes were pretty good, juicy and fresh.
Dessert: Raspberry pastry with lime creme 
The dessert was amazed us. Although both two entrees were just average level, the dessert was made us to like the place. 
Ps. All names on the menu are French, but you can read descriptions in English.This place has become my new tradition for taking my mom here on Mother's Day. We came here last year on a whim of trying to find a new place to discover. We didn't have reservations but were seated in their lovely outside garden terrace area. The food was delicious, the service was amazing and it was really pleasant sitting outside in a small nook type of garden. 
I love authentic French food, and this place is exactly that. Their menu was fixed for Mother's Day but it was impressive. We are going here again tomorrow and probably will keep making it a tradition every year on the same day. Bon Appetit!What made La Minette stand out for me was the decor and the warmth of the employees.  I'm anything but a V.I.P. however, everyone from the hostess to the bartender to our server made me feel like they were thrilled to have me  and my dining companions there.   
The menu was authentically bistro-like: featuring poulet rôti, daube, canard, lapin.  The night we dined, in addition to the usual foie gras pate offered, there was also Hudson Valley lobe/escalope.  It was fantastic ... until I reached the middle of the piece and bit into cold liver.  I'm sure the chef was trying to avoid overcooking but it was disappointing. 
Escargots with butter, garlic and parsley got high marks and all four of us were thrilled with our mains: poulet with fabulous aligot potatoes, rabbit with pasta, duck and monkfish with a lobster sauce.  Dessert was my favorite: pot de creme, which had the right texture and consistency but was short on the dark, strong, even a bit bitter, chocolate taste that makes a perfect little pot.  
This was just a minor quibble: we absolutely will return, hopefully for the family family menu which must be reserved in advance.
Our dinner for four with wine worked out to $100 each, including tip.
*actually, one other mention: there was a gentleman working - as a host or perhaps even a manager -  who seemed to have a lovely demeanor but didn't represent the restaurant as well as everyone else. He wasn't attired in the black street clothes "uniform" that gave the others a professional look and had sleeves rolled up that revealed excessive, bizarre tats.  The gentleman seemed very much out of place.  Perhaps he should be counseled?I eat a lot, and sometimes I get complacent. This place completely rocked that to its core. Every time someone tells me that I'm being too nitpicky, I will reference them to this place because excellence was seen all around.
I went for brunch, and it was the best one I can remember. The bread was fresh baked, and by that I don't mean that it had been baked that morning. I mean that they told me that I had to wait a little because the delicious crusty bread was still cooling and was still hot when they brought it out to me. The coffee was a delicious dark roast that somehow wasn't too bitter. And that's not even counting what I ordered.
I heartily recommend the prix fix menu for brunch, as it lets you have three courses for $25. Considering that' above the cost of a few two course combos it's not too much of a stretch to go for three.
I can't find what I had for my first course on their online menu, but it was a piece of toast topped with creamy cheese, figs, more cheese, greens and balsamic vinegar. It wasn't a perfect dish, but the flavor all stacked pretty well together and I was happy.
And then the duck arrived and knocked me out of the park. Seriously, this one is an absolute knockout. I could not think of a single thing that anyone, ANYONE could have done to improve this dish. The duck meat was perfectly cooked: tender and juicy and covered in a decadently crisp skin, giving it an additional textural layer along with the intense savory flavor. My mouth is watering just writing about it. The potatoes were...well, not just cubed, but rounded at the edges and soaked up all the juices while still maintaining their own flavor. The hert covert was at just the right texture, and their flavor was subtle but enjoyable...and this is from someone who doesn't *like* green beans.
To finish off, I had the tarte tatin. The bottom layer was crisp, even under the layer of apples and ice cream, even when they started to ooze as I broke it open. It sucked up the fruit juice and cream, letting me savor every bit of it.
If I had to make one nitpicky thing, it's that food took a while coming out. Now, I don't mind waiting as long as I did for such high quality fare but the floor was pretty quiet when I walked in, with only two other tables. It could be that they were still ramping up for the main onslaught, but it still took me awhile to complete the experience. If you are in a rush...don't be. Cancel or postpone what you had planned, so you can sit back and enjoy this.Very pleasantly surprised by the meal. An unassuming French restaurant off of south street but nicely decorated inside (though the tables are quite a tight squeeze, so taking a couple out would feel and look better). 
Our waitress was super friendly and made good recommendations. The wine list had nice diversity of French regions and doc wines, but some of the by the glass choices would not be my recommendation in that price point. 
The freshly baked bread was delicious, as we're the amuse bouche gougeres. Escargot was nicely cooked but a bit salty (and be prepared for butter overload. The trout was also delicious. The lemon citrus flavor helped cut the overwhelming fattyness of the brown butter puddle on the bottom, but the fish was nicely cooked. Haricot verts brightened it up. The size of mac and cheese was delicious as well, all French cheeses used. Got the peach crumble for dessert which was great and refreshing but just as heavy as the other courses. It was a fattening and filling meal but very very good.I found the meal to be wonderful overall. The experience slightly below some other restauarant experiences. 
I had a warning to not order salad and stuck with it. 
The ambianec is charming and warm. We were given a choice of seating with our reservation and decided to go outside in the garden with a wonderful evening. 
There we remained in a quiet area without a lot of noise. I'm sure as it gets later than our reservation it is bustling. The inside definately was. But, being able to be outside and have a nice quiet cozy meal was special. 
The food, we started with an amuse of puff pastry with cheese. A wonderful small bite sized wonder. 
I ordered an onion tart and my wife the signature Mussels. 
I loved the tart, it had complexity of flavors. I only wish more sauce was available. It was a nice addition of a tart note to the rest. 
I tasted the creamy sauce for my wifes dish and it was heavenly as well.
For dinner, we ordered Rabbit and a Short Rib special with jumbo snails. You have to order something with snails at a French restaurant. 
I had the rabbit and it came with pasta. It was tastey. I wished for more sauce as teh rabbit was dry on its own. Maybe I should have sliced it up and into the pasta? I also thought it needed some texture. 
My wife had the short ribs. It was exactly what one would expect. We both had the snails and noticed a slightly smokey/burned taste as the result of grilling. It was a first for us and we would order snails again in the future. 
We ended with two different tart desserts. I had an apple tart with caramel ice cream. My wife a lemon tart with a berry ice cream. 
Neither was overly sweet. My ice cream melted quickly and basically became a sauce for the tart. 
A chocolate ganache bon bon was the final course and was on the house. 
The pleasant reward for the evening was the price. It was not over the top. This alone makes it a place you would welcome returning to.We were so disappointed in our experience here after meaning to dine here for such a long time and finally venturing down there.  We attended the Beaujolais Nouveau wine dinner - a prix fixe with wine pairing.  It was the service that really ruined the evening for us.  Our server was never around for us or for his other two tables, and when we flagged him down, we had to ask him for the wine pairings that came with the courses that other servers or runners had brought us.  By the end of the meal, after he had dropped our check, he completely disappeared.  We sat, chatted and finished our wine for about 15 minutes, and he never returned.  I don't know what Peter Woolsey looks like, but an authoritative-looking guy from the kitchen in a chef's jacket was bantering with the bartender, so there was no hope of getting anyone's attention over there, and we eventually were able to flag down another server to pay our bill.  We literally never saw our own server for the last 20 minutes that we were at dinner, and he couldn't have gone home without closing out his final table, so who knows what he was doing.
Courses consisted of a French onion soup, pike with crayfish and mushrooms, veal and cream stew and a caramel walnut tart.  The elegant veal and cream stew saved this from being a one-star review; neither I nor my dining partner are dessert people, but we both loved the tart with homemade-tasting vanilla bean ice cream, but it was a lot of money to spend ($75/person) for such terrible service.  We may or may not be back - it could have been an off night, but we were really left wondering what all the hype was about.  We wished we had gone for a nice dinner elsewhere - there are so many other great choices in Philadelphia that most places can't afford to exasperate their clientele, but maybe Bistrot La Minette is just so popular that it can.Seems to be picking up on the Bistro wave, but La Minette is a great arrival...across from Beau Monde, that corner of 6th & Bainbridge is starting to look a wee bit Parisian.
This place is so new you can still smell the paint drying in the tastefully decorated bathroom.  A splash of red cushioned booths and bright yellow walls, the long narrow dining room was packed with couples and families enjoying a Friday night.
Menu was a good spread of french bistro classics with a few stunners thrown in to boot. They sell carafes of wine, which a couple seated next to us was liberally helping themselves to; the guy was leaning over his date's plate a scooping up mouthfuls of potatoes off her chicken...it must've been that good. as you can tell from such detail, seating is tight.
My wife ordered the Summer Tomato Tart; a small selection of tasty ripened beauties served on a flaky, buttery disc of pie-dough, it was a great dish. Accompanying it was a bit of greens laced with a tarragon vinaigrette.
I had the Flammenkuche...which I found out later is THE dish of Alsace.  Think of it as France's answer to pizza margarita; the caramelized onions and crispy pork lardons were served atop a flatbread laden with creme fraiche.  I read another review of the place who complained about the mushiness of the dish, but it seems they corrected and served it up crispy.  While good, I'd probably cut it up before serving...it was hard to eat with a knife & fork, so I eventually opted to go pizza fingers on it.
Several other entrees looked good; I had my eye on the Lamb Shanks that were pouring out of the kitchen. We were stuffed though and went with dessert only, a Pot de Creme served with lightly sweetened whipped cream. The Pot de Creme had a mocha-like firm custard, not the chocolate bomb we were expecting, but very smooth...kind of like the after meal coffee in a cup.Tremendously inviting space, staff hustling, lots of energy. The bistro fare is deliciously simple and done extremely well. Bravo, Chef Kenny - loved the red socks!I'd have to echo all the praises sung of La Minette. Contrary to Parc, feels as though you're on a stage set, La Minette "is" what it makes itself out to be - a cozy, not overly pretentious, full of deliciousness French Bistro. The maitre d' greets you, friendly and accomodating. The wait staff, knowledgeable without being aloof. The Prix Fix menu can be ordered w/ or w/o wine, which makes it affordable if you don't want to spend more than $30/person. I had lamb stew with the lamb dripping off the bone as though it had been stewed for days, in a tomato and bean soup, and the portions surprisingly hearty; there was little room for desert. I did try someone else's Creme Brulee....it is worth getting here - the best I've had in a long time. Oh and I have to mention that the sinks in the bathrooms are my favorite - the water comes out in a ribbon; it feels so luxurious; you'll have to try it out to know what I'm saying. La Minette succeeds in paying attention to the subtle details. This is a great place to while away the hours with a loved one or group of friends or family.This was like in a nightmare. My wife and I were visiting Philadelphia over the weekend of October 25. We have travelled the world, and had high expectations based on the reviews. We did not care about the price, but wanted to have a great time. We walked for a mile in this windy day to get to the Minette for lunch.
The first surprise once we entered the place was the smell of the bathroom coming into the eating area. The second was nobody came to greet us. After waiting for several minutes, I moved inside the restaurant, which by the way was more than half empty at 1 pm on this Saturday afternoon. In front of the table, I asked a waiter if this is a self-seating place. He replied someone will be with you shortly. He came back after serving his customer, and pointed us to the table in front of which we were waiting.
As soon as we were seated, he came back and asked if we wanted any water. We took a a Perrier that he served us immediately. After looking into the menu, and the customers around us, we had already doubts that we made the right choice. We decided to go for it anyway as we were there, so we waited. We waited, and waited, for a time that seemed like an eternity. Nobody came to us. Not to serve us any bread, and butter, or ask if we wanted a glass of wine. Not even to acknowledge our presence. All seemed very estrange. We were so disconnected from that reality that when we stood up to leave, nobody came to ask us why. In front of the door, we waited for more than 5 minutes, making all kinds of sign to attract someone's attention so we can at least pay for the bottle of Perrier we have been served. Nothing. No one. I would have left them $5 and leave, but did not have any change. We decided to leave. Moved toward the door, still making gestures, hoping someone would come and take us out of this nightmare. Nothing. We left and walked to the Red Owl, where we had a great time amongst many real people.This place really is a step into an authentic Parisian cafe. I love the decor and the ambiance because it really does put you into another world. It's like walking from. Philadelphia street to a Parisian cafe and back in just a few hours. 
My biggest pro for this place is the service. Our waitress was charming and attentive, she gave us champagne to start on the house, as we were celebrating our anniversary, and a special dessert to end our evening. 
The cuisine was traditional and delightful. The duck with plums was just like I had back in Paris. My husband had the rabbit dish and it really was the star of the show. I highly recommend it! 
The cocktails, including an authentic jack rose, were great. 
Can definitely get pricey but depending on what you order you can make it affordable. 
Also - heard it's great for brunch.I went here for an anniversary dinner and ordered the rabbit and the lamb, and chocolate mousse for dessert. The food was delicious, but the romantic atmosphere, view of the kitchen from the seating, and excellent service were also highlights of our dining experience. Very reasonably priced for the quality.Consistently wonderful across the board with food service and atmosphere.A must!
went for here for restaurant week date. the restaurant decor seem very cozy and comfy. 
we started out with 2 drinks - Old Fashion and french 75. one was whiskey other one was gin. both good and strong favors. 
Appetizers - Œuf du Pêcheur Fisherman's style poached egg, toast, mussels, tarragon cream - I have to admit this dish is my favorite appetizer course. It all works well. The mussels cook to perfection while the runny poach egg soaks the bread with the tarragon cream. each component balances one another and it was delicious.
 Must get! Escargots à la Bourguignonne Six Burgundy snails, garlic herb butter, croutons - Delicious snails with garlic herbs. After I devour the escargot I used the garlic herb butter sauce and put it on side bread. Delicious...trust me
 Terrine de Foie Gras Vanilla-scented foie gras pâté, red wine-poached pear, walnuts, endive - im not a big fan of Foie Gras but this dish was rich and delicate. Pear help out with the favor. Rillons aux Panais et Poire Pork belly confit, roasted pear and parsnip puree, sherry vinegar jus, watercress 
Pork Belly was out of this world. Tender, moist, delicious pork belly with the smooth puree. I was a big fan of this. entrees & side - Gratin de Pâtes Façon Peggy Macaroni and cheese - cheesy goodness. 
Magret de Canard aux Navets et aux Pommes I really loved this dish. The Duck was cooked perfectly. Wish I could have a whole duck and just eat this all day. Its just that good.
 Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde first time trying rabbit. wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. It was a bit salty but good. 
Taglietelle wish it was buttery and oiled a bit. Dessert - Mille Feuille aux Framboises Delicious and worth getting Gâteau Mousse au Chocolat when you think about this cake. You would think it would be rich and heavy. It was actually very light and smooth.Enjoyed an excellent meal here with friends on a special date night with old friends.
Service was attentive, helpful, polite, and not at all intrusive.  
Great cocktails - I enjoyed their Sazerac and the missus, as usual, enjoyed some bubbles before dinner. Our friends enjoyed some Belgian beer and champagne as well.
We enjoyed the foie gras appetizer, the salade nicoise, the Daube Provencal, the chick peas (which were garlicky and perfect - like eating all the ingredients for hummus in non-blended form), and the monkfish.
My entree (Daube) paired quite nicely with a GSM Rhone blend from the wine list, which always makes me happy. 
For dessert we all shared the pot de creme and the mille feuille with pastry cream and raspberries.  Probably the leats impressive part of the meal but still a fine ending to a lovely evening.
I am usually not in love with French bistro fare.  It usually seems so commonplace these days.  But La Minette was different and thoughtful, so I would definitely dine here again.  It is located in what seems to be a little French pocket of the City near South street which I didn't even know was there.  Will be a pleasure to return and explore some more.Just had brunch here for the first time and it was incredible. The service, decor, and selections were top notch.  Highly recommend the bloody mary, baked eggs, and puff pastry with raspberries. We will definitely be going back to try their dinner menu.Great food very small place. Service was wonderful. We sat outside and found it really noisy because of the busy street and there were some obnoxious people walking from South Street as well as a lot of ghetto cruisers pumping loud rap. Was a shame because the food and service was wonderful and we were there for our anniversary. Next time we will go inside.This is a perfect place to go off of South Street for a nice experience to celebrate the holidays.  We came here for the weekend lunch and ordered the prix-fixe.  I had the escargot, joues de porc a la bourguignoone, and gateau opera.  We also ordered the Peggy potatoes on the side, which is a family recipe. It was a perfect meal to celebrate the holidays and everything was fresh and flavorful.  We had one of the last reservations for lunch and never felt rushed through our meal.  The waiters were very attentive and always made sure our glass was full. I would definitely want to return to try other items on the menu.In a world without consequences, I would eat the little cups of butter that come with the bread here by the spoonful. Many restaurants provide mediocre bread and butter when you order, but when you taste a freshly toasted slice of baguette at Bistrot La Minette, topped with thick, delicious, creamy butter, you know that BLM is bringing a taste of France to your palate. 
This place offers the most authentic French cuisine I've tasted in Philadelphia. I've been here twice now. I'd come here more often if it were closer to my neighborhood. BLM offers great 4-course prix fixe menus on a regular basis, exploring cuisines from all regions of France. My most recent experience was their 4-year anniversary dinner, which included a $30 menu (4 courses) and $4 drink specials:
Drink - The Kir Royal au cassis and Lillet were both very good
First Course - The Vichyssoise Glacée, a chilled potato and leek soup, was very light, silky, and refreshing. 
Second Course - The Terrine de Foie Gras (Duck liver) was very tasty and buttery in texture. The fig compote went very well with it. I thought the toasted brioche could have been replaced by a more firm toasted bread to provide more texture, but perhaps the dish was meant to focus more on the foie gras... The Bouchées à la Reine was also good, but I thought there was too much puff pastry and not enough sauce. As a result, the puff pastry was dry, and its taste overshadowed the taste of the wild mushrooms. 
Third Course - Both the Daube Provençal (beef stew) and Coq au Vin (wine-braised chicken) were tasty, though the beef and the chicken in these respective dishes were a bit too dry. 
Fourth Course - my favorite course! - The Mille Feuille aux Framboises was just as tasty as it was during my last visit, though not as well assembled. Gateau de Mousse au Chocolat and the strawberry sorbet that came with it were both delicious. These desserts were pretty solid. I've had similar desserts at above-average patisseries in France. While they were not the best I've had, the entire meal was a great deal for the quality of the menu. Forget about Restaurant Week when you can get 4 delicious courses here for $30-$35 on a regular basis.Solid. Nice atmosphere, delicious food. Drafty by the entrance in the winter. Service could have been a little better considering the quality of the food. Did the chefs tasting with wine paring and everyone at the table could sample each other's dishes which included: Cream of mushroom soup, escargot (one of the best I have had), quail (excellent) scallops, foie gras on toast, braised pork and roasted vegetables, rabbit with pasta, and of course dessert. Delicious!Absolutely a dream. Came here for a low-key bachelorette party dinner. Waiter was charming and helpful, food was amazing, and the outdoor seating was perfect. It started to rain and they had a table inside waiting for us. I still crave that foie, despite having it many times before. I would also highly recommend the duck.Straightforward french food in a really cute setting.  I'm sorry, but I thought the food was overall simple and forgettable-- I love simple food, but it was nothing impressive that I would want to return to.  Thought the bill was too high, that's fo sho.  Service was great; I got the impression the restaurant really runs well.I, my wife, my sister and brother-in-law had dinner here and had a fantastic evening. All of the food was spectacular. The beef bourguignon was so tender it was like butter, the porkchop was moist and flavorful, and the cassoulet was excellent as well. The standout amongst our appetizers was the poached egg with mussels - the tarragon went far better with the mussel flavor than I would have thought. The house wine was good and very affordable. The service was helpful and informative without being intrusive. We look forward to returning again.Amazing food, outstanding service. Reasonably priced for the quality of food, service, and ambiance. One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Outstanding French food. Away from the maddening crowds of the far too scene-stery Rittenhouse/Center City/13th St areas.The best French Restaurant in Philadelphia! Very reasonable prices and  have incredible food!Cute French bistro in neighborhood. Warm ambiance and good service.  The portion of dishes are generous here even for bistro. Had lamb shank and brisket dishes for main. Both were pretty good but they were really salty. I do like their dessert menu. Their Mille feuille is delicious. One thing I wasn't happy was their butter. They served little cold butter so hard to spread on bread :-(Just incredible. I've eaten here four times and every time Chef Kenny hits it out of the park- plus the service is always impeccable. Get the poached egg with mussels... or the rabbit... or the fois. All good!Good solid French menu. Scallops (2) starter very fresh and trout amandine main course. Both very good. Wine list minimal per glass choice small. Fun atmosphere and cordial service after a false start when I didn't want the table by the kitchen.Best escargot in the city!!! The service was impeccable, French music played at a perfect volume so that you could enjoy Edith Paid but still have a conversation, the food was delectable. Felt as if we were in Europe! Dining as it should be- unhurried. We spoke briefly with the chef & he was genuine & humble! Refreshing. Great for a special occasion.Love everything about this place but the brunch deal is what finally got me to post a review - the prix fixe (3 courses, $25) is a gem. Same high quality in taste and presentation as the dinner menu, a great variety of dishes (with a mix of breakfast and lunch, light and heavy options), and the same wonderful service as usual. We enjoyed brunch with kirs as well - love the drink menu here. Don't know why they aren't more crowded for brunch, but works in my favor!I'm reviewing this place again.  I wish I could afford to eat here all the time.  I also wish I could give it six stars.  We went for dinner and a movie last night.  Chef came out to talk to everyone in the courtyard about the movie, we had our usual amazing service and perfectly executed food, great wine, fantastic ambiance, and all around perfect evening.They were great when they first opened. I had the worst food and worst experience with service ever the last two times I ate there. If I have had good food and service, then have one bad experience, I give it a second chance, but not a third! 
Very, very disappointing.Had the best night here. The staff was very attentive and helpful. The ambience was romantic but not too crowded because the restaurant was a good size. Try the French beers! The chestnut honey one was especially yummy. We got the onion and potato soup, grapefruit and endive salad, lamb shank, duck confit and the raspberry mille feuille for dessert and they were all delicious! We were celebrating a special occasion and they even sent over complimentary truffles at the end. Perfect experience8 PM. Saturday night, Center City, Front row free parking. Could it get any better than this? Read on.
As we casually strolled across the street to Bistrot, my wife asked, how did you find this restaurant. I told her it was in the top 5 of restaurants to visit this year in Philly Mag. As I opened the door and parted the velvet curtain, we were greeted, and asked if we would like to check our coats. I gave the hostess our name and she responded with a happy birthday to my wife and took our coats. 
Greeting: A+
We sat at the cozy bar and were given drink menus by the bartender. Not being to familiar with french liquors my wife was assisted by the bartender and was served a cocktail which was delicious. I asked for my regular, bourbon. Unfortunately they only offer one bourbon, Makers .  I was served my drink and we chatted awhile with the bartender. As we finished our drinks, unrushed, we were advised our table was ready. 
Bar: A     (More bourbons)
We sat at our table and were given menus. The server began to explain certain items on the menu. He spoke of the house specialties and his favorites as well. 
To no fault of the server my wife couldn't here all he had to say, so, I filled in the blanks. After a few minutes we placed our order. Escargot and Steak Au Poivre for my wife and Mushrooms in puffed pastry and Daurade for me. 
Like nine little gold nuggets, no words are needed to describe the satisfied look on my wife's face as she ate them. To my dismay, I was only offered one. My mushrooms, shitaki? were a delight as well. The sauce that accompanied them was so rich that I was lucky to have enough puffed pastry to enjoy all of it. A couple more favas would have been nice though. 
Steak, cooked perfectly, looked and smelled amazing. Although I was offered a piece I had to declined because of my recently new adventure into no red meats.
The offer wasn't extended. The wife said fine, more for me. You dont know what you are missing. 
My Daurade, soft white fish with crispy skin. Awesome. The rice and cauliflower didn't seem to have the punch as in the description on the menu. It was alittle bland. 
Apps and Mains: A
My wife, not the dessert eater, was presented with a lovely plate decorated with a happy birthday scrolled in chocolate and two truffles. I had the Apple tart tatin. One of my favorite desserts. The caramel ice cream that topped the apples was very good. But the short cake that the apples were baked in was not what I was accustom to. I thought it should be more of a puffed pastry type shell. 
Dessert: A
As we sat and talked with our server and bartender my wife had an after dinner drink with her cappuccino. I, a regular coffee. We learned about Absinthe and Pastis and spoke of returning again. We were given our coats, happy birthday were wished and good nights were traded. We parted the velvet curtain, vowing to return again to try more of Chef Woolsey's creations.
Overall: A
In Philadelphia's landscape of "Starrs", Bistrot is a SUPER NOVA. Not to be missedSuperb French Cuisine!!  I had the Caille aux Raisins and Truite Meunière.  I would definitely go back...Mahalo Nui Loa!!I've been here a few times, but this is my initial review. I must say that this is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. The menu is classic bistro food, but they prepare it to the highest standard and on a consistent basis. The service is well executed and definitely well above average, hence a five star review. I recommend attending a regional dinner featuring cuisine and wine local to a particular French region. I never had an unfavorable experience and highly recommend.One of my favorite spots in Philly. Every time I go to Philly I try to go to this place and enjoy their poached egg with mussel. It is beyond perfect. I have been to many French restaurants but never tasted anything like this. Their entrees are also very delicious. Everything I tried was perfect. I was also surprised they cooked the rabbit meat to be so tender and juicy. I know it's not that easy. 
It's not a cheap place but quality comes with a price so definitely worth it!We invited friends who we haven't seen for 28 years to this restaurant because my husband loves the place. It was for Saturday brunch. They were very accommodating when we were late for 30 minutes due to traffic. The three course pre-fix was a great deal. Everything tastes so good and we love the presentation. We were a bit loud because we were excited to have so much to catch up. The waiters were very nice to us, they checked on us at every course and made friendly talks. It was nice to be reminded the tip was added for large party in the end. We highly recommend this place. Will go again for dinner.Bread was soft and fluffy. Escargot was delicious, could have been the slightest bit saltier. Beef cheeks were so tender but too salty. The highlight of the dish was the roasted vegetables in it. Their natural sweetness really came through. The pasta in the rabbit dish tasted homemade and fresh. The rabbit was succulent and tender. The millefeuille is excellent because the pastry is slightly burnt and has a caramel taste. The tarte tatin is way too sweet. One of the most authentic French places I've been to outside of France.We've been to two restaurant week meals here. The combination of the ambience, the service and the food makes for a great overall experience. When it comes to the food, I've been more impressed by the appetizers and desserts, which might just be a restaurant week thing, or it might be because I got the chicken and it just wasn't very exciting. This most recent time I got the oeuf de pecheur (delicious), poulet a la catalane (good but not great), and the assiette de fromages (always a hit). My man got the duck confit which I recommend more highly than the chicken. I would have liked a change in the menu form the previous restaurant week, and will continue to check in to see if/when updates are made. They also have an extensive wine/cocktail/liquor list, and even some draft beers. I'd also love to try the brunch!Amazing classic Bistro fare.
Try the Limonade and Absinthe cocktail, and anything with puff pastry.French food may be my favorite cuisine, and Bistrot la Minette did not disappoint. The freshly made baguettes and butter are addicting. My friend and I shared the mushroom puff pastry appetizer, which was rich and earthy. I got the ravioli because the vegetarian options were slim. It was nicely al dente with a carrot puree that was surprisingly amazing (because I'm not a huge fan of carrots). My friend got the duck and said it was good as well. We couldn't pass up dessert after hearing the ice cream flavors: vanilla, caramel, and a toasted flavor - the last being the best.
I can't wait to come back and try other things.My husband and I came here for restaurant week and we got the 3 course meal. We started off with the escargot and foie gras apetizers. The garlic somewhat overpowered the snails but they still tasted very good. I was kind of dissapointed we only got a small amount of foie gras, it was on top of a crouton. I know it's restaurant week and you can't get the full amount but i would have liked it without the crouton. 
I got the mustard braised rabbit and my husband got the pan roasted chicken with rosemary and root vegetables. The rabbit was cooked perfectly, it was very tender and the mustard sauce with pasta complimented it well. It was almost perfect but it could have used some kind of vegetables to accompany it. My husband's meal was also alot bigger than mine, I was eating some of his cause I was still kind of hungry. His meal was actually better than mine, it was more of a complete meal. The vegetables and rosemary were perfect with the chicken and had a lot of flavor. 
For dessert I got the chocolate mousse cake and my husband got the caramel custard. Both were good, but they didn't really amaze us. Also the service was somewhat slow. Our waiter seemed like he was just trying to get the day over with, he was cordial and polite but not overly friendly. Our chairs and tables were wobbley also. I was wondering if anyone's chair ever broke because they seemed so flimsy. Then I saw my husband look down at his chair he said the leg broke, he was lucky he didn't fall. He told the staff about the chair and they removed it but no one apologized. 
Overall the dinner was very good and we both enjoyed it. It just didn't have the wow factor that makes us say "wow We need to come back here right away!" If there is something really special added to the menu maybe we will. Otherwise, there's a bunch of other restaurants on our list to try.Went here last night for their anniversary celebration. The food here is quite wonderful! The staff was also very attentive and friendly. Definitely a nice addition to the city. I hope they have many more anniv to come!This unassuming French bistro in queen village is worth checking out. We'd passed by it many times simply due to the fact that we hadn't heard much about it. The decor feels like you're in a real French bistro, the food is creative and authentic yet approachable for those who are less adventurous and the service was great. We'll be back.I really liked this place.  Wish they had one in NYC area.
Reasonably priced French bistro food.  Not at all stuffy but served by the polite, knowledgeable, serious souls you'd find in fine dining. The servers seemed to really be proud of the food.  Very good sign.
What to try:
- Foie gras - Super smooth and the hazelnut and fig sauces it came with really set it off against the paper thin brioche slices
- Cassoulet - Delicious.  Crispy duck skin, buttery soft beans and chunks of lamb.  Perfect for a winter night.
- Beef cheeks - Normally I don't fall for the restaurant trick of serving cheap cuts for above-average prices.  But I had a good feeling about this place and my gamble paid off.  The beef cheeks were actually the size of tiny tenderloins but richer.  The dish came with soft pillows of French gnocchi.  I don't know the difference between French and Italian gnocchi but these were larger than Italian gnocchi but just as light.  Best part of the dish was the sauce pooled at the bottom.  Unbelievably delicious with the wine and richness of the beef cheeks. Worth ordering this dish just for that sauce.
More details:
- They make their own bread.  Crusty baguettes that come out every 15 minutes and sliced in the dining area.  Served with perfectly salted, room temp butter. SOOOO GOOOOOD.
- Great at details:  Amuse bouche of tiny gourgere will with some really good cheese.  Ended the meal with homemade chocolates. Makes you feel welcome from beginning to end.
- We came at a night where they were having a 4-course dinner to celebrate the Anjou wine region.  It was an absolute steal at $50 with wine pairings.  But the regular menu looked so good that we had to try it.  I can only assume it was popular since the place was packed by 7pm on a Wednesday night.
My only complaint?  Cheese plate was good and they had a nice selection.  I just wish it came with jam/jelly/sweet paste instead of butter lettuce. It was good but not what I wanted for an after-dinner cheese plate.
p.s. The place is quite charming.  Feels like it belongs in a town outside of Paris - not overly done.  Cozy but not so small that its impossible to get a table.  Lighting is not bright but brighter than candle light so you can see their food.  Bathroom has the neatest vanity - looks like an enormous vanity but with double sinks. No paper towels - washcloths to dry your precious little hands.  Very romantic.Went here for restaurant week and had an okay experience. I loved the ambiance but the food and service were mediocre. 
The dishes were very pretty and well put together but the flavors were very average and had nothing very unique about them. 
We got the foie gras and beef tar tar for the appetizer. The appetizers were excellent and were definitely the highlight of the meal. For the entree, I got the duck and my boyfriend got the rabbit. Both were satisfactory but left a little to be desired. For dessert, I got the highly recommended peach cake. It was very cute but the flavors were lacking. My boyfriend got the chocolate mouse for dessert. It was delicious but very very rich. They served like 3 times more mouse than was necessary. 
Overall, the ambiance and appearance were nice but the flavors were ordinary.First time and we were blown away. Don't let french food intimidate you if you have never had it. If you have, this restaurant is one of the best, PERIOD. Food is outstanding, service is wonderful and price/value is perfect. Great for date night, friends or groups(they have a private dining room). Also you can bring your own however there is a corkage. Put this place on your list in Philly either for lunch or dinner. BTW they make their own bread. You'll never order bread at another restaurant again.The wife has been in the mood for french food, so we took this restaurant week opportunity to try Bistrot la Minette.  Overall, it was a decent meal.  We started off with the Escargot and the Foie Gras.  I went with the Poulet and my wife went with the mustard-braised rabbit.  The two of us also split the three-cheese french macaroni and cheese.  For dessert, we split the chocolate mousse cake and the caramel custard. 
We arrived right on time for our reservation and we were promptly seated in the back.  Service was very quick throughout the first two entrees.  The first course came out and we picked food off of each others plates.  I thought her snails were cooked perfectly and the Foie Gras was nicely complemented by cocoa nibs and a cherry compote.  Our main entrees soon came out along with the mac and cheese.  We split up the meals and the chicken was fantastic.  I enjoyed the few bites I took of the rabbit, but I thought my chicken dish was more complete.  Weirdly, service then began to heavily slow down and our plates weren't cleared and desserts seemed to take awhile.  When we were first seated, we sat between two other couples and they got through the entree, dessert, and the check significantly quicker than it took us.  
I was thinking about getting another cocktail during my meal, but by the time I was asked, I thought we would soon be leaving and I declined.  Originally, when we were told about the meal, the waiter made it seem like we had the choice of two sides that came with the meal, but they were additional charges.  I also had a wobbly chair throughout the meal.  Myself and the entire staff should be so thrilled that I took that chair, because if my wife did, there would be hell to pay.  After dessert, I moved my chair back a little bit and the front-right leg fell off.  Fortunately, I didn't fall, but I had to switch chairs.  Maybe five minutes after my chair broke, I was able to flag down someone to let them know it was broken.  Shortly after, our check came and we left.  It really did seem like everything was on point at the start of the meal, but then fell apart towards the end.  Would I be back?  I have no idea, but nothing was that over the top that made us feel like we have to come back anytime soon.Best meal I've had in Philadelphia.
My boyfriend and I dined at Bistro La Minette one Sunday.  It wasn't very busy.  We sat in the "garden" in the back of the restaurant, alone, but loved it.
Our server, Kane, was just fantastic.  So professional, courteous, and helpful.  At times he felt like a ninja, filling our water and dropping the check without the slightest intrusion.
As for the food, oh my god, the food!  To start we ordered the heirloom tomato salad and the "euf de pecheur" (poached egg, mussels, and a creamy sauce), a must-order.  Then, we had a lemon crusted Halibut with a side of macaroni and cheese and pan-seared foie gras over an apple tatine (?) paired with Les Pins' Monbazillac.  Dessert consisted of a mille feuille aux framboises and L'opera.  Everything was wonderfully timed, wonderful tasting, and really, for lack of a better word, ridiculous.
Would definitely go back. Again, and again and again ...and again.For a French Bistro...  this is as good as it gets in Philly!  And beyond.  Kane the bartender was excellent!   Thank you Kane (forgive me if I'm getting your name wrong).  The service and food are both excellent.  The space is quaint and charming.  They are doing it right there!   Excellent!Yummy, great service. Too bad they ran out of the creme brulee. =(Omg. That was the best meal we've had in a WHILE. we did the $25pp family style meal- such a great option. All day Sunday and mon-thu 5:30-6:30. It came with a giant salad of endive and frisée with goat cheese and golden raisins and pears. It was delicious. Then we chose the chicken, mashed potatoes and haricot verts. The potatoes were so good, I have never eaten any better than those. So buttery and light and seasoned perfectly. Potato crack is more accurate. The chicken was juicy with crispy skin and so precisely cleaned and presented. The mustard sauce was tangy and refreshing. Ugh. So good. But then after all that you get a pot de creme and it's like the richest, loveliest chocolate mousse/pudding on the planet. Highly highly recommended.Put quite simply, every single thing we had was amazing. We started with Butternut Squash soup and Flammeküeche. Both were delicious. The little bits of bacon lardon and hazelnuts in the soup worked perfectly. I had the Beef Bourguignon and my wife had the Cassoulet de Toulouse. And again, both were perfect. The service was excellent and the price was more than reasonable for food of this quality. We will definitely be back.Came here for restaurant week with the dude and had a good experience. The food is good, the restaurant is cozy, and the service is excellent. Maybe Yelp hyped it up for me, leading me to think this would be an incredible experience, but I'm not going to lie - it wasn't memorable.
The food:
-Escargot- 8 adorable little cups filled with garlic/butter oil, snail, and a little crouton to top it off. It was good, but nothing impressive. I was really excited about this dish, so it was rather disappointing for me to say the least.
-Farmer's poached egg on toast with mussels- A couple of Yelp reviews convinced me that this was going to be a wonderful dish so I insisted the dude order for his appetizer. Even though I knew he didn't like mussels, I was sure this dish would change his mind. Nope! After eating one mussel, it was confirmed that he still didn't like them. There were A LOT of mussels, which I ended up eating. They were good, but I've better. Having eaten half of the dude's appetizer, I dared not touch his poached egg on toast. He said it was really good, but he could have been lying just to spare my guilt for pushing him to order a dish that was just average. 
-Beef cheeks- Beautiful presentation, fresh ingredients, tender meat, and bold flavor. It looks like a small portion, but it does fill you up. Not over stuffing you, but just enough to leave you feeling satisfied. The dude enjoyed this (thank goodness!) and said it reminded him of a Korean dish his grandma used to make. 
-Lamb/Duck/Sausage Casserole- A very hearty stew that you would enjoy on a cold winter's night. It's very comforting, a classic homey type of dish. The duck and lamb were very tender, but my sausage was overcooked. It was a solid dish, but again, nothing special.
-3 Cheese Macaroni- We ordered this side dish for $8, but it was quite bland and the dude thought it smelled bad. Well, the fancier the cheese, the stinkier it is.
-Upside down apple tart- The dude only liked the ice cream, which is surprising because he loves apple pie. He ate one slice of apple and just left the rest on the plate. 
-Layered puff pastry with raspberries- This was only thing that "wowed" me at Bistrot la Minette and I probably would go back just to eat this heavenly dessert again! I'm not big on sweets, I prefer savory or tart flavors, so this light dessert was perfect for my palette. The layered pastries were thin and flakey, lightly salty because of the caramel coating. The cream was not too thick or sweet, but rather airy and tart. The raspberries were fresh and chilled, just a perfect topping for this dessert. It was definitely my favorite dish of the night, highly recommend!
Besides the mixed feelings on the food, the service and atmosphere is great! The waiters don't mess around, always clearing plates, bringing out food as soon as it's done, refilling drinks, changing utensils on the table... just stand out service! They also do coat checks and have a small, but nice bar area in the front. One thing to note is their bathroom is unisex. It's not that weird once you realize a guy or a gal could be entering when you're washing your hands. It's only weird (and awkward) if you or the other person walking in doesn't know.I agree with the reviewer who talked about saltiness, but am not sure why that (and the Illy cups?) merit two stars for "La Minette." Maybe the coat check was too cool for her...
So it's not the "Best place in Philly" but it's very good. It's some of the most authentic French bistro food you'll get in the US. Yes, some dishes are quite salty, but you'll get that in a nice place in Paris, too. The restaurant has beautifully flavored dishes and excellent drinks. It's expensive; but again, so is just about anywhere in a big city where you have great service and fine dining. 
So now that I've taken on the Yelpiverse, let me just say that this place is absolutely worth visiting; especially if you're missing your favorite little restaurant by the Seine. I had my own small quibbles (yes, salty, and they should carry classier sparkling water or make their own, and the food took just a little too long to get to us) but it's darn good and you can't go wrong there, which is more than one could say about most places.This restaurant was fantastic and French together in one
We went last night during restaurant week. Our beautiful Hostess Marina made sure there was room for us! You could taste that Everything was hand crafted and combined with Love
The foie gras was PERFECT ! Melted in your mouth - toast included
Beet salad delicious ... rainbow trout with almonds perfect and a twist - Parisienne Gnocci - delightfully pan fried yet not too heavy 
The chocolate cake and cappuccino was also perfect 
What a delightful evening - thank you 
Homemade bread - quaint french decor - alive and giving !  We are from DC area ... but will be backHave the escargot and grilled sardines. Everything from food to the service was excellent! Best kept secret in Philadelphia. Cool place to hangout for after work drinks.Such a wonderful meal! It was so great to eat at a yummy restaurant in Philly that was not Italian or farm-to-table / New American. 
The ambiance is adorable, the food is amazing and the service is friendly. Biggest tip - if it says "puff pastry" somewhere (first course, dessert, whatever), get it. It's pretty much guaranteed to be amazing.
The goods: wild mushroom puff pastry, beef tartare, rabbit with house-made tagliatelle and stuffed quail. The desserts were also good - again, go wtih the puff pastry. Def must try again!My husband and I ventured here a few nights ago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary.  After hearing good things and reading prior reviews, we were excited to try Bistro la Minette out.  However, from the moment we walked into the restaurant, I knew the service was going to be shoddy.  
I'm not one for over-the-top fake niceties, but a little enthusiasm would have been appreciated upon our arrival.  Once seated, our waiter quickly rattled off the specials and then disappeared for about 10 minutes - no drink order was taken, no offer was given to open the bottle of wine that was clearly sitting on top of our table.  
Once the waiter returned, I asked a question about adding some morels to my appetizer dish - and was told I could 'absolutely not' add them.  Really?  I understand if its the chef's policy, but at least give me that as an answer, not an incredibly rude and brush off.  I wasn't asking for them to be free - just a possibility.
Then the bread arrived.  My God, that bread is certainly a gift from heaven.  Perfectly warm, served with room temp butter, it all but melted in our mouths - things were looking up (but only briefly).
The black truffle pasta 1st course was delicious, fresh pasta with a light cream sauce and shaved black truffles (best dish of the night).   My husband's octopus, however, did not fare as well.  It was cooked perfectly, but the red sauce completely overwhelmed the flavor of the octopus leaving us to wonder what they were trying to cover up and the mollusk's degree of freshness.
Our main courses were also just OK.  Nothing spectacular and certainly not worth the $28/entrée.
The final blow came at dessert - I ordered the clafoutis and was brought something different.  Upon sending it back, very politely might I add, I actually witnessed a direct eye-roll from our server.  I understand, being a server is difficult, diners can be total jerks (which I wasn't), but honestly, an eye-roll?
We will not be returning - and had it not been for the french bread and that delicious pasta dish, this rating would have been much more dismal.Bistrot La Minette is an excellent choice for casual French fare with great service and ambiance. They even gave us a light puff pastry and chocolates complimentary.
- Escargot was very good, 9 pieces in individual little pots
- Tartare was quite flavorful
- Duck confit was amazing, cooked so well
- Rabbit with homemade tagliatelle was excellent as well
Great wine options for those with fancy palates. For those on a budget, the house wine was pretty decent and affordable, also with options for half bottle or full bottle.
Deserts looked great too.Bistrot La Minette is a must go to in the Philly area. I am truly surprised that it's taken me so long to finally go here. If you are familiar with the restaurant scene around here: think Parc but small scale and more romantical
We had a quiet dinner for a party of 4 to celebrate a birthday. The service was so friendly and knowledgeable when I asked for suggested wine pairings. Even though we came in for a later dinner on a weeknight, at no point did I feel rushed which was a pleasant surprise. I highly recommend this place for birthdays and date nights when you want to have a relaxed, delicious dinner out. 
The eats:
Butternut squash soup was one of the best I've had
Foie Gras terrine was delicious but VERY savory. It was a little much just for one person on their own to get through for an appetizer. Can't complain for too much food though right?
Onion tart is out of this world if you're in to caramelized onions. 
Miller style trout is a YES. I have never had a trout prepared better then this one was. I am such of fan of this dish it's ridiculous. The veggies were great too. Get it.
Beef bourguignon was also a great dish and probably my second favorite thing we got.
All of the desserts were amazing but the BEST was the Mille Feuille aux Framboises. Heaven in your mouth. It's basically a layered deliciousness of puff pastry, cream, and fresh raspberries.Œuf du Pêcheur is amazing, so are the pork cheeks.
Steak tartare was also pretty good but I did not find it in the menu the last time we were there.
Ambience is great, typical bistro. Nice selection of wines and service is great too!Best food in the city. Attentive service. Fine french dining without pretentions. Unreal scallops. Bread to die for.I'm giving them 5 stars for the food, but their service wasn't the best. They weren't very attentive, we tried getting their attention several times, and one of their servers didn't even apologize (or say anything else) when my friend pointed out there was a hair in her mille feuille. Having said that, someone else later came to apologize and bring her a piece of chocolate cake to make up for it. 
I had the poached eggs with mussels. It was probably one of the better things I've eaten in a restaurant in a while. Toast crunchy, eggs perfect, buttery mussels and sauce, yum. The mille feuille was great too. 
This restaurant really takes you to France. The ambience was incredibly relaxing and mellow. I will definitely come here for dinner sometime soon.Very disappointing.  Nothing tasted fresh-it all seemed warmed over. Brutalist service (Just because the French are reputed to be rude?), small portions of overly salted and buttered food, lamb seriously  undercooked (we asked for medium, this was less than blue) and poor cut, Sardines limp and  inferior despite being touted as plat de la maison, Rhubarb sorbet tasted like salt and nothing else. Back garden is a heat sink between two high walls and very loud if a large party is next to you. I would not return.The service is always impeccable.  The drinks are excellent.  Ask your server and they will always point you to the best dishes on the menu, which will guarantee they are always excellent.  The bread is the finest anywhere, and I never butter my bread, but I do here.  The desserts are top notch.  To get the full experience, order drinks, appetizer, entree, and dessert, but if you're on a budget, you could scale back and still enjoy yourself for less.  And if you go when the tomato tart is in season, well, you can thank me later.Saltier than the French food I'm used to in NYC. Overall the food is good but not remarkable. The presentation really nice and service excellent. Not much intimacy in the seating so you can't really have a private conversation. We ended up talking with the people next to us. I would go to dine with family or a group, but not for a date.I came here recently for an indulgent date night. From the moment we were seated to the moment we exited through the front door, we had nothing but extraordinary service. Our server was very pleasant, a little chatty (but not too much!) and helpful.
We ordered from the special summer Provencale menu and were treated to very light but flavorful dishes - rabbit for me and lamb for my boyfriend. We split an escargot appetizer and snacked on a complimentary cheesy puff pastry. And of course, the bread and butter is not to be missed! French cuisine doesn't make me weak in the knees, but this was outstanding food. For dessert, we took suggestions from our server and were not disappointed. The meal ended with complimentary chocolate, and a lovely walk afterwards.
I was told by a friend that the house wine is pretty darn good, so we opted for a pitcher of house white. I am not a wine snob so my opinion doesn't mean much here, but I enjoyed it.Tried this place with my husband for restaurant week and we thought it was really good! 
First course: 
Œuf de Pêcheur - I loved this! It had a poached egg on top of toast with a delicious cream sauce. There were 3 mussels in the shell and another 6 on top. 
Escargots à La Bourguignonne - My husband got esgargot. It was very garlic/ buttery. I had never had esgargot before so not sure how it compares to other places. 
Main course: 
Confit de Canard- I got the duck confit and thought it was really good. The skin was nice and crispy. Some bites of the duck seemed slightly dry to me, but all in all a very good dish. Paired nicely with the side of legumes, green beans, and arugula and a lemon-y sauce. 
Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde - My husband got the rabbit, which I tried a bite. The meat was very tender. It came with a side of pasta.
Dessert: 
Mille Feuille aux Framboises - This dessert was amazing! I'd come back here just to get it again. It had flaky caramelized puff pastry sheets with vanilla cream and raspberries in between. So good!My husband, daughter and father-in-law wandered in five minutes until closing, desperate for a meal (we had just flown in, hungry and tired).  I expected to be treated like an interloper, but when we asked if we could still get dinner, we were welcomed warmly and without hesitation, like they were actually pleased to see us.  (My pet peeve is restaurants who say they are open until, say, 10:30, but if you walk in at 10:15, they give you the stink-eye and the bum's rush.  Just say that you close at 10:00, then, and save us both some trouble.)
We were just beginning our vacation, on our way to New York for a few days, and I have to say, this was the best dining experience we had the entire trip, including a Jean George joint in NYC, and restaurants which cost twice as much.
Not to say that BdM is inexpensive, because it is not.  But considering the quality of food, the adorable atmosphere and the fantastic service, it was a great value.
Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable and courteous.  He knew his shit.  I had the freshwater sardines app.  The little fillets were charred to perfection and tasted of woodfire and yum.  The lemon vinagarette was just so.  Next, I had the trout menuire with haricorts verts and fingerling potatoes: simple, classic deliciousness.
My husband had the cassoulet with a duck drumstick and assorted other meats.  He said it was one of the best things he's ever had.  I didn't have dessert, but it looked wonderful (some kind of donuts with raspberry sauce and ice cream).
We were the last people left in the room, but not once did we get a nudge out the door.  As we left, I felt like we were dinner guests, not customers.  Corny as it sounds, you could see there is a lot of love in this place.  (Also, the waiter ran two blocks to where our car was parked to return a forgotten scarf...sweet!)
If I lived in Philly, this would be my favorite place.  We couldn't stop talking about it for days.The host cancelled my reservation when I told him I made it on opentable. He said that the restaurant gets charged $7 per reservation. Apparently my $120 tab for dessert and drinks wasn't enough to cover their loss. My sole reason for choosing this place was the fact that I could make a reservation with opentable last minute. Guess who's not coming back? 
Oh not to mention, that I ordered a glass of absinthe and louched it to my particular taste.  Apparently, the waitstaff did not approve of the way I like to pour ice water over the intact sugar cube and decided to interrupt me and crush the cube on my spoon. No offense, but if you're not drinking it and not paying for it, back off.  The service at this place is Appalling.  Had I not been with my girlfriend and her mother, I would have went across the street for better service.Great little spot off of south street. The atmosphere, food and service were all great. I took my lady friend here for a special occasion because she loves French Bistros.  I am a little but of a picky eater and I did not have any trouble finding a great meal.
Overall it was Very Good but a little pricey for a casual dinner.  I would visit this place for a special occasions but not all the time.Just wow. So we went the other night for dinner, as they were ranked in the top 50 in Philly of 2012. Date had rabbit for the main course, said it was fantastic. I had the Duck Confit, which was melt in your mouth amazing. I have a few food allergies, and one of them is dairy. Well, French food = butterific, so the waiter wasn't certain which appetizer would be best so he went to ask the chef. Upon returning, he informed us that the chef advised that it would be best if he could MAKE UP A DISH FOR ME. Ummm ok if you insist, LOL! It was a scallops dish and it was to die for. Seriously, what a great experience, all around. Customer service, food, drinks, knowledge of the food by the waiter.. all of it was fantastic. 5 stars!!!Had a DELICIOUS dinner last night at this wonderful little bistrot. It's (thankfully) off any main drags so sitting outside on the small seating area is quiet enough to be quite enjoyable.
This is our second time there, but I am quite sure I'll be back - in fact I'd like to make it our regular!!
Service is excellent, attentive but not obtrusive, professional and polished. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming it just puts you into a good mood!! The chef even took a moment out to come out and say hello, and we gave him well-deserved kudos on the excellent meal.
Oh yes. The food. Delicious. I had an appetizer (from the newest menu) of "bouchee a la reine" which is a puff pastry nest overflowing with a ragout of wild mushrooms. Crispy-crumbly buttery puff pastry is a perfect vehicle for the mushrooms - which held large, generous pieces of morel (one of the best mushrooms in my book), black, and other varieties of mushrooms. They are served with bright green fava beans and a wonderful creamy and rich sauce touched with Jurassiene wine (intense, almost like a sherry). You'll want to have lots of the perfect bread they serve on hand to sop up every last bit of that sauce. Or just lick your plate. 
My companion had the new soup that was also recently added to the menu, a flavorful, creamy potato-leek soup dressed with brown butter croutons and parsley oil swirls. It's the kind of soup you know is going right to your thighs, but it's just too hard to stop eating the generous piping-hot portion until the last drop is gone.
For mains, my companion -having less-than-bottomless capacity for food like I do, went with her favorite, the escargots. They are served in the cutest, tiniest little individual crocks, and spot-on for a traditional preparation. It's nice to note there is a fine balance of butter, garlic and herbs. Some places often try and kill you with too much garlic which you still remember days later, these are just right.
Have a more hearty appetite, I went for the Faux-Filet de Bœuf Sauce Foie Gras, a strip steak cut to look almost like a filet mignon, and an generous portion at that. This is heavenly and hit the spot since I'd been craving a good steak. While it's the most-expensive item at 28 dollars, the menu is quite reasonably priced. Good luck finding a steak, with accompaniments, at most restaurants for less then 38 dollars. And what delectable accompaniments!! Brussels sprouts, wonderfully prepared roasted or somehow caramelized (and was that a subtle little kick of something acidic to balance out their almost-sweet earthiness? I love Brussels sprouts. Well, provided someone doesn't boil them like my Mother, which should be illegal. I digress).  The plate is drizzled with a thick red wine reduction, which swirls nicely with the fois gras sauce on and under the steak for a perfect combination.. And yes, more bread. Although carb-counters may cringe, the dish also comes with Pommes Dauphine, the softest clouds of potatoes (note these are different than "Dauphinoise" which is a gratin) that are mixed with choux pastry and deep fried into small ball shapes, Wonderful - if you're going for the rich meat dish, one might as well have their potatoes and like them, too, right?
Lest the waitress think we were done, we finished off our wine (a very solid St. Emilion) with a salad, in the "digestif" style I grew up with - simple Bibb lettuce mixed with vinaigrette and chives.
And no, still not done. We couldn't resist ... (ok, I confess it was all MY idea) the wonderful and perfectly executed creme brulee for dessert. Thankfully the chef here doesn't drift off with desserts - I'm a purist and this was an excellent rendition. Lavender or weird flavors in creme brulee like make trendy places? Pah!!  This one is a generous size, too, and simply served with a couple of plump blackberries.
The wait staff informed us the chef likes to make sure people are overly full when they leave - now that's MY kind of guy!! (Including the extra slice of chocolate mousse cake, AND the little chocolates served with the check - it's impossible to go home hungry from here. And I plan on taking him up on the "fill-me-up and roll-me-outta-here" approach next time we go back!! (Yes, you pecky eaters and waist watchers can have plenty of choices on the menu to keep things under control. But hey, it's French food. My grandmother (still 92 and kicking around) is living proof that lots of butter and red wine are good for the soul.
The restaurant also offers a "family meal" special weeknights and Sundays (not Friday or Saturday) which is a $25 dollar appetizer-entree type arrangement, but they advise to call in advance as it is a fixed menu from 5-6pm.
They now also offer a 5- or 7-course tasting menu, as well as a "French Family dinner" served family style for larger parties (heck, I can eat enough to qualify for 2 people myself!!) but it's advied to check the website or call for the specifics on those options.
My new favorite place!!!I came here for restaurant week! I started off my meal with the beef tartar. It was my first time having it.It came with a raw egg on top and a few slices of a baguette. I wasn't the biggest fan of it because it was very mushy, but I guess I should have expected that. It did taste fresh and I didn't get sick from it, so that's a plus. For the entree I had the duck confit. It fell right off the bone, but too salty for my taste buds. It was served with plums and grilled fennel. The Sweetness of plums balanced well with the saltiness of the duck, and the fennel provided a neutral flavor. For dessert I had the chocolate mousse, which was smooth but fairly dense. Overall, the meal was pretty good
The restaurant itself is super cute! There's an open kitchen in the back, dim lighting and it just makes it feel like you're in a cafe in paris.My boyfriend had made online reservations for my birthday back in May and requested to be seated outside if it did not rain, and on the day of, we arrived late and instead were seated inside despite it not raining, however, we realized that all of the patrons were indoors anyway so we didn't mind. Our waiter was great! He was very knowledgeable about the menu at the time, and even recommended us some menu items per course for our dinner including wine pairings but we somehow managed to order something other than what was recommended.
I do not remember what my boyfriend ordered for his mise en bouche but I ordered some kind of noodle pasta in a creamy sauce with herbs, and it was very good. And during our mise en bouche, a server had come by with a plate of fried goat cheese balls as complimentary and they were absolutely to die for. As for the second course, my boyfriend had like a steak with fries and I had lamb with ratatouille. The fries that came with my boyfriend's entree were different from fries you'd find anywhere, there were only a few of them but they actually tasted and felt like potatoes. It was also the first time I ever had lamb and although I enjoyed it later on that night I found out that lamb may not sit too well with my stomach and have since avoided eating lamb, however, it was still a meal/an experience to remember.
As for wine, we had the house wine but I do not remember the names. My boyfriend had been complaining that I wasn't drinking mine and then when I proceeded to do so, I noticed there was a bug of some sort floating in my cup and a restaurant personnel quickly attended to the matter, and replaced the glass with no charge at all.Wonderful French Restaurant, 
1.romantic, 
2. great service, 
3. Great food
4. Great wine and drinks
So easy to sum up this wonderful gem!I really don't get the good reviews about this place! Yes the decor feels authentic and the outdoor area is great but that's where the pros stop.
We went here last night for dessert, cheese and drinks. The Sazarac was the worst we've experienced in the city, the wine was like vinegar ($12 a glass), the creme brûlée too heavy and did the cheese board come with some chutney, honey, quince or anything remotely similar? Nope just some soggy iceberg lettuce covered in Caesar dressing and toast. Awful.impeccable and Amazing.  Exactly what you want in a neighborhood French Bistro.  My girlfriend never had French food before and Bistrot La Minette did not disappoint.  
The wine was reasonably priced and tasty.  The waiter was friendly and knowledgable.  He did not try and up-sell us and gave us frank and honest advice.
The food was delicious.  The mussels served with poached egg was by far the star of the meal.  We should have ordered two portions -that's how good it was and with no hyperbole.  We also as an appetizer the escargot and it too was very good.  Each escargot was served in an individual ceramic thimble-sized pot with garlic butter and a side of toast.  For the main courses, we shared rabbit and the monkfish.  My gf thought the rabbit was a little gamey, but I thought it was cooked to perfection.  We both enjoyed the monkfish; it was light and fresh.  We enjoyed the Mille Feuille Aux Framboises for desert and it was out of this world.  
There is a prix fix dinner on Sundays for around $30 that we are excited to try.  
I highly recommend this dinner.  Romantic but not stuffy.  Thumbs up.  I give it 5 stars and have officially found my go-to French restaurant in Philly.I have been here for happy hour several times and it has been on the top of my list of places to try for dinner (since their appetizers are phenomenal) and finally went! Their food is some of the best I've had in the city, the service is great, and the atmosphere (even when sitting directly next to people you don't know) is enjoyable.  For apps, I have had almost all of the items on their menu - a great bit on my most recent trip, I had the special - pork belly - and honestly I didn't need dinner! Cooked and flavored to perfection. For entrees we had their rabbit and duck - both SO good that I'm hesitant to ever try anything else. If you are looking for a nice dinner out - this is the place to go!Everything is amazing here. I dream of the Oeuf du Pecheur. I chose here for my Valentine's Day date this year.  This was after failing, believing the hype about another place further up the South St last year. 
The service is amazing, The floor manager immediately attended to us, made us feel welcome, seconds after we were seated.  That's not one of the reasons  I visit a restaurant, and fortunately they knocked all the reasons I do out of the park.  Every course was incredible, engaging, and the perfect amount of food.  The favorite familiar items were there, along with perfectly chosen items for the occasion. The cocktails followed the same script. 
It's the kind of place, where you feel like you owe them a favor when you leave. The service and food is that good, with zero pretentiousness. You've had such a good experience after you've left, you want to go back for every meal, and think of them as great friends.This is one of my faves for consistently good food and nice atmosphere. Delish wine and cocktails-the butter! I dream of their bread and butter. This is french comfort food!Loved the cocktails, the dinner and the ambience (as always) but a bit disappointed with our server last night.  
My husband & I were there for a special occasion --  a landmark birthday for my hubby (which I mentioned when they called to confirm the reservation).  At the end of dinner we noticed another table had a sweet little plate with happy birthday written in chocolate, so I asked one of the staffers to flag our waitress, since I thought they would do the same for us (since I mentioned it when I called ... not that big of a deal, but I just wanted my husband's milestone birthday to seem a bit more special).  
The waitress comes over with the plate and instead of saying happy birthday, she said "oh another birthday over here" and places the plate on our table.  Then when it came time for the check - she just dropped it on the table, with no words about having a nice evening, or thank you for dining with us, etc.  
When you spend $175+ a couple for dinner, you would expect at least a thank you for joining us this evening... instead of a drop and run, as if we were at a burger and a beer joint.
Unfortunately, we left feeling disappointed.  Yeah, first world problem I know, but I did want a bit better service for us for a very special occasion. 
I'd like to deduct 2 stars for that waitress (who never introduced herself, so I don't know her name -- she just didn't seem that interested in even being there)  but i just deducted one star, since it wasn't the chef's fault.What a gem of a place this is!
My husband took me here on our two-year anniversary and it was easily one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time.
First of all, we picked quite possibly one of the most beautiful nights to come here. When I saw the tiny little deck area with tables set up outside, I knew we had to sit there. I was glad we did. It made the experience even better. This place is small, intimate and chic - it takes you back to France. It's so comforting you just want to linger.
We were each greated with a complimentary cheese puff to pop in our mouths at the get go. Very nice. And then, the bread. Ahhh the bread. The freshly baked bread is worth the price of admission. That bread - hot and crusty - coupled with some wine and cheese - would have sealed the deal for me. But luckily, the night was still young.
We didn't get appetizers, though they all looked delicious. For the main course, I ordered the roasted chicken with rice pilaf. The chicken was delicious - the skin crackling and tasty - if not a little bit dry. But still good. The basmati rice it was served with was SO good. I don't know what they did to make it taste that great but bravo.
My husband ordered the strip steak. He asked for it medium rare but it clearly came out medium well. Still, it was quite tasty, even if not exactly done to his liking. It was accompanied by potato "balls" and spinach. Both were tasty.
Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. However, we ordered a side of mac and cheese that never arrived at our table. Still, it was a minor misstep as we had already filled ourselves up with so much bread we realized we didn't need it anyway.
The desserts are homemade and delicious. Save room for them. I got the rice pudding, which was served in a bowl surrounded by fresh berries. The pudding was a little skimpy, but delicious, and the berries were ripe and tasty. My husband got a layer cake with coffee and homemade whipped cream that was just divine.
We were ready to leave when the waiter rushed outside with a plate decorated in chocolate that said "happy anniversary" on it. There were two chocolate truffles on it. Delicious. And a nice way to end the night.
Prices were reasonable. Food was delicious. Atmosphere - can't be beat. I will definitely be back.We went to Paris a couple of month ago, so we came here because we missed the French food we had in Paris. 
1. We ordered two appetizers, two entrees, one side dish, two glasses of red wine, one dessert to share, total including tips came out to be $170 for two people. Actually more expensive than the French food we had in Paris.
2. The portions were TINY, the seared foie gras on the side was one tiny piece, the size of an olive.... $13 for that tiny piece. We had better foie gras in Paris triple the size for that price.
3. Food was decent French, not bad, not amazing. For the price I'd expect more.
4. Service was just ok. My husband had told them it's our anniversary so upon reservation they said they would make it extra special for us, the extra special part came at the end on a plate of chocolate sauce with two tiny pieces of chocolate...
5. I'm giving it 3 stars because the food was decent, the price and service were not.First, my husband and I are as picky as they come. We enjoy when food needs no seasoning to melt in your mouth.  That being said, I had originally planned our trip here on movie night ( Mondays and Thursdays at 8pm) however since Southwark was closed, and we couldn't find Salt  and Pepper, we decided to make it a special night. Not only do they have a magnificent selection of drinks, but the servers were knowledgeable and attentive and before even asking have told you their favorites. 
We started with the tomato salad, which was just as sweet and light as fine summers day. After a class of 5$ French bier - tasty but I would have liked to try one of the champagne drinks if I had a time machine - I ordered the Alaskan halibut with haricot verts and fingerling potatoes which, along with being presented naturally, tasted as mouth watering as it looked. We were presented with, at different points in our meal, little palette stimulator's - cheese puffed pastry on one occasion and homemade chocolate pieces on another - both were just right. 
The dessert is to die for. Whether you. Choose the cake or the ice cream - don't skip this one because you are too full.  
The atmosphere reminded me of a similar Bistrot Saint Michael's SI've been here several times before, and I'm always amazed by the stellar food and service. I came here for restaurant week yesterday, and I'm glad that they included some of their best dishes from their menu. What impressed me even more was that the quality and plating of their food during restaurant week was just as good as usual :) Our waiter was also very friendly, accommodating our requests for extra bread. Definitely my best restaurant week experience these past two weeks.
Food: I ordered the Oeuf de Pêcheur for appetizer, which I've tried before and it was just as delicious as I remembered. The egg is cooked perfectly so the yolk just spills onto the toast, and the bread seems very freshly baked. The mussels are a perfect combination with the egg and toast, though I think the sauce was slightly on the heavy side.      For the entree, I decided to get Cassoulet de Toulouse, which is a duck leg confit in a stew. I usually get the rabbit (lapin) which is one of my absolute favourites, but the duck leg may be one of my new favourites. It was sprinkled with bread crumbs, and the stew perfectly balanced the rich flavour of the duck. The sausage was just average, but the duck leg was juicy and tender.       For dessert, I had the mille feuille which was the perfect way to end the night. The pastry was flaky and buttery, while the cream itself had a very strong vanilla flavour (I'm pretty sure they used fresh vanilla beans). Even the raspberries were large and fresh!
Overall, I had a fantastic dinner, and will definitely be back again many times to try everything else on their menu!Bistrot La Minette doesn't look like your average upscale restaurant. It's hard to miss that the lighting is brighter than usual and everything is yellow and red, very red. But I enjoyed the coziness of it.
Our server tried to upsell everything (alcohol, non-alcoholic drinks, food, desserts), which worked but got pretty annoying. The kitchen ended up making a pretty bad mistake, but graciously and quickly fixed it. Made me wonder why we had to wait 20 minutes for food if they could whip up my dish again in just 3.
My boyfriend and I had just eaten a few hours ago, so we weren't very hungry and just got a main course each. The portions are truly not that large, so don't even try to get away with just one plate for a normal meal. My trout was great, but not spectacular, though I did enjoy all the vegetables that came with it. My boyfriend liked his rabbit, but he almost choked on some small bones a few times.
Not sure why it's one of the highest-rated restaurants in Philly, but it's definitely above average for a special occasion.A very nice French Bistrot.  The chef/owners do a good job of varying the menu, and regularly have themed menus focusing on an ingredient or region of France.  The atmosphere is very nice, and is themed to resemble a French Bistrot, with marble tables and copper cookware hanging from the kitchen proscenium.  A good place for a date or quiet family dinner; they have outdoor seating in the nicer weather.I went here during a huge snow storm. The staff was super friendly and didn't let the bad weather get in the way of offering great food and service. The also understand wine pairing very well. Overall the food paired with the experience is 5 star.I think Bistrot La Minette is underrated when it comes to restaurants in Philly. I have eaten here twice and really enjoyed my meals. A couple of weeks ago, I came with a party of 3 and had a lovely time. 
We started with the endive salad and escargot. The endive salad was so simple, yet so delicious. We were all impressed with how they were able to make a salad exciting! And buttery snails are always great, but I especially loved the presentation. They served 9 snails each in individual little "cups" (for lack of a better word) that were fun and different than the standard presentation I've had at French bistros.
For entrees, we all shared the rabbit, the quail, and the bacon-wrapped pork. The rabbit was my favorite and I really enjoyed the tagliatelle that accompanied. I was impressed with all the dishes, as each were were balanced and the proteins were cooked to perfection.
I also like that Bistrot La Minette has an impressive wine list, but allows you to drink at a reasonable $ amount by also offering inexpensive house wines (as well as yummy cocktails.)
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable, but service was a bit too slow and there was a bit TOO long of a wait period between ordering and coursing (not sure if that was service or kitchen to blame).
I wish I could give 4.5 stars to Bistrot La Minette.I brought my mother here for Mother's Day and we were both impressed! The atmosphere and temperament of the staff is formal, but not too stuffy. The food is brought out quickly, but not too quick that you feel rushed. Waiters clear and clean the table quickly, so you're not cluttered with dishes  and they come around and fold your napkin if you leave the table. 
The presentation of the food is visually appealing, but not so overly designed and stacked. Everything tasted wonderful, perfectly seasoned, light yet filling. The portions are just right!
I'd recommend their price fix weekend brunch. At $25 for 3 courses it's a great time to try out their food and see if it's to your liking--and it will be.This restaurant is one of my favorite so far!! The service was great, and they gave us home-made pastry and chocolate for free! the waiters were awesome as well. Food is so delicious!!!!! loved the environment =)Amazing!  I mean over-the-top good.  
The food:
Like other reviewers have said, the bread is so good it's addicting.  My boyfriend got the Sunday prix fixe, which was an amazing deal for $29.  Artichoke and mushroom soup, a trio of salads with carrot, lentils, and beets, bacon and mushroom stuffed roast chicken, and creme caramel and chocolate mousse.  The salads were the weakest course, but even those were delicious.  
I had the escargot, the mussels, the brown butter fluke, and the raspberry and pastry cream puff pastry dessert.  Everything was delicious, but I could have eaten three more of the dessert.   I was so stuffed from pigging out on the bread, but I couldn't stop eating.  My boyfriend and I cleaned every plate.  The food wasn't pretentious at all.  Simple but done perfectly and with tons of butter!
The service:  When we walked in, the host asked us if we'd like to sit in the garden in the back.  I was worried that there'd be bugs or noise from the street, but the walls were tall, and it felt like what I bet being in a cafe in Paris is like.  Our waiter was excellent, and the service was timed perfectly.  We took his recommendations for my entree and dessert, and they were both great!!
Great experience overall, and I will definitely be back!Come here for the French film screenings. You're seated on the garden terrace and treated to a French cinematic creation (with English subtitles for all you non-francophones out there) as the sun dips down behind the walls of the restaurant, and the experience is stellar.
The truite meunière is delicious - the toasted almonds they add to the trout, in my opinion, make the dish. I'm always a fan of nuts in main courses, and this place did not disappoint.
The bar noir (pan-seared black bass) is also good. It's lighter on the palate - the broth reminded me of something I'd eat in a rustic country setting. It certainly adds to the homey French bistro vibe that this place exudes. 
Now for dessert. Some restaurants can really screw up crème brûlée (Parc's is embarrassingly awful) but Bistrot La Minette's version is delicious. The top layer cracks oh-so-satisfyingly with a tap of the spoon, and the cream itself is sweet and delicious.
In short: GO! It's everything Parc is not - authentic, quaint, and effortlessly charming.The food here was real good. My favorite dish was the oeuf de pêcheurs. We were there on a very slow night so the ambiance was good, but I can imagine that it loses its appeal if it's crowded. We were there for our anniversary and it was memorable. The service was good, the food was good, the ambiance was good.I was the first to arrive for my friend's birthday dinner. I was greeted by a very friendly hostess and she offer me a seat at the bar while I wait for my party. As soon as I sat down I looked at the wine list and ordered a glass of wine.  When served, I asked for a napkin and the waiter said they don't have any and told me I can go to the bathroom and use toilet paper...WTHECK????  I was surprised, then I asked him for a cloth napkin and then he told me I can't spit my gum into it.  Seriously????  I wouldn't be that disgusting and rude. I wanted to wipe the corners of my mouth.  At that point, I no longer wanted to deal with the bartender/waiter.  What restaurant bar doesn't have a napkins?? The decor inside was nice.   Our party order the set menu and a bunch of additional apps.  The scallop was delish but the rest  the food was okay...nothing truly memorable.  The portions seemed to be un-proportional.  For example, we all had a stew and my bowl barely had any liquid while my friend had a lot.  When the fish came, my friend had the smallest cut compared to the rest of our party.  Toward the end of our dinner, the waiter dropped a tray of forks and spoons behind  us by accident and scared the crap out of us but did not apologize.Wow, who knew this place existed!  My girlfriend and I have been bookmarking a lot of resturants lately.  Too bad we're both too busy to eat out as often as we would like.  We came here for restaurant week and it was a first visit for both of us.  It's sort of hidden but once you find it, you will never forget where it is.  
We were greeted at the door and taken to our table.  The restaurant has a nice and comforting feel to it.  The kitchen is partially open and you can see/hear/smell all the cooking going on which adds to the environment and feel of the place.  
The food is really delicious and delicately prepared and the service was very fast.  Some of the items we ordered were baguette, poached eggs with mussels, escargot, trout, mushroom puff pastry, upside-down apple tart with caramel ice cream and caramelized puff pastry with raspberry.  Some of the foods were a tad too salty for our liking and we linked it with the high volume of patrons being that it was restaurant week.  Still, even at full capacity, this shouldn't have occurred.  Another thing that we both noticed and were sort of bothered by was the waiters/waitresses were standing around like hawks.  They clean up the plates as soon as we put them down or finish them, it's almost a big startling and overly uncomfortable.  Again, we figured they wanted to move diners through to accommodate their reservations but this too shouldn't have happened.  We agreed to come back again in the future to try things outside the set menu and really give this place a taste test.  Hopefully the taste of the foods and the service will represent this place for what it really is.  Still, I will give it 5 stars for still an exceptional evening dining experience.  
Save room for the desserts, your tummy will thank you.Sadly, this year I could only go to one place this year for restaurant week. Fortunately, I ended up at Bistrot La Minette. I happened to tell some friends I was going here, and they said if you haven't had escargot that this is the place to try it. Never having tried escargot, I felt obligated to get it as my first course. The flavor was buttery and garlicy, and who can complain about that?! 
For the main course, I had the lamb shank. It was ridiculously tender, served in a little broth with root vegetables. We got a carafe of the house red wine, which was perfect to wash down the delicious hunks of lamb. 
And finally, for dessert I had the poached pear (in red wine and with black currants--are you kidding me??! Yes please!). If you know me, you know how much I love pear. And this was definitely the perfect dessert.Wow. A friend recommended Bistrot and my boyfriend took us there for my birthday. We were incredibly impressed with everything about our experience! From the service to the choices to the wine and the FOOD!!!! I had a special salad with endive, pear, walnuts and blue cheese. My boyfriend had the Bibb lettuce salad. Both were incredible and fresh. The bread is amazing! We found out the recipe is from the family of the restaurant owner. For our meals I had the monkfish with lobster sauce and rice pilaf. My boyfriend had the beef and a side of Mac & Cheese. Wow. The food melts in your mouth!! Now, this is not for the light eater- this food is rich. I strongly recommend for any special occasion meal!I went to Bistrot La Minette for lunch with a friend last week and every encounter was a pleasant surprise.  Their lunch special is insanely good.  For $15, I had a sumptuous split pea soup and a Nicoise salad.  In between each course we had little treats, compliments of the chef.    
The ambience rivals the food.  Every detail is articulately cared for, from the quaint bar to the copper pots at the back of the restaurant.   
The staff was very friendly.  Even though they were busy, took very good care of us.This is perhaps my favorite restaurant to go with my boyfriend on a special occasion or date night.  I find the warm classic French decor very romantic.
The last time we visited the restaurant was for their 2 year anniversary in which they offered 4 courses for $22 (pre fixe menu), the escargots appetizer was the star of that meal.
Their menu changes frequently based on what is in season.    They also do special pre-fixe dinner nights such at the one mentioned above, usually focusing on a region of France.  I highly recommend the pitcher of house white wine; it is traditional French white table wine that tastes divine and a sweet price ($12 for small pitcher).   I've never had anything on the menu that I didn't like.  The dijon-braised rabbit is a stand-out entree.
I have yet to dine in the courtyard out back but with the Fall officially here I will be waiting until next year.  That doesn't mean I won't be back before then.  Get a little dressed up and make the night special - this place is the perfect back-drop for it!La Minette is a warm, inviting, classy place.  It's not so fancy that it's a "really special occasion"-only restaurant but it's nice enough for you to feel like you're treating yourself.
The ambience is very classical homey old France without being precious, and the same goes for the menu.  Everything we had was very well-prepared.  I ordered a duck breast with foie gras sauce and red wine chassis with turnips and celery root puree.  My dining partner had the rabbit (which I also sampled) and both were quite good.  The portions are also very French (small) so if you're a glutton this isn't the place to go.  I admit than I'm a bit of a glutton myself but that's not the point really.  Yet I can't help but saying that I would have liked more celery root and turnips with the entree.  There was plenty of meat but I wanted something to render it a bit more filling.
Both of us started with the mushroom soup, which had no shortage of strong, earthy flavor and was topped with a parsley/creme fraiche sauce which I would have liked more of.  We had an amuse bouche of a little comte cheese puff (not bad) and were also given complimentary chocolates at the end of the meal, after we split a dessert which was aptly described by my friend as "a French tiramisu."  We had no problems with service.  They were out of the wine we ordered but had another similar one to take its place (which wasn't on the menu).
It's solid food, and I imagine that most of the time one couldn't go wrong with this place.  But it didn't blow me away.  The menu is almost too traditional and may not hold my interest for a return trip anytime soon with all the other restaurants in Philly I have yet to go to.  Regardless I hold La Minette in fairly high esteem.Best all around French experience in the City. Excellent food, good wine list and friendly and attentive staff. Movies in the outside space are a summer treat. Desserts out of this world.The perfect place to go with a few friends, order the chef's tasting menu and a couple bottles of wine (very reasonably priced by restaurant standards), sit back and relax. The courses were perfectly paced, the food was fantastic, the service was excellent, and we never felt rushed. 
We had chilled pea and parsley soup, foie gras pate, escargot, mustard-braised rabbit or au poivre duck breast, and dessert. No dish disappointed, and there were some real surprises (the house-made taglietelle came out of nowhere -- fantastic).
Not much more I can say about this one. If you like French bistro fare, then you really need to give this place a try.There is nothing quite like a dinner at La Minette--the go-to place for haute rustique French.  Savory, beautiful, assured plates.  Silky smooth maitre de table and wait staff in long linen aprons.  Connoisseur cheeses, and desserts of exquisite form and superlative tastes.  Tonight was typical:  delightful people, delightful neighboring tables, fabulous oeufs en meurette, egg-shell french bread with salted butter, crisp white wine, buttery vinaigrette over billowy bibb lettuce, sunny warm yellow room, bustle without hassle, heaven!I have to say I really love this place. It's so charming, the food was delicious, definitely pricey but a great spot for that special occasion dinner or a "not so often" date night. 
We split the escargot and the mushroom puff pastry appetizer, both were incredible, so flavorful, and good portions. We each had a cocktail (the cocktail Normand was like candied apples in a glass, the other one I had was a black currant liqueur with rye, it was very strong but I enjoyed it)
For main course I had the rabbit which was very good but I must say the star of the night were the beef cheeks, they were excellent. The dessert hands down get the puff pastry with raspberries it was like heaven on a plate..we got some complimentary after dinner drinks because we were celebrating a birthday, and these delicious chocolate truffles that melt in your mouth.
The waiter was fantastic, overall a beautiful evening I highly recommend this place!One of my favorites restaurants in Philly.
Classy romantic place with superb food !!
Enjoy.We picked Bistrot La Minette for our Valentine's Day Dinner.  It was the perfect choice!  The ambience was romantic, the service was top notch, the wine was memorable and the food was amazing.  We both got the filet mignon special and it did not disappoint.  We are already planning our next trip back to sit in the cute high tops by the windows in warmer weather.Bistrot La Minette is a charming place with wonderful food, drink and staff.  I would give the place 5 stars, but 1) we didn't eat a main course (though the food smelled amazing), 2) they didn't give our table bread (there were people who ordered less than we did and got bread even though our server promised it was coming out of the oven), and 3) I was overcharged on a glass of wine ($11 instead of $9).  
My girlfriend and I came here to watch a French movie, eat some light bites (sardine appetizer), and enjoy wine with dessert (pinot noir and malbec with opera cake and tart tatin).  
First, the sardine fillets were lovely, though a little small.  They are paired with roasted red peppers.  It was tasty and well worth ordering.  The opera cake was also delicious and paired nicely with the pinot noir.  The tart tatin (baked apple tart) was good, but it wasn't constructed well. I don't know if it sat too long, but my ice cream melted onto the plate by the time I could take my first bite. It was mostly a hard-to-eat apple tart with a puddle of vanilla ice cream.  Could have been executed better, or I just might not know tart tatin-- both are very valid.  
I will be going back to Bistrot La Minette, and I will update this review. Until then, I would definitely suggest going for a date, for good food, or for the experience.La Minette's movie night is a must-do experience, a vacation in itself. Movies are shown on the rear patio and take you to another place, helping you forget that Fat Tuesday's & Johnny Rockets are just a few blocks away. 
Maybe it was the two pitchers of wine, Audrey Tautou on the big screen, or the quaint decor between the neighboring warehouses, but I felt taken far away.
The food was delicious. Bread was crusty & fluffy (though not quite as good as Parc's - sorry!); the escargot appetizer served as a perfect & delicious introduction to snail, which i'll absolutely have again; the sea bass had crunchy skin atop tenderly cooked fillets; the polenta dumplings were buttery & fluffy; the sorbet was rich and fresh. And - dangerously - the house pitchers of wine were a reasonable $20.My wife and I were staying in Philly over night and wanted to celebrated with a nice meal. While this restaurant was on the pricier end for us, it was definitely worth the money. We loved the atmosphere, it had a hip French feel with out being pretentious. We really enjoyed the French music that was playing: it was edgy enough to be interesting without being obnoxious. We have both spent some time in France, so some of the lyrics made us laugh. We refrained from wine, but ordered appetizers. The Alsatian Pizza, which has onion, lardon (like bacon but better) and creme fraiche (like sour cream but better), was excellent. The escargot were deliciously tender, each in their little pot of garlic butter. For our main course, my wife got the Duck and I got the Salmon. It was hard to discern which entree was better,  we both enjoyed picking from each other's plates. The salmon was very buttery -- the mash potatoes were a little salty, though that did not detract much from the experience as a whole. I must say also that our server was excellent. Very attentive without being obstructive.Very good experience here! The restaurant week menu is the best value!!! The rabbit was so good and the lamb shank was super soft and huge in size. We also ordered foie gras and rib eye tartar, like them both, haha! Definitely should tryMy favorite french bistro in Philly. Great for a date night or with a group! Great ambiance, food, drink, and service.Wow is all I have to say. What an incredible experience. Only shortcoming was the table they tried to put us at first. Right next to the hostess stand. Get rid of that table! Food was phenomenal and service was very good. I will most definitely be back!Took my husband here for his birthday. If you are just a couple try to snag the solo table right to the left when you walk in by the windows it is so intimate. The service was fantastic. We has scallops and the pecheur, which was mussels on toast with poached egg and the sauce for this was incredible. We had the rabbit and duck for entrees. GET THE RABBIT!!!!! Mustard braised and delectable. Then for dessert the chocolate pot de creme! Cannot do it justice, definitely go for exquisite French cuisine!I could easily say this was one of the best meals in Philadelphia.  Move over Garces and Vetri.  Here is Woolsey.  Chef Woolsey has the mark of a great chef: the ability to bring out the best flavor of each ingredient of his dishes, while combining them to create depths of flavor that are greater than the sum of their parts.  It is clear that he loves and respects his food, and wants to share that with his customers.  
Took advantage of the October tasting menu inspired by Burgundy.  Absolutely wonderful dining experience.  We had 4 courses for $35 without wine, and $50 with wine.. which is a steal!   Of course I got the wine pairing.  The food was rustic, fresh, seasonal, and effortless.  
The wine pairings accentuated the food perfectly, and added even more dimension to the food.   I love wine, but I admit I am not an expert, and I'm not going to even pretend to remember what I wine I drank. 
The service was attentive and extremely thoughtful.  I had to leave to refill the meter in between courses because my party had started the meal later than intended.  Thanks to the servers, and my gracious party, who actually took back the 3rd course and replated it when I arrived.   
Bread clearly was baked on site and is crusty and yeasty goodness.  
The amuse bouche was a cheese puff.  Delish.  (I forget what they called it. Clearly, my knowledge of French cuisine is severely lacking.)    
 The first course was a ham terrine served with a salad with a spicy mustard dressing.  Surprisingly, I was more impressed with the salad than the terrine.
The 2nd course was braised eel served with pearl onion, mushroom and a burgundy reduction.  I'm used to eating eel served Japanese style, so this was an interesting experience.  Because the sauce is not as sweet as the Japanese eel sauce, it brought out more of the fishiness.   The onion, mushroom, and sauce were awesome on their own, but complemented and balanced the eel very well.  
The next was a sausage stew with potatoes, onion, and carrots.  Again each element was cooked separately so the potato still tasted like a potato.  It was served with a very fine homemade mustard sauce on the side.  Tastes like something a grandma from Burgundy might serve.  (Luckily, I like mustard, but the one drawback to the meal was that it had 2 courses with it for those who don't.)
The dessert was an apple tart with cranberry sorbet.  yum!  
But, when you go here you MUST MUST order the Raspberry Napoleon which was the SINGLE MOST SCRUMPTIOUS dessert I have eaten in this city.  It tastes like heaven!
We were served complimentary truffles, which were very good.  The coffee is fantastic, and I am totally a coffee snob.  
Definitely cannot wait to go back!I first decided to try this bistro as a place to celebrate a personal advancement. The restaurant is just off South Street and is noticable at first because of a tiny deck out front. It continues to be just as cozy as you enter. It is an intimate place, with a nice amount of ambient noise but not too loud. The food is quite a find. Lamb, chicken, dumplings, steak, onion tarts, all cooked perfectly. The ingredients are sometimes a bit upscale but the final dish isn't very fussy. Every dish is perfectly seasoned and well balanced. I never have room for dessert. As an aficionado of beers, they manage to have a decent local selection of beer with a couple seasonal options. I recently went back a second time and it confirmed my previous opinion. If you are looking for a special treat, the Bistrot is worth the price.My wife and I both agree that this is the best place for French food in the city. It's relaxed, casual, and romantic. "Down to earth" shall we say, and yet so much more.  Any dining experience comes down to three things: food, service, and ambiance - I cannot fault BLM on any of those points, and we've had consistently good meals throughout the years with nary a  hiccup.Jackie, Catlyn and I went here for Dinner Friday night.
This is becoming our new favorite place to go since the food is exquisite and the staff as well as the chef are all so nice.  
We showed up without a reservation since we were just in the area and it is too early in the year for the back patio area is not open yet. The place was very busy so we just decided to sit at the bar as the bartender is really nice and treats us well.
We had 3 different kinds of ... to start off with then I changed up to a dirty Vodka martini which were were good.
For appetizers we ordered two plates of the "Escargots de Bourgogne" Burgundy snails, herbed butter, crouton - which were really tender and juicy, the "Flammenküche" Alsatian "pizza", caramelized onion, lardons, crème fraîche - which was delicious & the "Tartare de Saumon" Salmon tartar, Puy lentils, crème fraîche, blood-orange vinaigrette - that we all enjoyed.
For entree's:
Jackie had the "Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde" Dijon mustard-braised rabbit, house-made taglietelle.
Catlyn had the "Bœuf Bourguignon" Burgundy-style beef stew, mushrooms, lardons, caramelized pearl onions, potatoes dauphine.
I had the "Magret de Canard à l'Orange Sanguine" Pan-roasted duck breast, blood orange gastrique, orange peel confit, potato confit, broccolini.
And to finish it off (or should I say finish "us" off) we shared the "Gateau l'Opéra" Multi-layered almond sponge cake, chocolate ganache, coffee butter cream, crème Chantilly ... which was so decatant.
We all loved our choices and decided we need to come back here to try more of the fare since this is the kind of place where it would be impossible to have a favorite item that you just come back for again and again.Had an absolutely perfect birthday dinner here last Saturday.  Great food, great atmosphere, great wine list.  The duck cassoulet was impeccable, and all of the bread is made in-house. Who could ask for more? Oh wait, there is more, because it is black truffle season and you can add them to any dish!  It was my birthday and one of the members of my party must've said something to the staff because they treated me like an absolute princess the whole night. 
Also, my father, who is a classically trained French chef, swears this is one of the most authentic French restaurants in Philadelphia. I'd eat here again in a heartbeat.The best meal I've had in some time, the 3-course prix fixe is a great deal with a lot of subtlety in the flavors. We tried the mushroom soup, escargot, charcuterie, steak & eggs, trout, omelette, chocolate mousse cake, caramel tart, vanilla puff pastry and coffee. The trout was the standout for me since it's easy to turn out dry and bland in the wrong hands. It was our first time here in over 5 years, and we'll definitely be back soon. Service was friendly though a bit slow once the place filled up.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly right now.  It is so good... Service - 5/5, food, 6/5, atmosphere, 5/5.  Have not had anything bad.  The bread is probably my favorite out of any restaurant I've been too.Mediocre food . Terrible service . Apparently our waiter was actually the bartender . Good times trying to flag him
DownWe almost forgot about this place, having only been there once several years ago. So, having brunch there was like finding a new place and being pleasantly surprised. I'll get to the food, but first I want to commend the management for creating a truly pleasant atmosphere. More than anything it's the choice of music - low volume, French music. (I digress, but we actually went to this restaurant after having walked out of the Good King Tavern due to annoying, blaring pop music). Now to the food: I had the steak and eggs, both of which were cooked to perfection. My companion, an aficionado of le canard, enjoyed the duck confit. On the table was some excellent French bread. They offer about 8 types of Kir. I had the pear, which was excellent, just sweet enough and a bit crisp. Chocolate mousse cake was moist, tender and chocolaty. We will definitely return soon. It was almost a little touch of France, except alas, the staff does not parle français.Love love love this place. I am in love with their homemade bread, which blows all over bread out of the water, and all their small plates. In particular I LOVE the oeuf du pecheur and it is a staple in all my meals here. In fact, I may just order a bunch of oeufs the next time I come as my full meal. Another impressive appetizer is the terrine de food gras. "Grape jelly" is an understatement and it never tasted so good!
The main plates are incredibly heavy so if you are not starving they may be difficult to finish. I had le gasconade de jarret d'agneau the most recent time and housed the entire thing because the lamb just fell off the bones and the prunes and cornmeal were the perfect accompaniment to the bold flavor of the meat. Again, not recommended if you had a late lunch...
I have to mention the mac & cheese side dish, or "gratin de pates facon peggy." I am a voracious eater of mac & cheese and this ain't my first rodeo. Nonetheless, Bistrot la Minette had the best mac & cheese I have ever had hands down, regardless if you like the potlucky four-real-cheese mac & cheese or the powdery goodness of Kraft's insta-mac. The mac & cheese here will fulfill all your cheesy fantasies. Bistrot definitely did their French culinary magic (technical term) to this basic dish and elevated it to divine.This was such a great find.  My friends suggested we go to Bistrot La Minette because on Monday and Thursday evenings at 8:30pm in the Spring and Summer you can sit on the outdoor patio and take in a french film (complete with subtitles) while you enjoy your meal.  It's the closest you'll feel to sitting in a french cafe in Philadelphia.  The food was amazing (I had the rabbit) but the experience alone was worth the trip.Had dinner and lunch here and it's always very good. Only 2 spots in this town that serve true French food and this and Bibou are it.
Lunch is very pleasant at this time of year when you can sit outside, relax and enjoy a wonderful piece of sole or the rich, but oh so good confit.
Dinner is also hard to beat. Fresh baquette's with butter at room temperatue to start, and the salad nicoise has great taste. So many times restaurants serve this dish, but it can be very bland. The lamb was tender and I've yet to find a dish here that isn't extremely well seasoned.
Never had dessert, but nice wines by the glass and good service.Never been to a French Restaurant but I wanted to go and the fellow agreed to my request, after some good review reading we booked the date for late december. My date got stuck in SUPER traffic on the Saturday before NYE and we were late. I called and they were totally cool with pushing us back an hour so he could get into the city to pick me up. 
Very low key quiet place. We managed to get seated RIGHT before it got super busy. Hard to park outside of the local pay-parking areas. Especially on a saturday. 
I ordered a little half jug of wine for me an it was descent. 
We both got sides of the macaroni and cheese which was amazing. 
My guy got the rabbit  but I got the quail stuffed with sausage and the most amazing spinach I have ever had in my life. Seriously, it was SO good. 
We got desserts and just had a really good time. I would go again to perhaps try one of their special menus.We came here to try their desserts but ended up ordering entree, drinks, and desserts. You can feel the French vibe as soon as you enter the restaurant. Soft quiet French music, small but not crammed space and attentive staff. The fish we ordered was floating in oil, which made it a bit heavy but nevertheless it was delicious. I really wanted to try chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream, which I saw on Yelp, but instead they brought chocolate brownie with pistachio ice cream. It was deceiving. We were then told that they change their menu every 6 months. Should've kept that cake on the menu. I'm sure it was way more delicious than brownie. Other than that it's a great place with nice ambiance.This is a great neighborhood bistro. The food is tasty, the atmosphere is relaxed and authentic, and the service is knowledgeable, professional and friendly.
We were started of with some delicious, hot bread and some salted butter. I don't usually care for the table bread but this was exceptional.  
The mushroom puff pasty appetizer was good but not memorable.  The Branzino was perfectly prepared, and probably best Branzino I've had.  Hubby enjoyed his Dijon mustard rabbit.  The chocolate tart with wild strawberry sherbet was good, but I would have preferred fresh berries instead of the sherbet. 
And the complimentary truffles that came with the check were divine and a nice finishing touch. 
Would definitely recommend this place and look forward to returning on either a movie night or just to enjoy the outside garden on a beautiful evening.This was the worst food for the price that I have had in my 48 years. It seemed the cook was only using the left overs for the main course and the salad and appetisers was from years back. The wait staff was just than making you wait for every thing from the water at the start to the over priced bill. I wont be going back for any reasonThe texture of potato mash is amazing. But the steak is supposed to be medium well but it is mistaken by other's, which is medium.Went here for my birthday and absolutely loved it!  The atmosphere was just perfect.  It was a little place that made me feel I was on an alley strip in France somewhere.  The food was outstanding.  Fresh and simple.
My date and I are still trying to find time to come back.  Hopefully soon!Definitely not worth it. Bad service and overcooked food. This place is a huge rip-off.