Really tasty. Had crab fried rice, wings are juicy - crawfish was great too. Coming back again!Ordered from UberEats. Got the Shrimp Po' Boy and it's beyond delicious . Every bite of it gets better. I definitely want to try more items from here if I can even think about not ordering the shrimp Po'boy. I highly suggest you add jalapeño if you like spicy. I'm hooked!!My 1st visit here but it won't be my last, the ambiance was quiet, cozy & relaxing, the staff was friendly from the moment I entered the door, the open table policy is a nice touch. My girlfriend had the Alaskan snow crab with the red potatoes which is her favorite & the corn on the cob with the cajun butter & judging by the smack of her lips & the fact that she cleaned her plate I'd say she thoroughly enjoyed her meal as did I. I had the stir fry noodles with shrimp & it was light & delicate with just the right amount of seasoning, needless to say I also cleaned my plate. We also enjoyed the fresh squeezed mint limeade, it was absolutely perfect, not too sweet, not too sour but just right with the mint giving it a cool subtle kick to add to its thirst quenching taste, we finished off our fantastic meals with her getting the fried cheese cake which she practically drooled over & I enjoyed the fried bananas with vanilla ice cream and drizzled in chocolate. an absolute great dining experience & we will definitely be dining here again in the future.Went to this restaurant for my birthday dinner tonight with friends. I am a big seafood person, so definitely felt very excited. We ordered their seafood combo #5 and it has pretty much everything: shrimp, clams, lobster tails, sausages, corns, baked potatoes and craw fish. We chose the canjun flavor since we love spiciness. I will say the portion is very huge and definitely can be shared among 3 people. The taste is OK, not the best because the flavor did not soak in the seafood. My husband ordered tofu bahmi and he said is not bad. Service is great and waitresses are pretty helpful.Came in for lunch and was instantly greeted by friendly and helpful staff. Both food and service was superb. With the Asian flair, the shrimp po'boy is so far my favorite. Not to mention their wings are some of the best I have had. Will come back and recommend to everyone!This was a spur of a moment decision based of other Yelp reviews and let me say- it must have been the best decision I made all day! We had the fish po boy, Asian chicken sandwich, sweet potato fries and a Vietnamese coffee. Everything was well flavored and delightful. I will definitely be back.We stopped in for dinner on Saturday around 6pm and were seated immediately. I think most of the great yelp reviews involve the crawfish and other boiled seafood and we didn't get any of that. Dining Partner and I split the thai sweet chili wings to start. I then had the crispy shrimp rolls and he had the crab fried rice as entrees. The food was good, but it didn't knock my socks off. The waitresses were very friendly and kept our waters filled the entire time. The restaurant seemed to be lacking proper ventilation. When we walked it there was a strong food scent that attached itself to our hair and clothing for the remainder of the night.We happened upon this place on a temperate Friday night at the start of the fall season. The place was not very crowded but was clean well-kept and modern.
We started with the sweet potato fries and the summer rolls along with the Thai sweet chili wings. A fantastic start to the meal. The sweet potato fries had an interesting Cajun spice that gave it a bit of a kick. The summer rolls were good along with the two condiments which were a peanut sauce and sweet Thai dressing. 
The rice plate with the barbecue pork was particularly tasty. It was served with a side of vegetables in a fresh seasoning.
As an aside I had a lovely limeade freshly squeezed and my girlfriends Thai tea was very good as well.
Overall the meal was very good in the atmosphere was quite pleasant as well. Will definitely be back here again to try some other dishes.Came here for lunch with my family and left really satisfied. The wings were crispy with lots of flavor, but the meat was still juicy and not dried out like a lot of fried wings. I got the pork sandwich, it was a generous portion size with good flavor. All of the food is cooked to order so expect to wait 10 minutes, but definitely well worth itWas looking for a byob place that wasn't going to break the bank. Stopped by there with a friend to catch up, drink some whiskey and get some food. Really enjoyed the experience and the food. Our server was very friendly and provided good service. Even recommended Mexican Coke for our jack which was a nice touch. 
From all the yelp recommendations we ate the Sweet Chili wings and the Shrimp Summer roll. They were delicious and I will throw in my own recommendation that those appetizers are the way to go. For entree we grabbed rice platter with chicken which wasn't anything special but still really good. 
Great place for a casual meal with drinks and friends. Check it out if you are in the area.Everything I ordered last night was delicious.  I wanted to get football watching food for the first game of the season, so decided this would be a good fit.  I think i missed the whole first quarter because my face was in the seafood bag.  
I ordered through EAT24 (I'm really liking the whole online ordering thing) but had a hard time deciding what to get.  I wanted everything but thought it wasn't responsible to spend $100+ on a Thursday night take out meal.  So after perusing the Yelp reviews, I decided on the thai chili wings, dumplings, noodles, and Combo 2.  Then my boyfriend ordered...no I'm kidding, that's for both of us.  I'll repeat my first comment, everything was delicious.  Tip: Try to get some of that Casian sauce onto your noodles and mix it in a bit.  You're welcome.
Picking up was quick and seamless.  The hostess was friendly and even gave me a $2 off card.  She knew damned well I'd be back.  Just to mention, because this stood out to me, the take out packaging was very thoughtful.  They included bibs, wipes, and even an extra empty container for shells.  Most places would assume you could use a receptacle at home, but these guys thought "Just in case she starts eating it in the car."  
I hope to eat in at some point, since they are byob.  And since I saw a lobster on some guys table that I did not see on the EAT24 menu.The soft shell crab was delicious and the seafood boil was equally great. Star of the show was definitely the clams. I think the crawfish was a tad bit overboiled, but they got amazing flavors inside.Cheap, fresh, delicious seafood and sandwiches with daily specials. They're also really friendly. Their 1 pound steamed and seasoned seafood is really fun to eat. They also started delivering recently! It's really nice too that their delivery packaging doesn't leak, and they give you plenty of napkins for messy crawfish eating. I only wish they served some of the lunch stuff during dinnertime as well. 
Some of my favorites: garlic butter noodles (it goes great with any of their special casian flavored seafood, like mussels), vietnamese bbq pork sandwich, bistro seasoned wings (sooo good), Korean pork belly bun, and vietnamese iced coffee, any of their 1lb seafood for $10+.Great food for the price range! I went there for lunch on a weekday. It does seem like a majority of their business is take out, but the service was good anyway. The waitress was able to recommend their Vietnamese BBQ sandwich which was excellent. I even took half home for dinner.Nice dinning place on south street! I had the crab fried rice, the Thai tea and the seafood combo 1. Everything was great and I love the crab decors inside the restaurant. The only thing we did complained in our heart was that it was smokey inside the restaurant. I am not sure if it's due to a broken vent in the kitchen or not.I was searching for places with good seafood especially crawfish and found this place on Yelp. The wings were really good, crispy on the outside and moist in the inside. We got combo 3 and 4 which was filling, hearty and amazing. We barely finish them both with a group of four but we're incredibly satisfied.Great little space for Asian-Cajun fusion, a cuisine I was previously unaware existed. A friend and I opted to split the lunch soft shell crab bun and the shrimp po boy and had no regrets (although, if I was going with someone of the non-food sharing variety, I'd opt for the po boy). Before we were half way through our meal, we resolved to go back again.Great seafood spot and BYOB. Ordered a low country boil w crawfish, clam and head-on shrimp, in between one and two spicy. Was perfect. Must be comfortable peeling, shelling, but well worth it. Wings looked good too.New Southeast Asian/American (think Thai meets New Orleans) bistro in Graduate Hospital is absolutely fabulous. Great ingredients, great atmosphere, great concept. Very excited to have them in the neighborhood.this new Yelp platform made the dishes look appealing and if pics are worth a thousand words here are 43 ...delicious "spicy mussels" in a brine both fragrant, sweet & savory that has me drinking from the bag that kept them piping hot all the way from south street to UC together with "salt & pepper shrimp" that had me eating the shell et al Bourdain-style all with a side Asian salad slaw and don't worry the dressing is on the bottom of the eco friendly container - stir it up!The crawfish seafood pot and soft-shell crab fired rice were delicious. The staff were very nice and attentive. We enjoyed our meal!Nice flavors with fresh seafood in decent portions. Waiting time a bit long.Get the sweet chili wings. You will want to lick the sauce off your fingers. The crab fried rice is also good and has huge chunks of crab. We also got the salt and pepper shrimp. The seasoning is good but it comes off when you peel of the shell and tail. That being said the shrimp were big and tasted good. We ordered take out and the food was still hot by the time  we got home across the city.I would give this 3.5 stars for lunch. I had the shrimp po'boy. I love authentic New Orleans food so this one kind of disappointed. The breeding on the shrimp tasted a little off to me but everyone has different tastes. The food also came out very slowly and we were one of two tables occupied. I have been told their seafood dinner boils are good so may return for one of those.You might almost miss this place walking by it but it is a true gem! The owner was very friendly and the service was quick. The seafood boil was amazing (pretty buttery but delicious). I highly recommend!Hands down best wings ever!!! So crispy and flavorful. The Asian slaw is also bomb. Reasonably priced, good service. Expect to get your hands dirty. Finger licking good.Been here about 5 times and am really fond of this mom & pop SE asian joint.
Things I liked: 
- Fresh ingredients and not overly salted or sauced.
- friendly staff, BYOB, and very kid friendly.
- Simple items that are done very well: chicken pho, chicken ban-mi. crab bun, spring rolls.I won't be eating here again. Ordered for the first time via ubereats since I saw the good reviews and love Asian cuisine. I had the crab fried rice and the sweet chili wings (pictured) together they came up to 22.90, and because I ordered via ubereats the 5 dollar service fee brought me up to 29.72.  The crab fried rice left something to be desired... it was a kind of pale, lifeless, sad dish... More seasoning or maybe even more variety in vegetables mixed into the rice would have been nice. I looked at the fried crab lying there in my takeout box  and just thought... "im so sorry my friend, you shouldn't of had to die for this... it was NOT worth it.
The sweet chili wings were tasty, I asked them to make them spicy for me and they did, the sauce was yum and the chicken was cooked nicely. 
The most negative part of this meal was the "extra surprise"... a long light to medium brown hair in the rice. I have short, curly, blonde-highlighted hair so I knew it couldn't of been mine when I pulled it out of my mouth.
The bland 16 dollar rice with added human hair wasn't worth it. The wings were good but not good enough to order from here again. I paid 29.72+ tip to my delivery driver for my sad (1 person) meal. I wanted to like this place like some others seemed to but I just couldn't. 
TL;DR -bland, lifeless fried rice with a strand of human hair in it.
Tasty sweet chili wings 
Overpriced 
3 stars for the wings, if I'd of ordered the rice alone it would be 1Bistro SouthEast has some of the best potstickers and mango sticky rice I've ever had. The portions were generous, and everything we had was delicious. I recommend the Salt & Pepper Shrimp and the Crab Fried Rice, they were incredible. This is an excellent BYO everyone should try.Excellent crab. Well made. Max spice is survivable. My girlfriend loves crab legs and she approved. Yay for me!This is a 4.5 star review, almost a five..  My wife Karin and I have been here a few times, mainly for the delicious banh mi sandwiches. We were joined by our Jersey  friends Jay and Ken for lunch recently. We had called ahead to have the seafood boil # 4 for lunch (usually it is served only at dinner unless you call a day before). While the boil was "cooking", we ordered the Thai sweet chili wings. The crispy texture, the tasty chicken, the sweet and spicy flavors , were very delicious.The boil arrived (shrimp, crawfish, clams, 2 small lobster tails, 4 halves of corn, 4 sausages, and four potatoes in a wonderful casian sauce) and we proceeded to devour the blend of flavors and textures.  The casian sauce (cajun/asian) was terrific, salty, sweet and spicy. We couldn't stop eating until we devoured the entire boil.. We also shared the pork belly banh mi which is so delish. We finished with the fried cheesecake with whipped cream and dragon fruit. One of the reviewers on yelp said that the fried cheesecake freaked her out. Not us, we enjoyed the texture and taste.
Karin and I also ordered the crab fried rice, with a soft shell crab on top, to go. The rice is aromatic, delicate and subtle tasting. The softshell was crispy and enjoyable.
Mui, the wife and co-owner, is a gracious hostess. She is patient,  welcomes and answers any questions, makes great suggestions and prepares the takeout orders with loving care. Our friends ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches to go. Mui deconstructed the order by separating the meat, the sauce, the carrots and cilantro and suggested how to put it back together for eating later.
The decor is minimalistic but clean and casual. Once the food arrives, you notice nothing else. 
The four of us have decided to return in July for our next lunch adventure. We want to try as many dishes as we can. It is that good.Great sandwiches and amazing service! Try the meatball sandwich or po'boy shrimp. The thai chili wings are out of this world! Have yet to try their seafood for dinner.This place nails it with the great marriage for the food -Vietnamese Cajun style. Such an awesome fusion combo! Came here with a group of friends and we had ordered the seafood combo that came muscles, lobster tail, crawfish, potatoes, and corn to all split. It was good  however it was not the best quality seafood, I think if I were to come back I would have ordered something else off the menu. I was creeping at some other tables to see what others had ordered and it looked great. The PHO noodles looked amazing and so did the sandwiches just from reading the description off the menu. The interior was also ehhh..just some tables and pendant lighting. Very casual, i think this would be a better lunch spot than dinner. Would come back to try more food!We ordered a few items for delivery, and all of them were great!  Chicken Pho and Bun (noodles with barbecue pork), fried chicken wings, and sweet potato fries.  The salt and pepper chicken was yummy, but had too much pepper on it (more in terms of the visual than the taste).  It still tasted good, but we'll probably try other chicken wings next time.Just moved to philly a couple months ago and stumbled upon this hidden gem!!!
This place is no joke.  We come atleast 2x a week.  Had my boyfriends birthday dinner here with a large group.  Everyone loved it!
Came back the next night for another dinner, we couldn't resist!
Food is amazing!
Service amazing!!  They make you feel so at home and apart of the family!!
They really make an effort to get to know you!  
You need to try this place - by far my favorite Restaurant!!Ordered take out before and it was so good! Today we are dinning in for late late lunch and they are servicing lunch still at 5pm! How cool is that? Nice price for nice yummy tasty food! Very clean inside! And I also checked in for a 10% off! Nice deal!I used to order here all the time. My last few meals were not impressive. The Vietnamese sandwich bread was not as crispy. My spring rolls were not to be desired.. After a long gap of not ordering, I had a craving for head on shrimp. I felt I got shorted on the shrimp. Since in the beginning, I had so much more. Plus the sauce, it's totally different. It used to be a nice thick sauce. Now it's nothing but a lot of grease and some sauce. 
Maybe they switched owners?The Lemongrass Pork sandwich is easily one of the best I've had in the past several years, period. Worth every penny.I come from a city with a large Vietnamese community and am always craving the cuisine. Since moving to Philly, my only options have been to venture out to Chinatown or Washington Ave. from the Rittenhouse area. I recently found out Kidari Sushi on South St. was replaced with Bistro Southeast and decided to check it out. It's now one of my favorite spots in the city. 
My girlfriend and I stepped in on a Sunday afternoon and it was quite slow, allowing us to take a seat right at front window. Amanda, the owner, was incredibly welcoming and friendly. Thanks to her recommendations, we ended up ordering some of the restaurant's favorites: The Bistro Southeast Salad, The BBQ Pork Sandwich, and the Lemongrass Pork Belly Sandwich. 
For a huge eater like me, the portions were fantastic for the price. Though I didn't have too much of the salad and vaguely remember the kinds of greens that went into it, the dressing was absolutely delicious. The menu does it a disservice by simply calling it a Thai peanut dressing. Unlike peanut dressings typically used in other restaurants, this dressing looked more like a vinaigrette. It tasted very refreshing with the hints of peanut to ground the flavor. 
As far as the two sandwiches went, Bistro Southeast does well in maintaining traditional Banh Mi sandwich sensibilities. While I've never had a Lemongrass Pork Belly in a banh mi sandwich before, it's quickly become my new favorite. The meat in both the sandwiches were juicy, seasoned well, and topped with an orange sauce. Needless to say, we both left Bistro Southeast quite full, satisfied with the price, and happy with the customer service. 
While they may not offer $4 or $6 banh mi like you'd find in other Vietnamese communities, their prices are still fairly cheap for the Graduate Hospital area. With that said, I highly recommend this place for people who crave Vietnamese food and for newcomers who would like an introduction to the cuisine.Pro
- Fresh live crawfish.  I believe they had jumbo size crawfish mixed in the bag so that was a plus!
- The crab and lobster fried rice were really good and flavorful. They gave a decent amount of crab and lobster too!
- BYOB with no corkage fee
- The staff were really friendly and helpful.
Con
- Parking is really bad around this area!Wow! What a surprise! Couldn't  figure out what this place had in store as we wondered in on a whim. We ordered the least expensive "combo" meal for two and crossed our fingers. 
Luckily we kept with the whimsy, and chose the casian sauce. Casion, as Cajun and Asian fusion. 
When bibs arrived with the place settings, we knew this was not  going to be a delicate affair. We were in for a gloriously messy crawfish boil. Fabulous meal!!!Came here to try this place out for the first time. Came on a Wednesday night and it's pretty packed which is a good sign that the found is decent. 
Service - Our waitress was very friendly and came to check on us often to make sure everything was ok. 
Food - for appetizers we got the shrimp potstickers and bistro southeast wings. Both of these appetizers were Delish and definitely met my expectations. The shrimp potstickers had nice size pieces of shrimp and full of flavors. The wings were well seasoned and had a nice crunch and not over cooked. It was crunchy on the outside but not dry on the inside. Then we also got combo #1 1 lb of crawfish with 1 lb of clams in Cajun seasoning. We also ordered an additional 2 lbs of crawfish in Cajun seasoning as well. For dessert we had a fried cheesecake. It was amazingly yummy. Everything was well executed. 
Price - I think the wings were a bit pricey but it was well worth it. You definitely get what you pay for. The seafood was reasonable priced. 
Overall experience - I left this restaurant feeling very satisfied with the meal and definitely will be back to try out other food from the menu. So if you haven't try this place out yet and around the area you should stop by to check it out.Awesome food! Very friendly staff. But I wish they had more vegan or vegetarian things on the menu. I guess they just have 2 things, although I absolutely love both of them -Curry tofu sandwich and tofu summer roll!Lousy service. Place smells like old frying grease. Come here if you want to be ignored and get indigestion.Omg I can't say enough!! Everything in the menu is delicious! Service is excellent I love Sara! My fav is the south bistro Salad, you can also buy the salad dressing and they have a gluten free option!Wow this place is good. Way better than Joe's crab shack in KOP. The king crab is sweet and succulent.  The lemongrass crab is delish n licking finger good. Have been looking for something like this for a while in our area and this small restaurant really hit the spot.  The chix wings are excellent as well. And it's BYOB so what are you waiting for. .. cheersThe mango rice was delicious, the chicken pho, is the best soup I've got from delivery, well packaged, and satisfying, and butter Cajun seasoning on the crawfish is fabulous, I'm licking the shell and I don't even care.Just ordered takeout from here tonight.  Food was pretty decent. We tried a bunch of things from their menu but when we brought the order home, realized one dish was missing. I called bistro southeast right away and explained that I just picked up food and one dish was missing. The lady who picked up the phone very RUDELY replied, "What order??". She wasn't apologetic. Just plain rude and asked if I want a refund or to come back to pick up the order. I would've gladly went back to pick it up but just the way she spoke to me and dealt with this problem turned me off. She definitely did not care about customer service at all.We live nesrby and this is one of our favorite places.  The crab fried rice is incredible and much more flavor than P.F. Chang's.  Also the seafood combos all are good, whether the cajun or garlic butter, but be sure to discuss the level of seasoning you prefer, and they will adjust accordingly.  Also being a BYOB place makes it quite affordable.  Parking is always a challenge on South Street, so consider taking public transportation, a taxi or uber/lyft.This was average food. I was staying at a local hotel and ordered delivery kinda late. The delivery was cool and convenient though it did take a bit longer than an hour. If I'm in the area again I will probably give it another try.The food is ALWAYS great with a staff that is friendly and efficient. Everyone makes you feel at home. I have enjoyed many meals here and will be coming back for more.
EricThis order, I got the Vietnamese BBQ sandwich. Very good, especially for the price - tasty and filling, and not at all skimpy on the filling. Wish it had more cilantro, but then, I wish that about a lot of things, so I can't really complain too much. Staff was very friendly and had my take-out order ready very quickly.Had a delicious fish po boy. The French roll and lightly breaded fish were both very fresh and tasty. Wasn't too heavy or too light. Excellent service. Very clean restaurant. Will be back soon.New restaurant, I think they're still ironing out the kinks. 
The summer rolls were great, and very inexpensive. The lime drink was a ripoff ($4+ for lime juice and water with some mint in it? Especially when the summer rolls were cheaper!). 
The food is tasty, would try again.What an interesting little place! I first fell in love when my family brought me tofu summer rolls from here. They were the best I've EVER had! They were super fresh and totally packed. They had nice big chunks of seasoned tofu. 
Came back for a meal with the crew and was even further impressed....
They specialize in both Viet fare, as well as really fresh seafood here. The fam loved the snow crab leg boil bags priced competitively for the market. These bags are also offered in clams, crawfish, shrimp or lobster tails. A la carte by the pound or in combos, which seem like a fun option with larger crowd. Cajun or garlic butter sauce to top. Garlic butter was the way the crew went, and absolutely loved! 
The wings, which were a huge hit with hubs are offered in a variety of flavors...salt and pepper, Thai chili and spicy curry lemongrass. The curry were said to be well flavored, crispy and very good! 
Our crew indulged in a roll sampler also. If you're going to order the lobster rolls, which were filled with hunks if lobster meat, you may as well spend a few bucks more and get the sampler which included shrimp, tofu and spring rolls also. This plate is a great starter and sure to be a crowd pleaser. The huge rolls were accompanied by a dip trio. Hard to choose a favorite, they were all so tasty! 
The sweet potato fries seem like an odd side dish for the cuisine, but they were so fantastic!! Up there with my all time favorites in Philly. Yum! 
The crew downed the fried cheesecake in seconds and wanted more. Definitely grab a slice even if it's just to-go. 
Service was great.
Parking right out front was simple. 
Super casual joint, and it's BYO! 
Would love to return with the entire fam. Everything was so delicious! Can't wait to try more! 
5 star food -1 for ambiance....or lack thereof.It is a really little sweet restaurant. The couple who runs this restaurant is super cute and sweet.  It was my first time eating there and they cooked us a free dishes. The food is very delicious. They combined the American food with Asian flavor. I will say both of Americans and Asians will love it. The prices are not high, you guys can totally afford itsStumbled upon this place while surfing "nearbys" on Yelp.  The soft shell crab fried rice intrigued me.  I never had a soft shell crab before and was a little hesitant to eat the entire crab including the shell.  To my surprise, the dish was very flavorful with crunchy texture from the fried crab and fluffiness from the perfectly cooked rice.  I also had the fish po'boy which  was tasty but not enough fish compared to other po'boys I've had elsewhere.  My son had the bbq pork noodle bowl which burst with yummy char flavor.  My older son had the chicken pho which had just a sprinkle of chicken however the broth was good.  The sweet thai chili wings were average.
Overall, lunch here is pricey but good.  Parking is terrible on south street.Been there 5 times for lunch and dinner. Love the service--a family owned place. I've had the lobster and shrimp roles which had fresh and crunchy veggies. Yum. I've had the shrimp and mussel Cajun style dinner--deliciously seasoned and spiced. I've had the Banh mi style po boy, chicken, and pork. Overall yummy local Vietnamese !We were staying in a hotel nearby and wanted to order in. I'm so glad we choose this spot. We ordered from the Seafood a la carte everything Casian Seasoning. We started with the Alaskan Snow Crab Medium Spicy while the peel n eat shrimp, and crawfish were spicy. Wish we had chosen all medium instead since it was really spicy but still everything was finger licking delicious.
We also had to try the Thai sweet chilli wing since it was highly reviewed and I'm glad we did. We Will def order from here in our future stays in Philly =]Best pho I've ever had!! Wait staff and owners are also very nice and friendly! Highly recommend.Outstanding menu. Everything was fresh and seasoned well. Quite a surprising offering for a small, hidden bistro.Summer rolls stuffed with 4 shrimp a piece, filled with crunchy lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, cilantro, carrots and a peanut sauce and ginger sauce. Vietnamese bbq pork bahn mi has beautifully seared pieces of pork, served with cucumber, cilantro, and carrots on Vietnamese baguette. Great meal and quality ingredients.Really fantastic.... went on a Saturday night for a date night w my boyfriend and it was amazing. We ordered shrimp summer rolls, the crab fried rice, and Combo #2 (1 pound shrimp, 1 pound mussels, and 2 corn and 2 potatoes- Cajun, extra spicy). Also took advantage of the BYOB with some white Merlot we picked up at Reading Terminal earlier that day. What can I say- the food was quick and hot, with proper serving (rolls, then rice, then combo), most importantly it was DELICIOUS (we  hot n garlicky), and the service was great! They topped off the water promptly and were so kind the entire time. It has similar style to The Boil if you've ever been in New York City! The 10% check-in discount was super clutch and you should definitely come while it's still available!!! Bistro Southeast was a great time and I hope to try the rest of the menu next time I am in Philly 100%.The food was very good! Order shrimp roll and the #2 seafood combination platter with a side of snow crab legs. The sauce can get very thick and clumpy as it cools down but that's fairly normal. Server was very nice as well.The food was amazing, great customer service. The combo 4 was also great, the sauce is a little on the thick side though. The real deal was the crab fried rice and the fried cheesecake.Eat here often and order catering. Troy is super accommodating and friendly. He is responsive, have a great staff and amazing wife.
The food is always fantastic. I typically order the crab or lobster fried rice, bistro salad with shrimp or tofu and shrimp rolls or summer rolls. Troy makes a honey cilantro lime dressing is refreshing, light, and full of flavor. It's great on any salad and you don't need much to dress a salad. The bistro wings are crispy fried wings that aren't greasy. It has the perfect crunch and the sauces are delightful. It's great for a family style meal or a quick bite.Everything was delicious.  The softshell crab buns were a good portion.  The pork belly sandwich was more than enough. We also had the Southeast wings and mango sticky rice. The Vietnamese coffee was strong and sweet.Shrimp po boy sandwich was good but felt as if it was 90% bread. Solid value for the priceDelicious Bahn mi, I come here regularly to grab something quick but delicious. Can't wait to try their other menus as well!The food at Bistro Southeast is quite good, and maybe my expectations were a bit high based on the Yelp reviews, but it didn't blow me away.
We got one order of the salt & pepper wings, and another of the Thai sweet chili wings. They were both good and I think the taste just comes down to preference. You won't go wrong either way. 
We also got an order of the crispy shrimp rolls. These are literally shrimp with spring roll wraps fried around them. Different and I liked the creativity. They taste about how you would expect fried shrimp rolls to taste. 
My table got the combo 1 cajuin style. It was very good, though I didn't have any of the crawfish or the mussels. These kinds of dishes come down to the seasoning and the seasoning was very good, I'm just not a crawfish or mussels person. 
Great/perfect service. No complaints whatsoever. Waters always full, table always cleared when finished. Perhaps my favorite part of the evening was seeing the owner (at least I'm assuming he was the owner. He had a laptop set up in the back and was doing work) interact with a few customers who were regulars. He was always smiling and laughing. I think this is a big part of how these privately owned places can get a big advantage: by being personable. 
Points for: Service, cajun style seasoning
No negatives.Not many places like this downtown. Bistro Southeast is a small unassuming BYOB on South St in Grad Hospital. It bills itself as Asian Fusion, but I got the Seafood Combo which includes Shrimp, Mussels, Sausage, Corn and Potatoes with Casian Seasoning. This was a lot of food! And all of the seafood was perfectly cooked.
The Casian seasoning/marinade was absolutely delicious. I am pretty sure you could put this seasoning on anything and it would taste yummy! I usually like cocktail sauce with my shrimp, but with this meal it was totally unnecessary. 
Grab some friends and a bunch of beers and feast on their delicious seafood boil (combo)!This is a low key spot that is easy to overlook, but I absolutely love the food here! The BBQ pork banh mi sandwich is amazing-- I keep recommending it to my friends-- and the pho and Thai wings are also delicious (and I've only eaten those via take out).We love to eat at small individually owned places and found this one while picking up a pair of glasses down the street. We loved the freshness of the food, the spring rolls were the best and the seafood is reslly fresh. We own a restaurant ourselves, so we know how hard it is to be the new place. You guys will do great.
We will be backFantastic place - different menu with a lot of interesting choices, food is outstanding, and service very good. Really nice addition to the area - no other place in the area offers these options, and some things I really don't see anywhere in the city. We had the homemade dumplings which were very good, the Asian slaw which was great, and an Korean BBQ pork sandwich which was out of this world. Talked to one of the owners a good deal about their menu  - she was rightly proud of what they were doing. Highly recommend a visit - will be back soon.Perfect spot for South street and an appropriate name for southeast fusion items. Can't go wrong with lemongrass! Apart from their sandwiches, also stumbled upon their seafood combos. On a cold day, nothing better than a garlic-Cajun plastic bag full of steamed mussels, shrimp, potatoes, corn, and sausage. Warms me up just thinking about it.Wow! This place was an unexpected surprise and in my neighborhood too! I had very tempered expectations when we decided to give Bistro Southeast a try as it looks pretty unassuming.  It exceeded my expectations in spades. I am still thinking about the Dungeness crab in curry sauce. It was amazing as was the salt and pepper shrimp. We also loved  the curry duck and Asian slaw. I thought the noodle bowl was good and fresh but a little plain given the high flavor profile of the other dishes. The service was friendly and helpful. Not that unexpected as we were the only ones in the place. I wish them success. The food deserves to be noticed. I will definitely be back!Best Cajun sauce crawfish! !!! And the crab fried rice with the soft she'll crab I have ever ate!!!! They got crabby cafe Beat!!!! Don't waste your time or money anywhere else if you want good seafood... and they have other stuff too that I have to try!!!Went for a Thursday night dinner for 4 and was quickly waited upon. We ordered the summer rolls which had a great selection of lobster, shrimp and tofu. Very refreshing with a great lime sauce that went well with the rolls! I ordered the cajun noodle shrimp dish which was new on their menu. It was absolutely delicious with a distinct flavor. A great BYO place and even got free birthday fried cheesecake! Great place to jump into really quick. Will definitely try the seafood next time.Came here at 5:30 pm on a Wednesday, when the only patrons were local Grad Hospital residents dropping in for a quick dinner. The space is informal and a little hot. You can place your order at the counter, but there's also table service. There's a screen next to the counter displaying a rotation of photos of popular dishes so you can get an idea of what they look like! Prices were very low for most entrees, save for the steamed shrimp ($17/lb). The soft shell crab fried rice has chunks of crab in it, and is topped with a whole fried crab. Delicious and definitely worth $16. We'll be back to try the other entrees!So so so happy I found this place. Ordered the lemongrass grilled chicken and it was delicious!!! Super easy, quick, and delicious. Can't wait to try the fresh seafood soon.Ordered the Grilled Chicken sandwich and the tofu summer rolls.  Both excellent and ready for pick up on time.Came for dinner Friday night and was pleasantly surprised by both the food and service. Shrimp and Pork Potstickers, Bistro Southeast Wings and Bistro Southeast Salad were all tasty and well executed, but it's the seafood that deserves special mention -- as notable for its flavor and freshness as for its generous portions. Crayfish and Peel and Eat Tiger Shrimp arrived piping hot and, interestingly, wrapped in a tidy bag to allow the cajun sauce to seep in to all the crevices.  It's a five-napkin meal but worth the mess.  A great addition to the Graduate Hospital restaurant scene -- we left planning our next trip back.Love the combination of southeast Asian food and southeast American / Cajun food!!!! Have tried the Cajun seafood, pho, and bahn mi and loved it all. Staff and servers are super friendly. Has a fun and cool vibe to it. Definitely becoming a regular here!I came in an hour before closing, so they asked me to take it to go, which I didnt mind. But, the waitress who took my order has a very "rude" tone of voice, almost commanding hence minus one star. 
I would come back to dine in and truly experience the restaurants atmosphere and hot food off the stoves. My to go order got cold and stale real fast. 
Lemon grass pork banh mi was pack with flavors. The shrimp spring rolls were huge! And the soft shell crab in bao with cucumbers were the bomb!Picked up food Friday after work. Great mix of Vietnamese and Cajun. Try the wings and salt and pepper shrimp.I would have liked to give this place a four star but the service and the food preparation stopped me. The flavor is consistent between the two times I have been. However, they mixed up my order today when I ordered a take-out, even though I tried to clarify what sauce I wanted with what. The girl on the phone seemed impatient with my clarification and when I got the order, it was the wrong way she had it initially. The restaurant wasn't busy when I picked up my food, so I felt they could have taken the time to get my order right. One last thing is that the crawfish was not cleaned well, the legs and head had black pigments all over.It's the only place I can find with shaking crab and shrimp in a bag. Order head on shrimp if you want shrimp, because they are more fresh. Food is very affordable, good tasting.This place is really good. We got the clam bake but took out the crawfish and replaced with both mussels and clams. Added snow crabs. The sauce was fantastic. Split between 4 people our bill only came to $100. Great value, would go again!I can't say enough good things about Bistro Southeast! It's a small family owned place and they do an excellent job running it. I probably order from here at least twice a week. Everyone I've introduce this place to quickly fell in love with it too! The service is usually very quick and the food is absolutely delicious! It's pretty affordable for the quality that is provided. My go to in the winter is the chicken pho and my two other favorites are the barbecue banh mi and salad.Great food, decent prices, and amazing staff. My family and I came here for a late night dinner. The restaurant was nice and quiet for our dinning experience, as we ordered practically everything on the menu. We will definitely be returning to this great tasting restaurant in the near future!The truth is these guys do a good job. The thing we ordered the other night could have been even higher than your four stars but we got mussels right? Half those things were closed tight. My mother always said you don't eat closed mussels because you'll get food poisoning but what does she know. Old habits die hard I guess. Listen, the seafood platter we got was packed right in a bag and even came with those fancy plastic bibs with a picture of a lobster on it. Crawfish? Never again. Ain't worth it. But I would take a bath in the sauce they used for the crawfish. It's a shame.Excellent small Vietnamese restaurant with very friendly staff and food at a very reasonable price! I had the chicken pho as well as the Vietnamese iced tea, and both were very good. The staff were very welcoming and friendly, and I received prompt service. I will definitely go back here!It's time I reviewed this place! We've moved out of Philadelphia, but anytime I'm back in town, this place is #1 on my must-visit list. No joke - on a recent drive from NY to D.C., we made a pit-stop in Philadelphia just to have lunch here. 
The food is delicious. You can really tell the owners and people who work here care about the quality of the food they make. I highly recommend byob a bottle of wine and go to town on a couple pounds of crawfish with their Casian seasoning b/c the simplicity yet off the charts deliciousness will give you one of those "can life get any better?" moments... or at least that's what happens to me. 
Also amazing: their crab fried rice (which has enough crab to have crab in every bite! Find me another place that cares that much about their crab fried rice! You can't!!) Also: their wings, salt and pepper shrimp, and if you're feeling like something on the lighter side, their Asian slaw.
What truly sets this place apart are the people who work here. They are really friendly and genuine - and it makes it feel like you're eating at a good friend or family member's restaurant.A fantastic addition to the neighborhood.
The seafood is wonderful and their summer rolls are delicious. Everything is made fresh when you order. The owners are kind, friendly and want to have feedback about your experience! This place has to stay. Try it you will enjoy on all fronts.This is a really cute Southeast Asian restaurant in Grad School Hospital. I only ate the chicken wings here but they have a variety of different types of chicken wings. The spicy curry chicken wings were interesting in the fact that the wings had some kind of curry mustard and basil leaves on it. The Thai Chili Chicken Wings was sweet deep fried with the thai chili sauce. Everything was very delicious but I wish that they gave us a larger bowl of rice! Bistro Southeast is a restaurant that I will definitely return to explore more of their menu.I love the location of this establishment. It is a very friendly neighborhood for the younger crowd with lots of options to choose from.
I like their seafood selection with the speciality sauces that they use. It is definitely different from Crabby Cafe, however different in a good way.
Service was great and I will definitely be back.
ALSO BYOB!!Stopped in randomly looking for a place to neutralize a Friday night hangover; couldn't believe our luck (myself and the lady).
Perfect sized menu with options spanning the divine cuisine of Southeast Asia. Opted for the social of the day, the Asian Chicken Sandwich, which evokes memories of my cafe experiences throughout Hanoi, Vietnam. GF went with a noodle/salad combo that wasn't necessarily what she expected (was gunning for more of a hot soup instead of cold noodles), but it hardly disappointed.
We then left to take on the festivities and hoppy beverages of Blocktoberfest on South Street. After congregating at a local Amiga's abode we followed our stomachs back to the Bistro so we could vanquish some dinner menu options.
We ended up splitting the 1lb mussels, caked in a Cajun sauce that was recommended by the hostess, and paired it with the Thai Sweet Chili wings. We didn't talk for 20 minutes as we made sweet love to the dishes (neither one of us caring about the infidelity), only stopping to look up every once and a while, admire the lobster bibs they had given us, and nod approval at taste of heaven we found ourselves engaged in.
They've only been open for three months, but the food, courtesy and warmth of the staff, and ambience reflects a more seasoned (pun certainly intended) business.
Simply put, you won't be disappointed by any aspect or element of your experience (be it dine in or take out). The cognitive dissonance I implore by wanting to keep this place a secret, all the while concurrently wanting it to thrive, was difficult to manage. But I went with my gut (hehe another pun) and chose to share my feelings with the rest of you. Bon APPETIT mes amisWow this place was just my style.  Somewhat casual setting, great service, reasonable prices, and amazing seafood and Asian creations!  We had lobster summer rolls, sweet chili wings, and steamed  peel shrimp with Cajun sauce.  All were fantastic.  I'll be coming back here.A delightful dinning experience.  The food was delicious, full of flavor and the staff was excellent.     A friend recommended the restaurant to me, and it did not disappoint, a definite must try if you are in the area.   Some food highlights; the shrimp rolls were really good, the soft shell crab bun was delicious, the seafood boil was amazing and the deep fried cheesecake was worth every calories. Looking foward to my next visit!Stopped by for lunch and was impressed by the menu, service, and food!
On weekends, it is not crowded. They do a lot of hospital business on weekdays. They have highchairs. 
We loved the chicken pho (very good, but clearly not as good as from a pho house) and the marinated beef bao! The bao is stuffed to the brim with meat and worth the $8+ price tag!
Will be back!Fantastic shrimp and pork Dumplings. I would highly recommend them for you. The service was very good. I would even go there on a quotidian bases. Price was also very reasonable. The menu was also very lucid. Nothing like this in the area.Lunch menu is served all day and really cheap. Definitely get the ribeye baoMy experience might have just been an unlucky fluke, but since this was my only visit so far, I have nothing else to base this restaurant on. 
Take the description literally when you order garlic butter seasoning for one of their seafood boils. The crawfish I had here was by far the most bland of any crawfish I've ever had. There was no salt (or any other kind of seasoning) aside from the watered down butter and chopped-up head of garlic in the bag. It tasted like crawfish boiled in water.
Giving this place three stars for the solid sweet potato fries and decent service. I'll look elsewhere for a seafood boil in philly (or cross my fingers and order their Cajun seasoning next time).Had lunch here today. Sat at counter and had nice conversation with owner. Great prices and flavor. Had the shrimp summer roll with the two dipping sauces. Delicious. whole menu looked great. Would love to go back.After having "hot n juicy" crawfish in D.C. I was on the hunt for a similar experience in Philly and I found it at Bistro SouthEast! This is a pretty unassuming place from the outside, and I've passed by it for years, so I was thrilled to learn I could have the boiled in a bag seafood experience right in my own neighborhood. We got the "combo" - a blend of mussels and shrimp boiled up with cajun seasoning in a bag with the additions of potatoes and corn. The cajun seasoning here was milder than that of the "Hot n Juicy" chain but was delicious. The summer roll with tofu appetizer did not disappoint and my Thai Iced Tea was a nice, sweet compliment to the meal. Our server was very friendly as well.This is my favorite seafood place in the neighborhood. Everything I tried so far is very fresh and delicious. I love their crab fried rice and salt and pepper shrimp.I tried the chicken wings and the crawfish. The chicken wings were very good. Very crispy. The crawfish boil was very disappointing. The sauce was not very savory and it was very thick. More like a gravy so it did not seep into the crawfish meat like most seafood boils do. Although i must admit the crawfish was very big. On size and quality of the crawfish i would give them a good rating however, for the quality of the sauce and taste, i would give them a low scoreI stopped in here hoping to grab a quick and tasty lunch. I ordered the curry tofu sandwich with jalapeños and then waited what seemed like an inordinate amount of time for such a simple sandwich. When I got to my destination and began eating the sandwich, I found that they had forgotten to add the jalapeños - and they were sorely missed, because it was the most tasteless sandwich I have ever eaten. The tofu, rather than being crisp and tasty, was limp and bland. The sandwich might have been palatable with the additions of salt, jalapeños, and plenty of sriracha, but I didn't have any of those available, so I could barely finish half of it.The service is great and the bistro southeast salad with added tofu was superb!  Loved the salad dressing.  Great place!First timer highly impress. Got delivery to my office. I sorta eat like a bird but was forced to order as one for two because of the delivery third party minimum, but the food was amazing! Ordered the noodle bowl with grilled chicken and shrimp summer spring rolls. The summer roll was so fresh, light and perfect!A welcome surprise to find this cozy little restaurant in the neighborhood. The chicken pho was tasty with a lovely version of keffir leaf and lime dipping sauce, but sadly no basil. The pork banh mi was tasty too. However, the tofu/rice plate was a bit oversalted and though the most 'expensive' of the three plates, the least creative. I would love to try it again and hope that albeit I could see the staff cooking with love, that the service might be a bit quicker next time.Great customer service, and their southeast bistro salad is also amazing.  Definitely coming here again.This restaurant mostly sells seafood by the pound and sandwiches. The mussels were delicious with a flavorful and spicy broth and the dumplings in the dumpling soup maintained their shape and moisture. Would order both again. The crab fried rice, however, was below average .I live around the corner and frequently order takeout from Bistro Southeast. Everything I've ordered has been great - recommend any of the banh mi, the noodle bowls, the wings and the shrimp rollsAwesome food, had the seafood combo with crawfish and soft shell crab fried rice. Great idea to top of the fried rice with the crab. Went a second time and food was consistent and wings are out of this world!Was excited to try this place out due to the reviews. We ordered the crawfish and shrimp with the Cajun spicy sauce and it was bland which was very disappointing. The other dishes we ordered were the summer rolls and wings which were okay. Nothing exciting. Maybe we just went on an off day.Good execution on Thai/Asian fusion food.
I ordered the Thai Sweet Chili Wings to start. The exterior was densely crisp in well seasoned breading. The sauce was quite basic sweet/sour sauce that lacked complexity. It was simply just sweet. That said it tasted good on the wings. Inside the crisp fried breading/skin was hot, juicy, tender, and well executed meat. I did think this was served too hot. But that's not the worst problem to have. 
As an entree I ordered the lemongrass pork belly rice plate. The menu indicated this dish includes a "heaping" mound of rice. I found the portion adequate but by no means heaping.
The dish consisted of that rice, a small cabbage/cilantro slaw, and pork belly. The slaw was ok, tasted almost like more of a fibrous garnish with a bit of vinaigrette than a salad. 
The pork belly was disappointing. It was poorly executed: too tough. It did not exhibit the unctuous melty fat of the best forms of this ingredient. However, the lemongrass flavor did absorb into the pork belly well which did mildly redeem the dish. 
2.5/5 for the pork belly, 4.5/5 for the wings.My favorite place in PHILLY!!! Omg the best fresh food, so many options. The staff is always nice and it's ALWAYS clean into and outside of the restaurant. Me and my husband eat here maybe twice a monthNice people, easy vibe. I should go back here because while I wasn't too plussed about what I got, I could see some potential for the more complete seafood dishes on the menu.Bistro SouthEast has really become a go to restaurant for me.  I've been waiting for an authentic Vietnamese place where you can get classic Vietnamese hoagies and this place has it on top of some other great dishes.  The Southeast Wings with Thai sweet chili sauce is a must have.  The décor is new, nice and clean.  I looking forward to trying out their seafood and in particular their crawfish boils!The mango sticky rice is a must-order!! So yummy. Reminds me of the one that I ate in Thailand.A friend and I had the BBQ pork sandwich (a variation on the bahn mi) and agreed it was superb.  Tasty and very generous (not your "grandfather's rather skimpy bahn mi.)  The dinner menu also looks very tempting with lots of interesting seafood preparations. 
The wait staff was also extremely friendly and helpful.
I will definitely return.Service is great but the food is even better I plan on trying the whole menu This becoming a regular spot for me and my girlfriend And the food is Not expensiveI was thoroughly satisfied with the Thai chili wings! Tender inside with a nice crispy exterior. The shrimp po boy could have used a tad bit more of that delicious sauce, nonetheless that was awesome too. Finally the rice pudding here is elite and the syrup is given to you on the side so you can balance the sweetness.This has become my standby for takeout. The sandwiches have all been great, though I wish they still had the traditional Banh Mi on the menu. The summer rolls and wings are favorites, as well. For dinner, you can't beat the noodle bowls or Salt and Pepper Shrimp. Everything is made fresh, and the service is friendly.I was very surprised with their wings. As I am a big fan of fried chicken wings and always looking for a place that is close to us and this was a great discovery.  My husband and I debated if these wings were better than Cafe Soho. Yes, the wings are that good.  I still love the Cafe Soho wings, but my husband prefer them more because they are not as sweet as Cafe Soho. I think if you do not like sweet wings, these might be your best bet in Philly. 
Just a word of caution, this place is not big so you will have to wait a long time to get served. It was not a problem for us because we were looking for a place to chill and teach our 18 months old about eating out. If you are in hurry, get take-out. I think this will be added to the top of our take-out list.
I loved the salt and pepper shrimp, the wings and the crab fried rice. They all were very good. Can't wait to try more from their menu.Bistro Southeast is one of my favorite spots in all of Philadelpia. The wings are unreal. Definitely the best I have had in the city. Also the staff could not be any more kind. They make me feel like a part of their restaurant community.After viewing Midtown Lunch's vision of a pork belly sandwich, I knew I had to stop by Bistro Southeast's newly opened shop in the Graduate Hospital area, south of Rittenhouse. Their mission is to showcase the melange of Southeast Asian and Cajun "Casian" flavors, while highlighting quality seafood as well.
Full transparency for their seafood MP is appreciated, with offerings ranging from Alaskan snow crab and king crab to crawfish. There's plenty of seating for the lunchtime crowd, with a clean and casual design.
Korean BBQ Ribeye Buns [$8.95]
Steamed mantou bun
A hefty portion of tender ribeye was marinated with the prototypical Korean flavors of fruit and soy. Balanced by pickled carrots, the freshness of the lettuce and the the texture of sesame seeds against the sweet pillowy Chinese buns made for a nice bite.
Soft Shell Crab Bun [$9.95]
Steamed mantou bun
The soft shell crab buns were stellar, with a whole crab halved between the two buns. The fry rendered the crab perfectly crispy and not at all greasy, with the meatiness of the sweet crustacean coming through. Great textural bite with this one, with the crisp and lightly pickled cucumbers really providing a countervailing element to the crab!
Po' Boy Fish Sandwich [$8.95]
Toasted french baguette, pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro 
The fried fish po' boy featured crisply fried and moist fish. This was housed within a wonderfully toasted and fresh french baguette. The crunch of the pickled carrots and cucumbers added a nice bahn mi element to each bite, along with the herbaceouness of the cilantro.
Lemongrass Pork Belly Sandwich [$7.95] [$6.95]
Toasted french baguette, pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro
But I was here for the lemongrass pork belly sandwich. While not as pretty as Midtown Lunch Philly's iteration in terms of grill marks, the flavors of the lemongrass and the unctuousness of the pork belly were definitely there. Better yet - it was on special so who can complain about saving a buck? Again, the balance between the cucumbers, carrots, and cilantro made each bite, along with the wonderful bread.
So if you're in the Graduate Hospital area, I would definitely pop on in for a proper workday lunch. With most of the lunchtime offerings below $10, you'd be robbing yourself of a delicious and affordable Southeast "Casian" experience if you didn't. A separate dinner menu is available as well so I'll definitely have to stop by again to check that out. Pro-tip: It's BYO!We popped in on a whim, hot and exhausted after a long walk in the sun. Our server was very welcoming and cheerful, and the food was absolutely fantastic.
I loved the rib bao!Loved everything about our meal here. The owner even let us pick off the dinner menu during lunch time. We had Vietnamese bbq pork banh mi, bistro salad with shrimp, Thai sweet chili wings and crab fried rice. Will definitely be back for more!Ordered take out from Bistro Southeast on Uber Eats. I had the pepper shrimp entree and a crab meat fried rice. The crab meat fried rice was a big surprise. It had crab meat in the rice and a whole fired soft shell crab on top of it. For $14.95, it was a great deal. The only issue was the rice was a bit cold and hard. It wasn't cooked enough. Otherwise it would be an amazing dish. The pepper shrimp was ok nothing special nothing wrong either. I would go back and try the crab meat fried rice again and other dishes.Stopped in today due to the good reviews and low prices. My boyfriend and I split the pork belly sandwich which was delicious. The sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked with a hint of spicy (which I love!). We also split the sweet chili thai wings. They were crispy and covered in just the right amount of sauce. Service was attentive and fast.  I have no complaints and will definitely be coming back! Love this place :)I have twice lunched here recently with a friend on the suggestion of my wife who had been favorably impressed. I ordered the pork sandwich which is a kind of "Banmi" served over greens with a delicious sauce  (of which I asked for another portion on the side). This was washed down with a a  Thai sweet ice tea. Th next time I had the shrimp sandwich special with a spicy sauce and a mint lemonade.
Our hostess, Muy, was gracious and helpful and the setting simple but very pleasant. I recommend this restaurant as an outstanding value.I have only used Yelp delivery service and the food was so good I've ordered three times this week.  The soft shell crab buns are filling and delicious. The summer roll portion is big, affordable and filled with fresh vegetables. The vinaigrette that comes with it tastes amazing.  I don't take the time to review many places, but I had to for this place.Great food, nice people, what more can you want?
Love all of the vegetarian options.
The homemade salad dressing is delicious!!
Get the summer rolls with tofu!!Really clean place. Had lunch there with my parents. The music was definitely someone's playlist, and I liked it, but not sure my parents did. The food was really hot, made within a reasonable time frame. When we were there, a lot of people came in for take-out orders. Will go back.I'm a fan of this place. It is a great option for local asian food, and specializes in seafood (not the most common combination). I usually end up getting a pad thai on lazy nights, and they have always delivered a warm, soul-filling meal. I usually order my meals here to go - but the service is great and they are always warm in their demeanor. Next time I come here, I'll have to try their seafood.I will have to frequent this place more to try more of their dishes...cute atmosphere with the nicest selection of throwbacks for music. The wall has illustrations detailing how to eat a variety of seafood ranging from crabs to lobsters to crawfish, etc.
Came here on a rainy day after church to grab some lunch - half of us were craving pho (myself included) but I ended up ordering the shrimp cajun noodles which turned out to be an EXCELLENT decision as the two others who ended up getting the chicken pho at my table opted to drool over my plate when it was set down in front of me. Their caseian sauce is amazing...I don't usually like pasta dishes (this was very much like a pasta - less saucy and more buttery) or any shrimp dishes in general but this one hit the spot. The shrimp was tender and flavorful and the noodles were coated nicely in the Cajun spiced sauce - not overpowering in anyway but nicely accentuating the shrimp flavor. It was a bit oily...but the oil was quite essential for the buttery-ness as well so not complaining. It was a pretty good portion for the size considering shrimp fills you up fast and they give you a good amount of shrimp. 
My friends enjoyed their chicken pho which looked pretty good, not gonna lie, but I prefer beef flavored pho so I just didn't try it as I was plenty content with my noodles. One of them opted to finish my shrimp dish instead of her pho so...follow suit and order the noodles.I would not recommend this place if you want flavorful crawfish. We got the garlic butter and cajun sauce , both lack any depth of flavor , all I tasted is water down butter with old bay seasoning. I'm used to Viet Cajun style sauce and this is more like a traditional boil . The food taste safe , not enough courage seasoning .I never beg for salt in my food , but here it could help bring the food to life . Good neighborhood restaurant if you lived  in the neighborhood. The rest of the menu items , chicken wings , crab fried rice is ok , very underwhelming. The customer service is excellent , but the food very forgettable.I was house-sitting for my cousin who lives in Rittenhouse and decided to talk a walk to find something quick to take out and eat for lunch. As luck would have it I found this utterly amazing Asian Fusion bistro set up in a very non-conspicuous location. I figured, I was in the mood for something local, fresh, and ethnic, and I had to pat myself on the back after settling on this place. My personal motto is a perfect day can be ruined by a bad meal and a great meal can make your bad days perfect.
Let's go by strictly the food as I ordered takeout- I ordered the Tofu Wraps which were filled with wholesome fresh vegetables herbs and pan fried tofu. I've never had something like it before where the rolls were tightly wrapped and jammed with so much flavor bursting purely from freshness, how cool is that?!
For an entree I ordered the Banh Mi which also exceeded my expectations and blew me away as I was savoring every bite of freshly baked baguette, perfectly charred BBQ pork and topped with the same fresh vegetables that were to be found in my appetizer.
This place was such a great treat that I'm jealous that I don't live where my cousin does because I would come here every week if that were the case.OBSESSED with this place, i'm already planning when i can come back.
If you've watched David Chang's "Ugly Delicious" and you watch the crawfish episode, they talk about this new food trend called "Viet Cajun" and that's exactly what this place reminds me of. Granted, this is in Philly, not Houston or New Orleans but I think they do a great job with what they have.
For 3 people we split the Combo #5 seafood boil, soft shell crab fried rice and a pork banh mi and it was the perfect amount of food.
The #5 seafood Boil:
the crawfish was good but not as good as the shrimp. the juices are so good and flavorful but i definitely want to go very spicy next time; mild is good but too buttery for my taste. the shrimp and crab were probably my favorite, the meat with the sauce was soooo delicious. the potatoes were overly boiled though, i could definitely do without those. the lobster tails were also a favorite of mine but they're on the pricier side
Soft Shell Crab Fried Rice:
the crab itself is flawless, full of flavor and perfectly fried. the rice however was a bit dry; it wasn't as flavorful as i'd want it to be but maybe it was an off day
Pork Banh Mi:
loved this, not the best banh mi i've had but the flavors were great!
all in all, this place is fantastic. good prices, good service and great food. you will come here and begin your new obsession with viet cajun cuisineOne of the most consistent places to eat in the city.  Crazy fast and delicious every time!I was looking for a reasonable place in South Philly to celebrate my boyfriend's 25th birthday with his friends. Being that he and his friends drink a lot, I thought it was be best to find a BYOB place. The pictures and reviews for this place looked really good- so I booked a table.  When I got here at 8:30 pm the place was so empty, I was a little afraid to carry out the dinner plans, but I thought " welp too late to care now" (literally). 
While I sat in the empty restaurant alone waiting for the rest of the party I notice the staff was very patient, friendly, and clean.  Although the place was empty the staff continuously cleaned. 
This is a small, what looks to be, mom and pop shop.  But to be honest the food here is amazing! 
The seafood combos were not only cheap but, fresh and deliciously well cooked. The sauce was flavorful and not at all salty like how most restaurants make their seafood. For $52 my boyfriend and I split combo 3 which included: 1lb crawfish, 1lb shrimp, 1lb clams, one snow crab (split evenly in half), 4 potatoes and 4 corns. I would definitely come back! 
P.S.- there wasn't an uncorking fee for bottles and although the staff tells you in advance what time they will close they were nice enough to wait patiently for us to leave- they did not kick us out.Best summer rolls in the city ! And amazing chicken. Wings . Chicken pho,dumplings ,everything is delicious.
Staff are fantastic and friendly !Went here to grab lunch the other day. We got the tofu banh mi sandwich. It was delicious. Nice little spot on South St. The sandwich itself was on a fresh roll and the tofu is drizzled with curry mayo! It comes with some fresh veggies. 
This is probably one of the better (if not the best) banh mis we have had in the city! 
The service was great. The lady behind the counter was really nice and even brought our takeout order outside to us while we waited. (We waited maybe a total of 5 mins). 
Great place to grab a bite, and will definitely be going back especially for lunch!
(The picture of the banh mi just has half, it does include 2 halves... I finished the other half before I even took the photo!)Both times I tried their banh mi sandwiches, I thought they were great. Great bread. And they cook the meats on premise, so be prepared to for your clothes to smell like delicious marinated meat! Slightly pricey, but the big portion definitely makes up for it. 
Excited to come back for dinner and try their seafood boils!Ordered the take out and the food was amazing!!! The fried chicken was amazing and soft shell bum was delicious!!Guess I'm just not sure what the fuss is. We live nearby and had this place on our list for ages, based on all the amazing reviews. We had 3-4 dishes and all tasted like pretty average - the noodles with lemongrass pork, and some others I don't even really recall. The flavoring was pretty lacking, and the space itself felt very bland and odd. Customer service was pretty lacking. Guess I just don't get it.Excellent food. Had the seafood combo 1.  I never had crayfish before but was pleasantly surprised.  Everything was delicious!Awesome spot for their seafood combos. Whether you're in the mood for crawfish or shrimp, they have it all! Must do it with the casian sauce, yum!!The food was great. My friend had crab fried rice that was very tasty. I had salt and pepper shrimp which was also tasty. We shared curry and sweet chili wings. They were also really good. Shrimp spring role were good. The staff was also very nice and inviting. Will definitely come back.My wife and I visited this past weekend and we were excited to try it. We had been craving a seafood boil and I would say that this place was pretty successful for the seafood that we tried. 
Overall: We generally liked what we had and would come back, but we lamented afterwards that next time we would make some different choices or some modifications. I really wish I could give this a 3.5/5. I could easily see myself coming back and updating this review based off the other items offered at this restaurant.
See below for the individual food dish reviews:
Seafood Boil Combo #2 (shrimp, clams, corn, sausage and potatoes) with the standard sauce (medium) 4/5: This was pretty gosh darn good. The shrimp and clams were perfectly cooked. The sauce was ample (almost too much!) and the corn was really sweet. If I were to get this again, I would get the sauce on the side as at times some of the items felt too drenched.
Dungeness crab (1 pound; with the standard sauce) 3/5: I am a big fan of crab, but rarely splurge and get anything besides snow crab. This is the one time that I wish I would have gotten snow crab. This crab felt much smaller than I was used to for dungeness and while not bad, I wasn't wowed. 
Mint Lime-aide 4/5: This was actually pretty good. Very minty and fresh tasting. I would get this again.
Rib-eye buns 3/5: The flavors of this bun was OK. I have had many buns that were better, but there was nothing really wrong with this item. I wished I would have gotten the soft shell crab bun instead. 
Price 4/5: The prices were reasonable and even offered a yelp check in discount
Service 5/5: The waitress and other staff were very accommodating and very nice, exactly what you want.Sooooo my husband and I tried this restaurant out for the first time today.  I was coming from a doctors appointment and wanted to grab some lunch.  The atmosphere was quaint and cozy.  The wait staff/ owner was a sweet heart and the food was EXCELLENT!!  It truly surpassed my expectations.  We had the wings and OMG we were NOT disappointed!! Salt and pepper and the thi chili wings were GREAT!  The wings were fried to perfection, came out piping hot and were seasoned just right.  We also had a po' boy shrimp, soft shell crab sandwich and sweet potato fries.  ALL EXCELLENT!  I LOVE FOOD and this restaurant is a hidden gem.  The owners are extremely nice and very courteous.  Hubby and I will be back for dinner very soon.  If you are thinking about trying the food here DO IT!! You will not be disappointed!!BYOB. 
Solid southeast asian dishes and seafood by the bag. I dined in and got a pound of crawfish and a pound of shrimp. It was a ton of food, seasoned simply but deliciously. I would definitely return next time I feel like eating a lot of seafood. I'm interested in the crab but will definitely get shrimp again. 
The only appetizer I had were the summer rolls but they were good. 
It was not busy when I went and the storefront is small but intimidate. Staff was extremely friendly. 
Note: I believe they are closed on Mondays.A gem in our neighborhood. I had lunch yesterday with a friend. He had gone there before and recommended that we share a grilled pork sandwich, a pork belly sandwich and a fried chicken wings. All dishes were delicious. They were prepared carefully, perfectly seasoned and more than just tasty. I'll go back again. It is BYOB. I've been told that their seafood dishes are excellent. I look forward to returning.Tried the lemongrass pork belly bahn mi. Not huge, a little overpriced at $8.95. The baguette was a little too hard. The toppings (pickled carrots, cucumber, jalapeño's, spicy mayo) were the best part of the sandwich- tasty and plentiful. The meat was VERY disappointing. The pork belly was almost flavorless and it was way too crispy. 2.5/5.Great food. We had Combo no. 1 with mussels and casian. The amount and quality of seafood included was really good. Thai ice tea was not good and service was below average (I guess they were very busy with take away orders). We will probably come back for the quality of seafood.Best bbq pork bahn mi I've had in Philly so far. It had everything I expected a bahn mi would have, where I feel that other restaurants often are missing something or replace the crunchy French roll with a soft hoagie roll (not the same experience!) Will definitely be ordering it again. I also tried their soft shell crab buns which weren't terrible. I would probably ask to substitute the wasabi mayo with spicy mayo next time out of personal preference. I felt like the wasabi was overpowering the flavor of the entire dish. If you enjoy wasabi, you may opt to keep it. 
This seemed like a family owned mom and pop shop. The server was pleasant. Prices are reasonable, not overpriced.This was seriously the surprise of the vacation. We had an Airbnb nicely close to here and specifically chose it because of the byob. The review about David Chang's show MADE us go. My husband and I loved it. We got the #1 boil extra spicy and it was phenomenal. The potato was my favorite part, that's not a bad thing I'm an Irish girl, haha! We got it Cajun style and it was seriously the best meal we've had in Philly. We both plan to dream about it until our next trip back. If you like anything cajun or spicy it's SOOOO worth it.Terrific. No shiny decor. But excellent food. Attractive dishes, nicely plated, food looks fresh and tastes great. Very reasonably priced.The bright part of this Sunday was our visit to Bistro Southeast.
Food; Pepper Shrimp - just the right amount of 'heat' made with fresh vegetables & Seafood. You can't go wrong!
Noodle Bowl with Pork Belly , great balance of salt and sweet. A must try selection.This place is awesome. My boyfriend and I get food here about once a month. Everything is fresh and reasonable. Their BBQ ribeye buns are to die for. The buns are like little clouds. The lemongrass pork is great in the noodle bowls and on sandwiches. There shrimp summer rolls are very healthy and refreshing and their shrimp and pork potstickers are delisous. Not to mention they have the best sweet potato fries! We never go without a side to share. This place is great for a quick bite or for take out!This is my favorite and most often visited restaurant so far in Philly.  You have to try their chicken pho, summer roll, and Cajun sauce spicy Combo. Oh, the  crab fried rice is so delicious as well.  Seems they don't do delivery any more, but I would rather walk 15 minutes for the food.  The waitresses are very patient and nice as well. I really hope they open a branch in city center, hahaaJust went here with my husband tonight. It was delicious and pretty cheap considering its seafood and byob. Had the lobster summer roll special, snow crabs and the combo 1 with crawfish and mussels. Everything was well seasoned and delicious. Would definitely go back.Awesome. Super fresh and tasty. Chicken nicely marinated and tender. Grilled shrimp perfectly cooked. Not over cooked!!!My brother and I both loved our noodle bowls! I got BBQ pork and he got chicken. Super speedy service and very yummy portions!Love the service here. The staff is so kind and welcoming! Prices are pretty reasonable for the huge portions they give you. I like the variability of sandwiches, pho, seafood.
I am a vegetarian and love the options they have for vegetarians. Ordered their tofu banh mi, wow so filling!  They also have deals some days like $4.99 Mango Rice!
The food comes out hot, fast and fresh. My boyfriend and I love coming here at night.Me and my family was try the bistro SouthEast yesterday the service is very nice they alway check to see it u need anything and make sure ur water is full of the glass and the food also not badA really great seafood/sandwich spot w/a family feel. 
I came here with my boyfriend a few days ago when we were on the hunt for good Asian food. There are tons of really varied options on the menu (everything from seafood boils to chicken wings) so we got a little bit carried away and ordered too much food. We got the thai sweet chili wings, the lemongrass pork belly banh mi, sweet potato fries, and the crawfish. Overall the meal was pretty heavy/salty, but the flavors/textures/quality was definitely there. 
Thai sweet chili wings: The chicken was cooked perfectly: juicy and tender with a perfect crisp on the outside, but the thai chili sauce was a little bit overpowering in its sweetness. I can see why other people love them, but I'll probably try getting the salt baked wings next time. 
Lemongrass pork belly banh mi: The bread was great, really soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, and the pork belly was flavorful, but there weren't enough veggies in the banh mi! Also there was a bit too much mayo for my liking, (but that's probably my bad, should have asked for it on the side). Overall it was good, but certainly not the best banh mi I've had in philly, and quite a bit more expensive, so I'll be going elsewhere for my banh mi fix.
Sweet potato fries: I love sweet potato fries and these definitely did not disappoint. Not the best I've ever had, but really really good nonetheless!
Crawfish: This was the first time I'ver ever had crawfish, so I can't make any comparisons, but I thought it was pretty great. The crawfish is served to you in a tied plastic bag to keep in the heat/to allow the flavors to really mix, and idk if that's how they get the crawfish to be so buttery/garlicy/delicious, but they should definitely keep doing what they're doing. They give you a bucker for the shells and bibs to keep yourself clean, and since it takes so long to eat it becomes a sort of event which is pretty fun. Oh, apparently if you come on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday they have live crawfish so it's REAL fresh. The crawfish we had was cooked probably on Sunday and frozen immediately (still good though). I'm excited to come back one of these weekends to try their lives ones!Seriously good south East Asian food-- affordable and really high quality. Very different flavors too! I love the bahn mi's -- debatably the best in south Philly and the soft shell crab sandwich is amazingOverall a good experience! My parents and I enjoyed the food and it came out very quickly. We got the shrimp potstickers, tofu spring rolls, thai salad, and a bucket of seafood. My only issue was that there were two different pop songs playing at the same time in different parts of the restaurant which made it hard to have a conversation at times. I was also a little disappointed that their menu is different for dinner and lunch, I really wanted to try some of their bun dishes!The sign for Vietnamese coffee lured me in and the menu kept me lingering, so much so that I ordered food.
Staff is friendly and attentive and food is made-to-order. I got the sweet chili wings and the salt-n-pepper wings - both were delicious, however the salt-n-pepper ones were out of this world. You get 6 wings with each order, so it's perfect for lunch. 
I'll definitely be back, as their menu had other tasty-looking options, like chicken pho and banh mi.We ordered the thai sweet chili wings, garlic noodles, and crawfish. Wings were good, garlic noodles and crawfish were bland but I think up north/east coast cajun seafood boils are different than what we are use to down south. Nice staff.Must I say I stopped in on the wrong night . I came here to try the sandwiches and bao buns but didn't realized it was only for lunch . Came in and got seated right away . The waitress gave us time to look over the menu as it was our first time here . So I ended up getting combo #1 which is 1lb of crawfish with clams in Cajun seasoning and my boyfriend got the dungeoness crab in curry sauce . The crawfish wasn't the best . It taste like the one that you'll get at the buffet . As for the dungeoness crab , it wasn't good either . Very pricey at 28$ a pound not worth it at all . 
My food took a very long long time to come out . My waitress didn't seem to remembered everything we ordered . The food was already taking long so I didn't want to reordered the items that was forgotten . My combo comes with corns and sausages and that didn't come out til after I've finished my crawfish and clams . From what I know , that usually comes in a bag with the seafood . Waitress didn't really check up on us to see if we needed anything or to even refill our cups of water . Horrible , horrible service . 
Overall my potstickers and crispy shrimp rolls appetizers were the only thing I like . Maybe I'll give it another try but considering lunch menu next time . 
I gave it a two stars because my apps was good and she didn't charged Bae for one of his coconut water for waiting too long .Wooo Weee! Yes, the place to come for a seafood boil. Nice blend of Cajun spices in a bag, perfect for a gathering of friends and the diagrams helped this seafood cracking dummy get through it without injury.  My friends and I ordered beer to be delivered to the restaurant and took lots of pictures with our Foodie group, Philly Foodies! 
It's a winner in my book! Can't wait to go back!Both me and a friend ordered from this place. We called it in and picked it up with the intention of having a "seafood boil" at home. I ordered the seafood combo #2 which came with shrimp/I chose mussels/corn and potatoes. I got Cajun butter for that and I also got a cluster of crab legs with garlic butter. I opened the shrimp/mussels and could immediately smell the Cajun butter it smelled really good. I also enjoyed the taste. I was expecting some spice because of the name but this sauce isn't spicy at all. It could have used a bit more seasoning in my opinion but still good. I went in to open my crab legs and as doin as I opened the bag it was an overwhelming smell of ammonia like the smell over took the smell of everything else. I thought I was crazy and kept on going in for more sniffs but the string ammonia odor didn't subside and I'm not an expert seafood eater but I doubt that's safe to consume so I didn't but they deff should be paying more attention to detail when it comes to food quality because that probably would have made me sick as a dog if I did consume it.Saddened that my previous 2 times coming here to order their seafood combos, similar to Boiling Crab style, of steamed seafood goodness in a bag filled with corn, sausage, and potatoes. I used love how juicy and fresh the seafood was right after opening the steaming bag with cajun sauce or garlic butter aroma. Unfortunately, the reason I'm giving 3 stars is because today the shrimp and mussels were completely dry and tasted like it was defrosted from the freezer. The sauce was missing its old fashion spicy and bold cajun kick, but instead it kicked me with an oily and dull slap in the face. Was really disappointed with the $30 spent on a dry bag of seafood. Would have loved it if it could keep up it's consistency of taste.I recently went here for the first time and have been craving to come back since we left. The crab rice, lobster summer rolls, crispy shrimp spring rolls, Thai chili wings - delicious. The mango sticky rice is to die for - it's more like a dessert. Everything is made fresh to order.Would I reccomend this place? Yes. Would I go again? Yes. Would I go for their seafood again? Not really. When you first walk in, you are greeted by one of the waiting staff and you are seated with water and menu. We ordered the combo for 3 special as our seafood and salt and pepper wings as our apps. It takes a couple minutes to come out but it's worth the wait. The wings came and it was very good with the salt and pepper flavor and you also get alittle of the Jalapeño flavor with it. Then the seafood arrived... even though crayfishes are not in seasoned, they were able to bring in big sized crayfishes, which surprised me alot. The crab legs were big also. But the main issue I had with it was the flavor of the sauce. Their wasn't alot of sauce and it had alittle flavor. It didn't have that "cajin" flavor to it. It just that spicy sensation. And something else surprised me as well. They added flour to the sauce which seems odd to me because I don't see many seafood place putting flour on their seafood. I understand it's to thicken up the sauce, but at least dissolved the flour with the sauce. The actual meat was good and sweet! But really wished the sauce had flavor. The shrimp was alittle overcooked, but I didn't mind. Overall experience. Good service, good seafood, but lacks flavor which was a big disappointment, and the flour was a let down. 3/5 stars.Every food that I have fried at Bistro Southeast was so good. Their chicken pho has the best broth.UPDATE (3.21.19)...when pick up chicken pho last night, I saw the cook, sitting, holding his phone, with his plastic cooking gloves on, texting.  I'm a stickler for cleanliness in restaurants. 5 stars down to 3 stars now
Chicken pho - broth had a refreshing, clean taste.  The chicken was very tender.  It came with side of citrus sauce to put into the pho!
BBQ Pork Bahnmi - the pork was tasty and the portion size was what I expected. All the ingredients were fresh.  The bread/roll was soft.
Sweet potato fries ($4.50) - fries were warm and came with a side of spicy mayo.  
Would I go back?  I wouldn't mind.  Wouldn't go out my way to go there.
FYI....place is BYCame here because a friend had recommended it and was not disappointed. We got a crawfish and shrimp boil. We tried both the cajun and the garlic butter. The only complaint I have is that there is not enough sauce. However, I would definitely come here again.I have lived here for almost one year now and this is the place I come back the most. My wife and I finally strayed away from the individual dishes and finally delved into what EVERYONE  goes there for...the seafood. Of course we had to have the summer rolls for their huge fresh flavor. We ordered the pound of shrimp, mussels with a side of potatoes, sausage and corn. We had to do the traditional casian seasoning. The platter was marinating/bathing within the seasoning as we opened the bag to the treasure of goods. The experience was truly amazing and I know why people drop everything for the seafood!Southeast Bistro is truly my comfort spot, one of my most reliable and constant friend in Philly. If you're looking for an affordable, good quality, flavorful and not too greasy dinner, this is the spot! 
Must-trys:
1) Crab fried rice: they place a whole fried soft shell crab on top of more crab with each bite in the rice!!! It's admittedly not that flavorful but I would say that's one of its best features, not too overpowering to leave you queasy with too much crab taste, but also subtle enough to really feel the crab flavor infused into each bite. It's also not typically oily like regular fried rice you'll find at other restaurants. 
2) Thai sweet chili wings: amazing. never fails me. crispy enough, flavorful enough.
3) bbq pork bahn mi: this is my friends' favorite, not necessarily mine from the menu but still really good and hefty portions.The pork is really juicy and the vegetables are all really fresh.
4) shrimp Cajun pasta: i love cajun anything, but this pasta is a buttery flavor blast of cajun, so good but also probably the least value item in the menu in terms of bang for your buck. 
Other people get their seafood boils. I've gotten them before, and I liked the cajun crawfish, but it's just not a lot of meat bc it's crawfish so some of my friends do not opt for the boils. 
Their thai iced tea is also bomb, really sweet but super creamy and good.
The service is always really good and there's hardly ever a wait even on weekend nights. Perfect place to take a group of friends who's visiting Philly!!Prefer delivery through Eat24 food got here late cold. The pork I order was burnt. Order the BBQ pork bahmi and lemongrass porkbelli sandwich. Both were COVERED in a chipotle mayo... disgusting I cannot stand mayo as it also make new sick. Ok fine called the restaurant explained the issue they they could remake the sandwiches and send them out to me, but it would take 40 minutes. (I live half a mile away) not only that the management was rude and shocked that I didn't want mayo on a Korean sandwich.... not only that it's not Korean beef it's beef with soy sauce, don't know how you can call that Korean. The only thing good were the wings. Will not be ordering from here ever againOmg ... the Southeast Asian salad with the salt and pepper shrimp has to be one of the best things I've EVER eaten. The salad is about $13 (with the shrimp) and it's worth every penny. Every time I get the salad I know darned well I should not try to eat the whole salad, it's pretty filling but I just can't stop myself ... it's so freaking good.Chicken pho - broth had a refreshing, clean taste.  The chicken was very tender.  It came with side of citrus sauce to put into the pho!
BBQ Pork Bahnmi - the pork was tasty and the portion size was what I expected. All the ingredients were fresh.  The bread/roll was soft.
Sweet potato fries ($4.50) - fries were warm and came with a side of spicy mayo.  
Would I go back?  I wouldn't mind.  Wouldn't go out my way to go there.
FYI....place is BYOI absolutely love the Curry Tofu Bahni Mi and Tofu Summer Rolls. I highly recommend trying these options!We got the roll sampler (it came with tofu summer roll, shrimp summer roll, 4pcs of spring rolls, and lobster summer roll), korean bbq ribeye bun, extra spicy seafood combo, and side of sweet potato fries. Other than their peanut sauce (it was a bit too sweet), they were all delicious!!! Their customer service was great and their recommendations were spot on. For anyone visiting Philly, you should definitely try this place out! They're sooo goood. *Drool*They deserve all the praises they get - fresh ingredients, reasonably priced, consistent execution, nicest staff, delivery always packed securely and thoughtfully, no leaks or damaged food en route, environmentally friendly paper packaging, I'm never disappointed. If you're hankering for Asian/Chinese/southeast Asian food on the west side of broad st (and I'm only saying this because realistically, food on the East side will be more authentic and country specific than this place) look no further, bistro southeast will exceed your expectations.In the Graduate Hospital area, I highly recommend Bistro Southeast for their Asian-inspired sandwiches at more-than affordable prices. You definitely get the sense that it's a family-owned business, with long ties to the Philadelphia food scene. In fact, owner Troy Eap's sister owns highly regarded Artisan Boulanger in South Philly. So when Troy invited me down to check out the distinct dinner menu, there was no hesitation on my part!  
Simply designed, there are plenty of tables at Bistro Southeast for diners to enjoy their amalgamation of Southeast Asian and Cajun flavors - Casian, if you will! 
Shrimp Summer Roll [$5.95]
The GF came along for the ride this time and she was so glad she did. We started off with the summer rolls, which featured crisp veggies, fragrant herbs, and snappy shrimp. They came with a duo of hoisin and mint cilantro sauces. Wonderful start to the meal. 
Thai Sweet Chili Wings [$6.95]
The Thai sweet chili wings are a must order in my mind and possibly better than the ones at Cheu Noodle Bar. Perfectly crisp, with some kick to the Thai chili sauce, the cilantro helped to cut through the sticky sweetness of each bite. 
Combo #2 - Shrimp Boil [$24.95]
1 lb. shrimp, 1 lb. clams, sausage, corn, potatoes
If you're stopping by for dinner, you obviously have to try one of their boils. Potatoes,  sausage, shrimp and/or clams are steamed together with butter, garlic, and Casian spices to maintain moistness and optimal seasoning. The potatoes still had bite and the sausage had wonderful snap to it. The clams were perfect little morsels of butter and brine, but the star of the boil was the head-on shrimp. The juicy bits of head fat were inundated with that buttery Casian flavor. A squirt of lime to provide some acid and countervailing balance? Heaven. Not exactly date food because you'll require multiple napkins and wetnaps, but what better way to test whether you're with the right person?
Fried Cheesecake [$6.95]
Asian restaurants aren't known for their desserts, but I appreciated that Bistro Southeast tries with their deep-fried cheesecake. Crisply fried and not overly doughy, the cheesecake still maintained its consistency within. Dragonfruit slices and rambutan provided some light and subtly sweetness as well. 
So if you're in the Graduate Hospital area or are craving Cajun flavors, be sure to check out Bistro Southeast! If you see Troy, don't hesitate to chat him up because he's a joy to speak with and will treat you like family.Pro-tip: If you check in on Facebook or Yelp, there's a 10% discount as well.Perfect Cajun flavors. Not overly flavored unlike other places. 6 shrimps in a big box of noodles. Cannot beat the pricing. We ordered wings and their fries as well. Out of this world, everyone enjoyed their orders.The entire lunch menu tempted me, that's a good sign. I started with one of the few non- Viet snacks, the Korean rib eye buns, 2 for $8.95. The mantou buns were packed with nicely marinated slices of meat. This would make a good appetizer to share or a smaller lunch for one.
Sticking with the flavorful meat theme, the blackened slices of lemongrass pork belly in the banh mi ($7.95) should not be missed.  For this sizable sandwich, they use the bacon like cut of pork belly rather than the thicker pieces that require a long braise. My one critique was of the bread, I like my banh mi bread softer and crispier.Always the best!  Fresh and super tasty food with fantastic friendly customer service.  Highly recommend the Bistro.
For meals, I've had the Pho MANY MANY TIMES (which is GREAT) and the Noodles which are a pleasant surprise of fresh greens, rice noodles, veggies and lemongrass pork.  
The apps - all version of wings and the steamed dumplings - are yummy!Very unassuming spot serving both bag-style seafood and some Vietnamese, and otherwise Asian-inspired entrees, Bistro Southeast was on the list to get some fresh shellfish without breaking the bank. Being my mom's birthday, and knowing her love of seafood, we wanted to take her somewhere that we could get some, while not completely alienating her Vietnamese-inclined palette. 
Having perused the menu before arriving, we ordered the thai chili wings, crab fried rice, sweet potato fries, and seafood combo #4, which at at $53 is very reasonable for 1lb. each of crawfish, shrimp, clams(or mussels), 2 lobsters, and 4 orders of corn, potatoes, and sausage. We threw in some extra pieces of corn, and an order of butter noodles, and called it a day.
Across the board, the food came out fresh and was great. Just starting with the sweet potato fries, which were a generous portion that were hot and appropriately crisp, with a very tasty chipotle mayo deeping sauce as an accompaniment. The thai chili wings were next, and the first thing we noted were how hefty these wings were. Despite being thoroughly sauced, they were still crispy all the way through, yet had enough meat that the jumbo wings were moist on the inside; there isn't really much more you can ask for from a good chicken wing, we could have ordered 2 more plates! And then came the crab fried rice. The whole soft shell crab was really the star of the show in that dish, but there was also a generous amount of crabmeat spread throughout the rice itself. The only downside was that it was a bit dry, but that's nothing any of the seafood boil sauce can't fix.
Speaking of the seafood boil, you can order multiple spice levels, but we started off mail. The Cajun spice mix features less liquid than other boils I've had in the past, and is more of a paste that seems to envelop all of the components of the dish. Truth be told, I would have liked a little bit more of a liquid component as it would have made adding flavor to the sides(butter noodles, rice, potatoes, corn, etc.). But the actual spice mixture was indeed quite good(it's our own fault we ordered mild, so I can't comment on the level of spiciness).
All in all, the bill ran $88 pre-tax and tip for 5ppl, which was not bad at all for the quality and quantity of food we got. Not only were we all stuffed, but we all agreed that every dish was something we would order again. The service was excellent, with the proprietor/cook/server giving us recommendations and accommodating for our party the entire way. Also it's BYOB, so bring some beers, crack into some crawfish, and enjoy your evening.I used to live right by this place and would get Togo alllllllll the time! My healthy-ish choice was the chicken noodle bowl-I usually had enough for lunch leftovers the next day. Also loved the Cajun pasta, and the curry meatball or chicken lemongrass sandwiches. They usually have a daily special, but you have to ask or see on the board.Been meaning to try this place since it is so close to where I live. And I can definitely see myself getting absolutely obsessed. Not only is the atmosphere cozy, but everything was so affordable. The sweet potato fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and the seasoning (Cajun?) really put the taste over the edge. I was already in heaven. Then when the sandwiches came out, I might have died even more. The bread was perfectly toasty and crunchy as would be expected. The presentation and quality of the fish po'boy and the lemongrass pork belly were so amazing. I will definitely be back for more!!Walked in here for Sunday lunch and loved it. It's a nice little hole in the wall place. It's not a very busy place and they seem to have loyal costumers that come in and talk. 
The waitress was so nice and sweet. Everyone was so nice and welcoming. 
I didn't see any alcohol on the menu but that's fine. We just had water. It's probably a byob. 
We started with the Thai sweet chili wings and boy was it fresh, hot, and delicious!
Then we ordered lobster fried rice. Oh. My. Gosh. There were huge chunks of lobster in the rice and placed on top of that mound was a lobster tail. They were very generous with the amount of lobster they gave. The lobster tail was a bit over cooked because it was difficult to remove from the shell but it was still delicious!
With that we had the seafood combo #1 with crawfish and mussels. Then we ordered a additional side of 1 lb of mussels with that. We had it with Cajun seasoning and upped the spice level from mild to spicy. It came in a bag with two pieces of corn, yummy sausage, and 2 potatoes half's. 
You need to go here and have the food. As you can see from the other reviews the seafood combos are the way to go 100%! I'm sure there are a lot of great things on the menu so you can't go wrong. I wish I weren't full so I would order dessert. I guess I have to go back then!First time visiting  and it wasn't bad. Ordered the lobster fried rice w/o egg and it was really good. You could taste the butter in the rice. The pieces of lobster were a bit small but enjoyable. You're given a lobster tail to go with your rice. It would probably be a good idea to add that lobster meat instead of using it as a garnish. But overall the meal was very good. Whenever I'm in town I'll won't think twice about visiting.I always ask for the same thing EVERY time I order and they can't get it right! The food is good but not worth the aggravation!