Went here tonight with the family. Atmosphere was great. Love the way the place is set up. I'm dissappointed with the quality of the food. Service was great. The staff is very inviting. 
We order the calamari. It was chewy and hard. The marinara sauce was good. We orders two chicken dishes. Chicken was a lil on the dried side and over cooked. Not tender and juicy at all. The lobster ravioli was watery inside. Which was tasteless. The last dish we order was the veal medallion like dish. It was just ok.This place blew me away, such a hidden gem!  Amazing food, wonderful service, and a very charming atmosphere.  I took my friend here for his birthday, I booked the table on OpenTable and mentioned it in a comment.  They not only took the time to read the comment but wished him a happy birthday when we sat down, such a nice personal touch!  Great wine list too!  I will definitely be back, again and again and again!!Boyfriend is an Italian food lover, so we had to choose an Italian restaurant for restaurant week. We ended up choosing Bistro Romano and man were we glad we did. 
First, the atmosphere. The actual dining room is below the entrance in a brick lined room that looks and has the feel of a wine cellar. It sets a very cozy and romantic atmosphere, perfect for a date night. 
The staff was magnificent. Service was perfect and our waitress was very friendly and helpful with her suggestions and recommendations. 
AND THE FOOD. Oh the food. My boyfriend's absolute favorite food is gnocchi, so of course we had to try the white truffle gnocchi. Between the creaminess of the sauce, the saltiness of the prosciutto, and the texture of the gnocchi, this was the most well-balanced dish I have ever tasted. Boyfriend and I both agreed that this was the best gnocchi we have ever had (and he gets gnocchi A LOT).
Everything else was also very tasty, just not as tasty as the gnocchi lol.This restaurant was gorgeous. We sat upstairs just before the piano began. We had smoked old fashions with our pasta. There are no substitutions to the menu but that was fine. The true highlight of the night was the roasted cauliflower and Brussels sprouts. If I lived closer to Philly I'd be here frequently.Came bc of a groupon deal and we enjoyed our experience. 
Service was good, and the place was cozy. It fits in the historical society hill atmosphere. Bread was fresh, but crackers were a little too salty. I ordered the seafood paste, mahi mahi, filet mignon, and salmon entrees. and it was a good pick. Food/sause was good in general, but I would expect more if I paid for regular price. It was an enjoyable dinner. 
street parking will be hard to find.Great ambiance and great food. Kicked off restaurant week here and was not disappointed! It seriously looks like something out of phantom of the opera. The beef croquettes were amazing for an appetizer. My veal was yum but the truffle gnocchi was OUT OF THIS world!! The semi freddo and tiramisu were great but we were too stuffed to enjoy it! Will definitely be back for the gnocchi!!Came here while visiting the city. Enjoyed it very much. I got the veal, which was delicious and the Caesar salad. It tasted just like my homemade Caesar salad which I guess I a good thing, but they prepare it table side which is a nice old fashioned gesture. The ambience is very romantic and the service was great. The music is very cliche- Sinatra, dean Martin etc but adds to the mood.What a great experience! Took our client here for dinner - the service was amazing and the food was fantastic. Recommend the spaghetti bolognese and the duck. The atmosphere is so warm and relaxing - highly recommend!I have been coming to this restaurant for years, so I figured it was high time to write a review.  I have never been dissatisfied with the service here.  The lobster special on Tuesdays has become one of my favorite special occasion bookings.  But as I'm sure other reviews can attest to, the atmosphere is unmatched.  Probably one of the most romantic restaurants in Philadelphia.  And I know it's popular, but it will always feel just a little secluded ... like its Philly's best kept secret.Came here for a second time and absolutely enjoyed myself. Food tasted amazing as well as the service! Could not say one bad thing this time around. The owner is very polite and accommodating as well. Would most definitely come again to enjoy a delicious dinner.We booked the private room located in the wine cellar. The place was gorgeous, the service was perfect. The servers were very friendly and helped me give a perfect surprise for my husband. We had a great time with some good wine and good food too. They had some vegetarian options as well which we enjoyed. Would definitely go back there again.I surprised my boyfriend with this restaurant on his birthday.
I had made reservations before hand on opentable.com, when we got there, there were several people waiting to be seated; since I made reservations we were promptly seated, I am guessing they had a table reserved for us. Our seat was right in front of the piano player and the bar.
The bar was absolutely beautiful, they had taken a huge carved marble block off a ship and centered it as their back drop at the bar, very breathtaking, the piano player and the candle lit dinner made our dinner oh so romantic.
We ordered their famous ceaser salad which they prepared right next to our table and our waiter told us everything he was putting into it, anchovies in a salad? who'd of thought, but it was marvelous. Our dinner was good and it was such a romantic place. I give it 5 stars. I would give it more if I could. 
Definitely a very romantic place with great food and ambience. I would come back again if I was feeling a need to be romantic.
Boyfriend absolutely loved his surprise.I've got to hand it to this place, it really was as good as it gets. Portion sizes were very generous. My girlfriend and I went here for an anniversary date. We ordered soup & salad then an entree. Couldn't finish the entree. Lots of food for a fair price. The minestrone soup was one of the best I've ever had. Can't go wrong with anything here. 
Now to the service. We had 4 different people check up on us. Two of which were managers. It felt great to be in a place where the service was very attentive all around. 
Lastly, the romantic atmosphere made this experience top-notch!Atmosphere is romantic and so chill, the piano player really set the mood. Dinner was very good. Our server Nolan was so knowledgeable and personable.  Definitely recommended for an intimate dinner....flynn at the bar was a dick..This place was everything I expected and more from reading previous reviews. Me and my boyfriend showed up a half hour late to our reservation thanks to some south street traffic and they still seated us as soon as we walked in the door. The rose petals and candles on the table were cute although I do have to admit seating was pretty tight. Don't know if that's an Italian thing or they just try and fill up space. Anyway, my server was so attentive he probably would've gave me a back massage if I asked him and the water boy was right on top of his game, I didn't go thirsty throughout the whole meal. Everyone was very polite and our food came out at a good speed. The caeser salad was made table side and pretty cool to watch, just not really the taste I was expecting. I got pancetta and mushroom ravioli and my boyfriend got veal parm which were both to die for and if that wasn't enough the tiramisu totally finished off the whole meal. All around a great restaurant and I would definitely go back. Especially because they gave me a 20 dollar coupon at the end.My friends and I attended the Murder Mystery dinner last week.  2 words:  TOURIST TRAP!!!
Go there if you have nowhere else to go (Impossible in Philly), and don't drink if you value your wallet.  
Food was awful.  Another reviewer hit the nail on the head--nothing came out as it was described on the menu.  My husband commented that everyone with chicken or salmon had some version of cacciatore! 
My friends ended up having a nice evening because we were able to laugh at the things that bothered us.  I would not recommend going there for the murder mystery--spend your money downstairs, where the food looked decent at least!If you are find of Italian Bistros such as Donte and Luigi's or The Saloon, you will enjoy this establishment just the same. 
The ambiance, service, and food was excellent. I look forward to my next visit.Amazing place. Stopped by here on my way from Tx to Boston. Arrived around 630 on a tuesday. Had no problems getting in. Although we did make a reservation. The service was amazing and the food superb! The lobster ravioli and creme brûlée was seriously good. They also have delicious bread and oil they bring out to ur table when you arrive. The area was very quaint and nice to walk around. Lots of little restaurants and shops. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone interested in a delicious meal. Price was pretty reasonable i think 15 for the lobster ravioli so not cheap but not ridicules either and the flavor and service was well worth it.Should of went to red lobster only thing good was the bread and oil all four courses were terribleThe muscles are delicious. The Sauce for them is so good. We sat in the wine cellar it was very nice and something nice to do for a birthday or anniversary .
We got there early so my boyfriend got a drink at the bar from Sean, he was so friendly and awesome .
Over all great experience !!There are few times in life that a restaurant makes you have to grab your phone to write a review. The lobster was succulent, the swordfish was delectable and their flourless chocolate torte with raspberry sauce was orgasmic. Manager George makes you feel like part of the family!!! You have to get over here as soon as possible!Wow, I don't even know where to begin.  It was a nice romantic setting.  Not only was the service wonderful, but the food was absolutely amazing.  I recommend the pescitore!  To die for.  Couldn't have asked for a better meal.Been here several times in the past and it has always been a positive experience. Service was attentive and friendly. Portions are above average and price is just right for what you are getting.Absolutely delicious. Very fine, homemade pastas and intricate sauces. Also an extensive wine list. And everything was afforadable. I hope to go again when next in town!After a busy couple months, it was finally ready for date night. I haven't been at bistro for sometime and choose to come here since i have nothing but good memories of this place. 
Well i was disappointed. Starting the night with a 8:15 reservation and wasn't sat till 8:50. Then i had an awful waiter who made me feel like i was a bother with everything that i ask. I would provide his name but we didn't even get that out of him. I looked forward to the end of the night. If it wasn't for the table side Caesar salad (served by another waiter), the night would have been a complete disappointment.Decided to try this place as a recommendation from a review I read. The service was good and the staff was very attentive to our needs. The Caesar salad was one of the best I have ever had. It was prepared table side which was a nice touch. Should have stopped there!  I had the lobster ravioli which was lobster stuffed in a shell with some sauce on top. There was no wow experience here. The 6 of us tried different meals but we all walked a way disappointed   Will have to try it another time as the staff is what would bring me back!!!Had a wonderful dinner last night at Bistro Romano.  It was Monday, so that ment "Pasta Night".. $12.95 for a house salad, and any one of their pasta dishes.  I assumed that because it was such a great deal, they may make the portion sizes smaller for the pasta.  Not so.  The portions were huge, and the food was delicious.  On top of it all the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was very romantic.What a fun night!  On Saturday, Oct. 25, my husband and I took two marketing professionals with whom we work to an evening of food, fun and frolic at the murder mystery at Bistro Romano.  Although we have dined at Bistro on several occasions, we were a bit concerned if the quality of the food at the murder mystery would be more like ordinary banquet food.  To our delight that was not the case.  The food was the usual high standards I have come to expect from Bistro.
The show was fun, outrageous and zany. The actors did a great job in giving attention in a reasonable way to the guests when they were not engaged in a scene.  The service was just right.  I never felt intruded upon or had to endure too long a wait.  Given that it was four courses, a break in between the courses was a good thing to prepare you for the next course.
Our guests had a great time.  We'd do it again and recommend it!Everything was amazing! Brought my bf here for his birthday. The Caesar salad was delicious (tossed table side if you order for two). I had diver scallops over shrimp risotto which was great. My bf had the seafood camaratta. Mushroom toast with oyster and shiitake mushrooms was one of their special appetizers that evening, I believe. I love mushrooms so no complains here. We didn't leave enough room for dessert but they sounded delicious on the menu. We had a reservation but there was a small wait because all the tables were booked. It wasn't long at all. If it would've been longer, the food would make up for it. Would definitely recommend this place and come again. Also a romantic, intimate setting downstairs. Great for dates.Bistro Romano is a must stop for my husband and I every time we go to Philadelphia. Though the food is good,our favorite thing is to order a bottle of wine in the bar area when the piano player is playing. We were there a couple of Fridays ago for such a reason, and we had forgotten how extensive the wine list is. We have a favorite winery in California called Clos Pegase, not a widely promoted winery. We were so excited to see that amonst the hundreds of wines they cellar, they had a Clos Pegase Merlot under $40. We enjoyed our wine,each other's company, cheese and crackers and meatballs from the appetizer buffet in the bar area, but not necessarily in that order. With the right company (that's my hubby!), time at Bistro Romano will transport you to a different time and place without breaking the bank.Wife and I have eaten here on two different occasions. I ate here once with a friend and enjoyed the mystery theatre show. 
Food is great!  Service wonderful.  Romantic. Building has a historical feel which I loved. 
Caesar salad prepared fresh right in front of your table.We went here to Bistro Romano last night  to celebrate our first anniversary.  Loved the ambience of the private wine cellar room.  Very romantic and cozy for two.  
A couple of disappointments;  we couldn't have the table side caesar salad. I guess the private room was too small to bring in the table that would hold all the things needed to prepare it that way.  But our waitress had them make it in the back, and it was the most delicious caesar salad I've ever had.  Ever.
Also, something went wrong with the booking of the room and  we were not too happy.  Well, we left there happy.  The manager came over and everything was done to remedy the situation and make our dining experience relaxing, pleasant and romantic.
Our server was attentive without being intrusive.  She was very friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Also, the person who kept our water glasses filled and cleared away dishes was right on point.
I had the swordfish special, and I thought it was amazing, just really delicious.  My husband had veal parmesan.  It was a big portion! He thought his was very good as well.  I did not taste the chocolate torte dessert he ordered, but he said it was rich and full of all the flavor you want from a dessert like that..
At the end, some random young man on staff even took a picture for us to commemorate our anniversary dinner.
So yes, we'd recommend this to friends and family without hesitation.  You go to a restaurant for great food, but we also relieved excellent service from every member of their team.Bistro Romano has amazing decor!  Once you walk in, you feel like you've been instantly transported to a beautiful, romantic, cozy brick wine cellar. 
We started off with the calamari and the clams/mussels appetizer.  The calamari was perfect - crispy and not greasy at all.  I only wish they gave us more.  The clams/mussels were decent but I wouldn't order them again.
For the entree, I had the rigatoni bistro which was delicious!!  Huge portion & creamy, cheesy goodness w/ my faves mushrooms & broccoli.  My bf had the duck which he devoured quickly.  
Unfortunately we were too full for dessert =(  Instead of a dessert menu, the waiter comes by with a tray of the night's desserts -  all looked delicious!We went for dinner on a Saturday night. We have been here before and it is our go to place. The food and service are exceptional! They're very attentive to your needs . We discovered that you can get half order of pasta dishes so you can try different dishes. Anthony the manager is awesome! He is very knowledgeable about his wines and very passionate about his menu and foods. The menu has something for all tastes. We totally enjoy it here and will be back for more. This place is a hidden gem and a must try experience.  Great ambience and very romantic.Both the food and service were exceptional. A top notch Italian dinner. The cauliflower soup was the best soup we have ever tasted, and the other dishes were all delightful.My Fiancee's Parents got everyone tickets to the Murder Mystery on the second floor and it was a great time! The only problem we encountered was that there wasn't a lot of room on the end close to the window. That is the only negative I have... When getting these tickets remember they include the food and it is a smaller menu with smaller portions. Also the waiters are the actors and are playing a character who may come across as crass. I'll review the food and then the Murder Mystery. 
The appetizer was really good. We started with a piece of a toasted roll the kind you would use for Bruschetta with mozzarella and what tasted like pickled onions, Italian seasonings. Next was the salad. It was a Cesar Salad that had enough dressing for my liking and was very tasty. After the salad we had Cream of Potato Soup. It did not have chunks of potato in it but I felt had good taste. 
Now for the entree'. We had three choices between Salmon, Chicken, or Pasta. I ordered the Chicken with Risotto and I thought it was very good. The chicken had a lightly pesto dressing on it and was served with risotto. The risotto was a little more aldente than I like but still had great flavor. I had a taste of the pasta and it also had great flavor and was extremely creamy. If you have a bad reaction to cream sauces I would do more research by there were no issues for our party. The salmon looked very good but I did not get to try it which goes to show you how good it was.
I almost forgot dessert! For us it was a chocolate torte that was extremely dense. More like a brownie. The coffee was average restaurant coffee.
The Murder Mystery was a lot of fun and was probably more suited for a maturer audience. The actors did a fantastic job and even when they had mishaps they recovered excellently. The way it was formatted was that they started with the appetizers and had the intro after that. Then came the soup and after about 10 minutes they had the second part. Dinner was next and then there was the third part. At this time the majority of the show is done and they ask you to settle your bills before they move on. They let you know how much is preferred also for gratuity and explain why they do that due to the actors being actors. Also the price of the show is explained on the website with only 5 dollars per seat going to the show. So your Gratuity goes towards the actors\waitstaff directly.
They then announce the killer and also it seems they have a little contest. If you guess the correct killer they give a gift certificate to the restaurant. 
We all had a great time and I don't think anyone had an issue as you could see a smile on everyone's face. I definitely recommend you try it out!It saddens me to give this restaurant 2 stars. This was one of our favorite restaurant to go to. I have celiac disease and this restaurant was always over the top accommodating which is why we kept going back. Last night I found out they no longer offer gluten free pasta and the waiter told me the chef would not do any special orders to accommodate. The majority of restaurants are moving forward to help their diners with dietary restrictions while this place seems to be the complete opposite.Great pastas, service is very attentive. We arrived late (10pm) on Saturday night and staff were accommodating and friendlyHorrible. How else can I say it............yeah, horrible. I had the "pleasure" of watching the murder mystery. Most of the hipsters I know are unemployed. The ones that were "acting" in this play, SHOULD have been unemployed. The only way I can really sum up the food is that its something that literally any ones mom could make in their home kitchen. Very bland and tasteless. Not really sure how this place has survived as long as it has but I can tell you with the restaurant "boom" in Philly, if this place doesnt get its act together then they ALL might be unemployed.Wow. Unbelievable experience. From the cozy, classy interior to the spectacular succulent food to the friendliest and most attentive wait staff/managerial staff ever, I found it to be a wonderful spot for my date/dinner. I'd recommend this for dates, special occasions or anytime you want an upscale (don't worry, you don't have to dress fancy) culinary experience.What a restaurant! Bistro Romano is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It's rare you find restaurants as intimate as this with reasonable pricing. Even with a packed room there's something about this place that is just relaxing. You can enjoy a meal and not worry about screaming over the table to friends. They have a simple menu, attentive service and great food. A great spot for dates as well as dinner with friends. 
One thing we thought was cool was the tableside caesar salad. Definitely worth itThe building was nice and historic,  it small and crowded.  We had an 8:30 reservation and waited until 9 t be seated.  The service was horrible,  waited for drinks too long she never brought out my salad and I asked twice.  The glasses on the table were full of towel lint and needed to be clean but most importantly I based the recommendation on their web site and photos of the food from the web site and it is NOTHING like the photos.  The smores  Browne is a JOKE,  on the site it looks amazing but when you get the $9 dish it's horrible.  We sat in the basement and every time the staff upstairs moved a table or chair or someone got up, dirt and dust would fall on to out table and food from above.This place was A M A Z I N G. The food was delish and the atmosphere incredible. A little gem in the city we will definitely frequent.I booked the murder mystery dinner theatre to surprise my boyfriend for his birthday. There were 2 other couples at our table and both of the girls did the same, so obviously it's a good idea, ha! When we first got their at 7pm we sat in the piano bar, and had a glass of wine. They had cheese and crackers, mini meatballs and fried shrimp. We were called upstairs around 7:45, shown our seats, and given our Caesar salad. One of the actors sat down and took our entree choices, staying in character the whole time. We had the salad, soup, entree, and dessert, with a part of the show in between each course. After every part of the show, the actors took drink orders and made sure every guest was doing okay. We probably had an extra special time, since we were sat with awesome people, and I was actually picked to be a guest actor in the first part of the show! It would've been amazing regardless and I would, and will recommend this to everyone I know. I researched a lot before I booked this and the reviews really helped me choose, so I hope this will convince someone that they need to do this. I am beyond pleased!Went here on valentines day and food was awful. All four courses were horrible. Figs: disgusting. Lobster bisque: watery. Salmon: super salty. Steak: burnt, smelled like garbage. Gnocci: mediocre. Dessert: tasted freezer burnt. Paid 75$ a person and was completely unsatisfied. Will never be going here again!Consistently pleasing. Solid (if not creative) cooking,  friendly staff, and handsome decor are all even better deal on Monday nights ($13 pasta dinners)  or Tuesday nights ($15 lobster dinner).Compliments to the chef, ohhhhhhh ducklings! Magnificent 5 stars. $$$$$. Lots a money, but worth it. Losbsta ravioli is a goood and duck is good tooIf you're looking for better than decent Italian food but a very nice romantic place Bistro Romano is the clear winner.  I would classify the food as a little better than average but the atmosphere makes up for it.  It's the perfect place for a date.  I have not been there in a few months but I had to write a review because it's always a positive experience every time I go.Food was phenomenal as usual. Chef was accommodating in grilling vs frying the calamari. The Caesar salad still hands down best in the city. Pork loin presentation was impressive and the provolone bread putting left me wanting more. Very nice play on a deconstructed roast pork sandwich!Awful.  The food ranged from bad to sub-standard.  The wait staff and kitchen staff maintained a constant, extremely loud stream of inanities (and we weren't anywhere near the kitchen, though many tables were positioned in that vicinity).  Our wait-person spoke extremely loudly to each table and was so disconnected from the concept of service that she returned five separate times at the end of our meal to utter very loudly "Thank you for choosing us tonight.  Please come and see us again."  Even with the "pasta night" discount, we spent far more than anything served was worth (even the artichoke appetizer, which was the one fairly well-prepared dish, was absurdly over-priced).  Perhaps the restaurant's business is suffering because of all this low-quality; I have never been treated so pushily by any wait staff.  When we said we couldn't eat any more and would like the check (really we were disgusted and wanted to get out of there ASAP), the waitress actually asked, "Are you sure you don't want a chocolate torte to take home?"  Five must be the magic number, because we counted five utensil drops, only one of which was by a customer (probably a function of the small table).  Combine all of the above with the dank, isolated-feeling interior and the cramped booths on the eastern side of the restaurant, in which they placed all two-person parties despite the slow traffic and ample availability of more spacious booths along the western edge, and finally with the fact that no one offered to take our bulky winter coats before leading us downstairs to such a tiny table) and you have one star.  Yuck!I'll say first that I loved the look of this place. Sitting down in what felt like a cozy wine cellar I was exited. I had gotten an email inviting me and a guest to eat there for 33 bucks 3 courses. Thought it was too good to be true. I was right. Our waiter took our order and we both ordered salads of sorts. They took over 20 minutes to get out. It was Sunday, not busy the least. Plus our waiter who obviously knew ppl at the table right by us was not attentive at all throughout the night. Our entrees were ehh. Nothing special. Dessert which I look forward to being a pastry chef myself was as well just okay. Now being told that "you and a guest" I was under the impression that the price of 33 dollars would be it. Nope it was per person. At this point I no longer wanted the 20 dollar gift certificate, which I wasn't even offered, BC I wouldn't be returning. Don't know how this place has such a high rating when they can't even do quality service on a slow Sunday.The food was AMAZING! The calamari melted in your mouth and the buratta toast was so tasty. My boyfriend had the filet which was cooked to perfection and I had the gnocchi. We also had tiramisu for desert. By "we" I mean "I". It was a little crazy because it's Valentine's Weekend, but we were in no rush to get out so we didn't mind. The atmosphere was very cool and they worked with our last minute reservation seating request. HIGHLY recommend this place.I never leave reviews but I just had one of the best dinner experiences at Bistro Romano! Our waiter was awesome! We ordered the table side caesar salad which was the best I've ever had. My husband even loved his and he's not even a fan of Caesar dressing. 
Dinner was great as well. Our waiter felt that dinner had taken longer than necessary to be made so he offered us complimentary after dinner drinks with our desert. 
We got our check by realized we hadn't been charged for a bottle of wine we ordered. After bringing it to our waiters attention he offered to give it to us for free but we refused. He gave us a new check along with a $20 gift card to use at our next visit for our honesty. 
Great food, atmosphere and customer service! I would have given them 10 stars if I could! I highly recommend enjoying a meal at Bistro Romano!The best seating here is downstairs.  We had a good table.  Vienna, our waitress, was a sweetie!  We had several mishaps. One drink was not available and the substitute ordered took 15 minutes. Our waitress checked at bar and apologized.  We also had to wait to order. The manager gave us a round of drinks for being patient.She also had a salad split for us to share.  We didn't get any bread til we asked.  One meal was supposed to be mild but came spicy. Again waitress was very nice about it.  I was going to just eat it but the kitchen manager insisted on getting the mild one.  Our waitress comped the salads.  The food was excellent with fairly large portions.  Three of us had pasta with seafood.  Seafood was cooked perfectly. One had the veal osso bucca which was also very good. This experience could've been much worse. The staff really went out of their way to make up for the problems.  We will definitely go back because of that.Intimate and accommodating.
Came here on a Saturday evening and had a great time. There is a fantastic wine list and service is excellent.
I would recommend the Caesar salad that is made in front of you and was delicious. I also had the duck legs with gravy and mash which hit the spot.Went Valentine's weekend and had a great time.  Show was funny and food was good.  I would highly recommend this for a fun night out.Had a fantastic dinner here on Saturday. I enjoyed a delicious salad and veal dish. Prices were high but I thought the quality matched them.What a wonderful and romantic place. We went here on a whim on a Saturday night and immediately were seated, due to a rare opening/cancellation. 
We ordered the tableside caesar salad, which was phenomenal. It's always fun to get food prepared tableside and this was no exception.
Our server was prompt and was wonderful about not annoying us all the time to ask how everything was going. I always appreciate that when I'm on a date. Dishes were cleared in a timely manner, waters refilled, drinks refreshed. 
I ordered the rigatoni. It came in a four cheese sauce that was deliciously accompanied by mushrooms and broccoli. My BF had the special of the night - gnocci in a gorgonzola sauce with prosciutto. He thought it was a fantastic flavor combination. 
I would have liked to order dessert but I was just too full. I would definitely go back here.I love Bistro Romano - maybe the food isnt super super amazing BUT it's so romantic! Maybe I'll have to check out the murder mystery dinner show one day.
Oh and I like the whole table side caesar salad thing - you know exactly what is going into it.Excellent food with excellent service.  From the hostess, bartender, waitstaff, superior service.  Something we don't see enough of.  Husband & I had pasta dishes, exceptional!  Great cocktails, romantic ambience.  Highly recommend!!We came for Valentine's day and it absolutely lived up to the most romantic restaurant in Philadelphia. The food was unbelievable served at the perfect pace, complimented by the perfect service (we had Ally). We inquired about our meal the next time we came before even finishing all of our courses on our first visit. We absolutely loved everything about this place.Loved the atmosphere. Food was amazing. Service was amazing.  If we ever get back to Philly again, we will definitely be going back there. Had the wine cellar room on our anniversary and it was just what we were looking for. The manager even went out of his way to get us a cab at the end of the night. Loved it.We were seated in the basement and it was quite dark but romantic,  but our party was a girls night out.   (had to use my flashlight to read menu)  The entree I ordered lacked flavor,  and I was disappointed - Calamarata - 
jumbo shrimp, mussels, calamari, clams, scallops, saffron tomato stew. I did not even want to sop up the juice with my bread.  Call me a down to earth person,  but I prefer butter with my rolls but instead  they were severed with some kind of pine-nut sauce which I did not care for.   
   The staff and manager however were awesome!  Friendly and attentive.  That alone would make me what t come back for perhaps a second go of this place.Gracious hosts.  Super friendly staff.  We stopped by on a whim with a friend and had a glass of wine at the bar.  We decided to stay for dinner and I'm glad we did.  We shared the Buratta Toast and the Calamari, both were superb.  I wasn't crazy about the bread that was brought to the table, it was more of a whole grain bread instead of a baguette, but not a big deal.  We shared the table side Caesar salad, as our server made the salad he told us a funny story.  Good dinner theater, we laughed.  I had a braised Lamb Shank finished with Au Jus for dinner.  I didn't need a knife, so tender.  Absolutely wonderful.  My wife had the Veal Saltimbocca and our guest had a fish special.  All entrees were excellent.  We opted to share two desserts, and our server graced us with a complimentary round of limoncello.  I forgot to mention that we ordered a nice bottle of wine that our server had suggested.  We had a great experience and look forward to going back again soon!EXCELLENT experience from the food to the service. Nolan was extremely helpful, friendly & professional. The homemade pasta was fantastic! Portions were enormous. Wine list extensive, but Anthony was more than helpful. Absolutely will return. Highly recommend!My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and I absolutely loved it. We were late for our reservation and had to wait a little while at the bar for the next available table but while waiting in the bar area there was a gentleman playing the piano. The atmosphere is very romantic with the lighting and the dramatic curtains in the bar area. When we were sat downstairs it was such a lovely surprise. You did not feel like you were in the basement of a building in the city. It was so romantic and pretty. We loved the bread and oil, and also the caesar salad that they prepared right at our table.I have always wanted to experience a Murder Mystery Dinner, so I got tickets for a friday night show. The food was ok - salad was an average caesar  salad, soup wasn't anything special but it was good. My boyfriend and I both chose the salmon as our entree. It was well cooked, well seasoned, but still average. The cheese cake was not good and probably store bought. 
I would have accepted average food had the show been average as well.  
The show was horrible; the acting, story, and organization was extremely poor. I have seen better high school productions. While two or three actors were ok, the rest were embarrassingly bad. No one could remember their lines and often stumbled or ad-libbed which increased the awkwardness of the entire show. However, it was the over acting and attempts at comedy that threw the show entirely off. After two scenes, I was wishing they would stop completely and let us eat in peace.
Drinks are not included in your $43 tickets, they also ask for a tip. Two tickets came to about $90, drinks came to about $20. If you include the $10 tip they ask for, this $120 date night would have been better spent elsewhere.
I love theatre and was hoping for a entertaining show with good food and a talented cast. It was very disappointing.This place is a real gem in the city. My wife and I had dinner in the wine cellar and it was amazing all the way around. The ambiance is second to none, eating in a private room by candlelight, with rose pedals covering the table was amazing. The food was also excellent. You will not be disappointed with Bistro Romano! Bravo to the staff!!The location and atmosphere are great but once you get seated, things start to fall apart. We weren't seen by our waitress for almost 10 minutes after we sat down. I had to return one of my cocktails after finding a dead fruit fly in it. The calamari was way over cooked, extra chewy, and just overall gross. My date's Mezza Luna platter was also overcooked and the pasta was burnt onto the plate. I will say that the fritter appetizer and lobster ravioli were good, nothing special but good, and our waitress was very friendly and polite, but for a $120+ dinner for two (inc. 4 drinks), I expect a lot more than that.In all of the restaurants I've gone for special occasions, this place the crème de la crème. My girlfriend was definitely impressed. Without a doubt a great place for anyone wanting to take their loved ones for a romantic evening. The decor is simply amazing and with such a great history. Not only did the owner stop by to congratulate us on our anniversary, he treated us a free after dinner drink. The highlight was the caesar salad made at the table which was delicious and the food was outstanding. Will go back soon. Oh ! and don't forget to reserve the private wine cellar table in advance.Nice little Italian restaurant that has a cozy feel and great for date night.  Food was delicious and service was amazing!  Buffalo mozzarella was amazing and I would order that again and again!  Goat cheese tortellini was a little too al dente for me but my boyfriend loved it.  Only con for me is it seemed as if the glasses were a little dusty that they were pouring your water in, probably because they are left sitting face up on the table until they're used.
All in all, I'd come back.We had dinner here for Valentine's Day yesterday and ordered from the Valentine's Day menu. I have a feeling we need to come here again for the regular menu because we definitely did not enjoy the food yesterday. Given the positive reviews here on Yelp, I'm hoping the underwhelming experience was specific to the place being packed on Valentine's Day weekend. Paid 75dollars per person for food that was not filling - lobster ravioli that was just ok, and filet mignon that was def overcooked. The ambience was very romantic and service was excellent though. Not recommend for Valentine's Day, at least based on our experience.Great, upscale Italian cuisine. Specials are always very enticing. Caesar salad made tables use to the customer's specifications, which is a nice touch. Cocktails and wine are on the pricey side. Bartender does not know how to make a proper Old Fashioned.Told everyone of my co-workers not to come here cause of my experience. Also they contact the wrong person about this review. Smhthe bar upstairs looks really cool- it has part of a wooden ship's sticking out on top of the bar- cool points for that in my book. BR is a cozy little eyetalian joint that me and the misses like. She likes the food a lot but I think the food is just a bit better than you average eyetalian food (unless you consider olive garden good eyetalian food in that case you would think Marco Battlaglia cooked here)-nothing overwhelming though, but I like the setting and the Caesar salad with anchovies and shrimp a lot- like stalker looking thru your bedroom window as you sleep a lot. I would stick to the pasta dishes- personal favorite lobster ravoli, some of the proteins have been overcooked a bit for my likening. Monday -Wed they have some pretty good deals on dinner (cheap pasta, lobster etc) in case you are tightening the wallet strings in our current fantastic economic situation - if any more of these bailout company exec get bonuses I'm moving to Greece.Excellent food and service, if you are going all out for a date I recommend the wine cellarGreat atmosphere. Incredibly attentive manager and staff. Food just ok. 
If we return it would be for a second try just because of the atmosphere and staff. Our server and the manager of the restaurant are incredible. Very accommodating and friendly. They made the night for us. 
The pine nut dip serve with the bread at the beginning of the meal is phenomenal. After that, everything else was just "ok". I got the Calamarata. The sauce was good but I had very little seafood in my dish. Extremely few tiny scallops, no clams at all (I searched my dish) 2 shrimp and 4 mussels. I don't recall the name of my husbands dish but it arrived cold and we had to send it back.We went here based on a recommendation for our hotel concierge; and I must say it was a great pick.  From the moment we walked in I felt like I was back in Italy, as the location is an old historic building that was a former granary.  Really neat atmosphere with lots of brick, stone and candles.  My wife described it as very romantic.  The food also did not disappoint, the caesar salad is prepared right in front of you and it was out of this world.  The entrees, we both had pastas, mine was a mushroom ravioli which had a nice combination of flavors with just the right amount of sage - delicious.  My wife had a veal osso bucco ravioli in a port wine sauce, again a great combination of flavors that were very delicate and sensational.  For dessert we had an excellent tira misu.   I look forward to returning on my next visit, as the place was over the top.This review is only for the mystery dinner. Let me just say the show and actors were amazing. I even had a few lines in it... I thought the audience participation was great. I was disappointed with the food. It was a fixed meal. Everyone gets salad, soup, choice of chicken/fish/pasta and dessert. The salad was just ok... Minestrone soup was tasty and they gave us fresh bread. The salmon was dry and had no flavor at all, plus they served it with plain blah white rice. Wasn't worth the calories so I saved it for my cheesecake. My boyfriend got a pasta dish with mushrooms and peppers, I wasn't impressed at all. The menu said cheesecake and I was so ready for it... I saw they started bringing out mini cannolis and tiramisu cakes. I was bummed but still happy to get dessert but by the time it got to us they were only giving out cannolis. Ugghh!!! I was really bummed! I not going to cross this off yet... I have to go back and just have dinner maybe it will be better.So I'll start off by saying of course I get restaurants are crazy on New Year's Eve! We had been to Bistro Romano before but over 3 years ago and had a nice meal but things have changed big time obviously. After waiting 30 minutes past our reservation we were seated a small table set up in the main walkway. I knew it was going to be bad from there. I asked the girl who sat us if tables were normally there and she laughed at me and said "only on nights like New Year's Eve" dropped our menus and turned around. Let me say the amount of servers walking by with silverware pointed out becomes terrifying when it's whizzing past your head! I also was elbowed twice in my back because again I was in the main walkway. 
We started off with a refrigerated scallop that was dry and flavorless. "Um I think it's chilled" when we asked our waitress. The salad course was just regular bag salad with croutons nothing special. I will say the spaghetti Nero (squid ink pasta with scallops and octopus) was really good and I would've been happy with that for my main. They were out of chicken for the main so I got the ravioli which consisted on just one big one with a half dollar size lump of ricotta. The rest of it was hard and dry. I had to laugh at it because I was still hungry and really trying not to be angry. The dessert was day old munchkins with some whipped cream. 
I still can't believe we paid $88 a person for the worst meal we've ever had. The table across from us was fighting about their bill for poor service and bad food too. I know servers have nothing to do with cooking the food and this was obviously management trying to pack people in and give them subpar food without a second thought. I'll never go back to Bistro Romano and I suggest you skip it too! There's so many better places for legit Italian food in the city.Editing my review because the owner reached out to say how sorry they were an offer to make things right with a gift card and contact information for when I next come to the restaurant, so that she can make sure I have a good experience and meal. Thanks. The owner was genuine and went above and beyond, and assured me that they will work with their staff to accommodate requests (such as no cheese) effectively.Food was good, service average. We saw a rat under the table next to us and were promptly told out check "was taken care of". Management probably wanted to avoid the other 30 or so people in the restaurant from finding out what had just happened. Would not go there again.I took my daughter here for her birthday there were four of us and the place is very nice we found it a bit annoying that the staff kept asking us if we were ok a little to much and I have never seen more water refills then here lol . This might sound pickey but when you are trying to have a conversation it is annoying . The food was good but I have to say this place is overpriced . There was four of us and the bill came to over $200.00 and we just felt that although the food was  good it was not worth $200.00. We have been at other resturants the food was better and it is less then $130.00. So is it nice there YES is the food good YES I just feel that it is overpriced .Bistro Romano was overall an average Italian restaurant. I wasn't very impressed by the Caesar salad or my veal saltimbocca.  The salad didn't seem very fresh and the veal didn't have much flavor. The prices were definitely on the high side - and the food was not worth those prices. All in all, not bad, but I'm not planning on coming back.Great experience all around. I made reservations for a Mother's Day dinner. The interior is rustic and inviting. We waited at the bar just a few minutes for our table to be ready. Once seated in the downstairs space, we ordered the burrata, which was a special on the Mother's Day menu. For the main course, we each ordered a different pasta dish. We raved about all of them -- the pasta was cooked perfectly, and the sauces were delicious. I ordered the Gnocchi Ella, which was served with a duck ragu. The restaurant was also flexible with my mom's dish, easily swapping a red sauce on the menu for her seafood dish with a white wine sauce. At the end of the meal, the waitress presented my mom with a $20 gift card for a future visit -- a great and thoughtful touch. We all raved about the experience and look forward to returning.Looking to find a intimate spot for a special dinner, I found Bistro Romano compliments of Open Table.  When we walked in and were quickly seated downstairs, I realized Open Table knew what it was talking about.  The lighting really set the mood, while the seating arrangement ensured privacy.  One minor point is that the lighting is all electric instead of candle lit, however, it didn't take anything away from environment.
We started with a pair of apps: the Suppli al Telefono and Artichoke Hearts Capri.  The Suppli was lightly breaded and cooked to a crispy perfection while the Hearts were covered with a nice creamy cheese.  Portions on the Hearts were good, but the Suppli seemed a bit small.  Regardless, they were both delicious.
Next up, our mains.  The evening special was a perch with grape tomatoes and capers.  I've never had perch so had been a little concerned, but it turned out to be my favorite of the night.  JJ had the lobster ravoli (8 pcs), which was covered in another smooth cream sauce.  The portions on both entrees were more than fair and we ended up boxing up a bit of both for later enjoyment.
Finally, you can't come to an Italian place with trying the tiramisu.  Again, the portion was very fair and the favors top quality.  It tasted extremely light, making it a perfect way to end the evening.
The only other thing worth mentioning is they do some type of parking validation.  Wish I knew ahead of time, as I ended up parking on the street blocks away.  No biggie, now I know for next time, and based on my experience, there will be a next time!I came here for bookclub with 5 of my friends for dinner on a Tuesday night. I had only visited this restaurant 1 time previously, but it was during a murder mystery dinner, so the menu (and entertainment) was understandably different. The restaurant is larger than I remembered with a large bar area on the first floor and plenty of seating on the second floor in a cozy dining room surrounded with stone pillars. Our waiter was very nice and very goofy, so we were all entertained by him when he stopped by the table every so often. In terms of drinks, they had a decent selection of wines, but my friend, after a recommendation by the bartender ordered a cocktail that i can only describe as grey in color and consisting of every type of alcohol behind the bar. You could have breathed fire after taking a sip of that drink. So if you're debating, go with a nice Italian red or white. I ordered the gnocchi, which was delicious and a huge serving, so ended up getting half boxed to go home. Unfortunately, I was given the wrong leftovers and ended up with someone else's, which was a bummer since P. was looking forward to having them when I got home. Bistro Romano is not going win any awards for their ambience or cocktails, but their quirky waiter and large portion sizes remind me of the places I go to with my family when I'm back home, homey and comforting. I would come back another time for a large bowl of carbs when I'm craving some pasta.All of the dishes we had were fantastic. The cocktails, wine, and atmosphere were superb. We got a wine flight and did a blind taste test.This is a great place top go for a special occasion.  I was there with my husband for our anniversary.  The tableside Cesar salad was amazing if a little too garlicky.   Our entrees were delicious and the service is attentive.   The only thing keeping this restaurant from 5 stars in my opinion is the bar.  Please teach bartenders that a dry martini should not be shaken to within an inch of its death!  My husband's Grey Goose martini was so watered down it took away from the flavor of the vodka.Went on June 28th. Second time for us, and it was fabulous start to finish. The other reviewers are correct on the Caesar salad recommendations. Terrific. Great drinks too. And the ambience downstairs is amazing as others have said. I've never been in a room quite like that one. It really adds to the whole experience. Entrees were prepared very well and the server (Todd) was a real pro. Attentive without being overbearing. All in all, it was a terrific experience, and we will be back. Tip: park off Front at Lombard and find a metered spot. A short walk up Lombard to B.R. on the left.Ambiance. Location. Great food. Live jazz. Need I go on?
Bistro Romano offers incredible Italian food that is more than just the standard pasta fare. Cooked to order and flavorsome, the menu is complete with can't-lose selections including a made-at-your table Caesar salad, the likes of which you will not find elsewhere.
To go with the food, is the ambiance of the restaurant itself. The re-furbished but authentic dining area is historic and cozy, the bar on the main floor is a thing of beauty.
To complete the package is great, personal service that is neither pushy nor over-bearing. 
Go, go, go! And enjoy.Great food, and great environment. But...I had a shower there!!! Somebody knocked a glass of water and the water went through the wood... In spite of that, everything is great!My wife and I went last night for our 10th wedding anniversary. Our service was excellent but not sure I agree on the romantic aspect of the private wine cellar. Between the old space heater in the room, dusty old empty wine bottles, and the interruption of the staff to unlock the closet in the room to get a wine (not for us!!!); my wife and I did not get the romantic vibe from the room. Not sure it is worth the additional cost of renting the wine cellar.
We arrived early and had a few drinks at the bar. The service and the atmosphere at the bar was excellent.
Our waitress and the other servers were very good. They were attentive to us.
Our meals were good but sadly the atmosphere is what will be remembered.I like the wine cellar steps. I got the linquie with the scallops but I don't like linguine so I won't get it again. The scallops appetizers was good though. The Bellini champagne was good. The service was niceBistro Romano has been around for quite awhile.  We just rediscovered it, and have been there half a dozen times over the last 8 months.  As noted by another reviewer, the atmosphere is great - romantic and quiet.  The bar on the first floor is inviting.  The food, with a decidedly north Italian slant, is consistently good.  I particularly like the pasta and fresh clams in a white sauce.  To my thinking the execution of this dish is a good test of any Italian kitchen.  My only complaint (and only on one of my visits) was that the pasta was a little too soft.  I wanted particularly to draw attention to their Monday night special: any pasta dish (huge servings) and a salad for $11.95.  Take advantage of it sometime!Great food great atmosphere and a really cool looking bar. I would def go back. I got linguine and mixed seafood in a red sauce and I was not disappointed. We sat in the basement that had stone walls, brick floors and fake plants which create a rustic type of atmosphere.Our waiter was a bit sorely, but GM Anthony came through and made our special evening right..Thanks Anthony..You the Man!The ambiance was exquisite.  The food and drinks were satisfactory, or would have been at two thirds the price we paid.  There are so many places within a quarter of a mile from Bistro Romano where you can spend this much money on far better food.  I don't think I'll go back, but I suppose I don't regret having tried it.Bistro Romano has been our go to place for special dinners for about 12 years.  Last night stands out as the best one yet!  We ate in the cellar room, by candle light.  From start to finish the meal was amazing.  Caesar salad is a must have and prepared to perfection.  A special thank you to our server, Nolan, you were the icing on the cake.   Excited to go back to try more items on the re-vamped menu!I can't believe all the great reviews of this place.  My GF took me here last night for a romantic birthday dinner.  She paid extra for the 'wine cellar table.'
The wine cellar is an alcove under the sidewalk next to the gas meter with empty wine bottles in graffitid pegboard racks.  Ok.  We said we could get by that weakness. I got a 2002 Penfolds pinot noir that was served a bit warm in a wonderful glass.  My GF got a reisling that was served in a cheap glass.  Odd, but ok.  The bread wasw warm but perhaps a day too old.
The waitress was attentive and we ordered the mozz and tomato salad to share as an appetizer.  It was beautifully prepared but had no seasoning other than the oil and a spare sprinkling of basil.  Salt and pepper saved the dish, but it was pretty average.
For dinner I ordered the veal saltimbocca and my GF got linguine and clams in white sauce.  Both dishes were disasters.  My veal was less than 1/4 inch thick and incredibly tough.  It was severely over-cooked and actually had melted cheese topping the dried out prosciutto.  I tried one bite of each of the three pieces, looking for one that was edible.  It was a fruitless search.  
My GF's meal was passably better, but still not really edible.  The only flavor evident was salt and we didn't have any water on the table to counter the pound or so of salt that was in the clams and pasta.
When asked how everything was, we were silent.  The waitress apologized profusely and  offered to bring another dish for me.  I decided it was time to go and told her just to bring the check.  After 20 minutes she brought it by wordlessly.  My dinner was comped but the GFs was still there.  We waited another 20 minutes for someone to return for the check.  No one did.  We got up and went upstairs and gave it to the host (wearing a golf shirt and black pants? For a host? Really?).  
I dunno.  This place has had great reviews on Yelp and several other sites.  I just can't imagine that ANYONE could have a good experience here.great place! went here on a Monday evening without a reservation, only had a quick 15 minute wait at the bar till we were seated. the dining area is below ground, like a real wine cellar. the exposed brick and beams were beautiful. the booths were comfortable and roomy. the wine menu is awesome, something for everyone! the food was so good. huge portions so left overs will def be going home with you! the Caesar salads made at table side were delicious and by far the best I've had! the restaurant was having a little water issue while we were dining and who I believe was the manager (younger woman with short dark pixie hair) was handling the situation and customers perfectly. also, the gentleman refilling water never let our cups go dry. major bonus! def coming back again!Very nice restaurant in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia. Great place to catch up with family and friends. Very comfortable atmosphere and the staff is polite and interactive. Beware of the host, however, he seems to stare at you while you eat. All in all, great place. Definitely will be back!Yeah, went here in early December for a group party. Lots of groups there on a Saturday before the holidays. The 'mystery theatre' was pretty lame. Seemed like something a bunch of frat bros thought up at 3 AM on Saturday - not too deep or entertaining, just kind of, sort of, funny. Mystery? Only how they keep putting it on.
Food was OK, but over-shadowed by poor service (actors in character) and seemed like food was buffet, but actors got it for you. Really?I went during Restaurant Week last month. I was impressed by the ambiance and service. It's a very romantic and quaint atmosphere. The design is very rustic, old world Italian. Beautiful! Unfortunately, I was so engrossed in my interaction with my BF and opening birthday presents that I totally forgot to take pictures of my meal! I had one of the veal dishes and a cannoli for dessert. While I didn't find the veal overwhelming good, it was enjoyable. I'll try something different next time. Can't wait to return!This is one of my top Italian restaurants in the city. My husband and I go a few times a year and I have brought family here as well. They have all enjoyed it. They are known for their tableside Ceasar salad which is indeed the most delicious Ceasar I have ever had! I have gotten a variety a items here. If they have a pork special I usually get that. I had a stuff pork chop once that was practically the most amazing thing every. The duck is very good and is my brother's favorite from any place he has ever had duck. The service has always been good. On the weekends they have a pianist playing and they have a small bar upstairs for before or after dinner drinks. Writing this review is making me crave them right now! I definitely suggest going to this place for anyone in the mood for great, classic Italian.Wow some of the other reviews on here completely SLAM this place-its really not as bad as they made it out to be (and i can be picky). 
The service was good, drinks were fairly priced for downtown. The Caesar salad they make at the table is PHENOMENAL, as was their calamari appetizer. The entrees however lacked flavor, but a little salt took care of this. I would definitely come here again for the ambiance, drinks and appetizers. The dining room is soo pretty and cozy. 
I will not rush back, but I definitely would go there again.Now I know why they have a mystery theatre...because I have no friggin' clue when I'm gonna eat.  We went there on Mother's Day--OK, it's gonna be busy.  But when you have a 5:30 reservation and you don't get your meal till 7:30, something's very wrong.  We brought a baby and the high chair was dirty.  Took forever to take our order, to get food, they messed up the order, forgot things.  And I really think I could have cooked a better meal myself.I don't know how this could be rated 3.5 stars!  My wife and I came here a month ago and we were astonished by how good it was.  The caesar salad, in my opinion,  is the best!!  I had the grouper and that was delicious.  My wife had the lobster ravioli and that was perfect.  No fishy taste like you get at other Italian restaurants.  Desert sampler was yummy.  The calamari gets 4 stars.  It could have been crispier on the outside.  We are going again tonight for our anniversary.  That's how good it is.I can't believe I get to be the first to review this!! What an amazing experience. When we got there we didn't have reservation but they were very nice to find us a table in a decent amount of time. While we were waiting we hung out in their  cool little piano/bar upstairs. Downstairs is the restaurant which is great!! It's like being in a wine cellar. It's nice for a romantic dinner or a group dinner as well. I highly recommend getting their Table-side Caesar Salad! If you get it for the table it's more than enough of an appetizer.  The main dishes were also done to perfection. If you're looking to go out for a nice night on the town in Philly head to Bistro Romano you won't be disappointed!The atmosphere was great, the food was just average. Good wine selectionI loved Bistro Romano.  We went to try something new and they host a Murder Mystery Dinner Theater (the friendly waitstaff were the actors).  The cost was around $40 and that included the show along with a four course meal.  We had soup, salad, salmon (yumm, it was nicely seasoned and cooked to perfection) and cheesecake. 
The food was delicious and the show was entertaining.  It was an interactive event that got all the guests involved in trying to solve the murder mystery.  Some of the guests even had a couple lines to act out. We spent the night laughing, eating and making friends.  We will be going back again to check out the downstairs dining area that has gotten great reveiws as being quaint and romantic.Went there because I saw a groupon having been here before I kwe it was good. My daughter and I went for a much needed nite out. We where seated for a while before r server came which was somewhat annoying but then we realized he was like the only waiter so he def gets a past. Dinner was excellent I am a the worst customer I'm not very adventurous but Kyle r waiter was very accommodating and the swordfish was plain and deliouscious my daughter got the special rib eye steak w/ buffalo mozzarella cheese it was soooo good. Thank you Kyle for the wonderful service it was great having a nite off we can wait to go backGreat Experience! I planned my sisters 24th birthday for last night for 12 people and it was such a great time. There was a slight issue with the reservation but it was simply handled and I was happy. The dinner theater was a great idea because it was very entertaining, interactive and fun. The food was great and the price of the package was extremely affordable and appropriate. Thanks for the happy birthday for my sister!!I dont generally do perfect.  Something can always be better.  In this case I dont want to mince words or reduce for something trivial....Bistro Romano is perfect.  Service, Food, Wine, Ambiance the works...Perfect.  What better place to bring the perfect woman.  Sugar and I out on the town requires, no demands, perfection.  To see her through my eyes is to see a woman of everlasting beauty, unsurpassed class and immense intelligence. I wanted something special.  
Sugar and I wanted someplace special for our night. Our requirements included a quiet location away from the fray. Bistro came as a recommendation from a friend.  
I elected to give them a shot and I couldnt be happier.  
We arrived at 840 for our 9PM seating in the "wine cellar".  Yes you can rent their wine cellar for the evening.  This is a secluded table for two out of the main dining room, dimly lit and perfect to pay attention to the right things.  Do yourself a favor focus on her.  I did.  
We had a drink at the bar and were escorted to our table.  They did everything just right and as I had asked.  We enjoyed a Super Tuscan that was exquisitely recommended and described to us by our Sommolier.  CJ is a FANTASTIC waiter.  Request his services for the evening.  He led us around the menu, provided phenomenal attention and was a highlight of the night.  Braised Short Rib Agnolotti is now my fave...so flavorful and delicate and robust all at the same time.  There really are no bad choices on the menu.  
All of that simply enhanced the evening as I was with Her.  She knocks me over with her beauty, intelligence and charm.  She kills me with her attention and very simply owns my heart and soul.  She makes the evening.  But go and see these folks if you want to treat a woman like Her the right way, they go a very long way to help.This place is huge and kind of makes you think you've stepped back in time.  We dined downstairs and were able to enjoy the colonial decor and exposed brick.  
I started off with the wedge salad, which was very tasty; my husband had the soup of the day, which was a crab chowder and he inhaled it, which means it was super good. For entrees, I got the broccoli rabe ravioli and my husband, the gnocchi.  The gnocchi came topped with duck meat and was out of this world.  We had to take some home in a doggy bag because the portions were more than you usually get at an Italian restaurant in the city.  My ravioli was just okay - the broccoli rabe kind of overpowered the dish and the other flavors were lacking, so next time, I'd try something else.  The tiramisu was heavy on the mascarpone and thoroughly enjoyed by us both.
Glasses of wine will run you anywhere from about $7-12 which isn't bad for fine dining.  Overall, we had an enjoyable experience.I took my boyfriend to Philly for the weekend to celebrate his birthday. I purchased a groupon deal to Bistro Romano for dinner. I have to admit, I'm always skeptical when I do that, as I have this fear we will get less than stellar service because of it. I'm writing this review to set the record straight.
I was in the restaurant industry on and off for 18 years and my boyfriend is entering his 23rd year in the business. We both know that the key to success is your customer service. Even if your product is ok, it is your service that keeps people coming back. Bistro Romano did just that.
We knew with the groupon we would have to be seated before 4:30pm on a Saturday and were more than fine with that, as we had to travel back on a bus at 7:15pm out of the 30th Street Station. We were greeted by the lovely Victor, who sat us and made us feel welcome. We were very attended to by our busser, Evan,( whom I said if I have any more water I would swim out of the place!). Our waiter was accommodating, but could have used a shot of personality, but accomodating enough. We ordered the caesar salad ( prepared table side by a lovely gentleman who I did not get his name, but started working there a few weeks ago). It was delicious! My guy and I ordered the Chicken Paillard and Pescatore Pisa. The food arrived very hot!! and my guy raved about the seafood. The portions are huge!!!! We couldn't finish everything but it was delicious ( although my chicken was seasoned and cooked perfectly, the pasta and sauce left little to be desired).
All in all, a wonderful experience and I thank the staff for making us feel welcome. We will def be back!!Went here last night for our wedding dinner after our elopement. We had a party of 10 and the service could truly not have been better. Our waiters were attentive and nice. We sat right next to the painist which was a lovely touch to our evening. The food and wine were wonderful and we are so glad we chose Bistro Romano for our gathering.To start, the atmosphere of the restaurant is 4 stars. It has this romantic, brick wall, candle-lit feel which is great for private dates. 
I came here for restaurant week to do the three courses. By far the best course was the meza luna appetizer which was basically a small pasta calzone with cheese and a plain tomato sauce. Unfortunately that is where the fun stopped. The breaded tilapia with seafood risotto was a bust. The tilapia was dry and tasted like a sad farmed tilapia with no quality. The seafood risotto also gave off a low quality seafood taste. The dessert was pathetic and the cheesecake was actually the driest and saddest cheesecake I've ever had.  
The two stars is for potential for atmosphere and the fact that I came here once before three years ago and had a delicious seafood pasta. Not sure what happened to the food!We used to love this place but our last experience was unfortunate. The menu change really did nothing for us. The Caesar salad is still the best I've had, but the appetizer and entree choices were really not great. I got a gnocchi dish that desperately needed some parmesan cheese and my boyfriend for a short rib ragu pasta, which with this being an Italian restaurant we expected to be in a tomato based sauce and the menu really should have been written to clarify this. It was a glorified beef stew with a few noodles thrown in. It was completely not what was expected and did not meet our expectations. The old menu was much better. This was always a bit different in terms of Italian food as it didn't have staples (chicken marsala or parm) that you'd see at other restaurants, but they've removed the majority of things we ordered (a sausage and rigatoni dish and a fried mozzarella and eggplant appetizer that was great). The buratta toast was great. However, I'll have a hard time convincing my boyfriend (and myself) to return just for a great Caesar salad.Sometimes a good Italian meal is a really satisfying thing, and Bistro Romano hits that mark.  The interior is very unique and welcoming with a lots of brick, wood, intricate little mazes of tables and dim lights.  We enjoyed the little two person booth that we were seated at last night in the lower level.  They pack a lot of people in the place, but we never felt crowded.
The service was excellent all night, the wine list can range from affordable to obscenely expensive.  We enjoyed our merlot and pinot with the carpaccio and ricotta balls.  The latter of the two was a wonderful small plate with three mixed meat and ricotta balls perfectly fluffy and fried over sauce and pesto.  
We made the smart choice of splitting the gnocchi w/ duck ragu for our entree.  The gnocchi were cooked perfectly, and we loved the savory duck in the sauce.  My one complaint was how long it took to be served after the appetizers.  I'm glad we were relaxing and enjoying a nice night out, because it was a good half hour wait.  We ordered the profiteroles for dessert, and I really enjoyed them.  They look extremely heavy on the plate, but they were pleasantly light and mild flavor, while delivering a chocolaty fix.  
Great spot for a intimate date!Perfect date night spot. My other half and I love this place. Great food, romantic ambiance and attentive service. Lobster ravioli is magical too!!!Good food and unorganized service. The Mystery Dinner Theater was a huge disappointment - the material was not suitable for tweens. Overuse of the "B" word and very amateurish.  The acoustics upstairs are not suitable for a large crowd- and it was miserably hot as well.  During our meal we could hardly hear one another.  Visited last weekend in Oct 14I had a very unpleasant experience on 12/10/15. I was there with a group for a party. There were several in the group with special dietary needs. Several of the dishes were pasta with hard-to-identify ingredients. I asked "which of these are vegetarian" and was told the gnocci and ravioli were vegetarian. I bit into a ravioli to discover that it was filled with lobster. Someone who works in a restaurant should realize that a majority of American vegetarians don't eat fish-- and should have either clarified that the ravioli included shellfish or should have asked a follow up question before assuring the patron that a dish was vegetarian when it was not. Even worse, a fellow diner with celiac's disease was given food covered with a sauce containing flour because the waitstaff did not understand that flour was not "gluten free." I was very unhappy and won't be back for this reason. 
I will also add that the food was disappointing even setting aside the miscommunications. Most of the dishes I tried were bland/unexciting (no salt/pepper provided on the table). The tiramisu was quite bitter-- almost as if the chef had accidentally omitted sugar when making the dish.Came here during restaurant week, food was good as was the service.  Very cozy downstairs and I could see how it would be primarily geared towards couples.  Met our expectations.This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. The owner Mike, seems to be there all the time, and makes himself available on the floor to guests regularly. The Cesar Mare is the best salad I have ever had in my life. Perfect date spot with my girl friend, and the prices are just right. Incredible food food and a great atmosphere. Highly suggest this restaurant for dates!This place is excellent.  The atmosphere is very cool- in a basement renovated basement of a brownstone in Old City.  The best thing here is the caesar salad made tableside by your waiter or waitress.  It is the best caesar salad I have had in Philadelphia by far.  The rest of the menu is delicious as well.  The service is always good and the wine selection is excellent and affordable.  Would highly recommend.  Great for a date night.Service was phenomenal. The atmosphere was so romantic, and the food was perfection. The antipasti, lobster ravioli and cannoli were to die for.  I cannot wait to come back and try something new.I was really excited to try bistro romano, but overall it was pretty disappointing. The place has a pretty cool vibe inside with the exposed brick and historic feel. The food was very mediocre, had the mussels as an app, and they were just okay. Filet for me and clam sauce for the gf. Both were again just okay. Waitress was not personable at all and gave sub par service. The food was priced reasonable especially for the location, but overall a pretty disappointing experience. 
We went on the night of the army navy game so they were busier than usual, might explain the bad waitress but either way the food was nothing to get excited about. Check it out if you like exposed brick and historic vibes I guess, but don't expect great food.I took my boyfriend here tonight for his birthday, and we definitely weren't disappointed. A little background about us: the nicest restaurant we've ever really been to is maggianos, which is fairly nice. But maggianos doesnt even compare to here. I made reservations for 6:30. We arrived a little earlier, but were taken and seated right away.  Our waitress, who's name I can't remember, was super nice and knowledgeable. My boyfriend is allergic to nuts, so we let her know and she told us that the pesto for the bread contained pine nuts, and she would double check that everything else we were getting was but free, which was super nice. She also complimented me on my earrings, which was a plus. Since we're under 21 we passed on the wine, so I can't really comment on that. For an appetizer we had the ricotta fritter, which was amazing. Also, was brought out promptly. Different waiters and waitresses greeted us and filled out water glasses throughout the night. We both also ordered the gnocchi, some thing we've never had before and it was one of the most amazing meals I've ever had. The dish was so creamy and cohesive. The portion was also fairly large. After our dish we did order dessert. We shared a cannoli which was perfect as well. During our meal we asked a different waitress where their bathroom was and she directed towards it. Overall, the food was fantastic and well definitely be visiting again. Only for special occasions because for college students like us it was pretty expensive. Now for the ambiance of the place. It was so romantic. Very dim light, candles at the table. A live pianist started to play and was wonderful, we actually tipped him. I loved it. The only two reasons I did not give this place 5/5 is because to order the famous Caesar salad, since it is prepared table side, you need to order at least two, and my boyfriend doesn't like salad so I had to pass on that, which was fairly disappointing. Second, if you're not from the area, which we aren't we are from New Jersey, the parking signs are unclear. We parked on the street by the wawa on the other side, where the sign listed times for parking, and then in fine print at the bottom said you needed to pay at the parking meter across the street. We did not read the fine print. I came back with a $36 parking ticket on top of my $100 dinner bill. That's my only gripe. Over, an amazing place and well be visiting again!Great food, great ambiance. Try their burrata app,  amazing. Dinner was really good,  had the veal. Desserts are okay here,  had the hazelnut ice cream. Definitely a romantic restaurantAte at the private wine cellar. 
Pros: such a classy and romantic feel as soon as you walk in. Service was spot on, personal, and excellent suggestions. Food is delectable. The cannoli was THE BEST I've ever had. Lovely and would return every chance I can. 
Cons: good luck finding one.This place is really cute and has a great ambience. Our waitress was amazing - super friendly and helpful. She recommended the house wine which was really nice (I honestly don't know anything about wine so everything is nice to me). I ordered the spinach and feta stuffed chicken which I thought was mediocre. I thought the chicken didn't really have enough stuffing and the meat was super dry. I couldn't finish it because it was too dry. My friend thought it tasted fine, but I gave up on it about half way through. Despite how much I didn't like my entree, everyone else seemed to really enjoy their food so I think I would give it another chance.I'm smitten.
Amazing food, excellent service, and a beautiful decor.
I took my lady for her birthday dinner and reserved the Wine Cellar table (which, by the way, is quite possibly one of the coziest seats in Philly). The room was prepared with rose petals on the white linens, candle light, and quaintly isolated from the rest of the room...a perfect romantic setting.
The food was amazing. Presentation on all courses was well done, and done with care. Selection was broad enough to cover staples, yet offer variations to classics and hints of contemporary concepts. I was pleased beyond words at the overall taste of our selections. 
The decor is wonderful. Warm and timeless. Service was attentive and helpful with any and all of our inquiries (and quite good at creating our tableside Caesar salad by light of only 2 candles, bravo!).
Parking was nearby, and plentiful, even on a weekend night. I believe they even validate for the nearby garages. They're located close to carriage rides on 2nd St., just to put that finishing touch on your romantic evening.We went here on our anniversary. The wait staff was very nice also very knowledgeable on the menu. The ambiance was nice even though there were dinner napkins wrapped around the copper pipes above our heads. We started with the "award winning" Cesar salad, which seem far from the title. The dressing to lettuce ratio was way off giving us a greasy salad and we received 3 croutons for the whole table. The main course was a lamb shank over a bean meadly and gnocchi's for my wife. The lamb was good but the beans were completely under cooked. It made for a horrible experience. They didn't even take off money on the bill for the mistake. The gnocchi's were good but it made for a poor anniversary experience.Ok so I waited a couple of weeks before I wrote this review because I did not want to "angryview". This is based solely on the Murder Mystery Dinner Theater. I will not comment on the actual show because I believe the whole concept is supposed to be kind of silly, so I expected that. The food however was pitiful. Salad? Lettuce and a huge crouton, soaked in dressing. Minestrone soup? Had everything but the kitchen sink in it. The soup was alson the base for the chicken and salmon offering. Not cool. I had salmon. Dry, and no seasoning. Really guys???? Hubby had chicken...same deal. Both were covered in that "minestrone soup". When you ask people to fork out nearly 50 bucks, you should at least try to give them their money's worth! Shame on you Bistro Romano!I made a reservation here through OpenTable for Valentine's Day.  Unfortunately, due to unforeseen circumstances I had to cancel at the last minute (my reservation was for 8:45, I made the cancellation call at 7:15).  Opentable's cancellation policy for Bistro Romano clearly states a cancellation fee of $25 will apply to each member of the party.  This on its own is excessive, but I understand the rules are the rules and I fully consented to this arrangement prior to cancellation.  However, on the phone with the restaurant, I was charged $50 per person with no explanation as to why.  I was offered a $100 voucher to the restaurant for a future date (that I accepted, because some form of consolation is better than nothing), which I plan to begrudgingly use in the coming weeks.  Basically, I feel like I got fleeced and I also don't like the idea of an already-expensive restaurant siphoning money directly out of people's pockets simply for cancelling a reservation.  I want to make clear this review is directed towards the restaurant's greedy, landlord-like ownership and not the staff.  I understand charging maybe $5, $10, or $15 for a general cancellation made on a busy night, but $50 per person is downright oligarchical.This is a cool spot.  The restaurant is in the basement, which feels like a huge wine cellar.  The larger tables are in the center, and more intimate tables are on the outside - some with little alcoves making them feel secluded.  The food is good, and if you join the mailing list you'll get emails about extended restaurant week menus, tasting menus, free champagne / wine with dinner, etc.  It's not extravagant food, it's rustic and great!Fabulous food, incredibly friendly service in a warm friendly ambiance of old world charm.  Great for date night and terrific too for friendship dinner.Great meal and experience for my wife's birthday. Food and service were both excellent, including a very good and reasonably priced wine selection. This is our second time back, and it was consistently good this time as well as last. Highly recommended.Epic food, epic atmosphere, and epic wine selection.Bistro Romano is simply amazing! They have the most delicious food and 5 star service. We always have a great experience and will continue to dine there!!! Elana is the best waitress!Great food and large portions.  We couldn't finish and had leftovers for the next day.  The service was excellent and we didn't feel rushed to leave.  The decor was romantic, great for a date.  I plan on returning soon.Dined here twice and could not have been more impressed.  We recently returned from a trip to Italy and we felt we were still there.  The food and service was impeccable and Anthony the Wine Steward was fabulous.  Anthony recommended several bottles of great wine that were reasonably priced and delicious.  They have a different special dish each week and one is better than the next.  We dine out regularly and particularly Italian, this is the most authentic, from the food to Anthony the wine man its a can't miss.  Can't wait to go back!!!Looking for the perfect romantic date night? Look no further! This place was quaint and warm. The dishes were unique and tasteful. I was stuck between two dishes and opted for one of the specials. I was very pleased with my choice which included a pasta in a pesto sauce topped with rock shrimp. We ordered a variety of appetizers which were are wonderful (calamari, caesar salad, to name a few) and a couple desserts (hazelnut ice cream, tiramasu, carrot cake). I would come back in a heart beat.Overall, the food was good, I would give it a 3.5 if that existed.
Service was good, the booths downstairs were nice, but a little dingy.
The table-side cesar is a must, the rest of the menu was your average italian fare. Portions were large, nothing really stood out as spectacular.I have been here twice.  The first time was for a mystery dinner theater, which was fun.   The food that night was mediocre, but I guess that's to be expected at that type of event.  Just bland and not hot.  The second time I went was last night for a regular dinner.  They sent me a birthday coupon for a free entree so we decided to use it.  The staff was very nice, and sat us immediately in a cozy booth in the basement (not a bad basement, very romantic).  I unscrewed the little lightbulb on the wall in our booth, because the lighting was a little harsh, and came from above.  It was hurting my eyes.  We sat in the dark for a bit, and the waiter, without commenting, kindly brought a candle to the table.  I was impressed with this subtlety.  We ordered duck and salmon.  Both were good.  Not amazing, but good.  I thought the duck lacked flavor, and the salmon was done nicely, if the sauce was a bit oversalted.  The scallops on top of the salmon were incredibly delicious and I wished there were more.  We both enjoyed the fresh roasted vegetables.  Overall, a pleasant, unoffensive restaurant experience.  Probably wouldn't go out of my way to return, but wouldn't turn down an invitation there either.Bistro Romano has the reputation of being the most romantic restaurants in Philadelphia. While I agree that nothing can top eating in the secluded subterranean wine cellar, for a date I prefer Friday Saturday Sunday for the coziness. Not to take anything away from Bistro Romano. The service has always been excellent. The table-side preparation of the Caesar Salad is always one of my favorite parts of the meal. I do enjoy the pasta that they serve, but I tend to think that the specials that they have are always much better. My favorite so far has been a stuffed pork-chop that was out of this world. All in all it's a good Italian restaurant in Philly, reasonably priced and a good place to take a date.Such a nice place to go out for a romantic evening. I booked the wine cellar for my husbands 35th birthday and it was wonderful. Very private, service was very good and the food was great! Highly recommend for a quiet evening out. The piano playing in the background was so nice and all staff very friendly. Make sure to check it out if your in downtown Philly.The food was pretty good. We sat upstairs. The seating was very close together. We sat right next to the piano . The piano layer could probably hear our conversation.I have to say this place reminded me of a glorified, slightly higher priced Olive Garden. The ambiance was dungeon-esque, and the temperature of the dining room was warm.  The yellow, electric candles above the table were covered in dust, and the place looked like it could use a nice overhaul by Molly Maid.
The wait staff was friendly, but they all seemed to be faking it really bad.  I wouldn't want to be working there either!  One of the guys had a goiter on his cheek. Another guy had his hand wrapped in a bandage.....appetite killers!  
The food was mediocre at best.  The tilapia and baby shrimp grossed me out, but the beef tenderloin and horseradish mashed potatoes were okay.  The side of veggies was doused in oregano, and the side of pasta was unexciting.  Even the lemon sorbet I had for dessert didn't seem cold enough.....imagine that!?  
If you're desperate for Italian, I guess give it a shot.  I would much rather eat at Pietro's around the corner on South Street.Our family had dinner here a few days ago. They were very accommodating with our request to eat upstairs so my mother in law wouldn't have to deal with the stairs. 
The food was delicious and the service was outstanding. At one point, the person who I imagine is the owner or manager came by to talk about my daughter's meal as she thought it was spicy. He apologized profusely but we told him it was fine and in fact I ate it. . 
We can se why this restaurant has been around for a while and if we lived in Philadelphia, we would probably frequently eat there.I came here with my boyfriend for our 6-month anniversary and we ordered the Bistro Cozze (naked mussels coated with garlic and fresh herbs, and dipped in white wine broth.) It was okay. For our entrée, he had the Mezza Luna and loved it. I had the Rigatoni Bistro. It was good but between the Bistro Cozze and the bread they brought out, I was almost full not even halfway through the dish. 
Our server was a little slow and spent a lot of time attending to other guests (they had tableside Caesar salads so that's probably why), so we waited longer than we should've to order. Other than that, he was a wine expert. 
Our experience overall was good. The ivy and candlelit dining area added a romantic touch. It was not noisy at all so we could hear each other, and the entire staff was very gracious and accommodating. We will probably come back.I am shocked that this restaurant is only 3-1/2 stars on Yelp. The food was delicious and the service was outstanding. Our drinks were continuously
topped off and filled to the brim and we were asked how our dinner was on several occasions by each of the staff and not just our waiter. We started our dinner upstairs at the bar with appetizers and drinks. The bar is beautiful and our bartender was polite and helped make our experience calm and enjoyable. The happy hour here is the best I've been to in the city.I first heard of Bistro Romano from an acquaintance. When I checked out their website I discovered they offer a lobster special on Tuesday nights. For just $14.95 you get a green salad, whole lobster with butter, and small side of pasta (see my pics). My husband and I couldn't remember the last time we ate a whole lobster, so it was a nice, affordable indulgence. To be safe, reserve your lobster in advance when you make reservations.
We ended the night with profiteroles that were smothered in chocolate mousse. Yum! Sorry, no picture of dessert because if you can imagine they didn't look very appetizing (round balls covered in brown goop), so you'll just have to trust me. 
We're definitely going back to try BR's legendary tableside ceasar salad and some pasta dishes as well. I hope they live up to our first experience.Visiting Philadelphia and my husband and I thought we'd try this place. We're so glad we did. Romantic and cozy ambience. Great veal, great food, great service.  You can't go wrong with this place for special occasions, but it may not be the place for young children. Call for reservations to guarantee seating.I've been here several times at this point and figured it's time to review. Easily my favorite Italian spot in Philadelphia. Everything from the ambiance to the food to the service is on point, 100%. 
The restaurant itself is beautiful: candlelit, romantic, traditional, classic, cellar style dining.  The servers were well trained in explaining the specials, and very helpful to inquire with the chef if we had questions.
My boyfriend is uber picky everywhere we go, to the point where it generally drives me nuts. But he fell in love with everything they brought to our table. Even the olive oil for dipping was warm and garlic-y, and the mixed drinks well balanced. We ordered stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer (brilliant and flavorful, stuffed with ground sausage and topped with a hearty Gorgonzola cream sauce) and split the pork chop entree, stuffed with figs and cheese, with a vegetable dish on the side. Even though we split it, there was still enough to take home. 
We enjoyed ourselves so much that we barely noticed the hour, but they never rushed us once, and even let us take our drinks to the bar to have a look around. The bar, by the way, is gorgeous. It's like a giant gothic alter of booze and style.
You can tell by now, I love this place. If you want to impress in laws, pop the big questions, or just find a quiet spot with AMAZING food, this is it. This.Is.IT. Stop looking, because it's right here.Had another great dinner at this place! Server was great and took good care of my 6yr old needs. The special society hill menu was very much a surprise! Wine was great from a very varied wine list. Recommend this place to everyone.A solid teeny-tiny Italian place, but I probably won't be going back. Admittedly, I was with a large party of 17 people but I honestly have NEVER seen such a slow staff. The entire dinner took over three hours and while the food was good, who has time for that?!?!
If you're going anyway...I'd recommend the caesar salad just to entertain yourself for a few minutes because let's be real you'll be sitting there for a while without much to look at so you might as well treat yourself to some enjoyment. If you are actually able to make it through your entire dinner, you may want to reward yourself with the cannoli. It's pretty delicious and was probably my favorite part of the meal (although, maybe the idea that I would soon be able to leave had something to do with it).My husband and I love it here.  We have been coming for over 20 years and still love it.  We just brought our children for their 18th birthday and had a fabulous time.  Our waiter was attentive and the caesar salad made table side is fantastic.Bistro Romano = epitome of romance. 
Take your date here.. he/she will LOVE you for it. I agree w/others.. food wasn't the greatest but the experience & ambiance is well worth the price tag. Call ahead for reservations; it's not a huge restaurant but there are two floors. The main level includes the bar area with a pianist, while the downstairs level is much more rustic & romantic. That's also where you'll find the "special" private wine room. 
You won't be disappointed with the service. I was most impressed with the chocolate flourless cake dessert. My main course was pretty good but not excellent. The baked fish was a little dry; however, the risotto was fabulous. Great wine selection and they serve traditional Italian dishes. 
To reiterate, this is the place to come for excellent service + romantic ambiance. :)Food was great.  I had a special soup, a tomato based crab chowder which was fantastic.  This was followed by the gnocchi with duck ragu which was simply amazing.  What was even better was the serving size was gigantic and I had plenty for leftovers the next day.  Finally, their tiramisu had about 3 pounds of marscapone in it and was lighter on the espresso taste than other places which I really enjoyed.Beautiful place, although a bit small. We were seated by the kitchen which wasn't the ideal spot but we went along with it. Food was good, but a bit over priced for what it was. The service was great, however we got charged for 2 salads when we only ordered 1. The menu said it can feed up to 2 or more people so I'm not sure why they made it confusing for the customer in that aspect. Also, I wouldnt recommend ordering cocktails if they're not on the menu- the Bloody Mary I got wasn't good, however my SO ordered one from their menu and it was good. Overall, I wouldn't come back.I'm writing this review on behalf of my parents (foodies who don't use computers much).  Last night they made plans to go to Bistro Romano and then go to see a play.  They loved Bistro Romano so much that they blew off the play and just stayed in the restaurant all night. They called me this morning gushing about how great it is.  I have never heard my dad so excited about a place in Philly.   It's now their favorite place to eat in the city.I had dinner here   for restaurant week! The interior design and decor is very pretty and different. I am not a fan of dim lighting they had. The staff are amazingly polite and they will say thank you 100 times! I got pomegranate cocktail with vanilla rum and vodka that was tart and amazing. Crab dip was to die for, I wasn't fan of winter salad . Hanger steak was salty and average. Risotto was good and sea bass was below average. I loved their Tiramisu but not a fan of chocolate torte. In general if I am back here is bc of the the ambianceJust returned from an anniversary weekend to Old City, Philly. Found reviews for this restaurant and thought it had what my wife and I liked. This place lived up to, and exceeded the posted reviews. We arrived 15 min early for res, so we took a seat at the bar. Very personable bartender. Our table was ready in short order. We were seated and tended to immediately. We started with a crab spread and toast. Delicious! Not too salty, very creamy, and the crab was fresh. My wife ordered scallops over risotto. Tender, mild scallops without any of the iodine taste evident in many scallop dishes. I had the veal saltimbocca. Tender filets with prosciutto, cheese and diced tomato. A wine demiglaze topped it off. Tasty, and properly balanced accompanied by whipped potatoes. A very well done dish. We enjoyed a side of broccoli rabe with red peppers. Fresh, vibrant, and not bitter. For dessert, which we took to go, we had a creamy cannoli, and said my wife, "the best tiramisu I've ever tasted."
The staff were professional, courteous, and properly attentive.
Whenever we make a return trip to Philly, we will revisit this fine spot to sample more of the menu.
If only they offered a sample plate.Michael Granato runs a great establishment. If you've not experienced Bistro Romano, you're missing a very nice meal, great staff and even some very fun times. You must attend one of their murder mysteries and prepare yourself for antics and a good meal.This is a top-notch restaurant. They understand everything from the wine to the salad to the pasta to the main course. You will not be disappointed coming here. It has excellent atmosphere and ambience with, believe it or not, not to the highest price you can pay in Philadelphia.I was at The Bistro Romano years ago and the food was really good. I recently went back for Murder Mystery Theatre and it was horrible!!! The acting, the plot, amd there were no clues to figure out the murder....just a guessing game. The food was blah. Overall bad experience and i won't be returning.The atmosphere was nice. Service was pretty good and the food was great. I had the duck and loved every bit of it. Planning on going back soonThe atmosphere is amazing. Great food and amazing home made Cesar salad.Lovely Classic Italian! My husband and I decided we were in the mood for pasta at the last minute on a Monday night. With lots of BYO's closed on Mondays we decided to venture from Fishtown for Italian. We got there around 9 and were immediately warmly greeted and seated. Our server Todd was on point with everything and our meal was perfectly timed so that each course arrived appropriately. BONUS! All pasta is $13.95 every Monday with a salad! Overall loved our experience with the friendly staff and delicious pasta!So delicious! We came here for dinner on Sunday. I had been previously and added my name to the mailing list, so we lucked out and made reservations for a night where they offered their mailing list members 3 courses for $32.99 plus free drinks! 
All of us ordered off the pre fixe menu for this special, it was so good. I got bruschetta and Osso Bucco, and a cannoli for dessert. The restaurant look is so cool, all exposed brick from the old building and it's beautiful! Definitely a good choice for Italian in the society hill neighborhood. And for $33 a person it's a steal!Wow, I love this place.  The food is amazing and the atmosphere is wonderful.  When you first go in, the bar is upstairs.  There's a beautiful wide spiral staircase to take you downstairs to the dining area.  The lower floor is dark and pretty romantic, but it doesn't feel stuffy or too fancy and you wouldn't feel like a loser eating there alone.  But if you have a date you can definitely hold hands across the table and gaze into their eyes by candlelight and all that stuff.  We've always had really good service there and the food always comes out quickly.
Now, the food.  If you like a ceasar salad, you HAVE to get it here.  They make it right next to your table with fresh ingredients and the option to add anchovies or not.  We got it with 'chovies once and I bit a tiny bone so that pretty much ended it for me.  Even then, it tasted so good.  We usually went on Monday night, when they served most of the pasta dishes on their menu for under $14. The desserts are delicious too.  The portions are pretty big, so you could definitely make two meals out of it, especially if you save some of that bangin' ceasar salad you got.  Even the little mints they offer you at the door after dinner are delicious!  I want to fly home just to have a meal here.I can't decide if this place is actually a restaurant, or a giant psychological experiment testing the Emperor's New Clothes effect.
Read the Yelp reviews and reserved the cellar room for my wife's birthday. First of all, it wasn't a private table in the wine cellar like the website would lead you to believe - it's more like a broom closet in the downstairs dining room with old curtains trying desperately to hide the exposed pipes near the walls. Also it's hardly private - the rest of the dining room will peer curiously at you all night, wondering why you are dining in the closet. My wife's taller so she kept hitting her heard on whatever was behind the curtain, and she couldn't pull her chair out at all. Also, there was a random mirror next to our table that was pretty dirty.  At this point, I would've paid $15 to sit at any other table, but I wasn't going to let things ruin a special night.
The caesar salad... it was good, but it was just a caesar salad. With Romaine, croutons, and nothing else. They make it in front of you, but it's hardly worth twenty bucks (for two). 
My entree was actually pretty good - jumbo shrimp and seafood over rigatoni. The seafood was good, but some of the rigatoni was really undercooked, and I could tell it was standard dry pasta you can get anywhere, not fresh homemade pasta. My wife got the orechiette special and barely had two bites - it came with salmon and smoked salmon, seems like the type of "special" you come up with when the restaurant has ingredients they need to get rid of.
The hostesses were absolutely frigid, the servers and the woman that made the caesar salad were awesome and friendly all night. Three different mysterious men came by to ask if everything was okay, we didn't make a fuss, said everything was great. No need to give anyone a reason to mess with your food. 
Honestly we're pretty positive people and we still had a good time, but we weren't into the cellar room, nor the food. They also forgot to bring us our "to-go" leftovers of my wife's barely touched entree. I remembered as we were leaving, and asked for it. I think my wife wishes we had left it there. 
Maybe we're just not romantics, but I thought the whole affair was kind of cheesy.My number-one favorite Philly restaurant.  I can't think of another place in the city with more intimate, cozy atmosphere, from the cobblestone street to the historic stone and brick and wood structure.
The food has always been a solid 8 or 9, whether I have been there with just one other person or on the two occasions I have entertained parties of eight or ten.  (Unlike most restaurants that put big parties at a huge bare table in the back, we were fit into a cozy alcove where we didn't disturb the other diners, but still felt like we were "in" the same room as everyone else.)
I have occasionally wished that the wait-staff were more enthusiastic or engaging, but they have never lacked for competence.
I must confess that the Mystery Dinner Theater almost scared me off the first time (I imagined something out of a bad Pocono dinner-theater).  I can't say what the show might be like -- I've never been -- but everything I have seen makes Bistro Romano a solid choice, particularly for a romantic dinner for two.
Pointer:  the private table in the wine celler sounded like a great idea and a very exclusive place to be, but the one time I opted for it I just a little isolated:  there is more than enough intimacy in the booths already).GO --- We were hesitant to try this place after the seeing neg. reviews, but it ended up being much better then we expected.   All 3 of us had different veal dishes & sampled each others' (Rosini, Saltimbocca * Melanzane).  They were all very tender & well-prepared -  really finely done.  The seafood app was the only downer - somewhat overcooked.  Waiter (Walt?) was excellent, prompt but not breathing over us.  Wine list looks interesting but seems way pricey.Such a cute, romantic Italian restaurant with a very broad menu. We came here for my girlfriends brothers pre wedding dinner and had a wonderful time. Restaurant week was ending in Philly so we had the option of ordering from the main menu or the restaurant week menu. The party was mixed with which menu we ordered from but my gf and I chose the 4 course menu. The fresh lake perch and lobster ravioli were to die for, really impressed with the chef on both plates. The ambiance also is very romantic, with a piano player upstairs it's a perfect spot to take out a loved one.We went to Bistro Romano to celebrate our wedding anniversary and we loved it!  We were looking for a cozy, romantic Italian restaurant and this was perfect.  The dining area was charming and cozy.  Our meal was delicious (I had the chicken Milanese and my husband had a veal special) - the wine list was huge and the dessert (cannoli) was wonderful.  Only two negatives were that we had to ask for water and bread (it was busy) and there was a loud (and very enthusiastic) 40th birthday party group right next to us.  No fault of Bistro Romano, though, and they very very apologetic about the noise, even giving us a gift certificate to use at our next visit.  And we will definitely come back again!  Thank you for helping us celebrate our anniversary!!I'm totally confused. The reviews for this restaurant are very good. This place is just bad all the way around. After leaving I felt as if I needed a bath. Dirty chairs and subpar food. Never again.Came here with a group of people for a birthday party, we were attending the Mystery dinner show. Arrived a little late so we missed the hors d'hourve hour but looking at the left overs didn't impress me, some vegetables, tiny meatballs, and a plate of cheese and crackers. The bar and bottom floor looked quant and romantic. Upstairs for the mystery murder dinner was extremely overcrowded and the design of the room seemed to be a little dated. The Caesar salad was delicious and the minestrone soup was good but it came in a cup, not a bowl and each person only receive one dinner roll which was disappointing since I was starving. 
Our choices for dinner was chicken cacciatore, balsamic glazed salmon, or pasta primavera. I chose the salmon. When our meals arrived the plate were a pitiful site. According to the online menu we were suppose to have the following, "Balsamic Glazed Pan Seared Salmon with Zucchini, Eggplant, Yellow Squash, Red Onions & Potatoes in a Light Tomato Broth" on my plate there were hardly any vegetables and very little broth. No one had potatoes on their plates. The eggplant was rubbery and the salmon was very dry. To top it off the drinks were way over priced and the acting was poor. Overall I left sober, hungry, and unentertained.We rented the private wine cellar.  Could have used a few more candles, and I found the echo distracting.  Also, other customers tend to peer in at you like you are a zoo animal.  Food was ok, can do much better in Philly.  The service was so bad that it became the joke of the night.Nice concept and good experience. Love  the combination of theatre and dinner. The show was better than  the food. Food was average borderline cafeteria food. For the price you definitely get alot for your money. In addition to the show you get the horse d'oeuvre during cocktail hour (cocktails not included) salad, soup, entree and dessert with coffee. Makes a fun night out with friends and unique experience.Bistro Romano is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city. Fairly priced food and wine. What more do you need? 
Their seafood salad is loaded with seafood and the crab dip is a little bit more creamy than I would like it but the crab is delicious. 
The caesar salad here is made next to your table, for caesar salad lovers this is a must!
I personally think this is one of the best spaghetti in the city, way better than Little Nonna's or other places "known" for their spaghetti. I love their venison mafalde as well. I wish there was more "sauce" but the amount of meat they give you is plentiful and the pasta here is always cooked al dente, as it should be.
The tiramisu here is one of my favorites. The combination of the chocolate and the fluffy creaminess is sooo delicious. Perfect ending to a perfect meal.
Definitely worth it for the restaurant week deal, a date night or dinner with a big group of friends but definitely make a reservation!My husband and I stopped in for a drink and an appetizer and were welcomed by one of the most hospitable bartenders we've experienced in the area.  Sean was wonderful and made our time here very memorable! The mussels were delicious, and the drinks were outstanding.  BEAUTIFUL historic bar.  Five stars all around!I and my wife went here for an early anniversary. We were nervous at first with reading all the mixed reviews, but we decided to go ahead anyway. We are glad we did. The food was great and fresh. I got the stuffed pork chops and they were amazing. Their dipping oil was great and their stuffed mushrooms were awesome.I am never dissapointed when I visit this tucked away gem.  
Located among the historic row-homes of old city, there is an intimate atmosphere to this Italian eatery.  Downstairs you feel like you are entering a private wine cellar with stone walls and dim lighting.  
This trip I had the house salad, braciole and finished with a cannoli.  The braciole was cooked perfectly and was served with garlic mashed potatoes.  The portion was enough to take half home and it was still delicious the next day!  I LOVE a good cannoli and this definitely made the grade!  With small pieces of pistachio and mini chocolate chips, I couldn't help but finish the whole thing.  
My boyfriend had the veggie lasagna and carrot cake. I enjoyed my meal, but his was by far the better of the two.  The lasagna was made with tomato sauce and topped with a creamy alfredo(best of both worlds!!).  The name carrot cake doesn't really give the dessert credit, the three tiered wonder was filled with raisins and a sweet glaze.  
Bistro Romano is one of our favorite places in old city, hopefully we will be back very soon!Congratulations to my personal favorite restaurant for being on Redbooks's most romantic restaurant in PA!! I've been saying the same for years!!! 
http://www.redbookmag.com/food-recipes/entertaining/g4130/most-romantic-restaurants/?src=nl&mag=rbk&list=nl_rnl_news&date=021417Went here for Valentine's Day (Sat).  We had reservations but had to wait about 15mins at the bar (no big deal).  Everyone was very niceWhen I do find a place that serves a slice of the great stuff i get very attached to it and so this is probably one of those places! Visited this wonderful place for the bf birthday dinner..and I'm so happy we visited!
I should've taken more photos BUT I was too busy stuffing my face...lol 
Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They got my lemon drop martini to a tee! And they didn't hover too much..since that can get very annoying..thanks To our waiter Joe! 
We did order the gnocchi as a prima, but seriously it was SO GOOD that I completely forgot to take a picture of it!  the dough was soft and the sauce was perfect..
The lobster ravioli was creamy and packed with well...lobster! The sauce, the cheese and the pasta was not too over powering so you can actually taste the lobster in every bite of the ravioli.
The steak was a special that night, and we were glad! 
I'm not big on steaks BUT I'm soooo glad We ordered it! Medium rare..to juicy perfection. 
Loved the piano playing upstairs by the bar..and I love the bar itself! Lol... downstairs: there's enough space, dimmer obviously since you're in a basement but with a romantic feel to it. 
Location wise..We loved because on a Saturday night the city can be outrageous especially when it comes to finding parking BUT thankfully the restaurant's website suggests parking areas nearby; which was very helpful. You can walk a few blocks and end up in Penns Landing area or South Street. So much to see! Definitely a place to visit again! 
P.S. this restaurant has so much more to offer so checkout their website and read about them!To be clear, my rating is based on my experience with the Murder Mystery Dinner.  I cannot speak to the restaurant itself, though I can say that I wished several times during the night that I was simply a dinner guest and not a show guest.
Have you ever had small children put on a "play" for you?  One that they made up say....10 minutes ago?  They don't know their lines and they aren't exactly great actors and the plot is loose at best, but they're kids and they are adorable so you enjoy yourself nonetheless.  That's what this is, only take out the part about them being kids and adorable, and therefore the part about enjoying yourself.
Plot.......practically nonexistant.
Actors......I wouldn't even call them that (except the one guy, who happened to also write the play.  He can act.  He can't write.)
The actors didn't know their lines.  It was painfully obvious and super uncomfortable, especially when other actors tried to fill in the blanks for them and they would all just stumble to a point where they could agree and then move on to the next botched line. It often felt like they were making it up as they went along. Towards the end it was like they weren't even trying any more.  
The murder came out of nowhere.  And allow me to also say that I use "murder" lightly.  The character who was killed managed to stay on its feet and talk for what felt like hours after being killed.  
They had us guess who we thought the murderer was but that was just it - a guess.  There was nothing to figure out.  No hints had been dropped.  Like, none.  None at all.  There was no suspense.  You really had no reason to believe that any of the characters had - or had not - been the murderer.  When it was revealed at the end, I got the sense that the role of the murderer changes with each performance - something that could be easily done when the reason for the murder is so loose. 
Also, prior to the reveal one of the characters came out under the guise of helping us "figure out" how to solve the murder, but it ended up being a huge play for tips.  It was pushed so much, in fact (they went as far as to suggest $10 per person would be a reasonable amount), that it ended up being offensive....especially since we were told when making reservations that our price of entry included gratuity.
The only thing saving this from being a 1-star is the food.  It tasted good, but I did get violently ill within an hour of eating, and for several hours after I got home.  Maybe its because they keep their caesar salad station positioned right outside of the bathroom.  That has GOT to be a violation of the health code.Issac our waiter was attentive, knowledgable and very personable. We had a party of 7 and he didn't miss a beat, remembered everyone's drinks for refills. Overall the consensus was that most everyone's food was fab. Started with the fried artichokes, calamari and salads. Great portions and quality, food was tasty, seasoned perfectly and hot. I ordered the vegetarian bolognese, husband the duck. My entree was delicious and plentiful. The duck was overlooked and dry(hence the 4 star rating/ he was a bit bummed). We will be back. A great Italian place with excellent service.Me and my boyfriend have been here so many times and loved it every time. The food is amazing and the service is great! I would tell anyone who is looking for a romantic date night to go here. My favorite dinner is the bistro clams and muscles, it is to die for. They also have amazing chocolate covered strawberries. We are going there for our three year anniversary in the wine room and cannot wait!We went there for Valentine's Day and had high hopes, it was supposed to be one of the most romantic places in the city. So disappointed. Started with Truffle Grissini, the ingredients  sounded so promising, but the dish is lacking any flavor and is very dry, we did send it back. My entry was a pork dish with broccoli rabe, the pork was not cooked through, the broccoli rabe hard and stringy. The table was so small, that we had to put dishes on the floor. The only positive thing: our waiter, he was out of this world. Will not go back.Went to Bistro Romano for Valentines Day this year.  Great overall experience, definitely worthy of 5 stars.  The atmosphere is fantastic, especially downstairs in the basement.  The food was great, the best Italian I've had in Philadelphia.  I highly recommend the Caesar salad, which they prepare table side while they explain all the ingredients that make it so delicious.  My main course was a shrimp gnocchi, made with a delicious sauce and plenty of shrimp to fill me up.  It was enough to take home and it was just as good the next day.  My only regret was being too full to try the desserts, which looked very good.  
I would definitely go to Bistro Romano again, and recommend it to anyone looking for a good date restaurant or for a good meal with friends.Was here for the 1st time this past Saturday with some fam/friends for my birthday. The service was great & the food was absolutely amazing. I will be back.... A LOT.My favorite standard Italian food in the city. Love sitting downstairs in the candlelit space, and the table-side Caesar salad is a must!Excellent!  Our waitstaff was very friendly and informative.  
The ambiance was perfect for a romantic evening.  
The food was delicious with perfect portions.
Highly recommend this restaurant if you are interested in Italian food!!!Almost a 4 star joint, but missing some flare.
Came here for a large birthday party, so I got to sample a little of everyone's plate.  I myself ordered the pork chop (dinner special) which was impressive.  All the pasta dishes that came to our table were equally as tasty.  Portion sizes are normal to generous.  Wine menu is large (and overpriced).  Service was polite and attentive.
Overall, food was good, but missing the "wow" factor to receive the 4th star.  I will give this place another try.This was our second time at Bistro Romano. The first time we sat at the bar. This time we sat downstairs. It was rainy and cold outside and freezing downstairs as a result. Our server Mike was super friendly, but a touch overly attentive. The table side caesar salad was a tad too overzealous and borderline awkward (also I hate when restaurants skimp and serve grated parm instead of shaved in the caesar - it creates a paste when combined with the dressing). Mike was, however, incredibly nice and had great knowledge of the menu. Our meals of gnocchi and veal respectively were incredibly delicious. The chef definitely knows how to churn out good pastas. And my veal, in particular, was cooked perfectly and served with a delicious sauce with wild mushrooms. Ambiance was nice, if not cold. There was a cute young couple clearly there on a first date, which made for some adorable interactions. We would definitely go back, but we'd likely opt to eat at the bar again. Food is great.Absolutely delicious! Fresh homemade Italian food. I had lobster ravioli and I ate the whole thing! My partner got a skirt steak and it was mind blowing! Great wine and cocktails  too!