So when we walked in the Pizza Shop we were greeted by a helpful waitress.  She answered any questions that we had concerning the ingredients used for the pizza.  So we tried the Hawaiian Pizza, Cheese Pizza, Buffalo Pizza and Best of all Cheesesteak Pizza... OMGEEEE they were all delicious.   This place you have to tryWent there with some friends and had a great evening over some fantastic vegan wings. We pigged out on the wings and the Barbecue was by far my favorite. Highly recommend.My fiance' treated me here twice now. Im sorry I wasnt able to review sooner... but OMG. This place is amazing. If you're looking for a 'real' cheesesteak taste for vegetarian/vegan... This is perfect! Yet, I actually sat down and had a slice recently. OH MY GLOB, the freakin' mushroom pizza was the BEST I ever had in my life!The best vegan pizza I have ever tried. The haymaker was absolutely amazing. I brought it back to work and all of my vegan coworkers went nuts. It had just the right amount of garlic. The crust was just the perfect thinness. 
I also tried the Philly cheese steak while is on this crunchy chewy hoagie bun. It's a little bit greasy but I did not mind it. 
Lastly, I tried the beet salad. It had caramelized onions and beets in assorted colors.  It was a really tasty and unique salad. I will be getting all of these items again plus the wings.Order the Haymaker. So good. Quick delivery too!Ambiance leaves much to be desired, but it is a pizzeria! Staff is a little aloof, but it's always busy. Food is just out of this world! I'm not vegan, but I swear their cuban is one of the best, meat or no meat, I've ever had! Definitely worth a stop!!The BEST Pizza!  Wow, I am so glad I made the trip.
The red sauce had such an amazing flavor.  We got the Fungi mushroom pizza (no cheese) and wished we would have gotten it with the red sauce that was on the Haymaker slice but the garlic sauce was delic too.
I wasn't sure about the wings but the habanero citrus sauce hit the spot.  It wasn't super hot and of course it is not a wing but it was perfect for "chicken.
There were so many things on the menu I wish I would have had more time to go back.
"Delivery" is brought on a pedal bike so I can see why we were out of the delivery area.
The people were friendly and helpful.  The place is small and a nice hole in the all.  Is that an OXY?
It was warm without A/C but the night wasn't too bad.
The lemon vegan cupcake also hit the spot.
We lucked out and found a parking spot down street.  Best date night!
Would love to go back.So. I am neither a vegan. Nor am I a huge pizza fan.  BUT if pizza tasted like it does at Blackbird Pizzeria at every pizza joint, it might be the only food I ever consume. Seriously. What dark magic is going on in that deliciously crispy dough? What secret ingredient do they have to make the funghi pizza so craveworthy?
I was completely blown away. The funghi pizza and the chickpea parm had me smiling like it was Christmas. Both tasted better than their traditionally meat/egg/cheese filled counterparts. 
I honestly cannot wait to go back and try more items on the menu. Absolutely fantastic.I went here today with my brother. We both got cheesesteaks and a pepperoni pie. The pizza was amazing. Perfect dough, great sauce, daiya cheese and the best pepperoni ever. It's awesome to be able to go to a pizzeria and get a huge selection of delicious vegan pies. I want to try all varieties. The cheesesteak was really good, my only complaint was the roll. I was expecting/wanting a soft amoroso style long roll, but they use a ciabatta like situation, which I found to be too thick and hard and took focus from the filling. Which was perfect. I love the filling! It was super thin sliced seitan with perfectly grilled onion and mushroom. The flavor was really good. I cant wait to try the cakes, other pizzas sandwiches, and cole slaw. Im pretty pumped for the coleslaw. Im just so happy to have an all vegan pizza/sandwich shop here, and I encourage everyone to support it! If youre vegan this is a must try, and if youre not you should check it out for a tasty and familiar introduction to vegan fare.This was hands down the most amazing vegan pizzas I've ever had the delight to taste. The "cheese" was deliciously melted and the mushroom toppings were so flavorful! It was a little on the oily side and I would have preferred less salt, but that's just me being picky. 
The reason I gave Blackbird four stars instead of five is because I found the crust a bit disappointing. It was very hard and burned on the bottom--not doughy as I had expected. Granted, it might be because the pizza was delivered and wasn't exactly fresh out of the oven. Also, the cookies on their dessert platter were rock hard and too sweet. 
Overall, great pizza place, just not so sure about the desserts.With the high ratings, had to try this place!  Glad I did.  Before changing my diet, I use to eat cheese, now that I don't, it was fantastic to have the Soy Cheese and the different toppings that Blackbird puts on their Pizza's.  Crust is fantastic, too.
I want to stop by again and have their Wings, as they are homemade from Seitan.  
Small, intimate place, nice folks, great Vegetarian Pizza.I finally made it out to Blackbird and I was not disappointed at all. This is by far the best vegan wings I've had in Philadelphia. Obviously extremely unhealthy but AMAZING. I highly recommend. We got the spicy sweet and they were incredible. I might go back for more next week! For pizza we got the Haymaker and the Balboa both of which were definitely tasty, but being vegetarian I'm not as excited by vegan cheese. I would definitely recommend to vegans. Be warned that prices aren't as cheap as your normal pizza joint!This is my first time here. Soooo yummy! I had the haymaker slice of pizza with sweet spicy wings. My husband had the seitan cheese steak. Yoooo that was so good too. He let me have a bite. Anyways, I def recommend this place.I recently went vegan for lent.. and have been craving cheese. most soy cheese isn't vegan... and most vegan cheese is gross.. Blackbird uses this daiya cheese that is super gooey and tasty... NICEEEEEEE
We went with the bbq mushroom slice, the pepperoni slice an the cheesesteak. all of which were tasty. I'm not really a fan of BBQ sauce but the cheese helped a ton. everything else was GREAT. I can't wait to go back .. I love how the "cheesesteak" was thinly sliced though. But as previous reviewers stated, the bread was all wrong.This place is the bomb for a Philly cheesesteak!! How awesome that it harms no animals! Yup it's vegan! Kale salad rocked too!!Blackbird was a great find for my husband and I who recently adopted a plant based diet.  We ordered the seitan cheesesteak and the chickpea parm sandwich. The quality of the ingredients in addition to the convincing favors and texture of the sandwiches was incredibly impressive. 
No question, 5 stars!!One of my favorite places in philly. The brunch pizza is amazing. Everything is amazing.This place blows Giana's out of the water. They took what was once a vegan must eat place when passing through Philly and made it great again. Pizza's are just how I like them, rough around the edges. And of course they use Daiya. What really stood out to me was the vegan Philly Cheesesteak which, in my opinion, is the best you can find anywhere. Definitely worth going out of your way for.the bf has been searching for places to check out cause i'm vegetarian/pescatarian. he was the one that insisted we check out this divey place. he had the seitan cheesesteak and i the smoked tofu cubano. I'm a fan! love that there are places like these around the city. even my carnivore bf enjoyed his "cheesesteak". can't wait to try the other items on the menu. even if your not vegan, it's a bet that you'll still like this place.Blackbird Pizzeria is a serious player in the burgeoning Vegan-only scene in Philly. The pizzas are the main offerings on the menu but because this is Philadelphia - there is a non-pizza item on the menu that gets the most buzz - The Vegan Philly Cheesesteak.  Made from seitan and with the fine textured Daiya Vegan cheese from Vancouver, this cheesesteak is very tasty.  No, it doesn't have the exact same taste as a meat-based cheesesteak ... but why would it?  It's still messy good!
The main thing here to make this a five star place is to add a few amenities and condiments for those dining in. For example - have napkins available at the tables (food here is on the messy side.)  In fact add some cutlery options.  Have more hot sauces available than a fairly bland one.  Keep the condiments filled - the one red pepper flakes container was completely empty - and identify them. (I have no idea what a bright yellow powder was.)   Maybe put out a pitcher of water so people can help themselves.  Have the trash/recycle bins in the area where people are eating instead of up front by the front door. Overall, just make everything a little more user friendly.So amazingly good that my wife and I have eaten here every single time we've passed through Philly. Once or twice, we even went out of our way to stop into Philly to eat here! 
Our favorite is the cheesesteak, bar none. The bread tastes perfectly wheaty and is golden brown and crusty -- perhaps overly so since biting in tends to squeeze out the steak? But it fits that a pizzeria would make in-house the best bread I've ever had in a sub. 
They used to have my personal "Best Pizza Ever" spot, but since the powers that be created "NUMU cheese" -- the vegan cheese so good that it may as well be real mozzarella -- that spot has rightfully gone to a certain Brooklyn pizzeria. I wish these guys would carry NUMU, especially since they collaborate with said Brooklyn pizzeria. But Blackbird's specialty pies are still top notch.I am laying off the red meat for a bit, and was ironically visiting Philly for the first time.  Can't go here without having the legendary cheesesteak, right?  So decided to search for vegan cheesesteaks, and found this place- hoping to get the best of both worlds.
Firstly- this place is a mild trek from the train station.  This is a good thing, considering the indulgent meal I was about to have.
Atmosphere:  Quite clean, but a little dark, due to the dim lighting and mahogany wood wainscoting on the walls.  The place had a decent crowd, but it wasn't packed @ all. I don't know if it's usual for a Sunday afternoon, or because it was Memorial Day weekend.
Service:  Meh...here and there.  I placed my order with the cashier (a seitan cheesesteak), quite clearly I assumed, pick a table to sit down while I wait for my order.  About 10 minutes later, the cashier (quite obnoxiously) asks if I was ready to take my order.  I told him, I had already placed it and was just waiting to pay him for it.  He then tells me he didn't hear my order, so it was never placed, and he apologizes.  Since I had time to kill, it wasn't a big deal... but didn't like how obnoxious he was to me when he thought I just sitting around, not placing an order.
My order finally comes (about 15-20 mins later).  Nicely sized sandwich, soft ciabatta roll...blandest sandwich I ever tasted in life. Not even an oversaturation of salt, pepper, hot sauce and ketchup could save this tasteless meal. :\
Vegan cheesesteaks should never be a thing IMO.This was the first time trying vegan pizza and let me tell you it was actually really delicious. I had gone vegan this year for lent and was really missing pizza, especially since my co-workers order it almost every other day it seems. The dough was unique and some of the best I ever had. I opted for the nacho pizza and it was very good. My girlfriend and I went here on a Friday night around 7pm and it was pretty crowded and it took at least a good 20 minutes for fresh pies to come out, which was fine since we weren't in a rush. I would recommend trying this if you aren't vegan, you won't be disappointed. They had some old Danzig albums playing in the background and plenty of colorful people coming in and out, a great experience.Super casual pizza shop with plenty of thin crust pizza options that can be ordered by the slice. The meatless wings were crispy and the texture of the "meat" was surprisingly appetizing. The cheese fries were okay but looking back at the reviews, I should have tried the vegan cheese steak. Vegan or not, it's worth a visit if you are in the area.First time here tonight.  We probably drove around for an hour looking for parking, but it was well worth it.  The place is tiny,so seating is limited. We ordered vegan cheesesteaks, fries,  and vegan wings.  The fries came out first,  and they were really good.  I'm not a huge fan of fries, but these were fresh, some of the skin still on,  not that greasy,good fries. The cheesesteaks.OMG the cheesesteaks.OMG. did I mention.  O.M.G. they were out of this world.  Vegan or not,  that sh*t was freaking good!! I had a mouthgasm.such euphoria from these..everyone needs to go to this joint and try one.  Now.  The wings were so tasty..I've never had real wings to compare it with, but they were thick, juicy, and delicious.  My husband said they were extremely close to the real thing.  We are absolutely  positively going to be going back.  From nj but  it is worth the drive.I had been looking forward to eating here for a while so was unfortunately disappointed when I eventually did. The main reason being the grubbiness of the place. It looks like it needs someone to jet wash the whole place top to bottom - it's just really grotty. From walls to ceiling to sticky, dirty tables. The food itself is not bad - the pizza is nothing special but the wings are tasty.I used to be a huge fan of Blackbird.  I loved their food, the atmosphere, their staff.  Unfortunately, there was an incident that has stopped me from ever eating there again.  My friend and I went in for vegan cheese steaks which are normally delicious.  As I sat down to eat mine, I felt a hair in my mouth. I was disgusted, but put it aside and kept eating.  Then I felt another hair in my mouth.  I looked down and saw several more hairs in my cheese steak.  I should have taken my sandwich back, but I didn't want to embarrass my friend so I just stopped eating. The following day, I still felt gross about what had happened and decided to call and speak to the manager.  I wasn't mean or angry, I simply wanted to tell him what had happened so that it didn't happen again to anyone else.  He was very defensive and hostile with me and said he knew who was cooking that night and that that couldn't have possibly happened. After accusing me of lying, he offered me a free sandwich next time I came in.  I told him I wasn't interested in a free sandwich because I was so grossed out by all the hair in my food the last time I visited that I couldn't eat there again. Between all the hair and the way the manager treated me, I cannot recommend supporting this restaurant which is very disheartening because it used to be one of my favorite vegan spots in Philly.This place is wonderful! I had a calzone, the ricotta was remarkable. When eating pizza, I strive to find vegan options. This place blew me away. However, it was my meat-eating, dairy-loving, boyfriend who was more impressed. This place is a wonderful joint for all.Omg the wings are too die for, never miss the real thing. Fries were good but cold. Cheesesteak was also good, we will try again.Someone here said it was excellent even if you are not Vegan.  Well, I am not Vegan and it is nowhere near as good as a mediocre cheese pizza.  Sorry, but it is still a pale imitation of cheese.  Gummy is what best describes the seitan imitation cheese.  At least it's probably good for you.
It was a real chore to finish my slice.Best vegan philly steak sandwich, there chicken wing is amazing. I also tried the Greek salad, it was good; but definitely try their wings..The Pizza was pretty scrumptious at this place. The set-up is pretty much like any pizzeria, but the art & music is more rock subculture on top of all the food being vegan. Good stuff...I'd recommend stopping by for a bite if you're in the area.It's great to have an establishment like this in the city. It really makes us a unique city to have great vegan spots. The pizza is always delicious and the slices are huge! I've seen a few people write that the pizza is expensive. Well, the methodology kind of implicates that you're not going to get bargain basement prices. The pizza has quality ingredients. If you want cheap, head to a dollar menu filled with all kinds of junk. I highly recommend the root beer BBQ seitan wings. They are amazingly tasty. It does take them a bit of time to make them as most of their items are made to order in a relatively small kitchen area. But again, I'd rather wait a little longer and pay a little more for food that I know is prepared fresh and is made with quality ingredients. I also really appreciate that they participate in the LevelUp program. Well done, guys.Went here again.  I still think their vegan pizza is simply the best you can get; however, a few points.  The girl at the cash register is nasty, she was nasty last time and also this time.  Last time it was not bothersome.  Anyway this time I got the whoopie pie since I was not thrilled with the brownie. After ordering it, I opened it up and noticed that the cream looked green in certain parts.  Parts of the side look white and this is what I saw when I ordered it.  I am not a huge mint fan and so since I had not even touched it, I advised the cashier that I did not know it was mint and asked if I could take another since I had not touched it.  She expressed that I had opened it to the air and therefore could not take another (by this logic the pizza is inedible since it is also exposed to air).  I pointed out that it looked like vanilla from certain angles and she said that the bakery they get it from is not consistent. The other whoopie pies clearly had green cream.  Okay then put a label on the pies if that is the case.  I ordered a tofu cubano to go. They neglected to press the sandwich.  Upon taking a bite in the car, the pepperoni was completely cold.  The rest was hot but it should have been pressed.  The bread for the sandwiches is also completely mediocre in my opinion. I brought it back in and was likely still pissed off by the whole whoopie pie issue.  The cashier said that she would take it back and remake it but exclaimed that the sandwich was room temperature not cold.  Okay well some of the ingredients were ice cold and it was not pressed.  The customer is supposed to be right, isn't that like customer service 101? Since I had a particularly dreadful week with my daughter being at CHOP all week, I just left in a huff and left the sandwich and whoopie pie on the counter.  
Anyway, I just wanted to leave but my husband went in and got it remade.  Apparently the guy checked my sandwich and agreed it was not hot but room temperature since it had not been pressed like it should have been.  The sandwich was okay, not great.  There was an uneven amount of fillings and the pickles threw off the sandwich in my opinion.  I understand most cubans have pickles and I actually like pickles.
The point is that the sandwich kind of sucked and was not worth the calories. Plus I took off the pickles and still did not think it was great. I would not recommend this sandwich.  I liked the filling of the cheesesteak but do not think the bread is quite up to par.  I actually ended up eating the whoopie pie anyway and it was quite good even though I much prefer vanilla to mint.  This was way better than the brownie in my opinion.
Would I go back?  I don't know.  The guys behind the counters are very nice; it is the one girl is nasty.  I would have to reserve on this question.  If I was in the mood for vegan pizza I would probably order the haystack sans daiya.I'm not a vegatarian/vegan but I do like to order out from "healthier" places. I actually found this awesome place by looking through Yelp so I decided to return the favor and write a revew...
So. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. The food is delicious! I ordered the eggplant grinder, butternut squash soap (a daily special), and side salad. The grinder was extremely flavorful and blew my expectations out of the water. The soup also had a great flavor to it and good texture (not too thick/runny). The side salad was fairly basic with red onions but even so, you could tell the ingredients were fresh and good quality. In fact, for the quality (and quantity) of the food, the prices are extremely reasonable. I will definitely be ordering from this place again VERY soon!! Great find!I knew it was vegan friendly and all that jazz but didn't realize that it was completely like that-- as in the menu has no animal products what so ever. Enjoyed the balboa specialty pizza which was delicious. The root beer bbq 'wings' were good and didn't realize it was seitan until three pieces in. The crust of pizza was really chewy which I liked, but thin. Would love to eat it again!Great place for food! I wasn't sure exactly what the seiton stuff was (its a gluten-based product) which is what the wings are made of.  Since its vegan, there was a cheese substitute on the pizza which was surprisingly cheese-like.  I was with three friends and we got the funghi pizza which had mushrooms and truffle oil and was great! Definitely a great pick for South street.  
Great place for friends and would definitely come back.  Awesome and nice staff.  You order at the counter and get it served to you at your table.The Pizza Patate is to DIE for.  I made one when I got home using the Lahey method and while excellent, it could not compare to Blackbird's.  Loved the Cubano, and the crazy monster cookies at the register, and the staff.  I never do this, but I bought a t-shirt!I had read an article about this restaurant and was really looking forward to trying it. Today I stopped by for a late lunch. I am glad to say they sell slices of pizza as well as whole pies, along with Vegan Sandwiches, salads, Calzones and yes, Vegan Wings. So, didn't know what to try today. I decided to try slices of pizza. So many to choose from. I had Veggie Supreme- yummy and the haymaker-pretty yummy. I love the zesty sauce, and actually liked the vegan cheese (daiya). I look forward n returning to try some of the sandwiches. The Seitan cheesesteak looked delicious as did the tempeh chili.I give it four stars because, the tables needed cleaning. Employees very nice. I shall return!!I started writing reviews for my favorites only. cause everyone has a different point of view and there are just so many complainers. u know what I am talking about ;)
but this specific restaurant and the good reviews kind of bothers me. 
food - max 2 stars (we love vegan food, btw, but the 2 pizzas we tried are far from what we hoped for or even expected based on the reviews)
service - 1 star (no hello, no support, no whatsoever)
interior - 0 stars (plastic plates and cutlery?!)
to me this is clearly a restaurant that took advantage of the hip vegan trend. 
yeah well vegan is not a trend anymore and people are so much more aware about what they eat and the impact of their food...well prepared and preferably not on plastic plates 
there are so many other welcoming and delicious alternatives in philly. most of them even run by the same guys. better settle for one of those.This place was a great find on a trip to Philly and I definitely recommend it! We went both days in town and had: pizza including the haymaker and two other kinds which I can't remember because I wanted to try them all and have no idea which ones we actually decided on, the chickpea "tuna" wrap, seitan cheesesteak, the cubano, the kitchen sink cookie, and the chocolate coffee cookie. All of the above food was awesome and can't wait to try and recreate this dishes at home until our next return. 
The staff and service were great too!The vegan cheesesteak will blow your mind. I stopped eating real cheesesteaks about two years ago and if I had know about this place I would have stopped long before. 
Everything about the cheesesteak is authentic. The bread, vegan whiz, and seitan are spot on.Not a vegan, but the pizza was still one of the best I have ever had. The portobellos on the pizza I still have dreams about. I will definitely stop here every time I am in Philly.By far the best vegan pizza shop I've been to and I've tried them all over the US. If you opened up a location in Portland you'd be busy non-stop!
Keep up the good work!!For an omnivore, I was shocked at how good our chicken wings were. The calzone was also delicious.The cheesiest best vegan version of pizza I've ever had. I also got the cheese fries and Philly cheesesteak. I was impressed with how flavorful everything was. My mom couldn't believe that no actual cheese was involved! Only downside of this place is I would say is that it's a little slow and they brought out all of the items separately. Other than that, if you're in the area I would definitely try it out.They've since switched to Caviar from Grubhub. Delivery fees are higher ($5 to Chinatown? Ouch) the wait time are much more reasonable. Can't wait for the nolibs location!From the homemade Satan' to the best vegan pizza I've ever had, this place is the sh*t! I had the sweet spicy wings and a slice of Philly pizza and it was so good. Since the Satan and everything Is made with kosher and the finest vegan ingredients, its light on the stomach. We went on a Sunday, no line and it was chill. These guys are killing it! Enjoy some really good food and good prices and quality! I wish we had this in Cali! Cheers to a great vegan food find!I cannot believe this was all vegan food. The root beer bbq wings should win awards and be sold everywhere. Most amazing wings ever and I couldn't believe it wasn't really meat. The marshmallow cookie was gooey and just melts in your mouth.  This place was so incredible and I can't wait to come back.Blackbird is one of my favorite vegan spots in Philadelphia (actually, anywhere).  The staff is always super nice and they are all very accommodating to my soy and nut allergies.  As a vegan with severe allergies it's nice to have SO many options at a restaurant and every single time I order in or takeout my food is great and the quality is consistent!!! I hope one day the cheese sauce goes soy free because I'm jealous of everyone around me eating it, but I love this place and love the staff.  Also, if you mix the blueberry soda with a little of the orange it's amazing.My review would be higher if the prices were more affordable. And no, I don't mean adding smaller pizzas to the menu for lower prices, which Blackbird has done.
Another thing they recently did was take the best pizza ever off of the menu, the BBQ. So annoyed about that. Also, why accept Square payments but never allow customers to use it because it's "broken."
I mean, it IS the best vegan pizza in Philadelphia, which I guess I should be happy about, but I'll stick to making my own pizza for 10% of the price of this place. I can't see paying gourmet pizza prices for a restaurant that looks so grimy.I'm not vegan, so I'm not comparing the food to other vegan fare that I've had... 'cause I don't think I've had any...
Just as regular ol' food, that tastes good and fills you up, I'm a fan of Blackbird. The shredded "cheese" has a really cool flavor and stays gooey and doesn't congeal right away as the slice cools down. Plus, as my hubby pointed out, it's not really greasy like regular pizza cheese. I preferred it to the "mozzarella", which I still didn't mind the flavor just wasn't as great. The tomato sauce tastes really fresh, and the toppings have been tasty. But the dough of the pizza is the best part good; crunchy but with a really doughy crust. Added bonus: if you're like me you'll get the Beatles song stuck in your head every time.
Oh and PS I remember when this was a water ice place that my mom would give us 50 cents for when she'd pick us up after playing in Starr Garden = I'm old!very sad to say - this shit stanks
i only had the chicken parm but seitan is a horrible chicken substitute. use soy next time, losers!Oof. I'm afraid I'm going to have to be brutal here... If you've seen my other pizza reviews, you know that I grew up eating the good stuff in New York. Vegan or not, if you call yourself a pizzeria, you had better serve up the goods.
That said, Blackbird's pizza didn't deliver. We had a mushroom slice and a pepperoni slice. The toppings were good, even the vegan pepperoni. The vegan cheese? Fail. The sauce? I'm not sure it was even there - fail. The crust? Not memorable.
To get a spattering of Blackbird's offerings, we also ordered the cheese steak. The only vegetarian (also available as vegan) cheese steak I had before was at Govinda's. Time to see what the competition was like. 
Result? Disappointed. Our sandwich might have been more divided than the the US during the Civil War. Half had the shredded seitan and cheese, the other half had the onions and mushrooms. The seitan and cheese was good, and the mushrooms and onions were good, but if you're going to serve a sandwich, be sure that both halves have a good proportion of the ingredients. 
All in all, I can't say I'd make my way back to Blackbird again, unless I was entertaining some vegan friends who really wanted to try vegan pizza.Ok.  This might be the best pizza I've had ever.  Vegan or otherwise.  Pretty pricey but when you're talking about getting another slice on South Street (2.50-3 dollars) it's only slightly more so.The pizza is in a class of its own.  I had the mushroom with "cheese" and another one called the Haymaker.  Both were exceptional.  The cheese was addicting and the crust was nicely crusted on the outside and softer towards the center, with a thin body.  
If you have experience with cooking with mushrooms then you know when they have been done right and let me tell you these babies were perfect and filled with flavor.  
Just talking about it makes we want to go back for more...So we are new to having a milk sensitivity in the family and thus have been trying a bunch of vegan places.  This place was pretty great.  We had missed having pizza and there are some tremendous options here. 
As to the pizza let me first talk about the crust.  Excellent and cooked to perfection with just the right amount of crispiness.  We had the haymaker pizza and if I went back I think I would try something different.  I'm not so crazy about the "fake" "cheese" but the sausage substitute fooled me.  We also had the caesar salad which was tasty.  The artichokes were a nice touch and I found myself wondering why I had not seen that in a Caesar salad before.  We also tried two desserts, both of which were good.  I would recommend the double fudge brownie.
Definitely a mixed crowd with everything from families to skaters.  That is part of the charm along with the alternative music.  We'll be back for sure.Was in Philly from Los Angeles. I'm a vegetarian and was stoked when I found this vegan spot. I could finally satisfy a craving for a great version of a Philly Cheesesteak. Excellent flavor. Rounded off with a side of Honey BBQ wings - unbelievably great!The pizza is sooooo good. I love the crust! I don't normally spend this kind of money on pizza but for this place I will make an exception. The slices are huge. Only downside for me is that I have to go pick it up because they don't deliver to my neighborhood. I totally understand though...the delivery dude is on a bike which is a nice touch!Super delicious pizza and sandwiches. I really wish they played different music or at list lowered the volume. Food is awesome though!My friend and I came here because we wanted pizza and honestly this is the first place we saw so we can came here. We didn't even realize it was vegan until after we ordered. I don't eat meat a lot and I hate fake meat but this place was delicious! I had the Funghi pizza and the Haymaker pizza and both were great but the Haymaker... I could live off of. We also shared the Root Beer BBQ Wings which were great and the sauce on those were AMAZING. Service was friendly and not much to else other than that but even if you are not vegan, come here! You should try it because it tastes EXACTLY like the real thing.I'm still dreaming of their sandwiches and pizza. I live in San Francisco, where you'd think we would have comparable vegan options (and there is some really good vegan food), but nothing like their menu. You could tell their front and back of house staff really cared about the food they were making. Blackbird Pizzeria, open in San Francisco soon?!?!?!I was so excited to have a vegan cheesesteak. Too bad it sucked. So many great reviews. what were they thinking?
I have had a great vegan cheesesteak in Phoenix, so I know what one tastes like.
FYI they're pizza is thin and tasteless too
And it feels real dirty in there.
and they take forever to get your order together.
Only one person was in front of me, and I'd placed the order over 20 minutes ago for pick up
sheeshI've been here several times, but the addition of the Chickpea Parmesan sub inspired me to write a review. While I enjoy the seitan cheesesteak (and, for what it's worth, I know many non-vegans who think very highly of it as well), I just ordered the Chickpea Parmesan for the first time and really, really, really liked it. It's a chickpea patty that is flavored to perfection! The sauce and cheese are very tasty as well. This is a winner of a sandwich. 
Regarding other items, the fried capers in the caesar salad mix perfectly with the artichokes and the antipasti salad is really good as well.
Still, if you're going to order one thing, make it the new chickpea parm...!Absolutely love this place. Have to resist ordering take out every night. The Veggie Supreme pizza is the best thing to exist on this planet. If I could marry a pizza, it would be from Blackbird.Good pizza.  Excellent fries.  My fussy son said he liked the pizza and I was worried because its made with vegan cheese.  They ran out of rolls so we couldn't try the cheesesteak.  I had the Yukon pizza which was made with garlicky sliced potatoes and no sauce.  it was very good and filling.  its one of the few kosher restaurants in philly.  I give it four stars.I went to philly yesterday and took a look at several vegan restaurants but this was by far the best. I ordered 5 of the vegan cheese steaks and they where phenomenal if you are in the area I would definitely stop by. I also took a gander at the neighboring shop I was not disappointed bye their donuts either. Definitely a 5 star.Sigh. Okay, I wanted to LOVE blackbird. We came all the way from Virginia but... it was just okay. 
Let's start with the good. The pizza crust is amazing. Being from the Bronx, I'm used to good pizza but haven't found that crisp delicious NY crust since going vegan, years ago. Blackbird got the crust right. We got a regular cheese and a pepperoni. 
The cheese is daiya cheese. It's cool. Not bad, but I would've hoped for homemade considering it is a vegan pizzeria but overall the pizza was good. 
I got the root beer BBQ seitan wings (2 orders because I heard so much hype). Sigh a waste of $18. The BBQ sauce doesn't taste like root beer at all, which was extremely disappointing. I LOVE ROOT BEER! As a chef, if you tell me I'm getting root beer BBQ, I expect to taste root beer. The seitan wings were strangely textured. They came in odd long strips and were so hard with some fatty pieces. The texture reminded me of sauce tossed chicharrones with a hint of jerky ( lol what the hell). Nothing like "wings", at all. I would've preferred smaller bites that were chewable and nicely sauced. But hey... 
Next, I got a cheesesteak (we got two) because well.... I graduated from culinary school in philly and lived in philly and I mean, how could I leave without a cheesesteak. Eh Blackbirds rosemary and garlic shaved seitan is tasty, don't get me wrong. But, man they used the stablest amoroso's rolls possible (if they used that brand, which I would expect). The bread was so tough, we were ripping the sandwich from our mouths just to take a bite. They were more French baguette, less hoagie. My husband said the cheese sauce was watery and he felt the sandwich tasted a little off, maybe even sour. I told him it was the rosemary lol. It's a little strange for a cheesesteak and considering the "wiz" it was an overall pretty dry sandwich. It would've made sense to throw some daiya cheese in, as sandwiches are where daiya works best. I think if the rolls were fresher, there was more "cheese sauce" or daiya and maybe some vegan mayo and some of that zesty "root beer BBQ" it would've been amazing. We drove to New York after leaving black bird and had Champ's Diner's vegan cheesesteak (made with blackbird seitan) and it was AMAZING. Perfectly done. Perfect. Hoping blackbird takes some notes from champs and does Philly right. They deserve it. 
Fries were cool. Fried potatoes. Peppery. A little greasy, but what's not to like?
Lastly, we got the kitchen sink cookie. It was delicious. Very good. 
Staff was cool, customer service was great. They were friendly and accommodating. 
The bathroom was clean. The toilet is so low lol but it's all good. 
That's that. Enjoy. We came on a Friday night, for reference. 
PeaceThe best most tasty out of this vegan world wings cheesestake  and cheese fries ever .   And welcome back to the glorious 90's vibe.    One of the most fun places to eat this kind of fun food.  Thank God for Blackbird makes vegan life extra sweet and super cool !!The pizza used to be amazing, but there seems to be no consistency... Except for the cashier being ignorant. I have had the cashier put my credit card on the counter numerous times, while I'm holding my ha decidido out to receive it back. Every time I politely ask them to pick it up and place it in my hand.... And every time they act like I'm the one who is wrong. This is FIRST DAY ON THE JOB stuff that you learn... Do not put the customers change or card on the counter. This last time I asked the guy why do I have to ask them to hand me my card every time. He made some smart comment in a false polite tone and just walked away. I picked my card up and left the damn pizza in the oven. I am done with this place. I have introduced this place to dozens of people and this is the way they treat repeat customers? Not anymore. They need to respect people and their money. Now I have to find somewhere else to get vegan pizza...Sooo I've been a vegetarian for decades and so there are a ton of meaty foods I've never tried but am intrigued by. No clue what they're supposed to taste like but am always curious/up to try. Ordered the Haymaker pizza and two types of wings (Habanero Buffalo and Spicy Sweet). The pizza was meh. I'm sure someone else would love it but as a NY transplant, I'm particular about my pizza...and not a fan of thin crust pizza. This whole pizza was thin. No clue what wings are supposed to taste like but these were interesting. LOL I can normally handle spice, but the habanero had me tearing and snotting, and fearful of the burn on exit! Both tasty but spicy sweet a lot more enjoyable. Ordered to go although there were a few seats in house. Would be willing to try a sandwich.Awesome vegan mushroom pizza!!!!  Hip, family atmosphere. Everyone here adores the lemon water...full slices of lemon.The food is good, so good I traveled from DC to have it. I got the buffalo (habanero) wings, Philly cheese steak and haymaker pizza, all very tasty. The problem was the service. The petite short haired woman who was working the register and who brought us our pizza slid it onto the table so that half the pizza was on the bare table. It was an accident, but the problem came when she did not try to fix it but actually ran away, yup she ran away. We thought she would come back to replace the food she poured onto the table. But she never returned. We had to ask for another pizza (and they brought it to us), but it would have been nice if she had acknowledged her mistake and actually tried to fix it instead of making the customer rectify the situation.I had a long morning that involved sitting in a bus from New York to Philadelphia. I had not yet had coffee. I wasn't bitter, but just feeling MEh. Then we took an Uber Pool. And I hated it. I'm 32 years old sharing an already cheap service with other cheap people. It's like a hostel in a car. I digress. Then came blackbird. The first thing that caught my attention was the bottomless coffee. Yes please. But this wasn't your typical iHop bottomless coffee. This stuff was legit. And they pour it in small glasses, so that you can continue to drink it hot. Morning was immediately better. Then comes the food. Shakshuka was great! French Toast melted my heart, and the biscuits and grave had this amazing seasoning that I've never experienced before. Oh and the service was awesome. Always a full glass of water and coffee. And friendly service. Which was also a change from New York. And tip is included in the bill. Gotta love millenials.Actually went here, not just got delivery. There was one really great slice I had, now I'm forgetting the name of it. So they do have some good slices, but these vegan pizza slices are still a little iffy for me.Some of the best pizza in the city.  The crust is top-notch and the 'cheese' on the pizzas takes some getting used to but the flavor and mouthfeel actually work well with the other ingredients  The combinations are unusual, but they work, too. The salads are always fresh and huge and made from top quality ingredients; the mushroom salad is an incredible bargain.  The chili is terrific, the chickpea 'tuna' sandwich is delicious, the blackout cookies are unusual but delicious and addictive...we are just vegan-curious but Blackbird has become one of our go-to spots for creative, top quality, delicious, fairly-priced food in the Society Hill/QV/Wash West/South Street area.  My only quibble with Blackbird - the ambiance could use some work.  Different lighting would help.I'm a NYer but this Philadelphia Vegan Pizzeria may be my favorite restaurant in the entire world!Ok. Comparisons to Gianna's Grill may be inappropriate since these two establishments are unrelated except for the location. But i really missed Gianna's when they closed. It was a place where vegans, vegetarians, and their omnivorous friends could all come together and eat slices of pizza and tasty grilled sandwiches. It was a normal pizza joint that had vegan options for everything on the menu. And it was a gem. 
Unfortunately, Blackbird doesn't serve that same purpose. They have tasty vegan pizza and sandwiches and desserts. And thats a good thing for people who are vegan or like vegan food. I like meatless meals and fake cheese as much as the next omnivore, but i have to say, unless i were entertaining a vegan, i don't think i would choose to go back again. 
I want to give them all 5 stars for opening a completely vegan (and kosher) restaurant. i know there aren't a lot of those around. But, for me, its just not all that wonderful.Slice of Haymaker and a large Dr. Becker- perfect Sunday afternoon date.Our go-to vegan junk-foodery. I say that with the utmost flattery. Pizza and cheesesteaks, vegan or otherwise, aren't exactly healthfoods. BUT, they do have soups and salads that are great. Your family who thinks youre bizarre for not eating cheese won't know this pizza isn't the "real" deal. I tricked my own! Yummy vegan desserts, great drink selection, and always friendly behind the counter.the food is pretty great. my only complaints about it would be that the bread isn't the softest and they got rid of the bbq sandwich.
the main reason for the 2 star rating is the service. unfortunately, blackbird is becoming more and more like govinda's and if you are a philadelphia vegan, you know that isn't something to be proud of. 
it can take up to an hour to get your food and some nights, they don't have slices out at all.The self-entitled "we-are-better-than-you" pseudo-punk hipster-types who run this jawn definitely left a bad taste in my mouth, with crummy service to boot. Sad to be a vegan, so I felt upon exiting into the street whilst wondering why I just paid for something I could have done better at home with little effort. Meh.The food is AMAZING but the service is terrible. I am vegan and love going to vegan restaurants so of course I come here to eat. The food is so good that I think about it on a weekly basis. The service though... IT'S JUST TERRIBLE! I am talking about the cashiers not the cooks. The cashiers have NEVER greeted me, they make you feel like you are bothering them. It's truly disappointing. You would think they'd love working in a vegan spot that is such a hit here in Philly, but nope. They look miserable.Definitely will try this again, and the food isn't really that bad but...
Well we ordered a half veggie, half margherita pizza, they said it'd be there in half an hour, it took an hour. Not so bad except the pizza wasn't very hot and the top of the pizza was squashed against the box. But ok I can deal, except instead of veggie they gave us half plain.
The plain was actually really good though, but still messing up orders like that? The margherita was ok, except that the fake mozarella was kind of disgusting. If they could fix that it'd be delicious. The crust was really nice though.
Next time I think I might order there because they did a really poor job with delivery. 
And I'll definitely try something other than the margherita.Ridiculously good vegan "cheese steak". Can easily go up against Geno's, Pat's, Tony Luke's, you name it... this thing is a dripping mess with more flavor than the 'real' thing. Will absolutely be back!Pretty bummed I was always a fan of Blackbird until this year but spotty service and some really crumby pizzas have made me sure I'll never order from or patronize Blackbird again.Really great tasting cheesesteak. The fries are also really good. They have a decent amount of pizza options for the vegans out there. A friend ate the potato slice...no cheese at all. Looked pretty good and he seemed to enjoy it, for a non-vegan.
Only thing is i wish they had more options for non-pizza stuff. The menu is pretty slim pickins.
+1 star for virgils colaAfter a day spent commuting from NYC and exploring the greater Philly area, my homie and i needed some good grub to re-energize us. i definitely had high expectations for this spot after researching where i could get the best Philly cheesesteak. 
First the good:
The cheesesteak did not disappoint. Once i put some hot sauce on that joint, it was all the way turnt up! Flavorful, on good bread, and with just enough heartiness to quell the hunger pangs i had been feeling.
Now the bad:
My homegirl ordered the seitan parm, and that's where we had to side-eye the whole operation. First, the bread on that parm sandwich is wayyyyy too diesel! How can the bread for the chicken parm be more brolic than the bread for the cheesesteak? Nahhh...something was all the way wrong. Then, the seitan in the parm was mad thick as well! My homie and i effectively had to eat the seitan separate from the bread cuz each full bite of "meat" plus bread might have broken our jaws off. Not cool. 
Overall, Blackbird seems like an okay spot to get your vegan fix, but there are a few culinary execution errors that can easily be fixed.Why are all vegan places in philly Aholes??? They should block off the kitchen because i waited 35 min for a sandwhich while I watched the 3 cooks clown around while eating everyones fries with their bare hands. They didn't even start my order for 25 min. If it weren't for the fact i was picking up food for my family at the hospital I would have walked out. I had a fake cheesesteak. It was horrible. Govinda taste much better but they are just as nasty and arrogant to the customers, The owner or manager watched the circus and the orders back up and he joined in with the clowns. If you go there don't watch them cook your food you will get sick as I did. Its a shame the market is there but they take their customers for granted and don't have the facilities to handle the crowd.An unassuming, no frills corner pizza joint that's...(wait for it)...VEGAN??!!
Could you scream HIPSTER any louder?
Didn't think so.
All joking aside, Blackbird serves up some MEAN vegan slices. Today I went for a south philly - very generous portion & the seitan sausage/broccoli rabe/fennel/eggplant topping combo was to die for. 
Unfortunately, there's just one component I can't seem to come to terms with: the cheese. I YEARN for the nutty, savory, pungent flavor of some plain ol' 100% dairy CHEESE. (sigh). I apologize, veganism, daiya just isn't cutting it.
They also carry Dry Sodas including intriguing flavors such as lavender, juniper berry, blood orange, cucumber and rhubarb. Oh, and don't forget dessert (from vegan treats): GIANT whoopie pies, a variety of artfully crafted cupcakes and iced brownies. 
PS: they accept payment via LevelUp (PLUS a $3 credit - aka one whoopie pie on the house, please). I'll definitely be back.Five years of veganism and multiple visits to black bird; my recent "eat in"visit on 10/25/14 screams OMG, What happened to Black Bird? 
This place is dirty with loud obnoxious music and the staff are unprofessional, unkempt and appear to hate working while displaying absolutely no customer service. For example, I had to clean the table myself and one of the cook's  pants were ripped near the crotch (noticed this after ordering and consuming the food); Very unappetizing! I do not want my food prepared by someone who looks like they don't bathe or with long beards.  The blonde female behind the counter rolls her eyes when approached (like why are there to answer menu questions or to be off putting to customers)?
Okay so far we have awful decorum, grit & terrible customer service.  The food was equally as unappealing.  The small cheese pizza was overcooked to the point of black crust.  Why would you serve completely black crust? The burnt bottom of the pizza had burnt remnants; like seriously clean the pizza oven.  The Dirty tables, chairs and floor it's now to safe to assume the kitchen area is just as nasty.
We also ordered a calzone, habanero wings, a  Cubano & side of chickpea.  I do not recommend the calzone but the Cubano is very good. My husband had the wings and chickpea and he said both were very tasty. However, he became ill on the ride home with an upset stomach.  
Black Bird's dining area, the cooks, rest room and sink area all need a deep cleaning and maybe a visit from Gordon Ramsey for a rescue before I ever entertain a return trip.  This is really terrible as there are not many vegan friendly eateries with cleanliness and customer service adjustments black bird has the makings of the perfect vegan eatery.Strolled into Blackbird Pizzeria just before closing on a Friday night and got the last slice of pizza, literally.  Turned out to be a Popeye slice of pizza for only a few bucks and nice vegetarian pizza with spinach, olives, and mushrooms.   Wish I could have tried some of their other types of pizza.We are in town for Philly Marathon and OH MY GOODNESS what a perfect place to fuel post race!!! Their pizzas are amazing, but the wings, the wings, the wings!!! You HAVE to go there if you are ever in town. Please come open one in Atlanta. The atmosphere is cozy and the price is very affordable.The best vegan pizza on the planet. Their seitan wings and sandwiches are goddamn amazing. Any time I am in the area I have to stop at black bird as this is my favorite casual spot I know of, no exaggeration. Decor isn't anything amazing, but whatever. The food speaks for it's self.Best. vegan. "wings". EVER!!! I could probably live off their sweet spicy wings and fries to be honest.I had a lot of food at Blackbird.  I remember eating in this restaurant years ago before it was Blackbird, and it was another pizza joint that also served vegan slices.  Blackbird is much, much, MUCH better.  First of all, they sell vegan cheesesteaks that not only DON'T suck, but are downright delicious.  I haven't been a lifelong vegan so I remember what cheesesteak tastes like.  Some of them were pretty gross, others were pretty good.  The Blackbird version ranks up in my top 3, so please try it out.  It's made of seitan, so that's not good for the celiac crowd, but for everyone else it's heaven.  Their rolls are awesome...good rolls are so important to a good sandwich.
They use Daiya cheese, which is probably the best vegan cheese out there.  It actually melts and stretches but it isn't for everyone.  If you don't like it, that's cool because they do have pizzas that don't have the cheese on it (try the Yukon gold potato pizza!)
This isn't healthy food by any means but it's delicious without bogging you down with grease.  My family and I had a South Philly pizza, which was topped with seitan sausage, fennel and other veggies.  It was great!  Their slices are HUGE so you get a lot of bang for your buck but if you aren't that hungry, be warned!
I also ordered an antipasti salad and it was fantastic.  I loved the buffalo tofu mozzarella and seitan pepperoni slices!  Very creative and tasty.  They carry some pretty awesome sodas, too.  I'll be back as soon as I can.Philly cheesesteaks: excellent.  Pizza: excellent, with no funny aftertaste -- the best I've had. Fries: OK, it took them a very long time to make them, so ask first.  Garlic bread: not worth it.  This is a very casual place pizza/sandwich shop that is very worthwhile for the cheesesteaks and pizza.I'm not vegan, my other half is. For you non-vegans, the pizza is on par with any other. Vegans make up for texture with more intense flavor. Definitely add toppings. 
The crust, truly exceptional.  Sauce, slightly tart but not off-putting.  The cheese... this is where vegan tries to emulate the real thing. You are really eating soy. The texture just isn't cheese, nore the flavor.  Despite this alteration,  it's acceptable.  It does get caught in your teeth. Gooey. They use top grade vegan cheese for melting, daiya.
Bathroom is vegan too. Premium recycled paper.  Only one bathroom and sink is in halway. Eco friendly soap. Clean joint.  Metal music?Great little place, for some reason I was expecting a larger venue but this was fine, and reasonable for a downtown location. We were in here around 6 last Sunday for dinner and enjoyed the habanero chicken wings -- spicy, crunchy, and tasty. 
The Philly Cheesesteak was really what I came for, though. A visit to Philly could not be complete without one, especially for this vegan. WOW. Their seitan is very well-seasoned, shredded to perfection, sauteed with onions and some mushrooms, and they melt the daiya cheese phenomenally. I've never enjoyed daiya like this before (normally it isn't melted, I only like it in a sauce melted down) so I was reluctant but soon enjoyed it. They make their seitan IN-HOUSE (who does this?! probably one of ten places on the entire east coast) and I could not be more impressed. The staff, two beautiful ladies, were attentive and helpful.
My reservations lie in their system (the iPad register was not especially swift) and that their food took 15-20 minutes. This was even before the crowd arrived after 630. It is awesome to see an all-veg place fill up on a Sunday, yet I'm sure some people waited half an hour for food...this needs to be remedied for a casual restaurant to continue to appeal to omnivores. I'll be back to try an inventive sandwich soon.Wow, this place is amazing!!!  The pizza is better than cheese/meat pizza by far, and much cleaner and healthier, and no animals need to suffer for your enjoyment! Very impressed!Im not even Vegan, and the food is great! Gotta try the Ginger Beer there!!!Ever since I tried raw vegan food in Chicago, I've been scarred. But, one of my friends asked me to come with her here so I decided to give this place a shot. She got the cheesecake and I got a slice of  the Funghi..... WOW.... the cheese on the Funghi was better than normal cheese and trust me... i love my cheese. Her cheesesteak was also really good.
I will def be back!I had the Philly cheesesteak and it was the best I've ever had. We have one place that makes vegan cheesesteak here in Baltimore, but it's completely different. I want to go back to this place every time I'm in Philly now.I'm only giving two stars instead of one because the driver was very apologetic. I placed an order for three simple things: mozzarella sticks (which is really all I wanted), jalapeo poppers and breaded mushrooms. In my order I said I wanted "lots of ranch on the side". An hour later when it was supposed to have been delivered I got a call saying they were out of mozzarella sticks! They gave me a list of things I could replace it with and I chose broccoli bites. I was then asked how many sides of ranch I'd like and that it would be $1.60 for each one. Wtf?! $1.60?! Whatever. I said I'd like three. Then I got another call 45 minutes later saying they were closing and to come pick up my order. I was like ummmm, it was for delivery. She argued with me a bit on that thinking I had ordered carry out, but eventually said she'd send a driver but she'd have to charge me an additional $3 in delivery fee. Okay fine, I just want my food. Twenty minutes later the driver arrived and I asked him if he would mind if I checked the contents of the bag before he left. He was very cooperative. I checked the bag,  NO RANCH. Why bother asking me how many I want and charging a ridiculous price of you're not even going to give it to me? I still tipped the driver handsomely because it wasn't his fault and he was so apologetic,  but I will never pay $40 for what I didn't order ever again. I can't say what I'd like to say about this place because I'm a lady but it rhymes with ho buck yourself (there isn't really anything that rhymes with "yourself").My boyfriend and I had dinner here one night last week. We tried three different pizzas, the haymaker, balboa, and brunchbird, the chicken parmesan sandwich, a cheesesteak, root beer bbq wings, and an order of cheese fries.
The pizzas were very good, and the seitan sausage on the haymaker and balboa slices was especially good. Both sandwiches had lots of meat in them, and we're very well seasoned. The cheese fries and wings were also delicious and possibly the best part of the meal.
We also tried several of the baked goods which were all quite good as well.
We ordered way too much food for two people, but we were provided with several take out containers and they reheated nicely, and we had enough for a second meal.Excellent food!  I had the Seitan Cheesesteak and thought it was fantastic.   The Cuban sandwich that my wife ate was good as well - I had to sample it!  The fries we ordered were very good and it was a large enough serving to share with someone else.  I wish I was in Philly a bit longer to sample more of their food!Incredible vegan pizzeria! The seitan cheesesteak and chicken park are delicious hot sandwiches. Staff is super friendly and restaurant is clean and inviting. Definitely recommend to those with dairy allergies!We ordered this and wanted to throw it out.  Maybe it was an off night, maybe they didn't have their act together yet.  I won't go on, but this is the worst review I've ever given.I'm not a vegetarian. The menu seemed on par with what the average pizza place serves with pizza, salads, sammies and wings. The idea of vegan wings seemed super interesting, so we ended up ordering two orders of them. Overall, the wings were pretty good and the sauces were tasty. It was definitely an interesting experience. My one complaint is that they were more expensive than what I'd normally pay for wings. However, I'm glad I tried them. 
The staff was nice and the atmosphere is welcoming. I love the punk/grunge playlist they were playing. It's a really positive, inclusive environment. 
Regardless of diet, it's a place worth checking out if you're in the area and looking for something different..I've eaten here dozens of times. It's good. But they been slippin lately. And DO NOT order delivery. They use caviar, who I've had several problems with. So maybe it's their fault, but either way, don't get delivery. They gave us soggy, unsalted fries with no accompanying salt or condiments. The pizza dough and cubano roll were tough enough to render both inedible. When we complained, blackbird blamed caviar, and said they could do nothing. Caviar also denied responsibility, and offered no recompense.I'm pretty impressed with what the new owners did to the old space (Sorry but Gianni's was a DUMP!) 
The pizza was delicious. I had the potato and rosemary and also tried the barbecue seitan with mushrooms. 
Decorations are simple. The staff is waaaay friendlier than the ol' joint it used to be. Def will go back.I love their food, I really do. But 2+ hour wait times on delivery to less than a mile away? Ridiculous. If I order for pickup, it's ready in under 20 minutes. Why does it take so long to shuttle a sandwich down the street?The successor to Giana's has taken Vegan Pizzeria and Sandwich joint to a new level.
All food tried over three visits has been excellent.
Yes it is a pricey, but come on, for food this unique and done so nicely for Vegans, it is worth the extra few $$.Finally made it into try this vegan pizza. We ordered some slices from the pies that were sitting out. We also ordered the habanero wings. They came w a cucumbery sauce that was delightful. The pizza was good. Nice chewy crust. We got the plain marinara, balboa, patate & the haymaker. Our fave was def the haymaker. The rest were also good but something about the haymaker was really special. I wish the staff who cooked would cover their giant fuzzy beards though.I was so hungry by the time we got here that I would have cast aside any quibbles, but oh my, pizza and subs and slaw -- and no questions or negotiating necessary!  The vibe is non-fancy anti-bougie all the way, so it won't appeal to the Starbucks crowd.  However, Blackbird is significantly cleaned up compared to Gianna's, its former incarnation.
We had the rosemary potato pizza (chip-thin crispy slices of potato) and a Daiya cheese/seitan pepperoni one.  Slices are large (all under $4), and one can provide lunch for an individual who is not overly gluttonous.  That did not stop me from grabbing a Vegan Treats whoopie pie, after I found out the fluffy filling was peanut butter -- it tasted very similar to the Peanut Butter Bomb, which I long for on a weekly basis.  We had planned to take it home, but oh well, in this weather?  Might as well finish it.
I immediately began planning how I could get back into Philly more often in order to try every item on the menu.  It's not just all-vegan here, but there are options galore for various styles of vegan eaters.  
Daiya (pronounced day-uh, not die-uh if you are wondering) is not made with soy, so you don't have to worry about soy overload.  There are several things made with just good old savory vegetables such as avocado and artichokes and portobellos.  Whole pizzas range from $13 to $19, and all sandwiches are $8 or less. 
I can't imagine the huge shipments of Daiya cheese they must get in.  They have chickpea salad to replace urges for tuna, and I think it it even better than tuna -- and is probably made with soy mayo (the king of which is Vegenaise). 
Next on my list: 
-- seitan cheese steak (thinly sliced seitan with grilled onions and peppers, crimini and white mushrooms, daiya cheese)
-- tofu cubano (baked tofu, seitan pepperoni, pickles, caramelized onions, dijon aioli, daiya cheese)
-- BBQ portobello (cornmeal crusted portobello, tangy bbq sauce, jalapeno peppers, creamy coleslaw)
-- roasted eggplant grinder (roasted red pepper, marinated eggplant, fennel, broccoli rabe, roasted garlic butter, topped with daiya cheese and baked in the oven)
How can these not appeal to carnivores?  And isn't it cool that you can get fennel on your pizza?We were passing through Philadelphia and decided to try a vegan restaurant one street over from Blackbird Pizzeria. How fortunate for us that the other vegan restaurant was closed because we discovered Blackbird. The dcor, setting and location of the restaurant is not our typical style but we were hungry and down to our final straw for food. We decided to go in and give it a shot. I ordered the "Chik'n Parm Sandwich" with fries. My husband wanted to share the fries I was ordering which I do not usually do because I LOVE FRIES; thus, I am very stubborn with my tasty friend, the potato. I decided to give in at this point because we were going to have an early dinner and I didn't need a lot of food. 
The customer service was good and the delivery of the meal was fairly decent. What I was not prepared for was the taste of the food. OMG! OMG! I couldn't decide if the sandwich was that good or that I was starving so I allowed my husband to take a small bite and he agreed that mine was better than his Seitan Philly Steak Sandwich. For the best part, the portion of fries for a single serving was so large that I was not hesitant to share...so much so that I left at least 3 on the plate when I finished. 
So, I would certainly look forward to my next visit to Philly when I can visit the Blackbird Pizzeria. Love it!I planned to eat at a vegan restaurant nearby but since everything on the menu had soy in it, the server suggested I check Blackbird. When I approached, there was a guy standing outside of the pizzeria eating a slice that DEF didn't look vegan. He assured me it was and suggested I try the Haymaker.  Although I'm leery about vegan cheese, my friend and I each got a slice of the Haymaker which did not disappoint. I could've done without the cheese but the flavor and cozy atmosphere will def have me returning the moment I go back to Philly!I had heard about this place from friends who traveled to Philadelphia and pass through this restaurant and I was very eager and excited to try it out. Since becoming a plant-based eater about two years ago sometimes it can be difficult to find plant these options at restaurants. In Philadelphia the food that their most known for is the Philly cheesesteak sandwich.  Although I would never come to experience the original, I had something that I believe was even better: vegan Philly cheesesteak sandwich.
The sandwich looks small when you look at it would inshore to feel even the hungriest of the hungry. Alongside that I had the sweet and spicy vegan chicken wings, and the root beer barbecue vegan chicken wings.  I also had a slice of their cheese pizza which so far is my favorite rendition of the vegan pizza. Everything from the first bite down to the last crumb was flavorful and fresh.
I love that the restaurant is a little side joint and that there aren't a lot of seating arrangements but that just makes for the very hometown and comforting food and atmosphere. If I ever come back to Philadelphia I will definitely be stopping by this place to get a meal or two. You should do the sameI really can't say enough about Blackbird Pizzeria. It is certainly Vegan junk food. However, it is hands down the best Pizza I have ever had. All of my omnivore friends have been impressed as well. I come here almost every time I visit Philadelphia. My absolute favorite is the Fungi Pizza - just the perfect amount of earthy mushrooms, savory vegan butter, zesty garlic, and delicious veganrella! I see a lot of complaints about the staff - but I personally have never had a problem. It is what I would expect from an order at the counter pizza joint. Also, the prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of food you are getting. I can not wait to return to Blackbird!The experience was a bit mixed but on the whole, this is one of the best slices I've had in philly.
Growing up, I can remember going to the pizza shop, getting slices and playing street fighter.  Back then, the slices seemed huge and the crust was thin, crispy, slight chewiness and tasted just right.  I've only found that taste a handful of places and I found it at Blackbird.
All it took was a slice of Haymaker to convince me.  I was shocked at home good the flavor was.  Cheese?  I didn't need it.  Hell, I didn't even miss it.  The piece was right on the money.
My friend ended up getting a Ceasar Salad and well, they forgot her order.  It was a 20 minute wait until we finally said something.  Still, a minor messup for an otherwise lovely meal.  I paid with level up and used my credit.  This meal was basically free.
It was packed for a Friday night but we still snagged a table.  Lots of crusty looking people in this joint but I think that's to be expected.  It's definitely a BYO, there were people drinking beer everywhere.  Time to add 1 to the pizza list!the Haymaker is the best slice of pizza, vegan or non-vegan, that I've had in a long time. and I lived in NYC for the better part of a year! a friend of mine who came with also got some kind of sandwich - I forget what kind - but the portion was generous and it was delicious. will definitely be back soon!!HAIL SEITAN.  
I eat anything.  I've actually cut a lot of meat out of my diet, but I won't hesitate to put down a McGangbang or a nice piece of filet.  So full disclosure, I am not limited to the vegan or vegetarian diet.
Having said that, the Ringer is one the best sandwiches I've had in a long time, vegan or otherwise.  The wings are ridiculously good.  If all vegan food was this good, I think there would be many more vegans in the world.  I have no idea what the place looks like as I've only gotten delivery, but I would certainly check it out if I'm ever near 6th and Lombard.I wish vegan pizza places were more ubiquitous. Even in LA, I haven't found a decent one. Blackbird is what got me hooked on Daiya. I've taken a lot of friends here and they all loved it. The pizza is delicious, but so are their sandwiches. I really like the chickpea salad wrap, though I prefer it on their rolls.  The employees are very personable. I usually don't love their drink selection so I end up getting water. Not a big deal, just something to note.Only tried their buffalo chicken pizza--their special for Vegan Pizza Day--and it was just a delightful experience. The chicken was nicely crispy on the outside, and the amount of sauce on the slice was well-balanced with the other ingredients. It was a little hard to maneuver with the big chunks of chicken on the pizza, but well worth it.
The sodas are also really great with interesting flavors--my friend's tried them all and he likes all of them. When I was there, he had the lavender while I got the tangerine. Refreshing and unique.I came here again with my sister in law. We got the haymaker with no daiya and extra sauce and the popeye pizza which has spinach, these roasted mushrooms that are one of the most amazing things I have ever put into my mouth, roasted garlic, I think a pumpkin seed pesto and olives. Wow. Mind blown. It doesn't matter if you are vegan or not, both pies knocked our socks off. The crust is just so delicious. We got garlic butter on the side for the haymaker and greedily dipped both pizzas in it despite being told by the counter girl that getting the butter on the side was gross.
In her slight defense, the same girl who has been nasty both times made an effort to be nice although I heard from my sister in law that when I went to the bathroom she was giving me dirty looks and looking back and laughing to her other colleagues seemingly in acknowledgement of me being the crazy lady who brought her cold sandwich back and ran off in a huff. Oh well. I don't care, the pizza is too good. I'll go again too. We also got a whoopie pie but it was not nearly as good as last time and I also think the staff should make an effort to keep the desserts in a cool place because they are always semi-warm with melting frosting.
My husband got a cheesesteak and loved it as usual.I am not even a vegan, but I am a huge fan of this pizza! It has to be one of the tastiest pizzas I ever had. The place has a relaxed atmosphere and punk rock plays through out. I also felt the woman behind the counter was welcoming and friendly. I will definitely return for a slice or two!As a vegan, traveling and finding good restaurants in other places can be difficult. This place was a great surprise. I plan on visiting it every time I trek through Philadelphia from now on.
Having never been to Philadelphia before going vegan, this restaurant defined the Philly Cheesesteak for me. My partner, who had once lived in Philadelphia and is now vegan, was astonished at how tasty the vegan version of the hometown classic was. If you need a vegan Cheesesteak, this is the place.
Add to that generous slices of veggie-laden thin-crust pizzas, sugar cane sodas, and rich chocolate desserts and you have what I consider to be the best vegan restaurant in Philadelphia.Great place to get a gourmet thin slice. Had the 'Haymaker' and loved the flavor of the sauce and crust. One thing I noticed was that the sliced seemed to collapse under the weight of the toppings so maybe it needed to be cooked a bit more. Also the slice I had seemed to gone in just a couple of bites. Got an order of fries and they were very well done and tasted great. Another must try is their homemade soda. I got the root beer, but I recommend the ginger brew. 
There aren't many tables to be warned if you are going in the heart of lunch hour. There is a nice shaded park across the street so that might be an option if you can't eat in.This place is so incredibly good, If I weren't already a vegetarian, I would become one. So far I've had almost every kind of their pizza (love the haymaker), as well as their Seitan wings.
The cucumber dip served with the wings was perfect, as I had the Habanero Buffalo, which were super spicy. I've also made it a point to try one of their rotating flavored cupcakes each time I've gone, and they are always so good. 
It's a semi-small, narrow restaurant, however you are still able to dine-in. They accept both cash/card. From my experience, the staff here have never been over-friendly, but they were always accommodating, which is enough for me.
This is a place I will eat again and again.I have been to Blackbird twice. Once was about 6 months ago and again last weekend. When I visited last time, I was madly in love with their vegan cheesesteak. I couldn't wait to go back and get it! It was my first stop on my list. 
But, I was very disappointed this trip. They changed their cheese to be a "cheese sauce" (before it was more like melted cheese), and though that's more "classic" cheesesteak, it was just too salty. Also it was literally the greasiest thing I've ever eaten in my whole life (like even when I used to eat meat). I ate it, but I had to bathe in their sink afterward. Really not what I wanted.
The service was friendly and fast, and the pizza did look really good. Wish I had gotten that instead. So if you go to Blackbird, you may want to steer clear of the cheesesteak and get a yummy vegan pizza instead.So impressed with everything we got! The pizza was awesome - very thin crust, and sausage had amazing favor. The wings had perfect crispy texture and the sauce was delicious. We also got the cheesesteak which wasn't my favorite (texture was good but I thought the flavor was a bit odd and had an Asian taste to it).Supreme veggie pizza was amazing and the philly cheese steak was pretty damn good too. we will be back.Delicious seitan vegan chicken parm sandwich! Lots of great vegan options that meat eaters can still enjoy.This place is between South and Lombard on 6th Street...but closer to South and across the street from the fire station.
Everything on the menu is vegan.
Ordered a 12" pizza (which is more than enough to feed 2 people) and a cheesesteak sandwich - split both with a friend.  I enjoyed the sandwich more than the pizza.  That's not to say the pizza wasn't good; however, a lot of tourists come to Philly looking for a cheese steak and now even vegans have a good option just off South Street.  Faux steak made from seitan mixed with onions, mushrooms, peppers, and vegan cheese.  Not dripping with grease but enough oil to keep it in the realm of a Philly cheesesteak.
The pizza was quite good.
We called in a take out order.  The wait time was, like, 25 mins but we were told that on the phone when we ordered so it's not like we had to wait.  The food was ready when we arrived and piping hot.  There's plenty of seating inside if you choose to eat in.
There are treats like whoopie pies on the counter.
The menu also indicates this place serves vegan wings.  Think I need to try these the next time I'm in Philly...I was in the area for a conference and was recommended to try a veggie cheese steak at this place. I was hesitant at how good seitan and vegan cheese would taste together in such big portions, but Blackbird took me by surprise. My sandwich was finished within 5 minutes. So flavorful and tastes just like the real thing. The bread was crunchy and chewy at the same time, and I loved the texture of the "steak". The caramelized onions also made a great addition to the meal. 
My friends ordered a large cheese steak pizza, and that was basically the same as the sandwich on pizza dough. The cheese was a little to overwhelming on the pizza though, and I do not recommend the cheese fries. But if you are coming for the sandwich, I give it an A++!This is a vegans heaven. I came here with some friends and we all tried each other's food and it was all just so good! Especially the salad and pizza.Love this place so much! Only disappointment was going in one time and they forgot about my order and I waited about an hour.. Other than that, their food is amazing! Best vegan cheesesteak.As a vegetarian, I am thankful for this place. Knowing it exists eliminates the typical "where can we eat?" issue. Everything they serve is worth a try. This is one of a few places that I can think of where I over order, so I can have left-overs. Last time we were there we ordered a Cubano, cheese steak, fries, a slice of pizza AND dessert. 
Since pizza is in the title, let's talk about it for a minute. It's great. The crust is tasty and the veggie pepperoni adds a nice touch. It's true, it's not warm inside. The food is so good, great music keeps me warm. The winter is coming to a close and that won't matter anymore.
With food this good, I do not miss eating meat.This place is fabulous. I've never had better vegan food. In fact, they may have some of the best pizza I've ever eaten. The cheese pizza is superbly seasoned, cheesy and the crust is fantastic. I also love the Yukon pizza. If you haven't tried it, you should. Taters on pizza dough with some olive oil and herbs...it's divine. I think it could use a little kick though. Do try their cream soda, it's in the little fridge by the counter. Can't remember the name of the brand but it is delicious! As a vegetarian who has a really hard time even considering becoming a vegan, I can honestly say that if Blackbird was located near my house, I'd probably be a vegan. They have so many options I have yet to try, I'm always excited to go back. The inside of the place leaves a lot to be desired, very plain and drab but the staff is friendly and the music is good. Do yourself a favor, vegan or otherwise, stop into Blackbird and get yourself a slice.I've had their pizza at their table every year I come down to Philly for This is Hardcore. I've never been to their actual location the times I've gone to Philadelphia, so I've yet to have anything from their physical location.
Their pizza is to die for whether or not you are vegan and my non vegan friends enjoy their pizza just as much. Their meat substitute toppings are flavorful, which is a mark some places miss when they use meat substitutes, even at specialty places. Their cheese melts in a consistency that is similar to real cheese, which once again is a mark missed by other places who cook their pizzas for too long which results in a chalky consistency. The dough is cooked just right, not too crispy which is something I absolutely hate. Overall this is probably the best pizza I've had, even when I had "real" pizza before I was vegan.
I'll probably be down in Philadelphia for work related things so I will probably make a stop here and try the cheese steak that other reviewers are raving over.You're a toy if you don't eat here. Philadelphia vegan straight edge! Everything here is good! Bathroom is grilled with tags everyone's pretty nice. Parking sucks ride your bike or walk. Make sure you tip and tell everyone how good this spot is!I love this place.  I started out ordering the cheese steak when I went there, then trying the pizza, chickpea parm, cubano, wings, and tuna.  Everything is EXCELLENT.  This is my absolute favorite restaurant.The absolute best in vegan pizza! Everything we've tried from Blackbird has been great - sandwiches, wings, you name it; but the pizza is what we go back for. New York Style that makes you forget it's vegan and makes me remember my childhood.
One complaint is that there isn't a whole lot of seating, and don't go here expecting a fancy atmosphere - it's pretty bare bones. But you weren't going for the scenery, were you? Go for the awesome pizza :)Damn good pizza choice. You have the option to buy by the slice as well. The mushroom slice is slammin. Also indulge in the chesse fries. Didn't try the sandwiches because they are soy. I am sure very tasty though. They also have interesting vegan cookies. Who wants to grab a slice?They say they've got the best Vegan Philly Cheese steak sandwich in all of Philadelphia. As someone who is not vegan, it's probably the best Philly cheese steak I've ever had. Hands down!Up until this; my favorite vegan pizza. I had one superior in San Diego but from a place without as many vegan options. So this place freeking rules and I could live here!Very creative, all vegan selection. Their Philly Cheesesteaks are awful though- definitely go to Wiz Kid! But their pizzas are really good! My only suggestion is to order a whole pie, since their "by the slice" case is not under a heat lamp and they just reheat 'at room temperature' slices in a toaster oven to serve. Made my tummy hurt a lil after- not sure if it is up to health code, but my dumb ass was hungry and went for it! Just get some friends and split a whole pie, they are very good!Every time my boyfriend and I go to Philly, we MUST stop at Blackbird. The best vegan food in Philadelphia. My personal favorite is the Ringer and the root beer BBQ wings. The cookies are great too!!A reliable slice of thin crust vegan pizza awaits.Being a vegan, I really wanted to like this place & give it a great review, but I can't. First we ordered the hand cut fries because how many places have them. The place is small so we could watch the owner work. The fries come up & you can watch him hand sprinkle them with salt & toss them in a bowl. Sadly, they were over cooked & we threw 1/2 of them away. It was a busy lunch crowd & I could smell something burning, unfortunately it was my tofu cubano sandwich. It had decent flavor, once I got past the burnt bread. Hubby ordered the haymaker pizza. This was the best part. Fresh ingredients, light, crispy crust saved our opinion of this place. We'll be back to try it again & hopefully he'll be having a better day in the kitchen. To the owner, if you burn it, don't serve it.This place is cool! I've had a good amount of vegan pizza and id say this ranks probably as 2nd or 3rd. I think what makes me sad about vegan pizza is that it's weak, like I can't eat this stuff like a normal slice because it was so heavy. I had to cut it up and use a fork...lame. But besides that it was so so yummy !The pizza was alright, but I had really high hopes for the cheesesteak, which was disappointing.  If I had known it wouldn't be anything flavorful or special I probably wouldn't have paid as much as I did.  I think for now they should stick to just pizza.  What I found delightful, though, was the tasty cola and the fact that they take credit cards!  
Also, the service is really good.  The young woman working the register rung us up, warmed everything up, and brought it all over to our table, all seamlessly.Really good for vegan/vegetarians. We walked in and it was pretty empty around 1pm, which was the perfect time to grab a quick lunch with my boyfriend. Casual atmosphere, you order at the cash register and they bring you the food hot off the grill. We started off with a slice of pepperoni pizza and it was OK, we should have gone with balboa as one of the line cooks recommended. However, they did give us a free slice of the pepperoni which was a nice gesture! Next we ordered to split the cheese steak and the Cubano sandwich (we heard that the head chef at Vedge really likes the Cubano sandwich from Blackbird so we decided to give it a try). I preferred the Cubano over the cheese steak but was pleased with both. We found out that they deliver to a 2 mile radius which includes Rittenhouse square. We will be ordering from there again!I know a lot of people don't like daiya but I am NOT feeling their new choice of violife. Slimy and sticky. Their crust and toppings are great and I still love the seitan and sandwiches but the new pizza cheese is inedible.TO DIE FOR. That is how I can best describe the tastiness of the food I've ordered here. From the wings to the chicken parm and the pizza.... it's some of the best vegan eats I've come across. If you're a healthy vegan (haha), keep in mind you are going to a pizzeria. The food isn't going to be the epitome of health food but if you want somewhere delicious to take your other veg (or carnivorous) friends- seriously, consider this place. You won't regret it. I wish I lived in or around Philadelphia instead of the shore but the drive is totally worth it.
We typically order the BBQ and spicy wings- I've never had something so HOT in my life! And the pizza.... always a winner! BEST vegan pizza I've ever ordered. If you're from or visit NJ and have had some of the classic Luigis pizza (the best pizza growing up hands down, fact) - it's very similar to that in its flavor.The BBQ portobello sandwich is fantatic - it's cooked in chunks that have the texture of barbecued chicken - and the desserts are delicious. Pizza is good - I prefer a tomato pie (cheeseless, even vegan cheese) and hope they will soon offer them. Looking forward to trying the tofu cubano next time.
My son loved the organic root beer!
PS - Not long after I wrote this review, they added three types of vegan wings. They are incredible, especially the rootbeer barbecue wings. I've driven across the city to try them.Holy deliciousness! The pizza was probably the best I've ever had, the wings were PHENOMENAL (absolute must try) and the rock and roll vibe left good vibes all around. Will be back next time I'm in Philly!After trying Blackbird Pizzeria, I can say that I definitely don't like vegan cheese. It sticks to your teeth and does not even compare to real cheese. I'm not a vegan though, so this kind of cheese might be delicious to a vegan. 
That being said, I thought the pizza crust was amazing and I really liked the pizza with potatoes on it. After two slices of pizza I was too full to have dessert, but they all looked really good. I am looking forward to going back and trying the peanut butter pie. 
Also, my friend got a cucumber flavored soda that we both thought tasted just like the way the grass perfume from the Gap smells. Weird, right?I'm on a meatless journey for lent. There's been some ups and downs but today was absolutely a high! Seitan is absolutely the way to go! This place is a welcome treat and I'll absolutely be back for moreThis place is so good my husband and I travel from New York several times a year to binge. Our favorites are the Haymaker Pizza, the Root Beer Wingz, and the Cheese Fries. Sometimes service isn't topnotch, but when you're slinging food that makes two loving adults fight over who gets the last bite, I can forgive and forget.Tried the hay-maker and the veggie supreme--both were great! I've been vegan for three years, so I might be a bit biased, but this pizza tasted even better than I remember "normal pizza" tasting.It's written just about all over the store that everything they serve is Vegan and yet I still couldn't believe it. They had cupcakes, whoopee pies, vegan cheesesteaks and pure awesomeness. So glad I got to check it out. Would highly recommend :)Easily my favorite spot in the city for food (especially because it's right next to Dottie's). The pizza, sandwiches, cheese fries are all amazing and reliable. I wish it was closer to me but I still end up there every other week. It can get crowded but it always seems to work out. Haymaker is my favorite pizza and the Chicken Parm was awesome. Can't wait to continue working my way through the menu!I dream of you while I am away from Philly!  I am vegetarian but I try to keep dairy out of my diet as much as possible.
You took one thing I thought I could never give up and made it delicious (in it's own way).  It will taste different to the average pallet but, the flavor now has me addicted.
I will say I agree with Jay about the roll for the seitan cheesesteak, it's my only complaint.  Other then that I LOVE the thinly shaved seitan.  Makes me feel a little more grown up and not so "full" like other mock meat sandwiches.  
I also had the tofu cubano here and I am so glad my friend ordered it and let me taste it because I actually think I may like it more then the seitan cheesesteak.I tried this pizzeria after hearing and reading so many positive reviews about.
And I have to say, Blackbird did not disappoint!
Me and my friend arrived on Friday 11/9 around 11:20AM (they open at 11AM).
Since it was this early the only had the cheese and the pepperoni pizza to take as a slice (you could order different ones by the pie).
We ordered the pepperoni, the wings with root beer bbq and the seitan cheesesteak.
The pizza was delicious!!! We finished the slice in 30 seconds.
The pepperoni tasted delicious.
The seitan cheesesteak was also to die for, although I have to say it was probably my least favorite item of the things we ordered.
My favorite was the root beer bbq wings. These were really well made and were just delicious.
For dessert we ordered an early bird cookie (oatmeal cookie, assorted breakfast cereal and melted marshmallows) and a kitchen sink cookie (chocolate chips, potato chips, pretzels, pumpkin seeds, coconut flakes and oats).
Me and my friend both loved the chewy texture and the taste of the early bird cookie. The kitchen sink one tasted really good as well, but we prefer a softer, more chewy texture.
All in all I have to say that this is one of the best vegan fast food places I've tried. I wish they had delicious vegan pizza like that in NYC.
Next time I'm in Philly I will definitely be back to visit Blackbird!Wow! Great vegan pizza. I especially liked the Popeye, but the funghi was delicious as well. The wings are some of the best I've had. They really do a great job with the texture and the sauce. The cheesesteak was pretty tasty but I wished the bread would have been a bit...more hearty, maybe. I know that some are skeptical about vegan "cheese" but I think that if you appreciate it for the unique (and delicious) flavor, you'll enjoy it. I highly recommend trying out Blackbird Pizza.Full disclosure: I've never had the pizza here. I've had the seitan cheese-steak which i found to be really mediocre. Also it was summertime and this place was freaking WARM. There was a ceiling fan and depressing music, no AC and/or ambience to be detected. I wanted to like this place so badly, especially because my parents want to eat here all the time-- but I couldn't get over that initial first mediocre sandwich in the stifling heat. Perhaps I should give it another chance...WOW. This is the BEST VEGAN PIZZA EVER. I love this place. You know pizza is good when it still tastes great cold and the following day! 
Brick oven crust! Chewy goodness. Gained weight from eating so much but it was worth every calorie! 
Fungi Pizza - rich and creamy like Alfredo Sauce with a garlic crust and truffle mushroooms!! 
Pepperoni Pizza - pepperoni was slamming
Red Dawn Pizza - No cheese, great for potato lovers
Regular Slice - Great for the people who want a plain slice 
Mixed Veggie Pizza - Surprised by the amount of veggies - there were no empty spots!
Habanero Wings - Boneless wings that were majorly spicy on the first bite but fine after a few more
Balboa Pizza - roasted cherry tomato, pepperoni, arugula, pumpkin seed pesto, what more can you ask for? This might just be the best pie
Tempeh Chili  with corn bread - hearty, thick, and WARNING - it gets spicy! The corn bread didn't have the texture I was hoping for but still good. There's chunks of corn in there. What a treat! 
Cubano Sandwich - Could have more stuffing but the flavor was great, bread was toasty and pressed. 
Root Beer BBQ Wings with pineapple salsa - The BBQ overpowered the root beer so it seemed like BBQ wings. The salsa was sweet as expected from the pineapples. 
Small and clean joint
The cashier brings your order to you if you're dining inI'll come by here every now and then when I'm in the city because they have some great by the slice pizza and also one of the best Caesar salads I've had in a while. 
Small pizzas run for around $12 and the Caesar salads are about $7.00, not too bad considering the ingredients are always fresh. I'm a pretty simple pizza eater so when it comes to choosing topping I always almost go with the veggie pizza. The fungi pizza is really good as well, but I find the truffle oil to be a bit overpowering and rich. 
Along with pizza they also serve sandwiches and sides, but I've yet to try any of them. Staff is always very polite and they can usually whip up a pizza in a matter of minutes provided it's not too crowded. Highly recommend giving it a try.Not much to add that's not already here. The cheesesteak was a hot mess in the best way possible. I loved the wide variety of pizza slices available. The dough is good, thin and crispy under the toppings but with a chewy bite at the crust. Sauce was laid on very thin, so the pizza stays crisp overall, but it could have used a bit more. Personally, I don't like Daiya cheese much, but I seem to be in the minority, and the other toppings offset the taste pretty well. The Balboa uses a yummy ricotta and no daiya, so it was my favorite. I wish there were a few other non-daiya choices. Chocolate whoopie pies were moist and just the right amount of sweet.Disclaimer: Self proclaimed meatatarian- in a hurry.  
Had the pizza slice with Setan, Daiya (?) cheese. tomato sauce and Oregano... Pretty bangin, but they lose a star because i cant justify paying $4 for a slice of pizza again.Went yesterday to celebrate a friends's move in day. Two hours of moving created quite the appetite! I usually don't like it here because of the music and pricey slices, but since I was being treated, I thought another shot was worth it. Can't say much for the customer service, as listening to heavy metal wouldn't make me smile either, but I can say I was in love with the Cubano! Each bite was even better than the last. Added cheesy fries (their own awesome blend of whiz) in between bites and I was in heaven. They even have huge cookies and fun sodas. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but it's worth noting. Going during the busy lunch hour drowned out the music. Yay!not sure what happened (i think they started making their own seitan) but the seitan cheesesteak is just not the same. i tried it on a few different occasions to be sure. i tried a veggie steak from little pete's tonight (a non-vegetarian diner) and i actually thought it was better.
don't get me wrong i'm still really glad blackbird exists, just not sure what's up with the recipe these days.
credentials: born and raised philadelphian, / 15-year vegetarian/vegan.Vegan goodness!  Drive from DC to the veggie food scene and did not regret visiting at all.
The philly cheese was almost perfect, a little bit of extra daiya and I'd been in heaven.
Wings were great in make and consistence but a little sweet in the end.Came here after reading great reviews and my experience was ok. Hubby and I ordered the veggie supreme pizza, smoked habanero buffalo wings, and the beet salad. Out of everything we ate I loved the beet salad the most, then the pizza, and lastly the buffalo wings. I still have no idea what the buffalo wings were made of. They were ok but the texture was something I'm not used too, almost sponge like. When I ordered them I thought they would be like a cauliflower fritter with buffalo wing sauce, but they were spongey and I think it was deep fried because they were greasy. Wish they had the description of what it was on the menu. Anyways, I ate my beet salad which was amazing, and a piece of the buffalo wings, and we waited an hour for the pizza and decided to take it to go since we had already eaten everything else. The pizza was good but the olives were all in the center so it made the center of the pizza so soggy and watery. Other than that it was good. 
Besides the long wait for the pizza, this place was ok. I probably won't be returning due to the long wait and overpriced items.Best vegan pizza I've ever had. Best (and only) vegan cheesesteak I've ever had. I'm not a vegan and the cheesesteak rivaled some of the beef ones throughout the city. Awesome stuff going on here.I had the Cuban sandwich based on a previous review I read and I must say it was a pretty good replacement to the real thing. It's not going to taste exactly like meat (of course) but just warn your non vegan friends should they get it. I also like hot sauce so I added some hot sauce for an extra kick. It was a large sandwich too so two people can easily split this sandwich and an order of fries. The staff is very friendly and helpful as well.This is the best pizza in the universe (vegan or nonvegan).  Thank you Blackbird for truly raising the bar on what good food can be.
The Balboa pizza is truly a high point in eating.  It's absolutely perfect! The other pizzas are also quite extraordinary.  I got a slice of a rosemary potato chip pizza which was divine.
The sandwiches are great too, the Ringer being my favorite, but I don't think i can go to Blackbird just for a sandwich or vegan wings; I need to eat the best pizza in the unverse :) :)After a Clean Energy March through the streets of Philly, my friends and I were craving some delicious, inexpensive vegan eats. I came across Blackbird on Yelp and knew I had to convince them to follow me- and I'm very glad they did.
I had a regular slice and the Balboa. I was impressed by the combination of flavors and textures upon their specialty slices. I love pizza because it is inexpensive to get full. I topped off this lunch with a blackout cookie which was so yummy but I preferred the Kitchen Sink cookie that my friend purchased. It had so many unexpected components, textures, and flavors. I would highly recommend coming here, even if you're not vegan. When I return to Philly, Blackbird is 100% on my to-do list.The best Philly cheesesteak. It's just a bonus that it's vegan!Had my friend book her flight out of Philly for the soul purpose of trying out this place and let me tell you, it was definitely worth the 3 1/2 hr drive from CT. We tried all 3 flavors of wings, chicken Parm, and cheesesteak. Spicy sweet and root beer wings were amazing. The habanero spicy was a bit too potent for our taste buds but still flavorful. The chicken parm was delicious and the cheese on the cheesesteak was yummy. We'll definitely be backNo one ever tells you everything is vegan. We found this out the hard way. The food was better than I expected, but for meat eaters- borderline tolerable. Sorry, but I just think they should put the word "vegan" everywhere for disclosure!Probably the best vegan pizza slices that I have ever tasted.  Nice, bright, clean space.  Good music selection.  Cool employees.  I dream of the day that they will open up in NYC, but for now, this place is enough to keep me making regular visits to Philadelphia.Blackbird Pizzeria is a great place to go and grab some vegan food. Being entirely vegan, you should't expect tons of greasy food, or typical pizza.  The varieties of pizza they offer are creative, and do all look fantastic. You can order by the slice, or order a whole pie, all to go or to stay and eat. Additionally, they have sandwhiches - all of which sounded and a few of which looked great.  The dessert options were plentiful also.  
The taste? PRETTY DARN AWESOME.  The South Philly had onions, fake meat, brocolli rabe, mushrooms, etc. It was great! I also tried a slice of the yukon potato pizza - which I wasn't totally thrilled with - but I could see how others would enjoy it. I'm interested in going back again and just ordering a pie and tasting it against that which I can get at Slice or at Mama Palma's (both of which also offer vegan cheese options).  It is nice knowing that I can walk into Blackbird, and eat all of it.....
I give it only 3 stars b/c for what it is - it's slightly overpriced. Also, we went here in the winter, and I couldn't take off my coat! It was FREEZING inside.Blackbird is hands-down my favorite pizza in Philly, and I'm not even vegetarian (let alone vegan)! I can't exactly pinpoint what makes me like it so much, either. The creaminess of the daiya cheese, maybe? Or perhaps that there's good veggies on there, like arugula and mushrooms? Whatever it is, it's delicious. And the balboa pizza is the best. Pumpkin seed pesto sauce for the win! 
I've had some of their non-pizza items too, like the seitan wings and the cheesesteak. While they're still really good, I still enjoy the pizza an infinite amount more. #pizzalifeCheese fries are delicious. Pizza is delicious. Wings are pretty good.
Seating can be challenging at times. Usually good music playing and friendly service.Truly deliciously vegan cheat food. Cheesesteaks, pizzas, wings that taste as deliciously unhealthy as their omnivorous counterparts, without all the guilt (health or environment or moral!). Highly recommend everything I tried. Get the large order of wings, you won't regret it!Okay, so I went there a couple months ago and it was really good, their vegan cheesesteak was crispy and the everything seemed really fresh. I returned to blackbird this week and had the opposite experience; both my girlfriend and I could not get through our dinners and to make matters worse it was really expensive, $30 for two junky cheesesteaks, some bottled rainwater and a side of wings...that would have seemed like a fair price if the food was consistent with my original experience. I definitely think this place has potential, but it seems like they have good days and bad days, or maybe it depends on whos cooking.My friend and I came here on a Friday morning (both vegans) after searching vegan places online. It was a hard decision, but this place had great reviews and it didn't disappoint us. I only wish they had breakfast options before 11 as well since we had time to kill on our visit. We split a bunch of items - a slice of the pepperoni pizza, cheesesteak, wings, and kitchen sink cookie, and early bird cookie. 
Everything was tasty! I think the pizza was my favorite of the savory foods. I probably wouldn't get the kitchen sink cookie again because it was more crunchy and I like chewy cookies, but the early bird cookie was nice and chewy. I might try a cupcake next time. The prices were reasonable and service was good. I hope to come back one day!I've had my share of seitan cheesesteaks in San Francisco (Jay's Cheesesteaks and Phat Philly in the Mission), so I was pretty pysched to try out a vegan version in the City of Brotherly Love.
I wasn't disappointed - the toasted hoagie roll was brimming with seitan and onions. It had a nice crunch when I took my first bite. The seitan and Daiya cheese made for a delicous mess. The only thing that would have made it better was more vegan aioli (you need to ask for it when you order).
The one order of fries was huge - enough to be shared between two people.
Definetely worth the visit for vegan and vegetarians!All I can say is that  I do not know how their cheesesteak and wings can be so delicious while being vegan. We met my daughter and one of her friends in town for an early dinner and since her friend is vegan we decided to give Blackbird Pizzeria a try. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Now the cheese steak did not have the same texture as beef but it was very tasty and I enjoyed it very much. We all enjoyed the haymaker and the balboa. I highly recommend that you take a chance a giv them a try. You will not be disappointed,It's a shame that the owners/management did a poor job hiring the last few years- a bunch of younger kids that don't care about the once amazing establishment.  They messed up my order on 2 separate occasions and the one occasion really did it for me- when I brought up that my order was not complete to the young female employee she gave me a nasty remark and rolled her eyes right in front of my fianc and I! I was annoyed - you pay a pretty penny to eat there and then to have your order wrong and a non compliant staff to fix it is just outlandish to me. 
I used to love this place years ago when they gave you fuller portions and the staff was energetic and fun with the customers.Went there for a slice and they were all out!  So I settled for a vegan cheese steak which was very good.  The counter person told me slices wouldn't be available any time soon.  Then some guy came in and asked for a slice and she responded by saying "no sorry no slices".  She's not good for selling anything.  I give them only 3 stars until I can try some pizza from a "pizza place" that has no pizza. It was a disappointment.Words can not express how much I love this place!!! Everything is fantastic, the staff is usually on point & the deserts are good for a pizza place!  Vegan pizza at its finest!!!! I'd eat here everyday if I could!I haven't been into Blackbird for a couple of years.  As per my review in 2012 I was a huge fan (5 stars).  Since then I've taken to grub hub for delivery.  I'm a fan of grub hub and use it often.  The food has stayed consistent and good.  The cheesesteak is to die for and I have no clue how they came up with those cheese fries.  
However, the staff here needs some serious work. When they deliver, on numerous occasions when you ask them to come up the response is always "I don't have a bike lock".  That's like a person coming to deliver with a car and saying they can't come to your door because their car doesn't lock.  Really weird.  
I went in a couple of days ago and when we entered the girl behind the counter in glasses was the most absolutely miserable person ever.  She saw us standing very clearly at the counter and flat out ignored us. To the point where a cook on the left looked at us and then here as if to say come on chick there's people.  She was grabbing cookies and rearranging the cupcakes.  It was a solid 3-4 minutes before she even looked up.  Then she muttered "i'll be right with you".  
We then ordered two slices of pizza, cheese fries, and their new wings.  I asked the girl about the new wings (a pineapple jalapeno).  She acted like it was the most absurd question ever which I don't really get.  Her response "They're good not spicy."  Ok then.  
We sat down and she brought out our pizza.  They have some natural sodas which we both ordered and after placing down our pizza, she forgot our drinks.  She went on to go help someone else.  I asked her kindly for the drink and her response?  A curt "I'm working on it."  What?  Are you making it yourself?  How long does it take to place a cup under something and let it poor.  She was flat our rude.  
The pizza was a bit dry and you could tell it was sitting there for a while, but it was still good.  The cheese fries were delicious.  The new wings are not my favorite (go for the root beer they're much better!)  Although I'm glad I gave them a try.  
I have to say that in recent years Blackbird has gotten a ton of attention.  It's well deserved!  They're a completely Vegan pizza/sub joint.  However, you can tell that it's ABSOLUTELY got to their heads.  With so many vegan places popping up all over the city (many with better food) they need to get a hold of their customer service.  The "I'm so cool" hipster clan they have running the place is failing miserably.The food here is absolutely awesome. I am a regular and order at least once a week.  It's so nice to have a vegan go to spot for greasy take out with lots of variety. My favorites are the haymaker pizza, the calzones, the cheesesteak and their root beer barbecue wings. 
That said - I took off a star because they are often behind when preparing orders, so you arrive and end up
waiting. This is especially bad if you combine grill items with pizza, as usually the grill items are ready way before the pizza. Also, in the past month trying to order pick up is a 10-15 minute endeavor. Their phone either rings with no answer, or they actually pick up the phone and hang up on you. I guess they're just so popular that they don't need as much business these days :/The best--loved the wings (root beer BBQ)--calzone--and pizza (plain and pepperoni).  The only criticism was the calzone sauce served cold--I would prefer warm...the food is so yummy--got cookies too but did not taste them yet...go here, esp curious non veggies--the food is great!!I'm from Orange County California and have transitioned to completely plant based within the last two years.  Needless to say I've had my fair share of Los Angeles vegan restaurants but NO ONE In California seems to be able to get anywhere near perfecting or even creating a decent cheesesteak.  Having visited Philly many times as my family is from here I have certain expectations of a steak sandwich.   On this trip I had a list of places I wanted to try including blackbird and hip city veg.   On this particular day I visited both and I cannot say enough amazing things about blackbird pizzeria.   I know for a fact if I were a local I would be here at least once a week.  I've never been able to walk into a restaurant and feel like I belong there more than when I walked into blackbird.  The employees were super rad and even more patient with my family being unable to decide on what they wanted to eat.  We ordered the funghi pizza, an order of cheese fries, sweet and spicy wings, and of course my cheesesteak.  Me being the glutton I am had to take a bite of each.   Every single thing we ordered was AMAZING.   All my expectations were exceeded.   I didn't even want the sweet and spicy wings but after I tried them.   I couldn't stop!   The pizza was fantastic and just the right amount of garlic.   The cheese fries, exactly what you want when you say you want cheese fries.  Of course the cheesesteak.  It is what dreams are made of.   My carnivorous mother even took a piece of it and said it was good.  This is the real deal guys! If you're looking for some bomb vegan food with amazing vibes in this city. Blackbird pizzeria has NAILED IT!   I'm in LOVE with this place!Oh my god GO HERE! We are a mostly vegetarian family (my husband is an omnivore and our youngest is a maybe-vore) who were visiting Philadelphia. I knew we wanted to eat cheesesteak so looked up the best vegetarian and Blackbird was always at the top of the list. It was only a few blocks from our hotel (we were staying on Chestnut near Independence Park) so we easily walked there. (Blackbird is on 6th just south of Lombard on the east side of the street)
The vegan cheesesteaks were fantastic. Insanely delicious! My older (vegetarian) brave son also tried the habanero wings but they were too spicy to enjoy; my younger son had the "tuna" salad (lovely texture, great, fresh flavor with lots of celery in there) and french fries (like the best classic diner fries you've ever had). During our five days in Philadelphia we returned and this second time we tried the Root Beer BBQ wings and I don't know if I've ever had anything more incredible in my mouth. The texture was chewy and dense, and the Root Beer sauce was sweet and sticky and sour, like classic BBQ. 
My husband did end up trying a few different "best" of the meat cheesesteak places and his opinion was consistently: Blackbird was the best. The bread, the texture and flavor of the seitan, the "cheese" -- all of it just made a better eating experience. He was not trying to win points -- he was just stating his honest opinion.
Our youngest child is in a wheelchair and there are a few steps up from the sidewalk. Each time we went either a customer or an employee literally rushed to help us lift the chair (with our son in it) up the steps. Isn't that lovely? Plus the other staff (behind the counter) couldn't have been nicer. The food was already delicious (of course), but the fact that their customers and employees were so sweet made the experience that much better.
GO!Best vegan food in philly... not as healthy as most places, but Blackbird has the best vegan BBQ wings !!! I craveeee them constantly. Their cheesesteak is among the top 3 best cheesesteaks I've ever had (born/raised in philly and only stopped eating meat a year ago---that's saying something!) I'd say their food pairs best with your favorite IPA and Netflix (maybe that's just me though! Haha)