I really like the food of Black and Brew. I hardly eat out because I hate the taste of restaurant food (I know I am kind of very picky about what food I am eating) however, as my life is getting busier, I could not be able keep up with the cooking but I still need to eat. I found the place as I went to my friend house. I make an order the first time on Caviar. The description seems to be very nice and tasty. It is nice that they have vegan and gluten free option. I ordered 1 burritos and 1 breakfast sandwich. The burrito is blown my mind. It is very tasty, and I love the ingredient because they are all blending well together. On the other side, I don't like the breakfast sandwich. I don't like this one. It is nothing special, because I opted for vegetarian option so no meat for me. All i got was a plain bagel with plain scramble egg. For the price of $7, i think I can make it much better at home. I made a second order today for 2 burritos, and I loved it as well as my coworker. We are very satisfied with the burrito
The food was hot when it arrived.Best breakfast burrito in Philly! I cannot get enough of it. I eat here at least once a week and have never had anything else for breakfast. Its that good. Seriously. (If you like a little kick, order it with sriracha in it).My husband and I ordered 2 similar sandwiches to go with different sides. He started eating first and thought the food tasted really weird. Turns out they mixed up the sides leading to my husband, a vegetarian for 15 years, eating most of a turkey sandwich. I called to tell them about the mix up. The guy who answered barely apologized while saying it was our fault for not looking into the sandwiches first. Very rude and disappointing.The Breakfast Burrito is baller! scrambled eggs, cheddar, black beans, salsa, sour cream and GUACAMOLE! It could be a bit bigger for the price ($6.75) HOWEVER the quality is great and the relaxed, friendly atmosphere is worth the price. It's also a bit quieter than B2, which is nice if you need that for studying. All in all, great QUALITY food & coffee, credit cards accepted, and free WIFI, and most importantly friendly, chill and clean environment.I give this corner cafe 5 stars for excellent,  friendly service,  &  the most diverse & inclusive breakfast menu around. As a former pescatarian,  turned vegan, turned conscientious,  Paleo locavore, I can mix & match anything on this menu to accommodate my needs AND it's delicious & reasonably priced. Colleen, an owner,  is lovely & friendly,  & will remember your face if not your regular order.This place is super cute. I come by here every few weeks for a hearty breakfast. The DeeLux is my go to: 2 pancakes, home fries, 2 eggs and meat of your choice for less than $13. Coffee is pretty solid and it's endless refills! 
The guy behind the counter (David?) Is a riot and always friendly. 
Food is deffinitley not quite as good on Saturday brunch time, which makes sense since they get PACKED. Space is a little tight so be prepared to say excuse me a few times.This place defines South Philadelphia for me personally. When I first moved around the corner (my first apartment in Philadelphia) I was probably here every day. It's such a cozy, funky, warm place for a GREAT cup of coffee and some absolutely bangin' breakfast/brunch food. When Green Eggs down the street had a million hour wait for me and some out of town friends, we decided to squeeze in here for brunch and it was a great decision - everyone loved it. This place will always be very dear to me!My first visit here, the counter guy was kind of meh, and not so friendly. However the pumpkin soy latte (in November!) was so delicious, I decided I needed to come back again sometime.
So I went in and ordered a bigger pumpkin soy latte (in DECEMBER!) and the counter girl was super social and nice. 
I'm also amazed at the food selection that they have, though I've never tried it.
I can't give 5 stars because there is absolutely no way I could get a stroller in there, and that's a little stressful when I have a baby in tow.This is a review for take-out only.
I came in here a few mornings ago when I knew I needed coffee/water to make it the three more blocks to the subway. The space is small but cozy and the staff I encountered was super friendly and the service was fast and efficient.
My coffee was reasonably priced and strong. There was an upcharge for soymilk which was unexpected because I have been going to grindcore alot lately. I ordered an egg and cheese on an english muffin which was cooked quickly and tasted a whole lot better than the rank dunkin donuts near my work.
I will be stopping by again on my morning commute. They have a free water pitcher which was a nice touch, I like to hydrate before downing caffeine.Best coffee off Passyunk. I always drink my coffee black and have tried ages places along passyunk, businesses I won't name, but usually I get burnt tasting coffee or just not strong enough. Black and Brew serve the La Colombe and have never left unsatisfied.Wonderful neighborhood spot! Had the "short stack" (2) whole wheat pancakes with chocolate chips. Great flavor, and you won't feel like a boulder has been lodged in your stomach after consuming. The service was very friendly and personable, and the restroom immaculate...always a plus after coffee!!East Passyunk, you've come a long way in the eight or so years that I strolled around your storefronts.
Wedged between two fairly impoverished areas, this corner of South Philly still has a great old school Italo-greaser vibe, best evidenced in the sign for the soon-to-be-defunct King of Jeans down the street.  But the bourgeois bohemians leave nothing in their wake, so the Italian mom-and-pops that don't close will simply adapt with the times and start going upscale (and probably make a killing for the people who came to the nabe seeking something authentic, all the while squelching it through the higher rental rates that they command).
Enough of that though.  Black N Brew is about as typical for this neighborhood as you get.  Chalkboard menu on three walls that's hard to follow but has lots of great options which are only really creative if you've never visited one of Black N Brew's doppelgangers in other East Coast Cities.  Just because it's not unique doesn't make it bad--my burrito was decent enough.  The iced tea, which was awful enough to make my friend and I question if the leaves had spoiled, was promptly replaced by the good stuff...but it does make me wonder since we got there late in the morning.  Did no one else notice, or did they think a conventional iced tea is supposed to taste that way?
You go to a place like this for the ambiance, which, in a transitional neighborhood like East Passyunk, makes for great people watching for the patrons of the restaurant, or in the outdoor deuces for dog-walkers, bike messengers, eternal grad students, yuppies with baby strollers (and their sights on the suburbs), and yes, even the occasional aging Guido.Expected more from the reviews... 
Was looking forward to the breakfast burrito with guac, but it was bland and more like a wrap... Too much egg and very little of everything else: beans, salsa, cheese, and guac... Had turkey sausage added to breakfast burrito... Expensive addition and didn't make it better... 
Coffee fine... Nothing extraordinary... 
No potatoes or sides with my burrito!! 
I guess, this cafe would be good for people who live close who just want coffee... And maybe a little extra if they haven't eaten. I would say this is more of a coffee shop than restaurant or brunch place. 
Prob won't be back... 
I'm in West Philly, so it's not very close. And there are tons of brunch places and coffee shops better and closer! 
Parking wasn't bad, but suspect it would be harder to find parking past 10am... 
Would be a convenient place for locals... 
I was left pretty unsatisfied and disappointed. Bleh.Definitely loved this place on first visit, with a menu that understands that not everyone wants starch and sugar as their main course. I began a diet before I moved to the area, so I am hesitant to go to restaurants. But Black & Brew passed muster and is now my go-to for daytime eating. There are enough choices for me to have a modest meal, but not regret it afterward. They have a "paleo" breakfast hash, which is a genius menu choice. 
The place is pretty small, but so far I haven't dealt with waiting or lines. You order at the register for take out or have a server bring the meal to you. The wait for table food didn't seem long. And the service was friendly and put me at ease.Had the DeeLux: 2 whole wheat pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 bacon slices. Eggs were very good. Also go tthe Hummus wrap. Healthy options on the menu.
Cute little place. The menus are on the walls, breakfast on one wall and lunch on the other. No waitress service. You order at the reister and stake a claim on a table. Some tables have menus under the glass and others don't. Little awkward if you've never been here before, like, OK what am I supposed to do here? Not a lot of room to maneuver. Wouldn't bring a group here.  
Tea was Yorkshire. Gotta give them props for that. Latte was good. Good neighborhood choice but not worth making a trip for.Really friendly staff. The guy who waited on me described the ginger beer letting me know "it's very ginger-y" which was nice to get the heads up. 
Seems like they are very passionate about their food and drinks.This is a great hangover spot where I've never been disappointed. The menu is surprisingly large for such a tiny place, and everything I've had is good. Plenty of vegetarian choices. There is something about the pancakes here that is unique and delicious, I love them and have probably ordered them every time I've been here. 
The atmosphere is comfortable with cute decor. It can be a bit cramped inside, but that's South Philly coffee shops for you in general. I typically opt for the outdoor seating if available, it's really lovely on sunny days. 
The service is quick, efficient, and friendly. Overall, great spot!I've only been here once, and that was to get an iced chai latte. It was decent -- I mean, I have yet to find a place with REALLY tasty chai. I was more impressed with how friendly the barista (owner?) was. She and I chatted about Reading (where I grew up), and when some guy came in asking for water for his dog she was nice enough to give him a cup. I'd gotten so used to all the angry Philadelphians 'round here that I'd forgotten how pleasant people can be.I want to like this place, but after a couple tries, I still don't.
Pros: good sized menu. The breakfast bagel sandwich I got once wasn't bad.
Cons: The coffee is bad. I've tried the drip coffee and it tastes like water. I've also tried the lattes and they taste like water with some milk in it (I wouldn't even pay the $2 happy hour price, it was so bad) . The staff, while not rude, is not friendly and none of them seem to want to be there or want your business. I have yet to see one staff member smile at a customer.Amazing Blueberry French Toast.  The guy at the counter always has a smile on his face and is super nice.  Best breakfast nook/luncheonette on Passayunk.Perfect neighborhood cafe!  They have delicious coffee in appropriate sizes and for delightful prices.  A full breakfast, brunch and lunch menu every day including MANY vegan and vegetarian options.  It's a small space but they make good use of the space and there is outdoor seating as well as Passyunk Square seating just a few steps away.  The women who are always working the counter (I think the owners?) are both really nice and helpful, even when they are super busy.I go as much as possible. Mostly breakfast. All the meals are yummy. Great service. Great personalites of the people who work there.
Always makes my morning.
Great SMOOTHIES and ChaiThis place is always packed on the weekends, but well worth the wait.  They have rotating specials that I usually end up getting.  The breakfast burrito is also delicious.  They serve La Colombe Coffee and that's the best coffee in Philadelphia.
My only complaint is that once I ordered a Nutella Mocha and they used Davinci Hazelnut syrup and not very impressive chocolate.  If you're gonna name something after Nutella it damn well better taste like nutella.  I understand mixing in Nutella into a drink might be weird, but at least use a very high quality  chocolate (preferably milk chocolate, since that's what Nutella is made of).
That being said, the coffee and food is awesome!!This is my favorite go to place for brunch!! I love how they open early compared to other shops! I call ahead to pick up my food and they always have it ready! It's a 6-8 minute walk for me because I live around Passyunk Ave. Anyways their home fries are my favorite, BLT is heavenly, Coffee is always made well, they always have baked goods, and their menu options are amazing. Their staff is always happy to welcome you and take your order. Do wish they would stay open pass 5 though.  :(: overall the best.Breakfast can be this great really????? A+++++One of my favorite coffee shops. Great service, friendly, not too hipster or pretentious and great coffee. Menu is pretty solid too, can get breakfast pretty much any time. We love sitting outside but sometimes we sit in as well. Only downside is that it closes at 5pm and sometimes I don't make it in time!This is one of my favorite coffee shops in Passyunk. The staff is incredibly friendly. You order at the counter and they will bring food to your table. For lunch, I love the turkey and goat or the spicy turkey panini... both are delicious, fresh ingredients and timely service.Black n Brew is one of my favorite neighborhood brunch spots.  There's always and excellent selection of food (LOVE the specialty french toast) at a very fair price.  The coffee is nice and strong, the staff always attentive and the atmosphere always warm.  Give it a try!Well I pass this place most every day and it's so nice to see a place with outdoor seating especially this time of year.  I've actually never tried the food and maybe that makes me a bad reviewer but their coffee is scrumptious. I know it doesn't take a genius to make iced coffee but every time and I do mean every time I have gotten iced coffee here it was more than perfect. Not too much ice, sweetened perfectly, and room for a bit of cream.My brother and his girlfriend took me here for breakfast when I was in town visiting. I got their breakfast BLT and it was delicious! The potatoes it came with were outstanding along with their iced tea. Perfect amount of food for a reasonable price. Will definitely go back.Have been going here since they opened years ago and am never disappointed! Friendly staff, yummy, fresh food and always hot coffee. Love this place if you can't tell!came here on a stressful morning after a bridal fitting (not mine)...and it was perfect! a laid back cafe with generous coffee servings and the best brunch around. order the butterscotch pancakes or toasted banana bread - they're unbelievable. plus, the cafe is doggie friendly.I love this place. It has a funky atmosphere, decent and original food for vegetarians (like me), and reasonable pricing, with "happy hour" coffee discounts.  I stop in just about every time I am on the avenue.I went in 10 minutes before they close for a steamer and they wouldn't make me a steamer or anything decaf for me (I'm pregnant) because they had already cleaned the machine. They couldn't wait 10 minutes to clean the machine?? I find that really unprofessional. I went right down to B2 and got a great steamer. 
Update:
One of the owners contacted me and made it right and I really appreciate it. Thanks black and brew for caring about the community. Docked one star for the one bad experience but all others have been good. Thanks again!Super friendly staff and if you don't love the owners it's a reflection on you, not them!  Best breakfast on East P-yunk, delicious coffee and best of all, even though the inside is a tad cramped, you are welcome as long as they are open and they have music playing at a reasonable level that is appropriate for a place where people meet to socialize. Other place for coffee in the immediate area that shall remain nameless has equally good coffee and more room, but a staff that is luke-warm at best who often times plays garbage that is so bad you can see curious looks on other patrons faces as they search desperately for some earbuds. 
     I highly recommend the breakfast burritos, but only if a breakfast BLT with a fried egg on it sounds unappealing because that damned sandwich is the type of thing that makes Philadelphia and USA as a whole great!I am an early morning riser and being new to this neighborhood and fresh out of Nespresso I was scouring the block at 7am for an open coffee house. Score! This place is so cute and quaint & serve up a fierce breakfast menu to boot! Got myself an iced coffee red eye (made with my favorite bean - La Columbine). Couldn't resist trying out a bite to eat and went for the breakfast burrito. Everything inside that wrap was fresh and hot & reminded me of the burritos I used to eat at Bonnaroo music festival. Great little corner shop that will be a staple for this girlNice place to sit down and relax on weekdays. I enjoy the outdoor sitting over the summer. I don't recommend to go on the weekends, (crowded) but everything on their menu it's worth the wait.I absolutely love everything about Black & Brew. It is the perfect place to get some work done when you need a change of scenery from your home office and the staff are always warm and welcoming. The food is fresh and delicious and the prices are gentle on my wallet. The offer free Wi-Fi (hence the home-away-from-home office) and bottomless mugs of coffee for $2.50!
Whether it's breakfast, lunch, or a snack on the go--Black and Brew is one of my favorite East Passyunk establishments!We had breakfast there this past weekend.  I ordered the standard with veggie sausage and toast.  The potatoes were great (which is rare at most placed - either undercooked or burnt, but at B&B they were perfect.  My eggs were done exactly the way I like them.  Over but not too runny.  So many places never get them the way I like them but B&B did them perfectly as well.  The coffee was great. Sriracha on the table is a plus but no jam for the toast, (wish I had asked but the line was huge).  Word of warning,  it is crowded over the weekends but after you eat there you will see why.  Rapidly joining the top places for breakfast in the city!A great place to chill. Their breakfasts are fresh. They have great choices for lunch as well. Awesomely friendly staff!I've been here millions of times and they're never let me down. All the food has been great, the coffee is fantastic, and staff is very nice. This shop is great. I would say that it is on the louder side for a coffee shop... I'm not sure I'd want to bring my laptop and work there unless it was off hours.I miss you black and brew! i used to come here EVERYDAY before i opened my own business - now no time. :(  The coffee and staff are fabulous! i don't even have to order, they know what i want when i walk in - just how a neighborhood place should be. they even have treats for my dog! fun, friendly and good eats. :) my favorite is sitting outside in the summer with an iced hazelnut latte, a breakfast sandwich (everything bagel, sausage, egg & cheddar!) and my dog. ah - i can't wait! :)This coffee shop/ restaurant is an amazing place to come to eat and have good coffee. They have a variety of options for people with dietary needs and its freshly made! Also the people who work there are awesome and friendly! I recommend the paleo lovers breakfast, health nut smoothy, Popeyes breakfast burrito, and the cold brewed coffee. Honestly anything on the menu you get you will be happy with!Local quick spot to grab la colmbe coffee and pretty good food. I had the veggie omelette with turkey sausage. It was ok but somewhat runny and the sausage was obviously from a package. The service was nice though and simple, cheery decor.Some weekend mornings we go to black and brew instead of Chhaya because it's closer to us. I always regret it. 
The bagels are fine. They taste like grocery store bagels which is better than no bagel. But they are absolutely not worth the trash service. 
The wait is always excessive, even when they're not busy. On multiple occasions we have picked up bagels to bring home only to discover we were given the wrong bagels. Usually we just let it go, but today I called to see if we could swap it out. First time I called the line went dead. Each time I called back the line was busy. 
When I finally got through I told the person at the end of the line about the mistake. "Well do you want to come and swap it?" I mean, not really, but that's the best option. 
Sure enough when my partner gets there (even though I called ahead) he has to wait! For a bagel! No apologies, nothing about the inconvenience. 
Save yourself the headache and just go eat delicious food with the nice people at chhaya.I decided to brunch today and went to Black N Brew for a bite to eat.  I'd never eaten there before, but have stopped in for their coffee, which is serviceable when needed.  I ordered the breakfast burrito with a side of sausage and was promptly greeted with one of the worst breakfast's I have ever eaten.  The consistency of all the ingredients was exactly the same, and the flavors unintelligible from one another.  I was unsure what I was eating, and the whole thing, if not doused in hot sauce, ended up tasting something like gruel wrapped in a flavorless tortilla.  The sausage was cold and lackluster.  For the $10 I payed, the portion was appropriate.  I am so disappointed.I ate brunch here the other day, and the overall experience was mediocre at best. 
I do understand this place is pretty popular, but the seating was inadequate (two tables in the whole restaurant that could seat more than 1 or 2 people). My part of three ended up standing for a while, sort of hovering over another table while the finished. 
The menu had a lot of great-looking options - from french toast, to omelets and burritos, to sandwiches, paninis, and salads. It was hard to make up my mind. Not to mention, the coffee drinks all looked super yummy. My friend had a Pumpkin Americano which was made with not 1, not 2, but 3 espresso shots! Wowzers. 
I chose the "veggie burger wrap" which ended up being more like a mushy bean burrito and nothing like a veggie burger. There were black beans and chunks of pickle in this mess, and it was rather unappetizing to look at. I even asked one of the servers if this was actually what it should look like, and she confirmed that this was what the "veggie burger wrap" was. (Maybe the one who took my order could've warned me that this was not, in fact, at all, a burger?) I did eat it, but I wouldn't say I really enjoyed it. Oh, and it came with a pretty weak day-old salad which was nothing but romaine and balsamic dressing. 
I'm giving this place a 3-star, because I do have confidence that my experience was a stand-alone poor meal. My friends' brunch looked really good, and the other items I saw come out of the kitchen looked scrumptious, as well.We just received our order from here. We had omelets, potatoes, and toast/english muffins. Both omelets were way over cooked and bland. The potatoes were mediocre. Had we not been so hungry, we would have contacted them and asked for new orders. It's also pretty sad that when they send your meal that includes toast, they don't even consider sending any kind of jam. Although, they did butter the hell out of the toast...I didn't even ask for that, and I guess wrongfully assumed they would have put butter on the side...along with jam.
Won't be ordering from here again.The folks here are super nice, but I can't in good conscience give more than 2 stars to a coffee shop that sells (bad) "cold brew" in a bottle that just plain tastes burnt.  I was here months ago and the house cold brew was pretty good.  Sad to say it's no longer the case.  I also had a wrap that was called a mushroom sandwich but had very few mushrooms on it.This is one of my favorite brunch places! They have great vegetarian options, the service is fast and friendly, and it's affordable.With people like Colleen D opening up great quality stores like this it's our duty to support local businesses to keep them open.Best coffee I've ever had, and the have great breakfast. The environment is small and cozy. I envy those that live in close proximity to this place. If I had the option Id go here everyday. I'd love to try out their pancakes so that's next on my list.Came here for breakfast and were delighted at the vegan options to choose from. We both ordered the vegan hash, which was a very healthy and big serving of different beans, some root vegetables, and nice bread. Very reasonably priced. You order up at the front and the food comes outs fast. Very much recommended.what happened!!?!?! i used to come to this place a lot about a year ago. a charming, seemingly all-girl run cafe, with great drinks and decently priced average/ consistent breakfast and lunch food. Last week, I went in and waited about 20 minutes to get a coffee... A COFFEE! Now I  have worked in several coffee shops and I know that sometimes there is a line and only a few people working, but this just seemed really inefficient. 
two weeks before this, my boyfriend and I went in to get some breakfast and sit at the bar.  the service was super friendly (that's one thing that's consistent), but then our food came out...   
I wouldn't feed that stuff to my dog.  the breakfast burrito had almost no eggs in it and was virtually all sourcream and some cheddar cheese and salsa.  that's it no beans, no guac. disgusting.  my boyfriend's meal was equally grotesque- a signature omelet, with a HUGE chunk of goat cheese stuck right in the middle. the eggs were fakely yellow, and the tomatoes were slimy and brownish in color. 
and now, prices have been raised yet again.  its sad to see that a place with a lot of potential just isn't worth eating at or waiting in line for 15-20 minutes to grab a coffee on the way to work.Black n brew is one of my favorite coffee and breakfast spots. I used to stop on a weekly basis but my schedule doesn't allow for it anymore. 
The two owners are super nice women who are very appreciative for the business.
They use metropolitan bakery bread(my favorite in the city) and la columbe coffee(some of my favorite coffee in the city). Honestly, that would be enough for me. Throw in free wi-fi, free refills on your coffee, and awesome food(try the black n brew cakes. They are almost like a Swedish pancake served with a yummy butterscotch sauce).
Oh they are also very kid and doggie friendly.Good coffee, really good food, and my dog is allowed to come in and jealously watch as I eat breakfast. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of 5 is because there is a woman who works there who seems less than happy to be serving people. I don't know if she's the cook or what but she can't seem to muster up a smile and when I thank her for bringing me whatever it is she brings me, she doesn't say "you're welcome." She just skulks away. She seems put out by even small requests (for instance, a request for "more ice, please?" was met with a cold stare - and then she got me more ice).  I don't know if she's unhappy or just too cool to smile, but she sometimes brings me down, so I say "Cheer up, Sister!" cuz you're turning a 5 star coffee shop into a 4.This is my favorite coffee shop in the neighborhood. Great coffee, delicious food and super friendly staff. Service is quick, even on a busy Saturday morning. The outdoor seating is great on nice days.. Street trees create some shade on sunny, hot days. 
They are also a baby friendly spot which is another added bonus. They have high chairs and there have been times when my hands were full from holding my son and the staff offered to fix my coffee! And that's why they're my favorite coffee spot in South Philly.The food is ok , the place is just ok , the service is friendly and kind . But it needs a major clean up . It looks sloppy and dirtyI loveeee this place. It is a very nice relaxing environment where you can sit and get some work done, read or just simply relax to the music. Staff is super helpful and very friendly. Most importantly the food is excellent and so are there lattes! I'm a vegan and they have many vegan as well as meat options! Delicious vegan baked goods as well. I come here very often and just love it!One of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant. The ordered a chicken and Swiss panini with German potato salad, it had no taste and I also ordered a draught latte and it was almost purely foam. By time it settled I was already on my way back to work and realized I'd only gotten a third of my drink. Waste of my money and my time. Never go here unless u want to be ripped off and eat garbage.Lady at the counter is exceedingly friendly.  Breakfast quesadilla with veggie sausage hit the spot and a drab morning.  Jazz playing over the speaker.  Great spot to watch the cars and people outside and enjoy the south philly accents.So good- coffee drinks are not too sweet and the food is always fresh and delicious. Get the chai tea latte, it is my fav. When you come, sit outside if it is nice. It is across the street from a cool plant store in a converted warehouse. And, if you drive and find yourself cursing more than usual to find a spot, park in the Acme parking lot down the street, no one will know (shhh I did not tell you this, and you're welcome)Cutest cafe in South Philly. I've been coming here for years and can't believe I've not written a review yet. I love the vibe, food, and service from this hipster spot right on Passyunk Ave. On my most recent visit this week I got the breakfast burrito and home fries. It was perfectly flavored and perfectly filling. My husband had the paleo hash and La Colombe coffee on tap and loved everything as well. If you are in So Philly and looking for a cool and relaxed place to eat, this is your spot. Bonus - they have outdoor seating in the warmer months.After starting out my brunch trip to Black and Brew with a great latte, I was disappointed with the food. I opted for the vegan hash, which was less so a hash and more of a soup. It has large cubes of tofu with a veggie "chili," that was primarily potato, beans, and liquid. The guacamole on top was good, but I wish there was more of it. And though my "toast" was high quality bread, it wasn't toasted in the slightest. 
I probably won't be back from brunch, but there are a lot of wraps and sandwiches that sound pretty great on their menu and will swing by and try one out in the future.Black & Brew is a warm and inviting coffee shop with lots of great natural light. The barista at the counter was so friendly and made a good cafe au lait. This was a wonderful spot to read a book on a lazy afternoon and would be a great place to catch-up with a friend.Even though Black n Brew is literally a 3 minute walk from my house I have been meaning to go there for over 3 months.  Me and a girlfriend went in this morning and grabbed a cup of coffee and a bagel and sat and chatted for a good two hours (it was pretty empty).
The bagel was wonderful and they brew La Colombe coffee which is so yummy.  We were allowed free refills (!) and we felt comfortable to sit and relax which is what a good coffee shop allows you to do.it's small, 
it's pretty reasonably priced, 
it has amazing homemade veggie cream cheese, 
it has plenty of veggie friendly options as well as meaty ones, 
it's filled with cute little pieces of art, 
it has outdoor seating for those times of the year you want to be outside, 
it doesn't allow pets, 
it's an overall pretty neat spot.Yes, the breakfast burrito with bacon is expensive at $9 - but to me, it's worth it.  My fiance and I each get one every Saturday - they are that good!
We also get the peanut butter banana smoothie pretty regularly - sucks that's it's different every time, depending on who is making it. 
Overall a great neighborhood spot!Service is fast, friendly, and food options are great. I hear it's byob now which is a nice addition. Breakfast blt is delicious.If I remember correctly, they have a little corner of the shop laced with toys.  Hurray!  My five year old will be occupied for at least 15 minutes.Stopped by on a hot day to get an iced coffee. My first impression was very positive. The place looked cool and was very clean. Barista was nice and my coffee was delicious.pros:  I enjoy both the drinks and the food, The outside seating is great for me to bring my 2 dogs.
cons: they never put out water for dogs, and the waitresses are AWFUL 80% of the time. 
If you're going to put out bowls for dogs, put water in them and please get your staff to stop wearing sweat pants to work. My 3 stars are for food and drinks.I am only making this review based on the coffee/staff. I did not try any food.
I understand this coffee shop is in the Passyunk Square hipster neighborhood, but I was really turned off by the unfriendly staff. I was waiting at the counter ready to order for a good two minutes, making eye contact with the barista in the interim. The barista was chatting with a friend who was sitting at the counter. I finally ordered, excited that the coffee brewed is La Colombe. Unfortunately, my coffee tasted like it was brewed about 3 hours prior.
However, what I like about Black n Brew is the outside seating and the face you can't move the tables, which is nice for those times when people hog all the tables :)Pancakes were good. Eggs were ehh. I don't know if I'll come here famished ever again, but it was cheap and seems like an ok place to hang out.Came here for brunch while on vacation; my fiancé and I both had the apple pie french toast and it was really good. Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff. Would definitely recommend and revisit in the future.Theres nothing bad about black and brew. Their service is so friendly, their food is awesome and coffee is fresh and hot! My boyfriend and I love their yogurt fruit and granola bowl and their variety of wraps, pancakes, and lunch sandwiches can accommodate anyone's dietary needs. Vegetarian, vegan, omnivore. They have you covered. Get something quick to go or sit for a bit. Either way, get here!I've returned twice to black and brew, after being invited back in by the owner to give the food another shot. The first time we just got breakfast sandwiches. The next time, we got breakfast sandwiches, French toast and a side of potatoes. I thought since the sandwiches tend to be on the bland side, I'd ask for buttered bagels this time, since the bread will come dry unless you specify otherwise.. Unfortunately, they didn't arrive buttered, so I asked for some, for both sandwich and French toast, and also salted everything a bit too. It made all the difference. I'm not really much of a salt fiend, but most food needs some. Perhaps they're trying to be conscientious about added salt. Just bear it in mind. The French toast was prepared well otherwise, and so was the generous portion of potatoes. Everything just needed to be dialed up a notch to be tastier. For a counter service cafe with good options and local sourcing, it's still a solid bet.This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The vibe at the place is awesome; it feels really cozy and the staff is great.  The coffee is good.
But as Jon L said, this is as much of a dining establishment as it is a coffeeshop.  They have a full kitchen in the back and do an excellent breakfast.  The menu is simple, but they have weekly specials to keep things interesting.  If you're sick of waiting 45 minutes to get into brunch at some of the well known places, check this place out.Popped in here one morning to wait out a storm and traffic congestion.  Great selection of home made food, lovely coffees, friendly staff, lovely atmosphere and wireless.  What more can you ask for.....What would appear to be a cute, quaint little coffee shop and cafe, (run by all girls???) was quite a roller coaster of an experience for me last week.  I went in hoping to find some cheap breakfast on-the-go.  I had heard some good things from friends who live on Passyunk, so I figured I'd try it out. I wound up paying 12 dollars or something like that and walking out with all sorts of baked goods and bagels and things I didn't need. (Apparently there's a 10 dollar credit card minimum, so come prepared with cash).  My 12 ounce oatmeal cost like 5 dollars because I wanted to add some raisins and brown sugar to it.  A chocolate chip muffin cost me somewhere near 3 dollars, and I hoped that would be the saving grace, after the oatmeal which was cold and clumpy was promptly discarded in the trash.  It wasn't.  It tasted like the inside of a cardboard box.  Luckily, the smoothie was delicious... (I think I got the berry mix or something like that.)  Idk, perhaps their cooked breakfasts are better than the stuff they have up front.
The only other strange thing was I saw a girl who I'm pretty sure was an employee, as she had been standing behind the counter, walk out crying.  To whoever that barista/girl is: I hope you're feeling better.Very nice. Coffee excellent. Get the bottomless brew especially if you have a meal. Nice food choices. Lots of vegetarian. Table had Sriracha. Perfect for the breakfast burrito I failed to capture a picture because I jumped in and started chowing down. Restrooms clean. Good sign. Gets busy. Parking and narrow streets only hassle.Love this place. Pretty solid food, great vegan/veg options, unique breakfast and lunch options. South philly girl panini is bomb. Also great staff...I always see the one guy with the tattoos who is sooo nice (dave?) but everyone there rocks.This coffee Shop has a great atmosphere and excellent service.  The food was fantastic and the owner was friendly and accommodating.  
I came to Black and Brew with my sister and her boyfriend and we enjoyed joking around with the owner as we were ordering and everything was great.  The coffee tasted great and the breakfast sandwich -Bacon egg and cheese - (which they serve all day) was fantastic.  It was served on a delicious bread which was toasted perfectly and the portion was just enough to fill me up without stuffing me.Barista was informative and helpful. The coffee was very strong but tasty. Food was above average 
Perhaps I will return for a latte.The pancakes are amazing. Sandwiches amazing.  And we got small pieces of watermelon to go with our food.  I definitely will come back.We stopped in for breakfast this morning - and we were only one of two tables that had people in for breakfast.  The coffee was good and I would definitely go back for more coffee - the food was OK.  Not great, not bad, just OK and I would probably go back one more time to see if the experience is any better or not. 
It's quite small inside, but friendly enough.
I love the area - the neighborhood is great - as my hair dresser FRINGE is right down the street!On repeat visits, I can confirm that Black & Brew has excellent coffee, although I haven't tried their specialty coffees. My namesake, David, behind the counter is cheerfully efficient. As in my previous review, my strong recommendation of the vegan hash still stands.I stopped in one day, very hungover, very much needing a coffee to tide me over til I could get to the cantina and have a couple bloody marys. The 1/2 a block is a killer, i know! Anyway, it was busy, but the staff was friendly (if a bit slow? My somewhat fuzzy memory seems to think it took a reeeeaaally long time to get my mocha) but luckily, being hungover, i was not at all impatient. Although I do have to go back and try again before really forming an opinion, I'm not terribly impressed. My espresso was burnt pretty badly. Oh well.This is such a great place! The owners and those that work there are so nice and make the experience so comfortable and homey. 
The breakfast selection is extensive and really tasty, I love the oatmeal and pancakes. Their coffee is the best!!!
It is small, so weekend morning are tight, so get there early!!I love this little coffee spot. The coffee itself is great, and their food is also very delicious. The menu is packed with breakfast and lunch choices, and they even have many vegan options. The staff is really nice. While the coffee shop feels kind of fancy, the people there will make you feel right at home.Great coffee excellent service super nice people great views sit out on the sidewalk and look at the Magnificent Philadelphia women walk by. Hang out with the king of Real Estate of Passyunk Larry Lichtman the Don of real estate on Passyunk. #EastPassyunk#LarrylovesPhillyCozy neighborhood coffee place. Super friendly staff, great neighbors, clean, cheerful, and a good place to sit and work on your computer through your breakfast and lunch. Good homemade food and baked goods, good coffee, and I like the rotating artwork and LOVE the outdoor seating. Neighborhood go-to.How I love thee, Black n Brew. How very much indeed. Why no 5-star review? I'll get that out of the way...
No blue packets. Big pain in my rear. 
And I would REALLY prefer it if you were open a little later. I would kill to have your tofu scramble for dinner. Why can't you do this, damnit?
OK - now I will Yelp poetic all up on you. 
Coffee so good. Menu makes me insane with glee. The space induces a strange relaxation response. Regular customers are folk that make me happy - everyone from hipsters to gymgoing muscleboys. 
I have been making morning pilgrimages here with a friend almost weekly - and we are kept happy with coffee, soy shakes, and brunch fare. 
               So, that being said...can you get some Equal over there at the condiment counter? Cause that would really be great.Black & Brew is a nice little breakfast/brunch spot that can easily be overlooked. Its right on the corner of 15th & East Passyunk Ave. Just walking by this place it appears small and divvy, it's very easy to overlook. Once you walk in,  order off of their menu, and sit down with your La Columbe coffee your thoughts will then change. A lot of locals frequent this place for breakfast and many come in for their morning cup of coffee.
They have quite an extensive menu and are very accommodating. They have dairy alternatives like Soy Milk and have egg whites vs. real eggs. I ordered the omelets with spinach, tomato, goat cheese and asked for egg whites. That came with hash browns and bread. The omelets was really good. The goat cheese seemed to melt into the omelets really enhancing its flavor. The taste of the hash browns were very home like. They use actual real potatoes and season them well. 
I also ordered the chai tea latte with soy. It was very smooth and definitely good to the last drop. Everyone here is friendly and attentive. The prices aren't bad for the quality of food that you get. The only downfall here, is that Black and Brew, can get super busy and its really on the small side. So sometimes there isn't really an open table. You can however always take your food to go.Go to coffee shop on Passyunk Ave.  They serve la columbe coffee so it's high quality and you have the options for their pure black (cold brew) and draft latte. Food is delicious, especially the breakfast options. I always go for the popeye burrito but you really can't go wrong there. Cool atmosphere and very friendly staff.If you're starting your day at in Passyunk Square, don't pass by this location.. This will be the highlight of your day!
My advice to Black & Brew:
Don't change a thing on the Hot Apple Cider or Black and Tea; had them Sunday and they were both amazing! Dave was awesome and sold me right away on adding whipped cream to the cider and not to drink too fast so I don't choke on the cinnamon..  Wish I knew about Black N Brew sooner..I can't say enough good things about this place. The food, coffee and atmosphere are wonderful, but more importantly, the staff radiates joy. 
I've not come across kinder, happier people in a very long time.Everything I'd want from a Passyunk square cafe wrapped into a little shop literally at a corner. Not nearly as many studiers or hipsters as across the street - much more of a casual family/lounging atmosphere. My only regret is that I don't live closer to this spot - but it's worth the walk for coffee and pancakes nonetheless. 
I've only been twice but each experience was good. The girls behind the counter were prompt with my coffee and breakfast came out hot and steaming. Pancakes were delicious, so was the egg breakfast I had.  The food wasn't Honey's or Morning Glory, but it was yummy.  This spot was packed when I got here both times from people wanting breakfast (like a diner) and others wanting to coffee lounge. My only hesitation for the 5th star is that this place does not bolster near the space to accommodate both. If you came during the rush, you'd be waiting or taking it to go (like I almost did). Real estate is still cheap down there, hopefully they can expand in the future!Folks are not friendly here. 
The portions are big but the food is below basic. At least they serve La ColombeThe cafe itself is a bit cramped but really cozy. I stopped by for some food with a friend and we had ordered a wrap and panini sandwich. The panini that I had ordered was the Tomato and mozz panini with homefries that were a bit under seasoned and bland. The sandwich itself was okay, I just wish the pita wasn't soggy. But I hope to stop by again to try their coffees and teas.Horrible service, ordered a meal that took an hour to serve. Only received half of the meal. Told the cashier that I was still missing my friends meal and he said he would hand deliver it outside. A half hour went by and he never came out. Ended up leaving, will never go back again.Food was delivered cold. The hash browns were old and tasteless. My spicy turkey sandwich was dry and nothing special. The mushroom vege wrap had an odd flavor to it. Won't be getting food from here again there's so many other options in the city that are much more appetizing. Surprised the reviews are good for this placeAwesome breakfast spot with quite the variety. Got some oatmeal with cinnamon, bananas and walnuts which was exceptional. Girlfriend got the egg, sausage and cheese on a bagel which was also great. Coffee was also great, as you'd expect per the name.Got my breakfast delivered this morning from here. I decided to give it a shot because it's a rare place near my job where breakfast isn't five billion dollars. 
I didn't get anything mind blowing, just a two egg platter. It was tasty. The vegan scrapple was good, potatoes were well seasoned. It hit the spot and delivery was fast!I'll make it easy for you. Get the Sticky Thriller with an extra shot of espresso and thank me later for your life changing experience.Yay for vegan AND gluten free options!
Ordered from this place on a lazy Monday morning on a day off of work and was quite surprised at how good it was! We ordered through Caviar, which now (or maybe it always did) charges both a service fee AND a delivery fee (which was like $8 in total) but I had a coupon for free delivery. Anyways, this review is about the food and not the delivery service. 
I ordered "The Breakfast Burrito" which was supposed to come with eggs, beans, cheese, sour cream, guac and salsa. I opted for the vegan option which replaced the cheese and sour cream with vegan options (I am lactose intolerant, not vegan). I also opted for the gluten free wrap. However, I noted on the order that I am allergic to cilantro, so they omitted the guac and salsa (which in hind sight is kind of sucky because both of things are delicious if you don't ruin it with cilantro...I digress). Still paid for those things, I guess. I also added turkey bacon because yum. 
My mate got the "Popeye Burrito" with spinach and goat cheese and added bacon. He enjoyed his very much. 
Overall for mine, "The Breakfast Burrito", I found it to be quite satisfying. The vegan cheese and sour cream seemed authentic enough for me. I really wish they would have reduced the price for omitting the guac and salsa though. However, and I'm sorry to have to say this, the gluten free wrap was trash. It was so dry that I ended up picking most of it off. I don't know if the salsa and guac would have helped with the chalk of a wrap that was served, but I'll never know. 
I'm looking now and each burrito was $11.50, which I think is pretty okay but I don't find myself ordering burritos a lot because of the whole dairy free gluten free thing. It's up to you, I suppose!The coffee was pretty food.  However was disappointed to get a short pour when I responded with "very little room" when asked about milk.  I am not the customer who pours coffee in the trash to pour copious amounts of milk in and ruin my beverage.  I am one of those who appreciates the nuances of the actual coffee flavor and also like drink as much coffee as a cup can hold.  
Moving along, the pastries looked really tasty and it was a fun, low-key setting.  They have several tables as well as a small counter that you can eat your food at.  Although I didn`t order a smoothie, those are also available here.  So if you want to get your fix of a healthy fruit, yogurt, etc concoction after a night out at P.O.P.E. they can take care of that for you as well.  Also dug the art on the outside wall, a nice shift from other drab buildings.Black & Brew has some of the greatest and healthiest meals. They make a mean breakfast burrito!! The food is so fresh, filling and really affordable. I love the friendly and welcoming atmosphere.  It is a great place for me to grab a bite or spend my afternoon chilling out with a good book. I love it!  I encourage anyone and everyone to check it out. You won't be disappointed!My first Yelp review.  I would begin by saying something like "Meh," but I really, really @###ing hate it when people say "Meh."
I'd like to give this place three stars or at least two and a half but as I'm bound by whole numbers it's getting two for now.  Upon moving to the area I had high hopes for the place since it seems to be fairly non-cliquey and serves a wide variety of things, including breakfast all day (and who doesn't like breakfast all day?).
Unfortunately I'm just not that impressed with the food.  I had the "turkey reuben" on my first visit.  If you want to reinvent the reuben go ahead, but at least do it well.  It was served on triangles of pita bread (??), contained almost no sauerkraut and dressing and had a lot of cheese.  So basically this wasn't a reuben at all, it was a half-assed quesadilla on pita without salsa.
A couple of other times I've had their breakfast fare and found it to be pretty mediocre.  I don't think they use high-quality ingredients.  The worst of all was today when I got a brownie from the pastry case and it was the worst brownie I've ever had in my life, extremely dry with a cardboard taste.  I asked the guy working behind the counter to throw it away.  He was nice enough to offer me something else, but I just decided to cut my losses, take my latte and head down to Artisan Boulanger/Pastissier for a real pastry.
I must say that at least I've found all the staff very friendly there, including the aforementioned guy, who I'm pretty sure has some nasty b.o., but at least he's accommodating.  I'm not saying I won't return.  It's a close, easy breakfast.  I haven't had their coffee but have no complaints about the espresso drinks.
Side note:  they need to adopt a no-shirt, no service policy.  I was in there a few days ago and the presence of a shirtless bozo-the-clown-haired hipster really brought down the ambience for me as a customer.
As another reviewier mentioned, we seem to have a Hobson's Choice between this place and B2 (which I also don't care for).  But there is the boulanger down the road...
I get the feeling a lot of the businesses around here don't try hard enough because they figure they've got a captive audience.  I hope that isn't true.This is a lovely little coffeeshop in a great location that always has fun veggie/vegan options and specials. Perfect for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.
I've been here probably a dozen times, and the service is always very friendly. (Probably because my dad and stepmom live less than a block away so go there at least once a week.) I've had a bunch of stuff there, but most recently, the Popeye's wrap with eggs, spinach, goat cheese, tomato, and potato. I would have done without the potato (one carb per bite is enough for me), and the wrap needed more seasoning, but I understand some people like things less salty.
Come here to get work done, relax, or have your whole family! Everyone will be able to find something to eat here.This shop has a pretty good breakfast menu to go along with the coffe they serve, which is pretty good. Nice interior, pleasant workers, and wi-fi.. Good luck finding parking though.. Thats the only downside to shopping in this area..My favorite local spot. I am a resident on 11th street and I can find myself here at least once a week! Fast & friendly service can always be expected! Amazing vegetarian & vegan options. The veggie sausage is awesome and the tofu scramble is not to be missed. The staff here is always helpful and never has an attitude like the folks over at B2!This place gets really crowded but it's for a reason.  Really good food.  I came here for breakfast.  The cashier was really sweet and funny.  I did wait a bit for my food but it was worth it.  I had the eggs with toast, bacon and some of the tastiest breakfast potatoes.  I wish the place was a little bigger but other than that all goodThis is one of my favorite places to go if I need a good cup-a-joe and a sandwich in a relaxing environment. The Black n' Brew serves up breakfast and lunch items at very affordable prices and if you're feeling like you're over the hipster vibe at Morning Glory or Sabrina's, the Black n' Brew is a perfect place to go on a lazy Sunday morning.Really cute coffee shop with awesome outdoor seating. I got a tasty caramel latte and a breakfast sandwich on a bagel. Only reason I didn't give 5/5 is because I'm a snobby New Yorker and it's hard to beat an NY bagel.I come here a lot.  The food is good and the service is friendly.  For a neighborhood that is growing increasingly more expensive to live in, Black and Brew is still reasonable. You can get breakfast for under $10 and their "happy hour" is a good deal.  I haven't had great luck with their baked goods. Any time I've gotten a bagel, brownie, or cookie they've been stale or not that tasty. The outside tables are nice, but my biggest complaint it's that many customers think nothing of lighting up a cigarette out there which pretty much ruins it for you if you were hoping to get some fresh air with your food. I wish the management would ask people not to smoke at their tables (you'd think it would be common courtesy to refrain from smoking while people are eating, but i guess this form of ettiquite had gone out the window!) Anyway, it's a great place to stop in for breakfast or lunch.Great great brunch spot in East Passyunk/South Philly.  Its a casual spot but they serve all breakfast favorites and more with a foodie touch.  They have outdoor seating as well, not terribly hard to fine a table.  You order at the food far and then sit down, but the line moves fast and they bring out the food.  Breakfast sammies are my partner's favorite, finding good ones is harder than expected, they do them well.  Overall, great cafe style brunch spot with great foodie options.  Glutten free options as well.I live in the area and really love to support our local businesses, but I just can't recommend this place. The food is only OK, and even when it's not busy everything is so slow and humorless. I stopped going because I got tired of standing unacknowledged at the counter for minutes on end, then waiting 10 minutes for a single bagel.Really cute place, with delicious food and drinks. It's cozy with cool stuff on the wall, and is wonderful for having coffee with friends. It is a little on the cramped side if your party is larger than 2 people, though.Would you like some turkey to go with that cup of spicy mustard spread on that pita? The Spicy Turkey Panini was just too overwhelmed with mustard and lacked anything else. I feel like there are better options for heat than the slathering of mustard on bread. The breakfast BLT was probably toasted on a pound of butter. Maybe it was just a bad day, I want to like this little joint.Decent neighborhood place.  It gets a little busy on the weekends, especially with the brunch crowd, but don't let that scare you off.  The food hits the spot, though the portions are a bit small in proportion with the price.  The staff for the most part was patient with us while we took the time to read all of the many options on the chalkboard and the coffee is served in actual mugs (with free refills).  We tipped big.  See?  A place where both workers and customers win!  What a concept.Had breakfast: banana pancakes and turkey bacon both of which were really good but not nearly as good as the service was.Don't you hate it when you go to your neighborhood/corner coffeeshop, hungry for breakfast but they only have little danishes/muffins? Well this is your spot. I love the casual, order at the counter approach, but without losing the service and quality of a full service restaurant. The menu is pretty extensive and there are specials to make it even harder to decide. The portion sizes were very fair and the prices affordable. This is going to be our go-to spot for a quick, easy, tasty and filling breakfast in the neighborhood.My review might be a little biased as I'm currently eating my delicious breakfast sandwich as I type this. The breakfast BLT might be the most amazing breakfast sandwich ever. Perfectly buttered toast with 2 fries eggs, bacon, lettuce, tomato and of course mayo. It comes with their fabulous home fries which are seasoned perfectly. Wash it down with some La Columbe coffee and you are pretty much set to have an amazing day. On a separate but equally important note, it's very clean and "cool" feeling inside and the staff is always very friendly. It's a difficult balance for a barista to make take out coffee/food and effectively play waitress for those eating in house but they manage it well even when busy. I recommend calling in your food if you're in a hurry.This is the only place other than Saxby's that knows how to make a good americano! The service here is always friendly and welcoming. They also have a lot of breakfast/lunch options for a small cafe, so come here over B2 (can't make americano right) or rival bros (also can't make an americano right).Sadly enough I'm writing this review as a note to myself in hopes that I see this review when it shows up next time I try to Yelp a place for brunch. I've been here 2 times. The first time I walked in because green eggs was packed and I didn't want to wait.  I guess it was so mediocre that I didn't even remember coming so hence the second time I walked in was last weekend because I wanted to try someplace new LOL (well this looks familiar").  
Anyways, I ordered a simple everything bagel with egg and cheese.  Well, it was probably the worst bagel I've ever had, dry and hard. Almost tasted like it was placed on the counter overnight.  My boyfriend order the "deelux" which was just eggs, potatoes, and pancakes with a side of sausage.  It was probably the sloppiest plate of mess I've ever seen. They pretty much plopped the pancakes on top of the egg and potatoes? Seriously ? Does it cost too much to serve the pancakes on another plate ?  Overall absolutely disgusting breakfast, a bad Sunday breakfast sometimes ruins my day.  Please let this review show up if I ever look at this place on Yelp. 
Side note, coffee isn't too bad but really isn't worth coming for with numerous awesome coffee spots in philly. So no gracias, I'll pass!Amazing breakfast food! That was soo good! We had the signature omelette (topped it with mushrooms) and the pancakes with blueberries YUMM! Good stuff. I wish the pancakes were hot though that's all :) and great service despite the businessNot good for groups, small shop but great food and coffee! Prices are very reasonable too :) get the Popeyes burrito and they have great cookies and muffinsBlack N Brew is a cozy breakfast/brunch cafe that has everything from bagels to BLTs to pancakes.  They also have an equally impressive coffee/latte/smoothie selection that is made to order.  The inside wall space has local artwork for sale and the outside features a huge mural made by the one and only Isaiah Zagar.  The atmosphere reminded me of a laid back California eatery.  I opted for the vegan tofu scramble with a side of potatoes.  It came out quickly and was really tasty.  My only complaint would be that they gave me buttered toast to go with my vegan dish, but they remedied their mistake as soon as it was brought to their attention.  It seems like there's something for everyone here and it's definitely worth the trip.  If you can't find street parking, the Acme is right up the street.This review is for coffee only.
Stopped in on my lunch break today while running errands around Passyunk Square. 
Ordered an iced americano from the lovely gentleman barista and sat at the counter which has hysterically tall seats, I'm 5'4" and the chair backs were almost up to my chin! I had fun climbing up and getting down from them, but could see them being a problem for others. 
Yummy coffee and attentive service. Will certainly return again when in the area.*3.5 stars
A cozy cafe with a semi-yuppy but still not to pretentious vibe. The breakfast is supremely vegetarian friendly and actually quite delicious.
I had a breakfast combo which came with home fries, pancakes, eggs and veggie (or regular, if you want) sausage. While fairly unimaginative, everything tasted fresh and...well, good. This combo costs 10 bucks, which is an OK price. It will leave you full without being overfull. Basically, this is place to go if you want to 'grab a bite'...not if you are starving.
The barista was very friendly and helpful.
MOST IMPORTANTLY: There is a pop-up book about "Action Robots" lying around. It is AWESOME! If anything, go just for this book. The pop-ups are like, interactive and shit. Sometimes you can pull a string and stuff. The last page is about how robots might take over the world. So yes, I would recommend this place.What an adorable coffee shop. The bf and I were looking for a cute coffee shop to stop at during our morning in Philly. I searched yelp and found this place (it's very close to Termini Bros, so their location & their avg. rating were the deciding factors). I ordered their mocha latte, which was very tasty and comforting on a cold March day. My boyfriend ordered their house blend with a shot of espresso. We both enjoyed our drinks. This place is super tiny, so I imagine it would be a bit tricky to enjoy a meal here on a busy weekend with a long line for coffee going on. Having said that, it's really cute and cozy inside. The outside is beautiful- I was definitely taking a bunch of touristy photos of the beautiful tiled artwork.Great latte and tea optionsBlack N Brew seems to be my backup spot when my previous choices are either too busy or closed. Luckily, it's a very good spot for coffee and brunch and I definitely recommend coming here as a first choice. I haven't been here while it is busy which is good because the wait will most likely be forever and I might not be able to find a seat. The girl who made my coffee behind the counter moved really fast, though. My iced white chocolate coffee and California burger wrap were amazing. Can't wait to try more things on the menu.
There is indoor and outdoor seating.  Parking is street and I've never had a problem finding it. They do accept credit cards although I don't know if there is a minimum.They brew La Colombe (never a bad thing)
They have a healthy menu and vegan options (always a plus)
Friendly staff.
Tasty baked goods.Check my tip and remember this place is very clean the people are  really nice. I can't think of nothing to complain about it's a great place that I'll be visiting over and over again and you will to after you try them.A nice cosy spot on S. Passyunk. My visiting friend and I stopped in this lovely little spot for sunday breakfast and we were well rewarded for our visit. With many vegetarian and vegan options, it made for a satisfying brunching spot while in the area. Will definitely be heading back when i am in the area again.Needed a place this morning for breakfast after picking up someone from an overnight flight, before we headed in to the Franklin Institute.  I'm from the suburbs, so had to choose from reviews, and this place fit the bill in terms of menu variety, taking credit cards, price and location.  All of us were pleased with our food (two sandwiches, a deluxe platter, and an order of yogurt), and the coffee drinkers were very pleased with the coffee.  I would definitely go back if I had a reason to be in the area.What?!? Starbucks? Uhhhhh Starbucks can eat turds cause Black and Brew, or B&B, or BB, or BeeBee BooBoo is where I now go for my morning coffee. First off the service there is always great, regardless of who has served me there I always end up in a good mood cause happy people make me happy, but sweet sweet awesome coffee does too. The vanilla cappuccino is my regular staple but the Red Eye is pretty great too. If you are really in the mood for something ridonculous, yes ridonculous, try the peanut butter, chocolate, coffee, banana drink, it'll blow your pants off. 
The food here is amazing, especially considering how quickly they get it made for you. The breakfast burritos are pretty freaking sweet and a great way to start off my morning with delicious food but not having it either cook it myself or pay out the nose for it. You should probably not go eat there though cause that means my small neighborhood coffee shop would get too crowded.Good, strong ass coffee.  The guy who works at the counter is great and the food is pretty good. 
It's not too hipster or pretentious, but also a cool spot to go.  That is a very hard feat to pull off.I generally like Black & Brew a lot. Amidst the sea of pretense that you typically encounter in Philadelphia coffee shops, it's refreshing to come across a cafe that is relaxed, has a really nice and open atmosphere, and doesn't have a staff who looks like they just came back from the most recent show at Kung Fu Necktie. 
It really is the entire package. Black & Brew has really good coffee, and their prices aren't ridiculous (unlike a certain B2, cough cough). While I typically stick with plain black, they offer creative fancy latte drinks and a variety of smoothies which you can amp up with all sorts of healthy things if you so choose. They also have really good food, which ranges from simple to decadent. The prices are fair, and while the portions aren't super huge, it's enough to fill you up and make you feel like you're getting your money's worth. Honestly, my favorite thing to get there is a simple bagel with hummus and a tomato slice because whatever they do to their hummus is awesome. The hint of cinnamon - and it really is just a hint - is something I would've never thought to put in hummus but it's sooooooso good. Also - they have a list of weekly rotating specials so things are always exciting in terms of food. 
Black & Brew is also really community oriented. They offer classes on all sorts of topics, and I believe the one coming up next is with a nutrition counselor or something about helping people break a sugar addiction. Along with that, local artist and Philadelphia celeb Isaiah Zagar's famous murals line the outside walls (but really, where isn't he these days?), while neighborhood artists get the chance to line the inside with their up-and-coming great works. 
I'm taking off a star for two reasons, though. The first is the hours. They aren't open past 7pm during the week, and 4pm on the weekends. I'm the type of person who can't study in my apartment because I associate my apartment with laziness and doing nothing, not school work, so it's kind of a bummer when one of my favorite cafes isn't open late enough for me to get a caffeine fix prior to a study session. I'm not suggesting staying open to midnight, but 9 or 10pm would be greatly appreciated (this is a nod to 90% of cafes, to be honest). Secondly, I was in their yesterday studying for a test in the early afternoon and they kept blaring music that would make more sense being played in a club, not a cafe (Rhianna? Katy Perry? T-Pain? Come on now). I know I said that I like how this place is lacking in pretense, but perhaps that's a double-edged sword because I would've killed for something more mellow and folky. Oh well, I still love this place bunches :]Great food and coffee. Super friendly staff. It's a great local dive. We went twice while we were in town. Would highly recommend.Cute little cafe that's easy to miss at the start of the east Passyunk area. We didn't want any food so we just sat down and got two drinks, the iced chai latte and the matcha iced tea. The drinks were really good and the food looked even better from what I could see around me, although we didn't get any. What I really liked about this place was the cute ambience, there was a man playing saxophone outside and the interior of the cafe is very classy and European looking and whatnot. The drinks were good as well, albeit maybe a little overpriced for what they are. They also seemed to have sandwiches, brunch, and lighter fare for food options. Good place for a nice respite in your day in the very cute area of East passyunk.I am VERY happy I stumbled into this place.  From the outside it's a bit  impenetrable, it doesn't t look like there's a whole lot going on inside...but once you get in there, it's a great little cafe with wi-fi, loads of breakfast and coffee options and sandwiches and paninis too. I dug the little tables with photos between the plexiglass-- it gave it a clean, artistic feel--not schlocky like some other coffee shops.  They had a lot of photos displayed, but it didn't look like a show of one artist's work, which I would like to see in the space.
I got the breakfast burrito sans dairy, which was perfect.  Fresh ingredients, tasty guac and freshly scrambled eggs (not microwaved like some coffee shops tend to do).  They also had interesting specials like pea and onion scrambled eggs and country tomato soup.  I think I'm going to try everything at some point.  The staff were friendly and very helpful when the wi-fi was initially not working.This review is long overdue, have been going here for a year now since i moved to the neighborhood and every time I go (for either breakfast or lunch) it is dynamite, the food is diverse, ingredients are fresh, and the atmosphere and staff couldn't be friendlier.  They have a super list of specialty coffees and smoothies that are all great...Ten minutes for a toasted bagel with cream cheese?!? Nobody was ahead of me in line. When I asked the employee why it took so long, he shrugged and said there were a lot of grubhub orders in the back. Truly unacceptable.While I enjoyed my omelette at Black N Brew, and coffee the hash browns weren't great and the toast was eh.  It was good, but it was more expensive than I expected.  To be fair, it was a Sunday morning so they were probably at their busiest when me and my friend arrived.  It was good, just maybe not worth the eleven dollars I spent, or I may have gotten the wrong thing.  My friend got a BLT with fried eggs on it and that looked very good, and both our orders came with more food then we could eat.  Once I make  a little more money I'll go again and see if I feel differently.Great and friendly service, delicious food and drank, and cozy atmosphere. This place has become my new weekly lunch spot. Very glad I stumbled into here while I was in the area.So the wife and I went here for brunch last Sunday and had some of the most disappointing food we have ever had. There was maybe three people that were sitting at the tables and also no line, so we went in and ordered our food. I got a sausage breakfast sandwich wrap with sausage and a side of potatoes, my wife got some platter with pancakes, eggs, bacon, and potatoes. I got a mocha ice coffee, and she got tea. The drinks were the best part of the meal. 
We sat at our table and waited and waited and waited. I took a look at my clock and saw that we had been waiting for over twenty minutes. The "waitress", and i say that within quotes because i don't believe a waitress should be wearing an outfit that looks like she wore it to bed and also I don't want to stare at ass crack while eating. anyway she never came over to tell us what was up with our food, though we did make eye contact several times with her. Finally the counter person told us our food will be done in a minute, she should have said five minutes.
When the food finally came out it was luke-warm and had the worst pancakes we had ever seen. my wrap was half filled with egg and it had one small breakfast sausage that was quartered in it. The wrap was mostly tortilla. The potatoes I ordered were nothing but boiled red skinned potatoes with no taste. my wife's plate was not better. The pancakes were hideous, now I understand now they are gluten free but at the time we didn't, they looked like they were made in a panini press that was made out of butter. The eggs were rubbery and the bacon was fine. 
When we complained that the pancakes were the most hideous ones we have ever seen in our lives, the "waitress" said, "oh um.... Yeah, well I don't make them so.... sorry?"
All in all our experience here lasted almost an hour when it should have taken half that time. The coffee is good but they need to work on their kitchen.
Two stars for the coffee.I've only been here a couple of times, which is too bad considering I'm a ten minute walk away, but maybe now that it's getting warmer out I'll stop by more often.  Great little coffeeshop, good place to grab a cup of coffee and a bagel or sandwich.  The breakfast BLT is delicious, although its hard for eggs, bacon, and brioche not to be delicious.  Workers are always nice, good atmosphere inside.  Can be a little cramped, and when there's a line there really isn't anywhere to stand that isn't in someone's way, but there's outdoor seating which is good on a sunny day.  I would definitely try and come here more often if only it were open later that 5pm, but its a good spot for a casual weekend morning.Nice staff, good vibe, and great food! What more could you ask for? 
I thought it was just a coffee shop until I tried their food---they have a pretty big menu for being small and its quite varied too. They make everything with a simple twist, and it works. For instance, the turkey Reuben is served on pita, instead of the typical rye bread. And it is delicious. Much lighter than any other Reuben you'll ever try, without sacrificing taste or quality (it is TURKEY, though, so don't expect pastrami). That's what I mean about doing everything with a twist. Similar story with their burger special---served on sliced brioche instead of a bun, but it works! 
The only thing I wasn't impressed by was their side of greens, it's a bit on the bland side but that's because they use romaine lettuce. I think their side of potato salad might be a better choice. 
I can't wait to go back and try more of their food!Normally when I go to cafes, I order a large plain coffee and enjoy the free wifi. The Black & Brew is no exception. Although, I almost feel bad taking the cheap way out here, as it's really as much a dining establishment as a cafe. Lunch is busier than breakfast, and the dining room fills up relatively quickly---and then there's me using up an entire table for my laptop and plain coffee. Very friendly staff, though. They never give me the impression that I need to hurry along---not yet, at least. 
Also, they frequently have live music on weekends. (Normally, they close at  7 p.m., but they're open late on nights when folks perform.)Picked up food from here to go. Got the bulls eye special, which is brioche toast with eggs over medium, and turkey sausage. Also the omelet which has tomatoes and goat cheese. The bulls eye was good, the bread and egg combo worked well, the eggs were in the middle of the bread. The omelette was really good, light and fluffy and the cheese was melted perfectly. The hash browns were really delicious. Turkey sausage and bacon was good. The house coffee was one of the best I've ever had. The staff was super friendly. This is a definite must check out! You won't be disappointed. They have eat in service as well. Also there are cookies and treats and they are vegan friendly. I'm definitely a fan.This is a cool little coffee shop near Passyunk Ave. that I decided to try after walking around a car show. The place was busy, but the barista took my order quick. The Hazelnut Americano was good for something sweet and I got my bagel quick, even though it was packed. I really like it there and will probably come back for some more caffeinated beverages.Great coffee, smoothies, and wide range of food options that are all great. Friendly service, good for vegetarians.Black and Brew is a fantastic local business with great owners, healthy food and some amazing coffee.  That last part is based on what I hear, since I don't drink the stuff.  I just go for the food.  
Fresh ingredients, many vegetarian and vegan options and an inventive and thoughtful menu make B&B a perfect weekend morning breakfast pit stop.  I've had the pesto scramble (pesto is the star here, so fresh!) and Popeye's burrito (awesome).  If I lived closer, I'd surely eat my way through their entire menu!
Stop in for a good-for-you bite to eat and some caffeine, courtesy of Colleen and Jen.  They are passionate about food and service, and it shows!Am here now!  Free wifi, good food, reasonable prices.  Ok to sit for a while.  Bottomless mug of coffee!  A new favorite spot. Will definetly come again.As a avid coffee drinker and bagel consumer I enjoy this place because i can come in and the nice girl with curly hair already knows what i want and im on my way in no less than 1 minute flat.  But I also do eat thier bagels when im feeling carby.  everyone who works here is freindly and not the typical bullshit freindly you'll find at starbucks or dare I say Saxbys.Totally mom and pop. Love the owners there (as well as team). So personable. The food is delicious. LOVE that the hummus is homemade. Options for everyone. The coffee is also on-draft... total plus!I have visited here twice in the past two weeks and thought that it deserved five stars for each visit.  The food was great, I had the breakfast burrito and the veggie burger wrap.  My daughter had a whole wheat everything bagel, which was so good.  I will definitely be going back!So on Sundays before 4pm it can be pretty difficult to find a place to eat... Add finding a place that takes cards and the search can make you dreary. 
We choose them because they were open and we all could agree on it. The guy on the register is very friendly and helpful with making food choices. We all ended up with Turkey Reuben and home fries. It was all ok.  I can't say too much more without stretching. 
Oh, the bathroom was clean :)Why are you guys always playing the radio so loud on Sunday's when you know everyone is hung over....
Besides that great staff, great food, and I enjoy the smoothies... Just not the Hipster one, my culture is not for sale bro!Came to this place based off yelp reviews-- no disappointment here! The food was great, very flavorful. I had the tofu scrambler and my friend had the paleo hash...both plates were clean at the end! Coffee was not overly amazing but we were encouraged to sip as long as we wished. Not being rushed and hurried on a Sunday for breakfast is a really nice thing!! The staff was friendly as were the other customers. Looking forward to making this a more regular place to go.This place made me like breakfast burritos. They're awesome. 
The coffee is eh, I can't tell if it's really strong or just really burnt.
Added plus: they don't mind if you bring your dog(s) inside while waiting for your takeout.So happy I finally tried Black N Brew!  I came in for a fairly late breakfast/brunch and was hoping they would still have the PB&J pancakes with chocolate drizzle, but even though they didn't (must have been a limited time special), I settled on the Standard (eggs, potatoes, and toast (I went for a plain, toasted, buttered bagel) and a hot apple cider--it really hit the spot!  Not only that, I loved how homey the atmosphere was; I grabbed a seat right at the counter and while I was waiting, I struck up a conversation with Jen (one of the owners).  She has a wonderful operation going, and I hope it stays strong for years to come!I love the food here and it seems like they have something for everyone. 
(BLTs! french toast! omelets! smoothies! toys! wifi! outdoor seating! a really tall bar that makes you feel gigantic!). 
However, I recently had a less than fun experience when I stopped by after work hoping for a coffee and bagel treat. 
What kind of bagels do you have?
Oh, no bagels? You always run out by this time? I guess I'll try to get off work earlier...(Maybe you should make or order more?)
Anyway... No bagel. OK. How about a sandwich? A salad? A something?
Oh, right, the kitchen is closed. Even though the store is open for another 1.5 hours.
I guess I should have known that too.
Well, just an iced coffee then.
Oh, no debit for less than $5?
Well, if you were serving food, I would be spending more money...
I'll just get coffee elsewhere today.It's so small in hear! The service was okay, nothing spectacular, but everyone was sweet. The food  was okay, not great enough where I would return. And I would recommend getting something to go, just because of the limited space.I have been to black n brew several times and I can assure you this is worth the trip! It's fresh, unique, and unlike any other coffee shop I have been to in Philadelphia. The staff are friendly and you definitely feel welcomed the minute you walk through the door. The place has to be doing well because every time we go the place is packed!! The minute you walk through the door you are overwhelmed by the incredible smells coming from the kitchen! I'm telling you... Check this place out!! If this place was closer to where I live, I would make it my go to coffee spot every morning!!I love their coffee but if I am in any kind of a rush I avoid this place at all costs. Even on days where I just order a heated muffin or toasted bagel it's easily a 10-15 min wait. On several occasions I have waited (literally staring a hole through the barista hoping they will look over at me) in line while full blown conversations are had with a customer and the barista, I mean everything from oh your new here let me go on & on about the neighborhood to where did you get that Pope t-shirt & hearing the 5 min long story about his friend that made it and how everyone is asking about it & no he's not going to see the Pope yada yada, NEVER about coffee or food, always about other stuff, it's 3 of them, the 2 guys that work there and the girl, never the owners but I mean my goodness I just want my coffee & breakfast sandwich in under 20 minutes. I love that this spot has a neighborhood vibe and have been a loyal customer for years but please wait until after you have waitied on everyone to carry on a lengthy conversation with a customer in line or sitting at the bar when there are other people waiting to place their order. I am not saying that I don't enjoy a friendly worker, in fact I think Passyunk is sorely in need of more of them but I honestly wouldn't bother writing this if it hadn't made me almost late for work sooo many times. TBH the service from the heftier guy has always been terrible, I really thought after his first few months he wouldn't even last this long but it's been a while so I guess no one minds his lack of urgency.
Lastly, I'm all for local & homemade ingredients but the PB & J was flat out the most bland tasting PB & J I have ever tasted, zero flavor and no one mentioned that it was house made jelly, I think that should be mentioned somewhere so patrons are aware. The breakfast BLT is always on point once I add my own salt, it always needs salt, I think the kitchen is anti-salt in all of their food actually.
PSA to customers - if there is a line out the door on a weekend day please don't make all of us coffee desperate people wait while you let your cute little 5yr old decide on pancakes or eggies for 10 mins. Thank youdecent place to grab a cup of coffee.  I very much enjoy the fact that is only a block from my house and that the drinks are presented in a timely fashion, but the food is so-so at best, being supplied by my all time, most hated, anti-christ, first born stealing "food" giant supplier, i can not support the fact that a breakfast sandwich is over 3 dollars. sysco is the end all say all of lazy, disgusting, hormone fueled, genetically altered "food" stuffs.  buuuuuuut the coffee is bangin.This is a great little spot. Service is friendly and quick. Coffee delicious, I also really enjoyed the breakfast burrito. Will be back!I got a bacon egg sandwich on an english muffin.  The muffin was not toasted, the egg was over cooked and the bacon was sparse.  What can you do.  Should have gone to McDonald's,This is one of those places I'd hear a bit about from those who wander the East Passyunk corridor. I had to try it.
The atmosphere is cute, cozy but still doesn't strike me as the kind of place that'll get absurdly jam-packed which is a good thing.
I'd been here at least once or twice to grab some coffee but I wholly intended to check out their breakfast/brunch offerings. The struck me as reasonably intriguing.
Finally had the chance to stop in and grab a bite to eat. I spontaneously decided on a veggie breakfast burrito, which is alarming considering I've got such a carnivorous appetite and a taste for the savory.
Can't say I was disappointed. It wasn't the best but it was far from the worst. It was well-balanced and came out quickly. There's also a free refill on coffee for those who dine in, if I'm not mistaken.
The staff is really friendly and I'm destined to return to try out a few more things from their menu.Drove from Holiday Inn Stadium in search of something that was not the hotel breakfast buffet. Being from the country,  the narrow streets and lack of parking was slightly daunting. However,  once inside, the atmosphere was what you might expect from a coffee shop of this sort. Had an egg, cheese and bacon bagel and coffee for $9. Bagel was yummy but they were skimpy on the bacon. Coffee was good. Crowded due to its small size, but fast and friendly service. Would try something different next time but not a total flop.Cool, funky place, with a nice, friendly vibe.  I really enjoyed hanging out here.  The food was good, too.I get a real diner vibe from this place. It's a coffee shop that feels just a little more personal the way they take care of you. I really appreciate that sense of community when so many other cafes in this town feel very sterile and cold. I've tried some of the food which was tasty (baked goods especially). Coffee is pretty standard, which is fine by me, especially with free mug refills. One thing to note is it gets a little crazy on the weekend and there isn't a ton of space to accommodate it. Definitely more of a weekday spot for me.The people here are really nice but I definitely just bought a latte and there was no espresso in it.  I got it to go and when I went home and tried it tasted only like milk, so I poured it out and there was zero espresso, just milk. Not cool for an almost $6 drink.  I'm sure it was an honest mistake but by the time I walked home I wasn't going to walk back.Highly disappointed based on the reviews... I ordered the Standard with cheddar and onions with a side of bacon and a mocha latte to go. 
Strike 1: My eggs came out WITHOUT cheddar and onions the first time. The second time they came out with onions but WITHOUT the cheddar. The third time they finally got it right. 
Strike 2: They gave me the butt of the bread as one of my slices of toast. It was tough...
Strike 3: The home fries were cold, bland and unseasoned. They tasted like they were sitting out all morning under a heat lamp.
The one star is for the mocha latte...it was delicious!
Needless to say I won't be back...Great coffee shop with a substantial breakfast and lunch menu. Got a coffee and a paler breakfast without breaking the bank and sticking around to use the Wifi and get some work done. Very laid back vibe with fun, jazzy music playing in the background. Nothing like working to "Natural Woman." Steady flow of customers and good seating. Cute neighborhood and outside seating as well.I like coming to this place once in a while, especially when a friend comes into the neighborhood to visit me.
This place is full of character. The art of the exterior wall is very creative and colorful, which I love. The plants and decorations inside makes me happy every time I went in to get coffee.
In terms of coffee and food. I think they are OK. Prices are reasonable. I come to this place for the experience more than the food. This place is not as "hip" as the cafe B2 across from it. But it is full of yogi and academics who, I think, are more friendly and less intimidating.Mehhhh. I ended up here on Christmas Eve morning when both Bennas and B2 were closed. (If you are reading this ladies - I know you need holidays but please don't close again, we need you!!) It was crowded and I had to relocate a few times, I was constantly in someone's way. I had my usual Americano and it was the murkiest thing I have ingested in a long time. I am not impressed.coffee (la colombe) was so-so, but it's better than you'll find at most places. what really sets this place apart, though, are the vegetarian options (e.g., being able to substitute seitan for what would otherwise be a meaty burrito).I really like the food , but i would appreciate it  if you could  put a Fan , that way doesn't Small ...a Humid insideGreat smoothie (got sticky thriller and chiller thriller), ok food for what it's worth.Been coming here for a few months now on Sunday mornings. The service is consistently good, the people are consistently cool, and the food is consistently delicious and in healthy portions.
This place SETS THE BAR for how Sunday brunch places should be in South Philly.I would take a picture of my amazing and delicious meal but I already ate the entire thing. This place is so cute. Best chai in the neighborhood without a doubt, I've tried almost all. There aren't many vegan or veggie friendly breakfast places locally, so it's nice to be able to have your coffee and a really filling affordable breakfast or lunch.While I can't comment on their coffee (yeah, yeah, I know...it's a coffee shop) but I can tell you that their tomato and mozzarella paninni is yummers. I'm a sucker for a warm sandwich, and this one did not disappoint. Plus, they serve it with pasta salad and a pickle. It's a taste explosion and I like it. The perfect lunch, especially if you're getting your hair did at Fringe. If the sammies are this good I can only imagine how tasty their caffeine must be.Cute little spot with some good options, but when I stopped in, there was a fly in the bakery window landing on food and was not noticed by any workers. Definitely turned me off of coming here again.it took a while for someone to reappear behind the counter when i was in here. i ordered a coffee and went to check out the food menu, i go to order and was just told my total for my drink which kind of irked me so i just grabbed the coffee and left. ‍I popped in here after my acupuncture appointment this afternoon across the street. I had some place to be that was a 5 minute walk, but I had 40 minutes until I had to be there. It was a nice place to come in from the cold, enjoy a hot green tea, and read on my kindle. 
Other than that, pretty meh. One vegan option in the baked goods section. No vegan options on the menu (though some vegetarian ones that I guess the cheese could be eliminated, though when I asked, the girl waiting on me was less than helpful).
I won't go out of my way to come here again, but if I'm running early to acupuncture or to someplace nearby post-acupuncture, it's a good enough place to spend some time.Went in there yesterday for the first time and was pleasantly surprised! It's not too often you find happy people in the service industry but the guy behind the counter was full of smiles, super friendly and told me he was a customer before an employee which is always a good sign! Very refreshing service! Can't wait to go back!Came in today to grab a bag of La Colombe for a friend and FELL IN LOVE!
It was very busy but I was greeted right away by David who was so upbeat and had the entire place taken care of.
Even though they did not have the exact bag I was looking for they were ready to accommodate me with an alternate option and offer me a free cup to go!
David was amazing and waited for me to call my friend to confirm whether she wanted the different choice.
I left without purchasing anything... But became a new customer and left a tip because of the amazing customer service.It's a small local business with a surprisingly rich and full menu. Me and my girlfriend usually end up here on Sundays for breakfast and coffee. For me it's on par with green eggs and Sabrina's cafe but wrapped in smaller more convenient and chill package.Took a friend in today for breakfast, seeing as I love the food there. The girl working the counter was not only adorable but was very friendly and helped us right away with our drinks while we decided on what to eat. A big improvement from my last visit.This place has really good food & great coffee. Their breakfast sandwiches are amazing, super fresh and a pretty nice size! My only complaint about black & brew is a few times I ordered online and they called to change/cancel my order because they were out of what I had ordered. A few times they messed my order up as well but the food they sent was still good so it wasn't that big of a deal.This place was great, i'm glad we chose it over several other Passyunk options. My girlfriend and I stopped by before a busy day exploring philadelphia and it started our day off wonderfully. There was just the one woman working and only a few customers while we were there on a tuesday morning. She was very friendly and helpful when we had questions about vegetarian/vegan options, and gave helpful suggestions when asked. I had the Popeye's Burrito with a side of veggie sausage, and my gf had the vegan hash, and the food was great as was our iced decaf espresso. The portion sizes were average, just enough for our appetites at the time. Cute location and outside seating/decoration too!I have been coming to Black & Brew for about three years now. They are and will continue to be my 'go-to' spot for my coffee breaks. Their drinks are always nicely made and reasonably priced for the area.
The space feels intimate and is incredibly eclectic in the decoration, which I love. It is small however, and even the outdoor seating isn't really meant for more than a few people. All of the workers and the owners themselves, are always very friendly.  Their food options are consistently interesting and tasty. I am a particular fan of their Turkey, Goat Cheese and Cranberry panini with the potato salad , and their bagel options in the morning. 
There are a few hiccups - the food can at times be fairly inconsistent. Some of their dishes are awesome, and others a little lack luster. I'm not a personal fan of their pastries (muffins, brownies etc) but that could very well be personal taste. And when the cafe is crowded, things can get a little hairy. Overall though, these are only minor complaints, and I recommend this place to anyone looking for good food and a strong cup of coffee on Passyunk.Coffee is black
Ready to brew
Sugar or not
Wassa mocha wit you?
Ok... that was a pretty "bad" (play on that redundant poem you might have heard of?) but on the bright side this coffee shop isn't. What I enjoy most about this place is it's subtle charm in not trying too hard to be anything but a place for people who enjoy relaxing to a cup of coffee. Not coming here to impress anyone or feel it's going to upscale their social status any. There's nothing trendy about it and that's the way it should be. Even the baristas' behind the counter are a mixed breed of colors, ideas, and well humans. They are friendly and observant not just b/c it's a job and they are getting paid but they enjoy what they do. Unlike some places where people mumble...
"What?"
"Ummm.... repeat that. I don't speak lame'se"
"Look, I'm busy refilling the syrups"
"Wait! I have to finish listening to this Magnetic Fields track"
"I can't serve you... That shirt clashes with your face"
Ok you get the point I guess....
COUGHLASTCOUGHDROPGAGCOUGH!
When certain cafes stop believing they are somehow the center of the known universe and people come their to bask in it's hollowness; I still have faith in some places that just serve people b/c we are people. 
This place is welcoming and cozy. There is always something cheery in the air. The artwork isn't always something you've probably seen in Brooklyn. The cakes and foods are always something new every time I at least stop in, which makes each visit enticing. There's something for everyone and every person. Last at each table is a different kind of person ranging from all backgrounds...
They may have a clever wordplay with the phrase "black and blue" but you won't be leaving this place feeling that way. Now that's irony.I'm not going to lie - I was surprised by this place. It's an unassuming cafe in East Passyunk with an incredible array of drinks/eats. Literally, there were multiple walls covered with the menu. I got a vanilla latte and shared a cookie with my friends, and it was great. The cookie was chewy and the vanilla latte was perfect pick-me-up that I so desperately needed. I would say that the coffee was pretty standard, but the ambiance and the employees are what sold me to this establishment. I'll be back!Love this place!  I used to live along Passyunk and was a regular.  I was in the area to get a gift from urban jungle, so I stopped in. 
Excellent customer service.  Yummy peppermint mocha with almond milk and best bagel I've had in a long time with vegan cream cheese.  Peppermint mocha was the perfect way to start my day of holiday shopping.