This was my first time eating sushi. My daughter suggested Bleu, 
and let me say that I really enjoyed the food, service and ambiance. I can't wait to go back for more.Living in Miami I have had alot of Sushi in my life but when you stumble upon a place this good it's a rare treat and in the middle of Philly! The owner came out and spoke with us for a bit. He's from Indonesia and was great to talk to. It's obvious he takes alot of pride in his restaurant and you can see it in the way the staff interacted with us and him. Everything we ordered was outstanding and the yellowtail tasted like it just came out of the ocean...highly recommend this place if your in the area..Ordered sushi rolls: Market, UPenn, and Jefferson rolls. Sushi rolls were great! 
I also ordered the Kimchi chicken fries (a MUST ORDER) theses were hands down my fav! It's sweet and cheesy (wiz cheese) not so spicy like your typical kimchi. The chicken was well marinated. They have a lunch special on it were it's $4.95 Monday- Friday. 
Service was great. I had asked about the kimchi fries and she highly recommended it and described the taste well. They also give you a complimentary scoop of ice cream. 
Overall, great experience I will be going back and I highly recommend this place!Worst service I've ever had in my live took 30 mins to get our order 30 mins to get our food and 30 mins to get our check and 15 mins for them to process it. DO NOT COME HERE.I love Bleu Sushi !!! I've been there 3 time in the last 2 weeks. I don't even eat sushi (my Bf does) I love the edamame and chicken skewers. I could eat this everyday. I'm so happy I tried this place the service is fantastic and the place is so hip and clean. The best part I work a block away so now I am ordering take out.The service here is really good. I love all of the employees that I got to interact with. I didn't have a reservation, but they were super accomodating
The place is nice (really dark just fyi) and the sushi is pretty good. It's not the best I've had, but it's still good. I like that the menu isn't too crazy with lots of items as it makes it easier to focus on what they have to offer. 
I also tried the kimchee fries, which were good, but not as over the top amazing/wow/incredible as other reviewers have stated. I'd definitely come back to try out some other things on the menu!Great atmosphere, never too crowded and the sushi is really good. It's a nice trendy place, + BYO!! The rolls named after Philly streets/places are a nice touch. I've been here several times and will go back again.Came to this sushi corner after just ordering from here many times. if you're a french fry fiend, definitely and without a question get the kimchi fries. Highly recommend any of their speciality rolls that serve seafood. The Tenth Street is a great roll that is fried, but does not sacrafice the original texture of the seafood. I tried the Pine, which is a vegetarian speciality roll. It was pretty decent, but I could have had a standard vegetarian roll, and it would not have tasted any different to me. All the standard rolls come at a decent price with most being around 4-6 dollars. Overall, the decor of the place was really nice. There were folding chairs along one row of tables, which was questionable because the rest of the restaurant's ambiance indicated a classier vibe. But hey we came to eat and as far as sushi goes, this is a great spot to stop by!I am not sure why this place has so many good reviews. We decided to give this restaurant a second chance after a mediocre first experience, and again it was disappointing. 
The tempura while crispy, had an excess of breading, which was not tempura batter. 
One roll that we had was eel with avocado, which had more avocado than eel. The rice was soggy and borderline gross, like day old sushi from the cafeteria. 
The chicken teriyaki was edible, but the chicken was on the dry side and the sauce was thin. To make matters worse, the rice was hard and unappetizing. 
The kimchee fries were over-hyped, covered in a mixture of cheez-wiz, mayo, and a redish sauce. Served with bits of kim chee.
This confirmed our first impression that this place is just Meh. I am surprised it has so many good reviews. 2.5 starsNoope, I won't come back. Once again, the groupon deal was unable to save this reviewer from writing an honest review about mediocre sushi with abysmal services.
Must get: arch roll
Meh: bleu boat special, drexel roll, house salad, soft shell crabs
Missed out: hot entrees
My wife and I visited this quaint spot on a beautiful spring evening and decided to relax and enjoy a discounted sushi dinner, courtesy of Groupon. However, we were not prepared for the whirlwind of faux-pas services. When we decided to sit outdoors, the server filled our water glasses from a half-empty pitcher that's been resting on the neighboring table, that may or may not have been collecting springtime pollen plainly visible on the superficial layer of the ice cubes. Our server, well very polite, was unable to understand our request, seemed to not know the dishes himself, and told us that because we were using the groupon, we weren't able to use it in conjunction with the small $25 deal for two signature rolls + miso/salad. When we finally ordered the food, I had asked for a description of the sashimi, and he realized that he gave me the wrong order and had to take it back. Of course, he was unable to identify the fish and never really came back.
As for the food, nothing truly stood out aside from the arch roll with its soy organic warp provided a unique texture. The soft shell crab was quite...underwhelming given its size and oily carb-heavy shell. The bleu boat special, which included moderate amount of sashimi was also disappointing as the fish consisted of that thawed-out of freezer taste and lacked any flavors that are sought after in well-respected sushi joints. By the time our check arrived, our mood was not sweetened despite the free cinnamon ice cream.
My recommendation, as a patron and lover of sushi, is to really consider training your staff to be fully knowledgeable of your menu items. I don't know what to say about the source of the fish, but it should be improved for further visits.
Food: 1 star
Service: 1 star
Ambiance: 2-3 stars
Price: 2 starsA cute, cozy neighborhood gem. Regular rolls are very reasonably priced, and they have a whole menu page dedicated to interesting combo rolls too. I love that the rolls were named after different places/universities in Philly!
I've also had lunch delivery from here via Caviar - what a steal! Three rolls + soup + salad for $12 ($15 with delivery fees!).The service is great and the owner is super nice. I got the bleu sushi roll and that was pretty good. I don't remember much about the rolls actually. All I remember is the kimchee fries. It wasn't what I expected. I thought I would get fries topped off with kimchee, but what I got was crinkle fries with this sweet, tangy sauce and scallions. There was no kimchee anywhere. It was surprisingly good. I'd get it again. 
At the end of our dinner, we got some bracelets and little knick knacks which I thought were amusing.Great service and food. They let us hang out after finishing our food and didn't rush us.If in downtown Philly please check out Bleu Sushi and BYOB (apparently it's popular in Philly).
There were 10 of us on a Monday night and the staff took care of us very well even though we showed up 30 minutes late.
From what I could tell the buffalo wings were the most popular item for us.
Thanks to the servers and the owner for taking care of us so well last night!Probably a 3.75? Lol I thought the place was kinda cool.  Bathroom location was in a slightly precarious place between the waitstaff area and the kitchen but it's a small restaurant so I get it.  Food was pretty decent.  I would say the normal rolls and appetizers were solid for the price.  We got a specialty roll for 14$ and we were not impressed.  Overall the prices were good and the staff was very attentive so I would say it's worth the try and we will be back at some point in the future.Cute interior and convenient since I work around the corner, figured I would give it a try for lunch -probably won't come back. The service was as if  they could  care less that I was there and ignoring me when I first walked in despite only having one table in the restaurant. The lunch special won't stuff you but it will satisfy your hunger. The spicy tuna had a weird texture and the shrimp tempura wasn't very flavorful. The miso soup was good though. Maybe I need to go for dinner and try a specialty roll but for now I prefer fat salmon. 2.5 starsBest bang for your buck for quality sushi/sashimi.
1) Fantastic service. All of the servers were incredibly kind, helpful, and efficient. I have already been here three times, large and small group to mix it up, and each time the service has been #flawless. Super nice staff who are so patient and attentive. Water glass never hit empty.
2) Solid sushi selection (alliteration points). It's a fairly simple, straight-forward menu--nothing crazy mindblowing--but what they do, they do well. High quality cuts, no overt abuse of rice:meat ratio. It's awesome. Frankly, it's simple and well done. (Of note: try the kimchi fries and south st roll. Solid choices for the fickle.)
3) WELL priced. The price is very, very, very reasonable. For the quality/quantity of food with the price, I would definitely say this is a "best bang for your buck" type of restaurant. Also, since it's BYO I always feel like I'm not getting ripped off and paying extra to cover a restaurant's liquor license.
4) Hendra, the owner = the man. I was going to group this under service, but he warrants a bullet point of his own. He is genuinely an incredibly warm, accommodating, gracious host. He personally welcomes you to his restaurant and checks in on you at the end to see how your meal went every.single.time. He makes it feel as if you're dining in his home and is always ready to help. What a guy!
Bottom line: if you're looking for a solid BYO experience at a fraction of the cost, I would highly highly recommend this place.I've come here a few times with different guests. I had good experiences until I took a fellow sushi lover here, she was of a different ethnic background.
It just saddened and surprised me when I was with this friend. The service took very long, we sat for about 15 minutes before order was taken, the sashimi had white markings on the salmon, and a caucasian couple beside us was treated with more concern. They also checked in on them more.
Very surprising. I refunded my groupon.I'm shocked by all these great reviews because I had some of the worst and most awkward service I've ever had here,  and the food definitely wasn't good enough to warrant a return.  
I saw this place on groupon and saw it had good reviews so decided to try it out on a Sunday night (they're on opentable too, which is nice). I walked in and there wasn't really a hostess stand or anyone who noticed me, so I stood around awkwardly by where the sushi is made (kind of in the middle of the restaurant) for a while until someone finally sat me. The place wasn't too crowded but we were never checked on for important things like,  "I see your water's been empty for a while now so much that you started drinking your friend's and now that one's been empty for a while too, would you like a refill?" or "yea,  I know that last roll or appetizer hasn't come out yet, but you've gotten all your other food here's why," or "oh did you want the bill within 30 minutes of finishing eating?" or "hey, I know I gave you your bill forever ago and you've had your credit card out for 20 minutes, let me take that." Things we did get comments about "Oh, you guys ate that really fast," "oh you want more of the spicy mayo, you really like that don't you?" Um...thanks dude. We finally ended up just leaving cash because they took so long to take our card that it was getting ridiculous.
As for the food, the red snapper cucumber appetizer was definitely a highlight (although it wasn't spicy as expected from the jalapeno sauce), but it was all downhill from there. The tempura was really overbattered and not the usual fluffy tempura I'm used to getting, especially on the shrimp-that didn't even feel like tempura so much as breadcrumbs. The spicy trio- salmon, tuna, and yellowtail were indistinguishable from each other and kind of small, nothing to see here. The 10 Street Roll (which took forever to come out) was pretty gross. It was deep fried (which is why it took so long to come out, this was explained after we'd basically finished everything else). I've had deep fried rolls before where the roll is slightly battered, crunchy, and veggies and fish inside are still raw and flavorful. Not sure if they dropped this guy into the fryer and forgot about him, but all the fish in the roll was completely cooked  and tasted maybe a touch above canned tuna, then was slathered in sauce. The only reason we ate it was because we were waiting so long for our bill that we forgot how bad it was in that time and gave it another try. Nope.
Can't recommend this place. Sorry.Excellent addition to the neighborhood. We went for lunch -they give Jefferson employees or students a free appetizer (up to $5) if you spend $15. We each got a bento box lunch (one salmon teriyaki, one chicken teriyaki).  It comes with 1. miso soup, excellent honestly best I have ever had, 2. Dumplings which were perfectly fried 3. Salad -a large portion with delicious dressing 4. Rice -a large ball of white rice 5. Protein over sauted onions in teriyaki sauce- The salmon was a filet of salmon and the chicken was a really nice portion.  Overall excellent service and as others have said the owner is so welcoming. I will be back soon!!I loved this place! It is close to my best friend's apartment and we made reservations for her birthday dinner. Service was so quick and consistent, and the whole vibe of the place is awesome. The owner came and spoke to our table at length, and was so friendly. They even gave my best friend complimentary dessert (enough for the entire table) for her birthday. Definitely an enjoyable time.We had lunch-special there yesterday. Sushi & Sashimi were nice and fresh, but Tempura was a little bit oily. Over all is good. I will recommend it.I discovered Bleu Sushi through a Livingsocial deal and will absolutely be returning as a regular! I went with a group of friends and we were all extremely impressed. The restaurant had a calm, cool vibe and the manager provided some of the best service I've ever experienced in the city. It was clear he took a lot of pride in the restaurant and food. 
For appetizers we ordered the gyoza, korean chicken wings, and (at the recommendation of the manager) the kimchi fries. The flavors were really fantastic and I would highly recommend any of those dishes. For the main meal we order the sashimi/sushi platter and some other rolls. The fish was so fresh and delicious and the rice was surprisingly flavorful. I don't remember the names of every roll we ordered but the Walnut roll sticks out in my mind because we got a second order it was so good.
Overall, I highly recommend Bleu Sushi for anyone looking for upscale food in a relaxed setting with some genuinely great service!Amazing sushi. Never been here so wanted to give it a try. The specialty rolls are very well done and the house rolls are about $5. Definitely coming backGood sushi, but not fantastic. Given it's slightly pricier than other nearby options, I was honestly hoping for more.
That being said, the service and ambience are great. The food comes out quickly and is certainly fresh, but like I said, not sure it's worth the slight price increase.
However, it's the best sushi option within a few blocks. And again - service and the restaurant itself are 4.5/5.Came here on a Sunday night at 6pm with a Groupon and the restaurant was not super crowded. It took an unusually long time for any server to take our order, and we had clearly decided (we had closed our menus). I had to flag one down and ask him to take our order...in the amount of time it took for another server to clear dishes, get dessert, and take the check of a party at the table directly next to us. It felt like we were being pretty ignored (and this was before I even mentioned a groupon). After this, the server we had was great.
As for the food, we ordered 3 rolls: Bleu, Rittenhouse, and Drexel. They were very delicious. And we ordered a Gyudon entree which was extremely flavorful and we loved it. My only complaint was that it seemed too oily, although yes oil is necessary for the hot stone pot. The free chocolate ice cream was a nice touch but because of the early poor service, I'm glad I had a groupon.Amazing sushi!  Atmosphere was fun and lively.  Service was great and attentive, but at the same time they give you the space to enjoy your meal.  The specialty rolls were delicious and very unique- definitely not your typical sushi place.  Can't wait to go back again!My fiancé and I were checking out wedding bands and decided to try this place out afterwards upon reading Yelp reviews. The fish was very fresh-- I very much enjoyed the salmon roll and fried oyster roll. I tried the shrimp with spicy mayo and cucumber but it was just very bland. Otherwise, everything else was great-- salad, soup, and complimentary red bean ice cream. Our server was so kind and helpful. I would definitely return here!My husband and I enjoyed a delightful impromptu date here. Very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive service paired with lovely food and extensive menu. Super convenient that they offer grub hub and Uber delivery as well.Great sushi! The food is fresh, and the portions are generous. It has the taste and appearance of being carefully and thoughtfully prepared. 
My food took a little while to come out so they gave me a free salad and dessert. 
The atmosphere isn't as ritzy as some of the other sushi joints in the neighborhood but the food makes up for it many times over.Pleasantly surprised - tried after purchasing a Groupon and had a lovely meal, this will definitely be our new go to spot. One authentically Japanese item that seems to be hard to find in local casual sushi joints is sweet shrimp, actually served raw. Loved the raw shrimp nigiri - they even served the head alongside, fried to a crunchy crisp (yes you eat the whole thing), super traditional. A+ And the light smoky flavor of the unique Drexel roll (crunchy spicy scallop wrapped in smoked salmon) was one of the more interesting rolls I've ever had. 
Misses include the unagi eel nigiri which was very tender but overdressed in sweet sauce, and the Spicy 3 combo (Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail) which seemed like a great deal but not only had crunch added  (not noted on menu) but had much more crunch than fish in the roll, which was a bummer. Definitely planning on going back to try the specialty rolls, sweet shrimp, raw scallop and salmon, service was excellent and very friendly!We really enjoy Bleu Sushi.  It's nice inside and service is good.  Sushi is great and they often give you a complimentary ice cream from dessert.We never got a chance to try the sushi because the sushi chef was too busy picking his nose. Really, he was just going to town. I posted a picture of him right as he pulled his finger out. We called over the manager to tell him what happened and the manager said hold on and went over to talk to him. When the manager returned he told this that he asked the chef to change gloves, and that everything was okay. We proceeded to have a very unproductive conversation with the manager on why this wasn't okay. The manager didn't even see a problem with the sushi chef not washing his hands. Suffice it to say we cancelled our order and left.Sushi is okay if you need a place for delivery.  Delivery was prompt and only took about forty minutes for living in Passyunk Square.  I ordered the Boston Roll which is shrimp, cucumber and spicy mayo.  I also ordered a specialty roll, the Washington Square roll. To me, it was not worth $15. It was mostly cucumber, eel and shrimp tempura on top.  Nothing too special to warrant $15.  It was on the smaller side for being mostly cucumber.  There wasn't enough wasabi for my taste but I didn't make a note to say I wanted extra wasabi.  It's pretty okay if you don't want to leave your house and want sushi.  However, the delivery guy made me walk outside in 35 degree weather to go down my steps and get my order from him. He simply didn't want to get off his bike.  I'm sorry I pre tipped him on my order with 15 percent. He sat on his bike and just handed the bag to me from the curb from my next door neighbors house.  Not too happy with that, considering I order delivery because I don't want to leave my house.Most of the sushi we had was good, it tasted fresh. The waitress was very polite and friendly. We had the groupon for bleu sushi, which made the prices fine, but without the groupon, the prices would have been very expensive. The decor is fairly generic and there is no outdoor seating.I found this place via Groupon. Both food and service was nice. Sushi was fresh and hibachi steak(not sure about the name..) was tasty with decent portion.Great sushi for the price. They have discount for first timers when we went although not sure if they still have that deal. Very good deal.Great service on a Sunday night. About half the tables were taken. We tried the fried pork gyoza, Walnut, South Street, and Spruce rolls - and they were all divine (although the South Street was my favorite). We had a Groupon and didn't have any problems. I'll definitely be returning to try the Temple roll.The waiters here are so friendly and cute. And the food here is so delicious and beautiful. Though it is a little expensive, but I promise that it worths it!!!!!!!First time visit because of the groupon deal.
Went there around 5:30 we were the first table, not only greeted by the host but also the owner which was very rare but special
ordered a tempera appetizer - excellent. 
for main course, the 2 of us sharing the Roosevelt roll, ten street roll, and south street roll. All of them were really delicious especially the spicy salmon in the south street roll, good amount of spice and mayo and still I can taste the fresh salmon.  Definitely will go back and try other special rolls.
At the end of meal the owner Hendra came visited our table and just briefly introduced himself and his goal of operating a small restaurant and be able to recognize every customer, let them feel like home.
Conclusion: Affordable small restaurant serving high quality of sushi owned by an enthusiastic Chef Hendra.I've really enjoyed this BYO. I made reservations on opentable prior and had no problems being seated. The owner made sure we were happy and comfortable. The sushi was good not great, but the ambiance, service, and price are the definite selling points.Great sushi, great service! I'll be gong back even though it's fairly far. It's a fun and cozy environment. I'd recommend reservations because the restaurant is fairly small. 
Quality sushi for a moderate price!Sushi was OK,  nothing at all special.....had better ones for cheaper prices. Chicken teriyaki however was good. Big serving of chicken and vegetables that tasted surprisingly good. Staff was nice and ended up getting complimentary ice cream.I went to a fabulous sushi place and ended up ordering their version of cheese fries. Not sure why I did but I have absolutely no regrets. The fries were delicious and were basically topped with grilled chicken, kimchee and cheese wiz. They don't have the dish on their regular dinner menu ( it's apparently only a lunch special) but I was able to order it with chicken for a few extra $. My only suggestion would to sub the wiz with spicy mayo. Can't you already taste the magic?
I guess next time I'll try the sushi... and get another plate of fries.Went here as a treat after a friend purchased their Groupon. Really enjoyed the sushi. The freshness of  he fish was apparent, rolls are huge, maybe too big (if there's such a thing) not complaining though. Our server was very friendly and courteous. Atmosphere was warm and inviting. I'm definitely returning soon. Might be my new favorite Sushi spot.This place is great!  Sushi was fresh.  Service was impeccable.  Outstanding prices.  The promotional special has sushi for a BUCK a piece!  I am a frequent diner there.  A real gem!I would do 3.5 stars but if I am forced to choose between 3 and 4, I lean toward 4. The sushi is better in the restaurant, than it is by delivery but I find this to be true of almost every sushi place. The seaweed salad is delicious and the temple roll was interesting. Overall decent sushi.tasty！very good choice. I love Temple best～Waiters are very nice！salmon is fresh enough.Tried Bleu Sushi for an early dinner last night, and was pleasantly surprised. There were seven of us, and we had the place to ourselves. The food was fresh and the prices were ridiculously cheap compared with other neighborhood sushi places. The presentation with the "cucumber with grass shooting" as Paul N. reports, may not be to everyone's liking. But the decor was good and food even better. We were easily able to ask for modifications to the rolls such as brown rice instead of white, or asking for some rolls to be spicy. Sweet potato roll was different than I've had at other sushi places, but still good. Presentation is not on par with, say, Fat Salmon, but the sushi was fresh and the tempura less greasy. We miss the previous restaurant in that location, the Pour House--and still mourn the closing of Marathon Grill on 11th & Walnut. But given the quality of the food and price, it's a nice addition to Washington Square West.After getting (free) delivery from here many many times, I finally went in again for dinner. We had a Groupon which is always a great excuse to eat out. There was no wait time on a Wednesday night and service was efficient. 
We started with the ever amazing Kimchi Fries. At $5 for a giant delicious bowl is enough to share. 
I tried the Pine (vegetarian) speciality roll which had tofu skin, cucumber, with a layer of avocado on top. It was decent but tasted really similar to a plain avocado-cucumber roll which would be half the price. 
My 2nd roll was the Pennsylvania which is deep fried sweet potato and it can't be beat! Just simple enough and still filling. Try it with a side of spicy mayo. 
They gave us a complementary scoop of red bean ice cream which is a nice touch! Their service is always great and you can really tell that the owner cares about his customers.
***One side of the restaurant had folding chairs which was really off putting. I would recommend switching them out to match the other ones.I bought a Groupon for $30 worth of food from Bleu Sushi, so my bf and I decided to go and make a reservation. The service was pretty quick for how packed it was, and the sushi came out about 20ish minutes later which wasn't bad. The food was great! We split the salmon and scallops teriyaki, and I had the Jefferson Roll and he had the Philadelphia roll (we're both still sushi newbs) and ended with the tasty green tea ice cream. They totally acknowledged the Groupon without complaint or hesitation. Overall I would definitely go back!Sashimi was good. However, delivery took over an hour, and the miso soup that came with my sashimi was something I'd avoid in the future. I love miso soup, but this didn't taste right. It was sweet.I can't say enough good things about this place! The service, the prices, the sushi were all amazing! 
Be sure to try the kimchi fries- they are to die for and so unique! 
Plus free delivery will have me calling back again soon!This place is amazing! The sushi is delicious and fresh, the menu has something for everyone, the restaurant is clean, hip and inviting and the owner is super friendly and kind. After we ordered, the owner walked up to our table and introduced himself. He shared his story about his wonderful restaurant and later gave us free dessert, which was a tasty Japanese ice cream. I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for Japanese and/or sushi.This place was awesome. I got the tuna stone bowl meal and my daughters got sushi. It was amazing!! So good! They had a groupon that they honored without any stipulations other than sir gong forty dollars minimum. It was well worth the effort to get there on vacation.We've been coming here for years but tonight and the past few times have been horrible. Starting with the edamame, so salty you couldn't eat it, the rolls just as bad and the salad came with one leaf of lettuce and a slice of tomato. Horrible! The whole dinner we couldn't eat due to the over salted order.My first time and it definitely won't be my last!
We arrived around 10:30PM. It was pretty dead, but it was 30 minutes before they were closed. They were very kind about taking us in because we didn't end up leaving until an hour later (count in the time of the food being made + eating). The man with the chef outfit (not the sushi chef) was hilarious and definitely made my stay more enjoyable. Everybody was so friendly and accommodating! The servers seem young, but they were sweet, even when we made them stay late.
The price was a little cheaper than your usual sushi spot. The menu had handwritten "15% off" so I don't know if I hit a deal or if it's a marketing thing. Whatever the case may be, their price is affordable. The special rolls I ordered ranged from $10-11. My spicy tuna was $3 something, almost $4. Our total price of two salads, 4 special rolls & 1 regular roll was around $65. Nothing outrageous. We ate everything and enjoyed it. My stomach is more than content.
Though we were the only ones, it took a bit for us to get our plate. However, we did order about 5 rolls, 4 of them being special rolls and I understand they take more time. They come with 8pcs & the regular rolls are 6pcs. The ones I ordered (Hawaii & Tokyo) were delicious. The mixture of a sweet taste & spicy tuna was perfection in my mouth. My boyfriend ordered something else and his was alright. You're not gonna love every single sushi roll out there in any sushi place. Our appetizer were the fried salmon skin salad and spicy crab meat salad. With my experience from another sushi place, I'm not too fond of salmon skin salad. The texture doesn't feel right in my mouth.  The spicy crab meat salad was delightful, though.
I didn't have a bad experience with Bleu at all. Everything was wonderful - staff, food and facility. I'll be coming back to satisfy my sushi cravings!Sushi was okay for the price point. I would only recommend for byob+atmosphere. The quality is that of a regular sushi joint with more bells and whistles on top. Only worth it for it's byob, seriously. Service was good too.Affordable and delicious sushi! My fiancé and I passed up another sushi spot on Friday night because the wait was just too long, opting to explore the area for something else. We stumbled upon Bleu and saw that the yelp ratings were good so we went inside and definitely were not disappointed. The fish is very fresh and the prices are fantastic. We are definitely going back!The food sushi here is fresh and tastes great. Above all the customer service is AWESOME. The owner came to my table and introduced himself the server made sure I was good it was a good experience. And it's BYOB can't beat that.This is a true gem on 10th street. Our meal began with a warm welcome from Hendra, the incredibly hardworking and upbeat owner. He described a few special dishes  and made us feel very much at home. 
We loved the scallop with shiitake mushroom appetizer-it was deliciously flavorful and the mushroom texture was perfectly chewy. The next appetizer was black peppered white tune tataki-this is delicate thin tuna slightly seared and served in a unique pepper ponzu sauce. This was also fabulous. The other dishes we tried and really enjoyed include Spicy Salmon Rice And the 10 Street Roll. This is my first Yelp review inspired by how very much we liked Bleu Sushi!DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY! We have been waiting for 1 hour 30 minutes and still NO FOOD!  We've called 3 times and they keep telling us 20 minutes.  They are 3 blocks away!  Do not recommend.  Order from Yellow Tail....much faster.This is my favorite spot for sushi in center city. Everything is great! From their food, to service, and to ambiance, sweet deets. I always start off my meals with their seaweed salad and fried gyoza. Sometimes when I feel like having more fried food I also order their kimchi fries and age tofu. Hands down this place make awesome rolls. Highly recommend their Bleu and Drexel rolls. Don't skip dessert! Save some room for their green tea fried ice cream and mochi. All in all, I'm a fanI'm always on the lookout for great sushi in the city, so while on my way to host an open mic at Cake and the Beanstalk nearby, I stopped into Bleu Sushi for a quick dinner.  The owner seated me right away and let me put my guitar right by the door, which I thought was very considerate of him.  I ended up ordering the Philadelphia Roll (salmon and cream cheese, which usually comes with cucumber, but I opted for it without) and the Ten Street Roll (tuna, yellowtail, salmon and white fish, deep fried on the outside and topped with tobiko; while this one was listed as including scallions and spicy mayo, they graciously accepted my request to leave those out, as they are not quite to my taste).  I was thrilled with the sushi and the promptness of the service, so I will definitely be back!I'm all about Groupons (especially when they're a gift - shout out to my Mom), but sometimes Groupon does me dirty. In the case of Bleu Sushi, Groupon did me dirty. I wanted to use the Groupon before the expiration date, and now I kind of wish I hadn't used it at all (and for me to say that is a big deal). 
I came here for a middle of the week dinner with a friend, both of us stoked for sushi - I love sushi but rarely eat it, so using this Groupon was a nice excuse to chow down on some sush. We were seated at a small table amid the crowded restaurant (boy, do they pack people in there) and proceeded to browse the menu (holding the menu, I accidentally elbowed the woman at the table next to me - that's how tightly we were packed). We started with the kimchee fries (based on numerous Yelp reviews), and as a lover of both kimchi and french fries I cannot understand why these are so highly recommended - the flavors do not mesh and it looks like a pile of sloppy mess. For the entrees we split the Sushi Bleu and the Yaki Soba noodles - neither dish was appetizing, and we actually ended up leaving three pieces of sushi and nearly half off the noodles behind because they were, in a word, terrible (noodles were too salty and the sushi had a rubbery texture that made me wonder how this would affect my GI tract). I must also note that at one point both of us ran out of water, and it took nearly 8 min (yes, I kept track) to get our glasses refilled. When we had 'finished' our food, the owner cleared our plates and didn't bother to ask how the food was or if we would like dessert. All around us (I counted five tables), the owner came over after the entrees were cleared and dropped off dessert on the house (which I had also read about on Yelp), but as soon as he saw my Groupon he shifted his eyes and brought us the bill (literally making us the only table around without dessert). After another wait to pay (can you sense I was pining to get out of there?), we were brought our change with nary a thank you from the owner.
I swear by Yelp, and have read great reviews for this place (even for people using Groupon), but I must say that this was the worst dining experience I have ever had in Philadelphia, and I would certainly not recommend purchasing a Groupon or coming to dine here (but seriously, if you are going to eat here, at least buy the Groupon so that you are not paying full price).Great sushi! Tuna sashimi was extremely fresh as well as the sushi. He was very generous with my portions too. I ordered the tuna sashimi, a tuna roll and a New Jersey roll as well as a miso soup. All of these were great! Deff coming here again!Really good combos and friendly service. We got the Rittenhouse Square, Washington Square,  Temple and Drexel rolls. All were very good, and came out quickly.Our dining experience at Bleu sushi was excellent! The servers were very friendly and attentive and the food was amazing! I will 100% be bringing people back here.Kimchi fries are amazing! Combine this with bleu sushi platter and ice cream. This is a byob so bring your own bottle.  Great for date or group of friends.I'm traveling for work and was craving some sushi for dinner and Yelp did not disappoint.  My hotel referred me to another place but I chose Bleu instead.  The salmon nigiri was melt in the mouth good and my server Ann was attentive and friendly.  If you are looking for a neighborhood place to call your own, Bleu is a great choice.Bleu is one of the best sushi spots in Philly for both the food and the friendly service.  I highly recommend the temple roll (get 2), and try the kimchi fries!I used to live across the street and I still go far out of my new neighborhood to pick up bleu. Delicious, unique menu and kind, generous staff. Can't go wrong.Came here after ordering delivery and it was even better in person. Fantastic service with lots of attention from the manager and complimentary small appetizer and dessert.
The kimchi fries are delicious and the only place I've ever had this dish. The sushi rolls were great and I'll definitely come back again.Came here the first time due to a Groupon. Owner was very friendly, gave us free fries AND dessert. The second time was with reservations for a party of 10 on a Saturday night. The restaurant was packed, but our table was ready as soon as we got there. Service was a little slow, but they were VERY busy. Will definitely take my own wine opener next time so I can at least enjoy a drink while I am waiting. (BYOB is great!) Everyone loved their food. Will definitely be back.We were able to get in at the last minute so we were very happy. It was packed inside but the service was great. Servers were constantly walking by to check on us and the owner came by to introduce himself which I thought was so friendly. The tables are pretty close together but it was fine. Just glad I wasn't carrying a bunch of things with me to get in the way. 
We tried the kimchee fries which were good and gyoza. Then I got two different vegetarian sushi rolls which were just ok. I know by nature the vegetarian rolls are not as flavorful but I still felt slightly disappointed. 
I had the peanut butter ice cream which was good. It's vanilla ice cream with swirls of peanut butter. I wish I had asked for some chocolate sauce with it, that would have made it better. 
I do however think this place has great value! It's a BYOB and for the two of us with appetizers, drinks, rolls, and dessert it was still around $34...Hard to find in center city! I probably would have rated the food a 3 stars but I think the service, friendliness, and value of the place bumped it up to 4 stars!Fast delivery, great food! Really happy i chose to order from Bleu Sushi! Love the sushi, love the Misu soup and great egg rolls! I will definitely order again soon!!People on here are giving a misrepresentation of this restaurant.  I've not only been to MANY sushi places in Philadelphia but this place is by far the worst.  We tried this place a second time, after a miserable experience the first time.  We tried a variety of items on both occasions and I think mall sushi that sat out for days is more edible then this place.  Also, the sushi is miniature.  How is it rated 4.5/5?  Fake reviews? People must be drinking WAY too much wine before eating here.  BEWARE!!!!!! Try Crazy or Fuji if you want real good tasting sushi.We are quite fond of Japanese cuisine and Bleu Sushi has the best Yakatori this side of Kyoto.  Also, you get 5 for what others charge for 3.
Good food, good value.
What else could you want?We got the signature rolls: Rittenhouse Square( very good), South St( very good),Drexel( very good), Blue ( fantastic!), Upenn, Walnut. The dishes look beautiful, very tasty and fresh. Green tea ice cream very refreshing!! Clean and cozy place. Very Friendly staff. Reasonable price. The place closes at 10 PM but the kitchen closes at 9:30 so you need to order before 9:30.  Will definitely come back!I just has the best service I have ever received from any restaurant. The owner and the servers were all very nice and welcoming! And to tip it off, sushi was delicious and met my high expectations. I will definitely be back and highly recommend this place to others. Prob make a reservation though just to guarantee a seating. Also this place is BYOB!! It's truly a hidden gem that you must try!Wonderful food. Great service. The owner, Hendra is so nice and caring. Definitely worth stopping by for a bite.Tried Bleu because of groupon. The fish wasn't fresh. The rolls are mostly fried or mixed with filler. I will not be returningOur night got off to a rough start where it took almost an hour to receive our food on a Thursday night. Our server was amazing though and kept us informed on time and what was going on. The food definitely redeemed the experience. If you go try the Chestnut signature roll.Food was AMAZING! Service was outstanding and wonderful staff! My roommate and I walked past this place and the ambiance of the restaurant drew us in. The mood lighting, tasteful music, and incredible food made it definitely worth our while. This is now my fav local sushi place, it really feels like home.My favorite spot for sushi in the city! First of all, best sushi lunch deal I have found. The any two rolls is only $9 and comes with BOTH a soup and a salad, reducing the terrible stress I normally face having to decide between which of the two I will choose. The sushi always tastes fresh. I think a good judge of a sushi spot is their spicy tuna roll and this one is perfect, not too much crunchy stuff mixed in, not too much sauce, everything about it is just right. They usually give you a scoop of ice cream for dessert if you dine in for lunch which is a nice treat. Also, it's BYOB so can't beat that.3 stars for the sushi and 5 starsfor the service=4. The owners are not Japanese but they are very entertaining and engaging and recommend the right dishes based on your appetite. The presentation is beautiful.The ambience is cozy and perfect for the date night. The Kimchi fries appetizer  with potatoes is sooooooo good!!I just visited this restaurant and the quality of food is pretty good, but not the best. The price aren't that expensive and the staff is friendly. If you want some decent sushi and rolls, but don't wanna spend too much then give it a shot.An interesting ambience, not at all Japanese in decoration, sorta chic gothic dark, very good service and food overall.
The new potato shrimp is good! The picture shows 5 but you get only 4, so it is sorta expensive, perhaps making this appetizer a larger size for $9.95? 6 pieces would work better.
The sushi and sashimi is nicely prepared, fresh and in large pieces, I feel as if I am definitely getting a deal especially using a groupon here.
Highly recommend it to sushi lovers ! They name their rolls here after universities.Some of the freshest tasting tuna in Philly. Great lunch specials. Quick delivery. Like it. Alot.The fish was fresh and it was plentiful meaning that they did not shortchange us like some other sushi places do .   We thought of value for the money was acceptable, the rolls were of a decent size.   The wait staff paid a lot of attention to the tables. We will visit again.We came here to celebrate my coworker's birthday and ordered some combos. The food was excellent, not to mention very filling sushi. Many of us were so full after just two rolls! Their fried chicken is also extremely delicious and has the right crisp. One of us decided to get a surprise cheesecake, which turns out to be a mini cheesecake that serve 5-8 people. It's also from Termini Bro's, so it's some darn good pastry!! Really love how they work with a local bakery. The service was fast and we were truly taken care of. At the end they told us about the Bleu Sushi rewards system, which is pretty cool they do that here. It's great for people who eat here often. For the price, it's good and the quality sushi is way above average!Excellent place for great sushi at a good price! I came here with my family and we ordered a variety of sushi from the menu. The service was friendly and personal. I enjoyed the salmon and yellow tail sashimi the most. Very fresh.
It is a small venue so you may have to wait. It is BYOB and the owner and manager are very nice people. We enjoy supporting great food managed by good people! I will come back the next time I'm in the city!The place is quaint but the sushi is good. It is BYOB and our wine we brought was great with the meal. The owner and staff is extremely friendly I will definitely be returning.In. Love. With. This. Place.
Was looking for a place for a going away party/girls night out and stumbled upon Bleu Sushi. Per the other great reviews, I decided I was worth a shot to check out before making reso's at our usual sushi spot...so glad that I did!
Hendra, the owner, was exceptionally accommodating of our large group of 13**. He and I were in touch throughout the week as our party increased/decreased in size; wonderful business man, very welcoming.
The restaurant itself is small and intimate; perfect low key BYO atmosphere. The night of our get together, there was plenty of different dishes (and bottles of wine!) being passed around. The sushi was fresh, the salads and apps were delicious. Even those who didn't order sushi and settled on the teriyaki entrees were impressed. 
Incredibly happy with how the evening went; would definitely recommend to those in the area! 
**Just as an aside: a $25 per person minimum is required for larger parties. That being said, one also has the option of pre-organizing a menu for the evening, which may be an option to look into, as well. In my opinion, the fixed price was absolutely worth it...no cork fees, fantastic sushi, wonderful service, and as many drinks as one finds appropriate for the night. You can't go wrong!This place was good -- not the best, but good. The sushi was fresh but specialty rolls lacked variety. The staff was great and attentive. The prices are decent. The place is BYOB. Don't leave without ordering the Kimchee Fries, they are a must!!!!Stumbled across this place while visiting the city. My wife and I sat with the owner for almost a hour. He told us his story of how he came to America and became a success. We each had the lunch special and it was outstanding. He even gave us his cell # because we were headed to New York City where he used to live and told us to call if we needed anything.
Matt & MaggieIf you want sushi in Washington Square West this is the place to go - don't bother with any of the others, I've tried them and this is the best.  The sushi is very fresh and the rolls are delicious. My favorites are the Blue, Locust, and Temple. The owner and waitstaff are so kind and gracious - it's like eating dinner with family. Tonight, when our sushi order was taking some time, the owner brought complimentary edamame to our table so "we had something to munch on while we talked". Now that is customer service!It's ok. Kind of over-priced, for the portions.  Their special rolls are thin, like regular rolls.  I'd probably wait for a groupon offer or lunch time to eat here again.  Not rushing back any time soon.Amazing! The service is great, just one tempura roll wasn't the best option, but the other rolls and the Miso soup were absolutely delicious!I ordered Kabukiza for lunch last week from GrubHub and Bleu Sushi this week from Postmates and I'm pleased to say that Bleu Sushi also offers the 3 sushi roll lunch special.  It's a couple dollars more than Kabukiza ($12.95 as opposed to $10.95) but you get both the miso soup and the salad.  Honestly, you can skip the salad.  The dressing is lumpy and kinda flavorless.  The soup was great, though.
I love the different, unique varieties of sushi rolls that Bleu has (you can even get one with chicken in it). I got the Jefferson (shrimp tempura with a spicy mayo), the California and the Spicy Salmon, which was my favorite.  It had the perfect balance of crunchy and soft and was just spicy enough but not too spicy.  All were really delicious, but the tempura tends to fall apart with the mayo all over it.  The California had a bit of a kick of some type of wasabi, which was great.
This seemed a little more upscale in presentation that Kabukiza, so I would definitely dine in here or order again through Postmates (seriously, check out that delivery service when you get a chance- it's awesome).Bleu sushi was an excellent venue for dinner tonight. They were so welcoming for our large party (of 10!) and we received fantastic service.  I can't wait to head back for another Spicy Three.Last week I decided to take my nephew out for lunch since he is a doctor at Jefferson (Go Drew!!!) it is my duty to make sure he gets a good meal in every now and again. He wanted to go for sushi and usually I stray away since my Gallbladder removal, but I decided to go for it anyway. Best decision ever!!! Our server, Dixie was her name, was so nice and always there when you needed her. Our water glasses were never empty! She was very quick and had our food out so quick. We went for lunch so we got the lunch box special, very good.  Drew got a california hand roll. Proud of him. Overall very good portions and excellent food. Will be returning :)My husband and I went for an impromptu date night last week after making a reservation on OpenTable (would recommend this as the space inside is quite small). When we arrived the restaurant was full, however only waited a few minutes to be seated. Love that it's a BYOB! Our appetizers came out very quickly, however a miscommunication must have happened between the kitchen and our waitress, as it took 1.5 hours for our meal to be delivered. As we only ordered four total rolls to share, this was surprising. Thankfully we were enjoying the wine we brought and hadn't even noticed for a while as to how long it was actually taking. It was clear that this was a kitchen error as the owner profusely apologized a number of times. They knocked off 25% of our bill and brought free desserts. Saving grace was the food was delicious. Would return only if guaranteed to not wait so long next time :)Great place for lunch. They have delicious and fresh sushi rolls for an affordable price. For someone who's trying out sushi for the first time, they should come here. Fantastic service, greeted by owner personally. Will come here again.The kimchi fries were GREAT -- flavorful with cheese wiz & green onions & some kind of sauce (hoisin?), though much kimchi as far as we could tell. On my first visit, I'd had a smoked oyster roll that was excellent, but I didn't see it on the menu this time. However, the sweet potato roll was undercooked. They don't have pots of tea, only individual cups, which is weird for an Asian restaurant. The manager is very nice & have us complimentary red bean once cream for dessert!sushi is very good,  white tuna with roasted garlic was a nice surprise.What a great little GEM! I was so stoked that we stumbled in here one evening so famished after playing softball.  Immediately we were greeted by a very sweet server who showed us to our seats and brought a cucumber salad to snack on.  We ordered our rolls and were really impressed with the variety and creativity of the menu.  The sushi was FAB and we will definitely be returning! :)Fantastic evening! 
I can't remember when the owner of a restaurant last came over to greet me to welcome me and my entire party. None of us had ever visited Bleu Sushi before. Hendra came over and welcomed us. When he found out it was my birthday, he went above and beyond. The sushi was fresh and delicious. The service was second to none! We will absolutely go back again. Each of us in my party equally enjoyed the experience and are already planning our next visit.We're slowly making our way through the entire Philadelphia sushi scene and man have we become snobs. That being said, we're not morimoto type sushi snobs. We stick generally to the 3-4 star establishments that are typically at one point on LivingSocial or Groupon and most would describe as the city's "best kept secret". This place had wonderful special rolls which we both really enjoyed and a really relaxed atmosphere while also being really clean and attentive. We went with the Temple and Race special rolls and they were both very different from anything we'd had before!! We'll be back.I've been going to bleu sushi since it opened and I must say the quality of fish is great and everyone is so nice and friendly and delivery is always quick. 
However, with all these positives I only give it 3 stars because now that bleu sushi has been here a while the amount of food you receive for what you pay for is just not equal.  
I always order sashimi either as a sashimi appetizer or sashimi chirashi or a la carte.  The sashimi pieces are about half the size as other sushi places but they charge the same price.  This made sense when they had their $1.00 a piece special but now that everything is back to the regular price it's just not worth it.  I will frequent other sushi places that have the same quality but give more for my money like yellowtail sushi or sumo sushi.This place is really cute and nice on the inside. I want to love this place because of that and the excellent customer service. But the three sushi rolls I ordered were bland, had too much rice, and had  chewy, rubbery seaweed that didn't even go all the way around the sushi roll pieces. The salad dressing was crazy heavy handed. The miso.soup and chcocolate ice cream were amazing. Perhaps the sushi chef today was distracted because the quality of his work was lacking. It was odd because the restaurant wasnt even busy while I was there so I dont know why my rolls were made the way they  were. Sorry Bleu SushiI ordered the sashimi platter and enjoyed the fish, but the wasabi was so weak compared to any that I've had before (even just H mart wasabi). The hot beef bowl had good quality beef, and the portions were large. The age tofu was solid, so was the salmon skin salad. The service was very good.Extraordinary food and excellent service. Definitely my favorite Japanese restaurant :)I've dined in and ordered delivery - both were great experiences! Delicious sushi on both occasions. I will say that the delivery was the most meticulous I've ever received. Quick, and everything was wrapped so there were no spills and the miso was still hot! Bleu is the best in CC East.Delicious ginger dressing and sushi rolls. The spicy tuna was our favorite and the owner was very welcoming. We would definitely eat here again on our next visit to Philly.I love Bleu Sushi--it's become a real neighborhood go-to for me because it gets crowded, but I've never had a problem getting a seat.  Have I had better sushi before, even in Philadelphia?  Probably.  But nothing that beats the price point and the service here. All the sushi here is fresh and delicious, and the kitchen almost always sends out free dishes-either crispy fish skin to start, or green tea ice cream to end. The wait staff and host are as nice as can be. It's also a rare BYO that doesn't jack up its food prices to compensate for lack of alcohol sales.     
That being said, I can still acknowledge that they need to work on their menu.  Pretty much anything that we've ordered off the menu that's not a roll, sushi or sashimi is not great.  The side salad that comes with the sushi combos is always overdressed plain iceberg lettuce, and the other option, a miso soup, is watery.  We've also tried a couple kinds of dumplings and shumai, all of which were fine, but definitely forgettable.  Stick to the fish.Had a fantastic first meal at Bleu, and will definitely be going back! The sushi was fresh and delicious, and the portions were very generous. I loved the surprise garlic on one of our sushi orders - yum. The Amigos roll was inventive and so yummy - really interesting flavors while still showcasing the fresh tuna. The beef negamaki was delicious as well, as was everything we ordered. The service was pleasant and friendly, and it's a nice, relaxing atmosphere for dinner. You must try Bleu!Great service and even better sushi! Our friends frequent Bleu Sushi and always have a great experience so we went to dinner with them tonight. The miso soup had more flavor than any other I've tried. The Ten Street was different than most sushi in a good way. It had deep fried wrap around the tuna with yellow tail and salmon and lots of flavor. It is an intimate setting with candlelight and small tables. Can't wait to try more on the menu.We randomly stopped into this restaurant before we drove back to North Jersey yesterday afternoon.  It was a rainy afternoon so this was the first sushi restaurant we spotted in the area.  We are happy we found this gem. I had the Springfield and Philadelphia, my girlfriend had the Springfield/Spicy Salmon. All were excellent. Price was cheap and the food was great. What more can you ask for? Not to mention the staff was super friendly. The owner came over to chat with us once we were done eating which we thought was nice. It was our first time in Philly but we will definitely return to have sushi here. Keep up the great work.-Owner is amazing: personable, kind, and funny. 
-Make a reservation! Food and ambiance are so good, people don't want to leave. 
-Pick up is really fast. 
-Food is really high quality for a very reasonable price. 
-BYOBFried Oyster Roll, Kimchi Fries, and Great Service!
When you can have owner interaction and a smile on every staff members' face, it's so easy to gorge.  Willingly, we ate our faces off starting with a tasting of fried salmon skin, then to the Unagi hot rice bowl (the fried bits at the bottom are the best), salad, and a few rolls.  Fried oyster roll = egg roll of deliciousness.  Oh yea..those Kimchi fries, with wiz? How is this not the next "it" food?  All they need to do is add a little onion and it would scream "Philly."I ordered for the first time last week, grubhub made a glitch error and the staff that answered the phone at the restaurant was very quick to solve the issue, food was delicious, definitely will be another one of our date night spots.I usually do not write reviews but I really enjoyed my entire experience here. The atmosphere was modern and cozy, the miso soup and rolls were really good and everything was very reasonably priced. Also it's a BYOB. I really enjoyed the Rittenhouse, bleu, and drexel rolls. To top of what was already a great dinner our waiter brought us complimentary fresh strawberry ice cream. The owner then stopped by to see how everything was and after chatting for a bit offered us some "dessert" sake on the house. It was delicious. Really great night out!Great place for some great sushi. The reviews are true this is a nice place to have some dinner with some friends, but grab a seat quick. When we went it was pretty empty, but then quickly it became really full. I saw alot of pictures of the kimchee fries and decided to try them and they're delicious, just get that as a starter. I tried the Villanova and the Rainbow roll and everything was great. It came out in a timely manner and I left when a line started happening to get in.Decent sushi and large menu that includes some inventive Korean inspired dishes like Korean chicken wings and kimchi French fries that made my fiancé very happy (along with hibachi and noodle dishes also). Ordered the wings and fries, miso soups, edamame, chirashi, and a roll. All were very good and delivered with a smile. Most sushi/sashimi platters come with soup or salad. Portions were big. Even the cuts of fish. Everything was fresh and service was incredibly attentive and personable. Small cozy place but has some atmosphere and a small sushi bar you can sit at. Also byob. Can't believe how reasonably priced our dinner was considering the quantity and quality of food. We walked out very full and satisfied!Cute lil place!
I enjoyed my entree of sushi, sashimi and roll.  I suppose i could have shared it with my fiance but I didn't.  Was it supposed to be for 2? 
He had the chicken teriyaki and enjoyed it as well.  He regretted not getting a sizzling bowl of rice and protein when he saw one brought out, so we'll be back for that.  (and I might just get my same dish again.)  The menu is small but it does the trick! Fun rolls, a few entrees and apps AND it's byo!  
I just wished they brought out the entrees at the same time because the teriyaki came out a few or more minutes before mine, and my finace gobbled it up pretty quickly and watched me eat my dish for a while.  Good thing he doesn't crave raw fish so I didn't have to get all food agro and eat it quickly before he stole all the pieces.
The owner came out personally to greet everyone too and then said good bye.  He was super nice.PERFECT BYOB sushi spot! Wish I would have discovered this gem sooner. Prices are great, ambiance is relaxing and perfect for a date, service was flawless, and the sushi was way better than most I have had in the city. The owner, Hendra, is incredibly friendly and hospitable. He introduced himself to us and thanked us for coming to his restaurant, advised us on how to best enjoy our sake that we brought, and even suggested the red bean mochi ice cream for dessert (bessssst recommendation ever). Go for lunch, since the specials are great, or go for dinner, like we did. The specialty rolls were creative and further customizable, if you want to change a particular ingredient. Stay away from the kimchi fries, unless you want some french fries with random toppings. Wish we got the seaweed salad and dumplings instead! Looked awesome. Go buy some sake on 12th and Chestnut, and get your butt over to this place.I find it disappointing that the owner of Bleu Sushi has so transparently purchased positive reviews. Let's consider the evidence:
1) 4 Months ago there were nearly zero reviews for the place. Now, 150+?
2) Their sushi is average at best. In the 5th most populous city in the country, that this average sushi place would be rated 4.5/5 stars, among the likes of amazing restaurants like Zama, Doma, and Umai Umai is laughable and makes it clear that this is fabricated.
3) The service is horrible. The owner often sits up front browsing the internet while his untrained waitstaff (family?) mess about and or make major mistakes in orders.
4) They often run lunch specials or free appetizers for local students/doctors but try to charge or won't give it unless odd stipulations are met.
Overall I'm really disappointed that they clearly went this route to drum up business instead of improving the quality of their food.
I seriously recommend you look elsewhere for sushi/Japanese food!This place was very good. We got the arch and the Villanova signature rolls through the signature combo. It was a great deal. The service was also very friendly and quick. We also got the age tofu and the chicken wings which were very good.What a disappointment!! 
I was visiting the area and was trying to rely on yelp reviews to make a sushi bar choice. My work associates all agreed we would give this place a try. 
Small place but not too bad. They were full when we initially arrived. We left our number and he said he would be calling as soon as 20-30 minutes. 
We decided to walk around and kill time.  About 30 minutes passed and we actually went back to the restaurant to see how close we were to getting a table. 
Another guy greeted us and was able to seat us immediately. We were thrilled. 
Then came the wait.....and wait.....while it seemed everyone around us was getting waited on, we were still waiting. No one ever came to our table to introduce himself as our waiter. 
After a while we had to flag down a guy and ask him to take our order. 
When we finally got our meals- well, all I can say is -- it's VERY AVERAGE! 
Average quality - decent presentation -- overall NOT worth it! 
I don't recommend it at all. 
I go there for work as well as fun, and will have to try another one next time.The food is fresh and it tastes great.  The owner and staff are very nice and welcoming. The prices are fair, and it's BYOB. My go to sushi place near Society Hill.This is a great neighborhood gem that is never too crowded but always a reliable good meal. The sushi is always fresh and the hot sizzling salmon rice bowl is my favorite. The menu has a decent variety and is moderately priced for sushi in Center City. 
The owner, Hendra, always comes around to each table to small talk and is very friendly and personable. He makes sure the meal and service is good and always gives us free dessert when we come. 
Solid place for a reliable meal if you're in the mood for sushi.If you're in the neighborhood you should definitely check out bleu!  The sushi is always fresh and some of the most delicious I've had in Philadelphia.  The Tempura is crispy, the fish melts in your mouth, and the sauces are just the right balance of sweet and savory. I've been for lunch and dinner (note: the lunch specials are surprisingly affordable!) and in my most recent visit the restaurant was even kind enough to bring us out free ice cream and the chef's "specialty" appetizer for the day on the house.  One of the true Philly BYOB gems.I stumbled upon this place by accident and it turned out to be amazing. The wait staff is excellent. The lunch box combo is a great deal. And the food is delicious. And they have us a complimentary scoop of green tea ice cream. Love this place! I highly recommend it if you're in Philly.Service was great and love the byob. However sushi was just okay, nothing special. Probably won't returnFantastic!! We order from here all the time, and each time it's better and better. The rolls are delicious and a good portion. The only thing I don't like is the dressing on the salad - way too thick. But the rolls are filling enough and the best I've had around!Great sushi! Small place but very cute and they give ice cream at the end of the meal, definitely be back!I had a great lunch two weeks back at Bleu sushi. There were four of us and everyone enjoyed their lunch. The staff and owner were very friendly and made the experience even better. The staff overheard me say it was my birthday and the owner came over to wish me a happy birthday. I would highly recommend this place for sushi lunch in center city.They're not quite out of business yet (still advertising via Groupon though) but I contacted Groupon and told them about my bad experience. They refunded me.I am a suto snobe when it comes to food because living in Philly there are so many fantastic places to eat! Blue Sushi was superb! Fresh, reasonably priced, customer service great, the owner came to check on our meal-overal 10. And they deliver. GO!
Our go to normal is Sumo, which is also a  staple BYOB near our home. However Bleu Sushi will be taking the crown.This is definitely a solid go to sushi restaurant. I first visited this place on a groupon with a friend and we both have been back multiple times since. Prices are very affordable across the whole menu. I'm still hesitant about trying uncooked sushi so I tend to go with my go-to shrimp tempura, which is always perfect. The Korean chicken wings are phenomenal. Def a must have.
The inside of the restaurant has a blue lighting which makes for a great ambiance on date nights or even just nights out with friends. Waiters are always very attentive. it's BYOB and I've seen people come in on reservations.Excellent food, great atmosphere!  A must for sushi lovers!  Celebrated my son's college graduation here and was very pleased!  They were even able to help me navigate the menu to accommodate my gluten allergy. Will definitely eat here again!Came with a Groupon for 2 people. Had a 9pm reservation on a Saturday and wasn't seated until 9:15. Service was slow and inattentive - looked like there were only two waiters attending to ~20 tables and we had to ask multiple times for someone to come take our order, refill our water glasses, etc. Sushi was ok - some creative options, but nothing that stood out about the meal. Would've been very disappointed if I had paid full price for the meal, but for a Groupon + the fact that it's BYOB, it was okay.This is hands down the best sushi in town.  I found Bleu Sushi on the way back from my chiropractor one rather sad little Thursday.  I had 20minutes for lunch.  I told the waiter, and he suggested the two roll lunch special.  Sounded great so I went with that.  I received a salad, miso soup, 2 hand rolls, and a little dish of ice cream for $13.  Best yet, I was out in 10 minutes and was completely refreshed, full, and the Thursday wasn't so sad anymore.
Then I found out they delivered. I recently started working in old city, by Pennsylvania Hospital, and I work in a very small department. Everywhere has a minimum delivery order amount, but when you're the only one in the place that orders out, it gets expensive fast.  So, on days when I forget my lunch, I order either the 2 or 3 roll lunch special - I get the miso soup and salad with it, and then I order the Mochi ice cream - red bean flavor.  It's wonderful and delightful, and while it's a little pricy (About $18 for everything), I'm full, happy, and don't ever have to leave my desk  I would eat there every day if I could afford it.  Delightful and special and I'm so happy to have happened upon it.Great restaurant!! Great owner, great food!! Kimchee fries are the best! Sushi is fresh. Service is outstanding. It's my new go-to place for my friends that come for a visit. The place is small do you may want to make reservations but it's also cozy.With so many options for sushi in Center City, it's pretty difficult yet important to set yourself apart from all the rest. At the choosing of a friend, I came here on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 18 to celebrate a mutual friend's birthday. First, the place is small so the fact that they could accommodate such a large party was a feat itself. 
Second, the menu was complete with the usual array of specialty rolls, tempura, teriyaki, appetizers and regular hand rolls. The perks of being with such a large group is that you can share and try a bunch of different things so I had everything from the pork gyoza to the chirashi to a couple of the specialty rolls to the salmon teriyaki. Everything was fresh, delicious and well plated. 
The flip side to dining out with such a large group is that you trust that the server will keep everyone's order straight and know who ordered what so that things can move a lot smoother. That wasn't the case but we worked through it. I would like to come back either alone or on a date and experience a more personally attentive time. Solid sushi overall.Spend your money elsewhere....i have been to and ordered takeout from bleu sushi quite a few times and it's always been decent/okay. However their 'customer service' is awful and they do not care about satisfying the customer if their are not happy with their meal. You are a restaurant, the whole point is to serve edible food that people would like to eat. 
I ordered chicken yaki udon which I've had before and what was delivered to be was legitimately MYSTERY MEAT. The dish had an awful odor that food should not smell like and the 'meat' was grey. My husband tried it and said it did not taste like chicken or fish and was very very gross....what was this grey rubber they served as their chicken yaki udon? I will never know but i did not take one bite of this meal because it was that un-appetizing.
Upon contacting grub hub/the restaurant the manager refused to give me a refund. I did not ask for all the entire meal/order to be free, but simply wanted my $14 back for something was not appetizing or edible. The manager would only refund me $3 and kept insisting it was 'well made'. Well made with what??? I would have not made a big stink about this if the manager would have just agreed to refund the one chicken yaki udon item. But instead he thought that providing a $3 refund would make me happy customer? Wrong.
Here is a photo of one the worst things i have ever been 'served' from a restaurant. DO NOT EAT HERE, SPEND YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE FROM AN ESTABLISH WHO VALUES SERVING DECENT FOOD.This is hands down my favorite sushi place in the city. They're typically very fast, very friendly, and the environment has a cool vibe. I eat sushi probably 3-4 times a week, but I have yet to find a place I like more than this. Highly highly highly recommendMy first visit to Philadelphia came along with a craving for some good sushi. After a long day of doing typical center-city Philly touring, I finally got my boyfriend to agree to try sushi for the first time. He is the pickiest of picky eaters (both by personal preference and because of allergies), so I knew I needed to pick a really good place. Trusting my always faithful Yelp! app, I found Bleu. Granted, it wasn't my first choice (the place I wanted to go to had a gap between lunch and dinner), but it was held in high regards. Fellow Yelpers seemed to rave about this place, so I thought it was worth a try considering the circumstances. 
We walked here from the Independence Hall Center, and it took us about 15 minutes. The outside of the building isn't too much to rave about, considering we almost missed it. It is, however a blue door, with blue-framed windows and small sign that reads Bleu. Go figure. We walked in to a completely empty restaurant. Its a really small place, pretty much just a strip of booths and a center walkway with the actual sushi making station at the back. We were asked if we had a reservation, which seemed odd because the place was completely empty with the exception of the staff. We informed the server wearing Nike sweatpants and a blue t-shirt that we did not, but we were seated immediately anyway. 
I was quite confused throughout the entire meal service. You have a very trendy, upscale looking restaurant that lives up to the name of Bleu (because literally everything inside is a blue color), yet you have servers and employees that are half dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt yet the other half wearing slacks and a black button down shirt? I didn't know if we were underdressed or just fitting in? Ok.. 
Anyhow, we took a look at the menu, and their prices are typical of sushi joints of the same caliber. Please keep in mind that sodas are served by the can! Prices are around $5-$6 for regular rolls, $4-$5 for nigiri, and $10-$15 for specialty rolls. Being the picky eater he is, my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken ($13) as a fallback and I decided for us to share the Rittenhouse roll, the traditional Philly roll (when in Rome), and the Ten Street roll. 
The Philly roll was the most unedible of them all. It was mainly just mealy and mushy cucumber wrapped into a roll with a teeny bit of salmon and cream cheese. The cucumber was unpleasantly overbearing and left a funny taste in your mouth. Unfortunately, it was the first item my boyfriend tasted, and it made him weary to try anything else. I convinced him to try the rest. The Rittenhouse Square roll was okay at best. It would have been much better if the sprinkling of herbs/seasoning on top was omitted from the recipe. It was honestly a clash of flavors and made the roll taste awkward and out of place. The Town roll was the one that we both enjoyed the most out of the three. Don't be fooled. Just because we liked it the most out of the three doesn't mean it was actually good. It was the most edible. It seemed just like Albacore tuna from a can was dried out, put into a roll and deep fried. Slap some spicy mayo on top and you've just made yourself the Town roll. It was very crunchy, even for a deep-fried roll (almost like the consistency of a Dorito), and was difficult to chew. 
Service was nearly nonexistent. The only time they really came to check on us was once when my water glass was refilled. At the end of the meal service they brought us two complimentary ice cream samples. They were about the size of a tablespoon each and were a vanilla/peanut butter mixture- very odd for a sushi place to be offering peanut butter ice cream after a meal service? 
Anyhow, the bill came out to around $51 dollars, and after tip it it was close to around $65. In my personal opinion, this is a very hefty price to pay for sub-par sushi and non existent service. Lesson learned I guess. I'm almost embarrassed that I brought my boyfriend there for his first sushi experience, because it was that un-enjoyable. I'm from the Phoenix, AZ area where sushi is known to be less than favorable, and I have had better from some places in my neighborhood.The food was delicious.
-The fish and salad were fresh.
-The brown rice replacement was very tasty and at no extra charge, which made it even more tasty.
Professional service
-The manager came to our table, spoke to us and ensured our food was what we expected.
-Very clean atmosphere. 
Excellently priced. 
-High quality sushi for a very reasonable price.Ugh- this review might piss people off.  I came here after a friend recommended it and was super stoked to try it out.  I even read reviews before arriving (in true Yelper form) and was even more thrilled about my reservation because of the 4 and 5 star write ups.  My experience was not pleasant.  Not even close.  The service was bad and the food was mediocre at best.  
Reservations were for a Friday night.  With wine in tow, I arrived, opened the door and was immediately standing over someone's entree.  Cool. As my date and I stood there waiting to be seated I felt like I was in some weird basement sushi frat party. Tightly packed with zero elbow room.  Dimly lit with weird purple/blue lighting but not dark enough that I didn't notice the metal folding chairs at the tables. What? Metal folding chairs? Is this a 4th of July picnic at weird Aunt Nancy's crib in Northeast Philly? 
Once we were seated and I was finished judging the interior, I decided to put it all behind me and focus on the food -which, I had plenty of time to do since our order wasn't taken for about 20+ minutes.  Finally, once we got some attention, we decided going sharesies with a few regular rolls and two specialty rolls: the Temple Roll and Ten Street roll.  The Temple had spicy yellowtail, tempura flakes wrapped in black peppered seared white tuna with some sweet sauce. It was good but nothing exceptional- and, sadly, it was the better of the two special rolls we ordered.  
Wait, TWO special rolls? Yes. This is the conversation I had to have with the waitress since only one was brought out.  Once the order was finally corrected our Ten Street roll arrived and it looked unappetizing.  On the menu its described as deep fried tuna, salmon, yellowtail and white fish, finished with unagi sauce, massgo, scallion and spicy mayo.  Should be described as: gross.  It was overcooked and I could definitely taste the old (and probably unchanged) oil from their fryer.   I normally stay far away from cooked maki rolls but I've had some pretty stellar deep fried rolls in my time and this one didn't even come close.  It was foul.  Aside from being burnt and small, it tasted like Bumblebee canned tuna and was smothered in sauces. Needless to say, after waiting 30 minutes for it after we placed our original order- I was peeved. 
During our dinner service was inattentive. Maybe it was because the restaurant was busy or perhaps they were all in the back putting out what smelled like a small grease fire for the last 15 minutes of our meal complete with smoke that started to make its way into the dining room. More burnt Ten Street canned Bumblebee tuna rolls for everyone?Sashimi Blue if you are Into beautiful fresh fish.  Owner has fish flown in from Japan.  White tuna like butter.  Presentation for two with artistic veggies.  Tried Washington Sq., Ten Street, and Temple rolls, all spectacular.So happy to have this place in the neighborhood! They keep switching up the menu to keep things fresh. The menu has a good selection without being overwhelmingly vast. I'll come here anytime for lunch or dinner and they even deliver now.
Careful with the age tofu - it comes out hot.
All of the stone rice bowls are awesome if you're up for more comfort food than sushi.
I love all of the sushi, but my favorite is probably the Arch - which comes without rice.For a friendly neighborhood sushi bar, this has it all!  We absolutely love this place -- we've been a couple of times since it opened just a few weeks ago. The quality of the sushi, maki, and sashimi is really good, and surprisingly affordable. The menu is a great combination of 'classics' and some more individual or innovative dishes, so there's likely to be something to please most people. The atmosphere is unpretentious and relaxing, and the wait staff are really friendly and attentive (we've had excellent service both times).  A great addition to the neighborhood -- we'll be coming back!I have gone to Bleu twice now and both times, my experience here as been remarkable. I was greeted by a friendly waiter and the owner, Hendra, himself at the door. The staff is personable and Hendra takes the time to welcome his customers, which is quite rare. This is backed by the food the restaurant serves - exceptional. The aged tofu appetizer is absolutely delicious. The sashimi is great but my favorites were the Chestnut and South Street roles, both with VERY tender meat and VERY delicious. My wife and I absolutely enjoyed the food here and will definitely be coming back!Great experience for the whole family. Great salmon roll sushi and spicy tuna also surprisingly good kimchi french fries, Washington square roll and other goodies.Amazing meal. The cooked food was as delicious as the sushi. We had a perfect meal. Great service too. The wings and hot stone bowl were my favorites, and the sushi was fresh and delicious. Definitely need to plan a trip backMy friend and I went to Bleu Sushi about a week ago - I found them on a "deal site" and figured I'd give it a try.
I am so glad that we did. The place was not crowded (it was a Wednesday around 6:30) and we were seated right away. Our server was very pleasant, and the place has a cool vibe.
My friend and I both ordered a special where you get 2 signature rolls and a soup or salad. I ordered the bleu roll and the Temple roll. The salad was standard.
The rolls though...they were awesome. Seriously delicious. Everything was incredibly fresh and the portions were huge. My friend and I both weren't able to finish our food...which rarely happens at a sushi place! The ginger was also really good - which is kind of an odd thing to notice, but I'm not lying! 
We were plotting where to go for dessert, and they surprised us with some vanilla ice cream. Really a nice touch.
Definitely want to go back again when I'm in the city - this place is very good.I bought the groupon, but will be back without it!  This place is a little difficult to find.  You have probably walked right by it a million times.  The food was delicious and the service was exceptional.  The place is so nice and cozy. Oh, and the owner takes a lot of pride in his place and it shows.A perfect spot for a romantic date. It's BYOB, inexpensive, with phenomenally good sushi and a chic, upscale decor. One of my favorite restaurants and a great addition to the Wash West community - the owner Hendra is so nice and always makes you feel like a movie star. Great service and not at all noisy. Highly recommend!A fantastic place for weekday lunch break. I've been here several times just for their lunch special (11am-3pm) which is fantastic! You get two rolls, miso soup, salad, and if the weather is warm, even ice cream for only $8.95. Definitely enough food to fill you up, and it's pretty good too. After visiting this place on numerous occasions, I have several lunch roll favorites:
1. Pennsylvania Roll: Who knew that sweet potato tempura, unagi sauce, and rice would go so well together? All of my friends LOVE this roll too -- it's a perfect balance of sweet, crispy, and savory. 
2. Pittsburg Roll: Also unique to Bleu Sushi is a roll with fried oyster and cucumber. Sounds like a strange combination, but trust me, it's great. 
3. Jefferson Roll: The classic shrimp tempera roll -- you can never go wrong here. 
I've tried to the sushi a la carte here also, and while it's not the best, it's still decent. That being said, the a la carte sushi is a little overpriced ($4.50 for 2 pieces), and the lunch special with the rolls is so much better. 
Basically, come here for the awesome lunch special and try some of their specialty rolls, but don't get sushi a la carte.I have to say that I have mixed feelings about Bleu Sushi. It's a perfectly serviceable sushi place but nothing about it stood out enough for me. If I could, I would've given it a 3.5. This is a perfectly good example of a place that is good but not quite great. Admittedly, three stars is a bit low..but four is a bit too high. Considering all the other great restaurants in the area, however, I gave it a three for comparison's sake.
As I said, nothing stood out or blew me away. My favorite part of the meal was the Korean Chicken Wings. Fried perfectly and juicy. 
I like that the Sushi had a good variety of choices. We got scallops, soft shell crab and oysters in our rolls. The soft shell crap was my favorite as the cream cheese, cucumber and spicy mayo blended together nicely. Again, not the best but still quite good.
They were busy so service was a bit slow but nothing extreme so this isn't a big complaint. Just wanted to point it out. They were kind and patient when they did come around. I'd call it passable service.
I really think the best way to describe it is: above average food with average service. I'd say this place is a safe bet for a solid meal. It just won't knock your socks off.
Points for: Korean Chicken Wings, BYOB
No points: Sushi, serviceGreat food, amazing customer service and the best cute little sushi place downtown! Very impressed!The sushi is very good, as are the kimchi cheese fries! The ambiance is very cool with a lot of blue light and almost no over the head lighting. The seating is also very comfortable with lots of which benches.Visiting from New York and tried this place out while visiting. The lunch special is great it is from 11-3. With this special you get two rolls soup and a salad for 8.95. Great deal! I recommend the spicy yellow tail! It was delicious! The owner himself is very friendly along with his staff. Overall a great experience.Pricing of food: not super expensive but not cheap too.
Service: didnt give enough cups for water for our party of 6, had to ask 3 times. Same with napkins and chopsticks.
The wait: 50 minutes after sitting down and already ordered. They got 2 chefs trying to make 25-30 ppl worth of sushi sashimi and outcalls.
Menu: had some basics but not traditional Japanese. 
Came to us twice with the wrong orders... Sad :/
Food: Small portions but nicely decorated. 
I'd say get only appetizers... Unless you got 2-3 hours to burn.So happy this restaurant has come to the neighborhood - it's become our go-to, "let's get sushi" place. Quaint & intimate, it's the perfect place for date night or catching up with friends. The sushi is fantastic (the Temple roll is amazing), and the ginger dressing on the salad is some of the best I've ever had. Hendra, the owner, genuinely cares for his customers and will stop by the table to see how your meal is going. It's also a BYOB and that's always a good thing :)Very disappointed by the sashimi bleu. $21.95 for 15 pieces. They did not tell you that four of the 15 were the fakes crabmeat. It is unbelievable that any sushi bar would serve faked crabmeat as sashimi to its customers. For twelve pieces of mediocre quality tuna, salmon and yellowtail, $21.95 was grossly over priced.Great sushi. Small portions, but the prices fit the portion. Great ambience. Surprised that this place is never crowded when I'm there, but it's nice to get seated so quickly. Service is fantastic!! They have non-sushi items on the menu as well, but I would stick to sushi if you go since that's what they do best. The miso soup is great!I had a great dining experience here! The food was delicious and the service was great! A really cool environment best for a small group or a date. The sushi rolls were all named after schools areas, and streets of Philadelphia which made it really personal and unique. I will definitely be coming back again!I came here with my roommate and had a Groupon. I had high expectations for this place based on the Yelp reviews, but for me the experience was only okay.
My friend and I ordered 4 specialty rolls (Temple, South St, Washington, and UPenn), and kimchi fries. The most memorable of the rolls was the Temple, which had seared white tuna with a burnt/smokey flavor. I would definitely recommend you order that roll. The rest of the rolls were just average, nothing special. One of the rolls had unagi (eel) in it but the pieces were not large enough for me to taste the fish. The sushi rice was a little too hard and a bit bland (could use more vinegar). The kimchi and gochujang on the kimchi fries were creative and refreshing but the fries themselves were just the zig-zag cut fries that you can get from the freezer aisle of the supermarket. They could really use fancier ingredients. In general, Bleu Sushi's menu was missing some of my sushi-restaurant-go-to items. No octopus/squid salad. No mackerel. Nothing with mango in it! At the end of the meal, we got "complimentary" ice cream but it was a joke really--a scoop of approximately 1.5 tablespoons, freezer burned, and not even an exotic flavor like red bean or matcha.
Lastly, my least favorite part about the experience was the atmosphere. The restaurant itself was way smaller than expected and stupidly cramped. The waiters could barely maneuver without having to step aside or push in a chair. I could hear people's conversations next to me. While leaving, I got caught in an awkward umbrella battle--it was raining outside--with people who had entered the small foyer area before I was able to get out and had to sandwich myself behind the door and the glass wall so I could let them in. The whole experience made me feel uptight and I just wanted to get the hell out of there. Even though the interior of the restaurant had nice wall paper, dimmed blue lights, and nice decor, I would not recommend this place if you are going for a private, romantic, and non-awkward date.
I probably would not return. There are much better sushi places in town with more extensive menus, better sushi, or better atmosphere. Try Vic's (cramped but REALLY good sushi) or Fat Salmon (good sushi/non-sushi entrees and nice trendy atmosphere) or even Makiman (extensive menu and good food).
No troubles using the Groupon and the service was average.They would have gotten 5 but they don't mark you off in opentable.  I have to dispute to get points with ooentable.  I told the girl that have us the menu to mark us off. She said ok right away and she didn't! That was only downside.  After walking by this place so many times and found the deal on groupon, why not check it out. I have been looking for my new go to sushi place and I found it. 
They seat us and served water right away. They also filled water often unlike some restaurants you have to ask or wait forever. After we ordered, we got a little bowl complimentary appetizer of ginger-pickled cucumber.  Service was quick and friendly.  We ordered two appetizers, a few rolls and a hot entree. Everything was just amazing.
The owner is very friendly. He stopped at every table to say hi and made sure all his customers are happy with the service. This is the place that I will definitely come back even without a groupon deal.  Oh and did I mention it's BYOB!The food was alright. However, we double checked if the shrimp was cooked or not. The Japanese waiter said it would be cooked, but it turned out to be raw. If they intend to have better ratings, they should improve their manners. Especially the Japanese server I spoke of earlier has a terrible attitude.This is my local sushi joint and I LOVE their sushi. From the outside, it looks dingy,  but the inside is very modern and clean. Great for friends or a date and found their rolls reasonably priced. Highly recommend.Delicious food, fresh sushi, friendly service. The interior and music selection could use a makeover but the food and service more than makes up for it.
Great food, affordable prices.  I will definitely go back.
Try the kimchee fries!Today was my first time at Bleu Sushi and it definitely won't be my last.  Everything was delicious starting with the edamame and salad, to the complimentary kimchi fries, and the really fresh sushi.  
The service was amazing. If I could give more than 5 stars I would. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and sat immediately.  The owner came over to us shortly after to introduce himself.  He was very friendly and makes sure his customers are happy.  The servers were also very on point, they never let my water glass go empty and cleared everything when needed.  This will be my new sushi spot to go to!Great, very fast service. The staff is very friendly and the environment is very relaxing. The sushi is very traditional although there is not too many rolls to choose from. I don't think the fish is worth the prices when there's so many great sushi places in this city. They offered complimentary green tea ice cream at the end of our meal which was delicious!My girlfriend and I went to Bleu sushi for a normal lunch and were blown away by the service as well as the food. I work in customer service myself and can really appreciate when someone goes out of their way to make you feel special. That is exactly what the owner, Hendra, did. We talked about everything from where he bought his candles to what we will be doing in the future and I haven't had customer service as good as his in a while. Quite refreshing in the big city. 
The food that we ordered was quite delicious. We had basic sushi rolls but I was surprised at the quality and I was absolutely full from two of them. This is my new go-to sushi spot. I walked out saying "wow."Great lunch specials!!  Stopped in with a sushi hankering.  Need met and exceeded.  The rolls where pack full and the fish was super fresh.  I have been to a few different sushi bars while in Philly.  Bleu Sushi tops my list of great sushi.  Will definitely be making this a regular lunch and dinner stop when I am in Philly.  The owner is very personable and seems to be a truly nice guy.Went here with my gf and friend on a Monday night. It wasn't too busy which means we were able to sit wherever we wanted.
The service was a mix between trendy and classical, but it was attentive and warm. The sushi rolls were excellent. We tried a variety of rolls, including Pittsburgh, Philadelphia among others. The fresh Yellow Tail was very nice. The quality of the fish was high and it was fresh.
Miso soup was good as well.Fantastic rolls that truly taste high end.  Intense flavors and sophisticated combinations.  Call ahead for delivery as times can vary.The sushi was amazing! Some of the best rolls I've had in the city! We had a group of 6 so we tried a bunch of different rolls plus some appetizers. The rolls are named after various streets or places in Philly, which I thought was clever. Everyone was very happy with the food. The owner was a sweetheart and made sure every table was greeted and served quickly. The service was great and everyone was so friendly. I'll definitely be back.This is a great place for a date. It a busy but you are still able to hear the other person across the table. The sushi is good with fresh fish. We also got complimentary green tea ice cream which was legit. I would def go back!Bleu Sushi is a great neighborhood sushi spot; always fresh and delicious. The menu has a variety of great rolls and sashimi with varying special rolls. I've dined in multiple times and frequently do take out; while waiting for takeout, we were given soup and salad on the house. The owner Mr. Yong is friendly and involved in making sure everything is just how it should be. Great sushi restaurant!They have very strict groupon policy which I don't understand. The restaurant was more than half empty but owner gave us hard time to redeem groupon because we did not make a reservation with groupon. Won't back again.One of my new favorite sushi joints to visit. I had lunch here once, dinner once, and delivery.  It was great each time. Love the fact that it is a byob. Really cool vibe during dinner, so it's a great date night spot while still being on the casual side. Everything was fresh and delicious. My wife & I plan on Bleu being in our regular rotation of dinner spots. Glad we found it!Service was really good, fast, and attentive. Sushi was just ok, though the Temple roll was really unique. Vegetable gyoza were kinda mushy and undercooked.My go to sushi place for dine in or take out. Everything I've tried has been fresh, and their prices won't break the bank. The staff is also very attentive and kind, on two occasions they've treated our whole table to ice cream. It is BYOB, so it is a little more on the casual side. But if you're looking to satisfy your sushi cravings for a decent price, this is your place!Friendly and quick service at lunch. Nice owner who made a point to say hello. Sushi lunch special was good, but didn't try their specialty rolls (looks like a large selection).had such a nice dinner by the window!! everything was so good. super nice ambiance, great service (thank you Barrett) and beautiful food presentation! we'll definitely be back soon!!Yummy dinner.  Loved the Villanova roll. Miso soup comes in a cute little bowl. Seaweed salad was good too. Good service.Went in here to grab dinner with a few friends. The ambience is almost romantic, and it's a pretty small restaurant. It wasn't crowded at all (came here on a Sunday). 
My friend and I shared the Villanova, but I wouldn't recommend it. It had an odd after taste. I also tried the teriyaki tofu. Two of my friends really liked it, but I didn't feel like the sauce was marinated in the tofu well enough. It was a little plain for me. On top of the Villanova, I also had yellowtail sashimi--which was probably the best thing of the night. Very fresh and melted in my mouth. 
Our server didn't seem to enjoy his job at all, but he gave us ice cream at the end of our meal so that was cool haha 
I would possibly come back, because there were some things on the menu that looked good (Temple Roll).Well I'll be a naysayer here, because our delivery of sushi and sashimi from Bleu was so bad that we wanted to feed it to our cats--except they didn't want it either. The meal cost $75 and the fish tasted almost stale. Why? Because it's frozen before delivery. In the process of thaw the sushi gets mushy and wet and basically gross.
It's possible that eating in the restaurant is a better experience, but if this passes for their product, delivery or eating in, there's no way they deserve 4.5 stars. A waste of money and quite gross (who wants to eat damp sushi?)Variety of rolls but not enough Sashimi options. 
After reading all the reviews, I was really excited to try this place. We ordered Salmon sashimi platter (I think it was called orange lover?) and couple rolls. I was not a big fan on their sushi rice. The rolls were horribly wrapped to the point it was hard for me to pick up the sushi (and I've been using chopstick 27 years). The tempura on top of one of the roll was stale. The sashimi was pretty fresh but not the best sashimi I had. So at this point, I guess your wondering why I am giving this place 4 stars? Well besides from the food, the service was excellent. I never once had to ask for my water to be filled, we got our dirty plates cleaned off right away.  The bathroom on the other hand is little suspect...but it was pretty clean haha 
The people around us ordered hot foods and it smelled so good! Next time, I am going try their hot foods!It was our first time in Philly and someone recommended this place. Let me tell you if I could give them 10 start I'd given them 20.
The place is extremely clean, food is delicious an on point, service was outstanding, and the owner is the nicest person you'll ever meet. 
I can't wait to come back to this AMAZING place.Returned to Bleu for the first time this past week. Service? Not so great. I called ahead to let them know I was coming, but nobody answered the phone. Sushi wasn't exactly what I was looking for, but a nice casual dinner out with friends, this place not you.It was a nice byob in the city. I liked the darker lighting and casual atmosphere. Some sushi rolls are defiantly better then others but nothing was bad. I would recommend trying this place outGreat place for sushi, appetizers are delicious the hamachi radish, snapper cucumber great for no rice sushi. Good for kids atmosphere was a little romantic.The waiter was so pleasant and patient with my family! The atmosphere was nice, cozy and clean. Chef Hendra introduced himself to our table and welcome us to his restaurant. 
We ordered the following meals:
Chicken Teriyaki Lunch Box
Shrimp and Vegetbale Tempura
Philadelphia Roll 
The food was phenomenal very tasty!! 
The only thing I did not like was the Miso Soup had an odd taste. Everything else was great. I will definitely be returning back to this establishment.Great sushi. Awesome service. Fully recommend. Had the 10th street roll, rainbow roll and South street. All delicious.