This place has such a nice atmosphere that I want to come back there every weekend. The best Mexican food that I ever tried. Service is really great, drinks, well, actually everything about this place is just great, awesome, warm, happy. Will be back soon!!I had the blue corn tacos which were good but had diarrhoea or food poisoning shortly after ...Wow!!!! Amazing food. Ive had Mexican cuisine in all parts of the us and Mexico and this place is great. Well balanced dishes, great service and try the coffee. I will definitely recommend this place and come back frequently.Saw this place on FYI Philly and had to check it out.  We got the specials which were a shrimp corn cilantro and chorizo mix and prime rib with chimichurri and jalapeño mashed potatoes.  The flavor was amazing.  
I loved the two different salsas: smoky or green sweet.  Both amazing.  We will be backI do not like Mexican food except for quesadillas and nachos. 
This place changed my mind. I used to hate tacos especially the authentic ones with the double corn tortilla.  The carnitas tacos here with the cilantro tortillas are bangin!Coming from California, it was really hard to find a Mexican restaurant that was comparable to the food in the West Coast. 
With that being said, Blue Corn, has the best tacos in Philly. Closest thing to Tacos from California. Not only are the tacos great, the chicken soup is amazing, and ceviche was fresh. Chips and salsa and guacamole were flavorful as well. 
Staff are extremely friendly, and the restaurant itself is clean and has great ambiance. This is my third time here and each time the food and service has been consistent.I cannot wait to go back. I'm definitely kicking myself for letting this spot in my backyard go unnoticed for so long! Blue tacos were the best I've ever had, also tasted the Cubana sandwich, which is borderline too big (might be the equivalent of an entire loaf of bread) but is nevertheless absolutely delicious. Drinks were reasonably priced and very good! Cash only but there is an atm with possibly the lowest fee in the area.Best Mexican food I've ever had. I had the pork tacos and they were incredible. Flavorful, fresh, and just the right amount of spice. The prices are low too. I will definitely go back and it will be soon.Blue corn was so good we went twice during our last philly visit. Drinks are phenomenal and reasonably priced. I highly recommend the amaretto Pina colada! Their portions are very large and you can easily split a dish depending on how hungry you are. The nachos are a great starter and their chips and tortillas are made in house and infused with cilantro. Can't wait to go back! Also take note if you have a group larger than 2 you'll want to make reservations on a weekend!Mi novio y yo came for lunch today and had a wonderful meal and experience. We wanted to try it becsuse of all the positive reviews and trust me guys-they do not lie! Ive been to a ton of mexican places and can always find something to complain about BUT everything was good and omg order the flan. 
We had a brisket appetizer, both had the carne asada con nopale, coco y tamarindo agua frescas y flan for dessert. Best flan ive had. Carne asada is worth every penny.  Usually i go to places and get a carne asada and its the cheap, thin, tough steak. This is a fatty (where the flavor comes from) rib eye steak, nice and juicy and full of flavor.Had dinner here Saturday night with a friend.. The guacamole was just okay and our main courses tasted good but we both got violently ill on Sunday. 12 plus hours of throwing up and nausea. Neither of us could hold down any sort of liquid. I don't know if this is common but I know I won't be coming back here!So I am Mexican And i just had a great meal  at "blue corn" and I loved it! 
The whole thing, sopecitos, ensalada de nopales, And a classic Margarita
So I had to share it with everybody!  Even if it means I will have to make a long line next time to get In there. 
Finally I find a Mexican restaurant in my neighborhood that I love.  It is like eating in Mexico City in La Zona Rosa! ( That is where many great Mexican restaurants in Mexico City are)
I have tried several of the Mexican restaurants in the Italian  market area. 
They all disappoint me. I am allergic to MGS and I often get sick after eating their food because they use Goya seasonings that contains MSG.  They often have bad service, incompetent waiters and food that is not Mexican like the Mexican food I eat in Mexico.  Blue Corn is like the food I eat in an upscale restaurant in Mexico! 
Anyway if Blue Corn stays being what it was today for me, they will be my favorite place to eat at least once a week. Ah! And the prices are not bad, the decor is ok. Better than the other places.  I will keep trying other things from their menu.
The service is excellent ( we had Agustin) and  the food is the best I had in any Mexican Restaurant in Philly. The dessert, cheese cake was just ok. I had better. I will try another one next time. The margarita was excellent, the nopales needed for me a little bit  of olive oil and lemon but it was  still really good and the sopecitos were  oh my God,  they were  the  way they should be: humble with a superiority complex. Yummy...
Love You Blue Corn.  Do you love me back!  I even left  a bigger tip that I normally do.
Ah and for the person that saw homeless, they are free to walk once in a while on 9th street, it is not a private street, you know.... I live here and I have  not noticed them...This place is outstanding. Service is always on point and the ceviche is one of my favorite dishes in all of Philly. A must visit next time you're in the Italian marketThis is review is based on my second visit to restaurant tonight. I had dinner here about 2 months ago. The food is consistently delicious. I tried the vegetarian quesadillas and guacamole & chips this time and was not disappointed. I had the Blue Corn pastor tacos, nopales salad, and ceviche octopus on my first visit. The classic & Blue Corn margaritas were quite good too; they aren't stingy with the booze. However, I was shocked at the $8 charge for chips and salsa. The first time I came here: the chips and salsa were complimentary! Now, they're charging you $8 for it. I find that rather stingy since chips and salsa are complimentary in almost all Mexican restaurants in the area. & we ordered a lot of food and drink (our bill was $145 for 4 adults). The chips and salsa at Blue Corn are really good, but $8 seems rather steep and the serving of chips rather meager to begin w/. I had to ask for more chips even w/ the guacamole we ordered. Not happy w/ this new policy. I also wish they offered pitchers of margaritas. That's good for groups. But they only do margaritas by the glass.A great new Mexican place! I wasn't familiar with many of the dishes, but we took a chance on two of them and they were fantastic. I ordered the corn shrimp, which was a mix of sautéd zucchini, corn, and chorizo topped with 5 jumbo grilled shrimp. I also had a blue corn margarita, which was okay but I would try something different next time. I look forward to going back.This is a tough one...I think it very much depends on what you were expecting coming to the Italian Market for tacos. 
Pros:
Food is delicious
Plated very very well
Nice staff
Nice decor - clean & comfortable
Salsa provided with the tacos (green and red) were SPICY and delicious. Especially the red salsa, I could taste ( I think ) smoked dried red chilies 
Cons:
Things are kind of expensive? I don't know...I came to the Italian market expecting hole in the wall delicious cheap food. Nothing was wrong per se...the experience just wasn't what I was expecting. 
Really there is no reason to not go back, I'm just being obtuse I suppose.Visited this place for the first time last night and will definitely go back!  Generous, fun, quality happy hour drinks for just $6 and reasonably priced, quality food.  Service was efficient and friendly and atmosphere was enjoyable (although I could do without the two TVs) and clean. Menu was fairly large and everything that came out of the kitchen looked great, but I do wish they had a few more vegetarian options.  Oh, and CASH ONLY!This place is in the heart of the Italian market, a nice little cozy hole in the wall. The prices are moderate and the margaritas are excellent, I recommend the margarita macho a little spicy and sweet. The food portions are just perfect with extra cucumbers and shreds of lettuce and radish, it tastes authentic not to filling. The staff is excellent and always caters to your requests, the place is cash only so do yourself a favor and make sure you hit the ATM before. They do have one on site but the service fee is ridiculous.Best chicken tacos! Their seasoning and flavor is unlike other spots in the neighborhood! Try the chicken tacos!!!Food is amazing!  The service and atmosphere were great for a Friday night.  The Guac, Pastor, and Taquiza were delicious and more than enough for 2.  Definitely will come back to try the rest of the menu.As good as it gets. Best Mexican food in Philly. We have been here 3 times and it does not disappoint. Delicious, inventive and easy on the budget. If you have been to Mexico City think "Valentina". Top notch Mexican cuisine in the heart of Italian  Market. Great drinks too. Try the tamarind margarita. Best  Chilaquiles in the city. Excellent menu full of new and interesting dishes. Excellent service also reminiscent of Mexico City. A real find.Great place in the south philly area of the Italian market. I highly recommend making a reservation as it is a small place but do not let that turn you away. The food was an all-star! I highly recommend any of their ceviches and any taco too! I got the blue tacos, because when can you normally have a blue taco...you only live once. Affordable prices and great service.When I want Mexican food, I come here. The fundacion olmeca dish is absolutely amazing and their margaritas are perfect. The place is cash only.So good! Perfectly soft blue corn tacos stuffed with delicious pastor meats, onions, peppers, melted cheese, salsa, and a sprinkle of lime...mmm! Add a glass of cold Mexican beer or margarita, you'll be in heaven . The customer service was also very polite, professional, and attentive. The decor yells authentic Mexican and the details of the folded napkins to the wooden spoons impress me a lot. 
If you are the area of Bella Vista and Italian Market, I recommend this authentic Mexican restaurant if you with a group of friends and family. Oh, be warned, the guacamole was not in the menu but it does cost...$10! Yikes. Besides that, everything here is awesome!I found this gem of a place walking around with the gf in the Italian market section of South Philly. The place was hopping, and this was Sunday around 5..so I can only imagine on a Friday or a Saturday.
This was probably the most authentic Mexican place that I've ever eaten at. The menu = Spanish. The tacos = fantastic. I really liked the three tacos for 8.00. I think next time I'd do 6 tacos for 16.00. They have fancier sea food dishes and things on the 2nd page..which I didn't even notice. Ooops. As an aloof American I have no qualms about constructing a meal from the apps page. 
I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the chips they give you as a starter. They really were awesome.. The green salsa tasted like outdoors and springtime in my mouth, which was great for a February evening. 
My gf had drinks. They looked awesome, but I had to drive. I had the blue chip cheesecake...it was different, but still good and refreshing. 
This place would have been 5 stars...but it was cash only. Lame.My bf and I came here for the first time today for some lunch. We both got margaritas to start with; me the Tamirand and him the Macho. Mine was delicious with a chili salt rim and tasted like Tamirand Jaritos with a kick. His was really spicy but tasty. 
Onto the main dishes. I ordered the Heuvos Rancheros and my bf the Omelete de Poblano. The chips and salsa that came with were delicious; my favorite being the smokey red sauce. My Heuvos Rancheros were easily the best I've had, and I've had a lot. The eggs were perfectly fried and the pinto beans were very good with the perfect texture. I tried a couple bites of my bf's omelete and it was very tasty, especially with the sauce on it. All in all one of my favorite Mexican places now. Definitely coming back.Best authentic Mexican food in Philly. Service is always great and the food is outstanding. Went there for a Sunday brunch and ordered the Blood Mary with no real high expectations. Well, it was delicious. I would of never thought they would have one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had in a long time.Drinks are unique and strong. My tortilla soup was heavenly and inexpensive. Definitely coming back!Good salsa verde. Queso fundido was great as was the pastor tacos. The flan was tasty. Would definitely come back but since it doesn't have tres leches it might be some time before we return.Blue corn is decent Mexican food.
The blue corn chips you get are a mixed bag. Some are oily rags and some are nice and crunchy. Disappointing free chips. I did like the dipping sauces.
Arrachera grilled skirt steak was okay. The steak was super seasoned. Pretty tender. Could have done without the cold watery guacamole and not even sure how I was supposed to eat that (it's not like you get chips or anything with the dish). Interesting creamy cactus and onion side.
Friendly service.
Overall, just okay. Got pretty busy, but they managed pretty well.Great spot for slightly upscale Mexican food. For a quick bite I'd try others in the area, but if you're after something a little nicer for date night, or some really good margaritas... this spot does it. The service is also outstanding here. The water glass couldn't go below half full without immediate attention. Will definitely be back.My wife and I love this place. Great food, friendly service and a full bar.  Authentic and very reasonably priced. Nice addition to the neighborhood!I just don't understand why east coast Mexican food is so garbage (horrible agriculture). Another it's good for not Mexican food place. Only reason why they get one star is because it claims to be Mexican.Everything from the drinks to the dessert was impressive! The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection in each dish and everything was fresh! The green salsa and blue corn tortilla chips were a surprisingly fresh take on chips and salsa. Very authentic.The fundacion olmeca is the best Mexican dish in Philadelphia, hands down.Not sure if I should write a review... or a love letter. While my favorite taco truck was on vacation my loyalty faltered, and now I'm in love with another mexican eatery. Blue Corn has been on my mind all day.
My meal began with mini pots of green and red fresh salsa with matching mini spoons to scoop onto homemade tortilla chips. Whereas normally I'm a verde lover, the red salsa had me and my boyfriend referring to their salsa in wine description terms, "bright herb notes at the finish". The fish taco sampler arrived on a fish shaped plate. The sampler had shrimp, crab, and fish that were all very fresh and served with a side of guacamole. My entree was one of each of the quesadillas squash blossom, mushroom, and corn mushroom. Out of the three the squash blossom was my favorite, and I found the corn mushroom to be much more flavorful than the regular mushroom, but all were in perfect extraordinarily fresh corn tortillas, with that wonderful white cheese.
Our service seemed to be able to read our minds. They magically arrived whenever we needed anything.Favorite local place - full stop. Friendliest staff in Philadelphia. Incredible value. Amazingly fresh ingredients, prepared perfectly every time. Most dishes cost $10-15 but I would happily pay $25. Blue corn tacos and ceviche never disappoint. Sad to be moving out of walking distance but will definitely be driving whenever I need a fix of Mexican!Excellent find in the little Italian market district. The tacos are excellent here - very fresh! The salad and daily special, fried calamari were excellent. Service is good as well. We tried the blue taco, the skirt steak the the 6 tacos with skirt steak, chorizo, and chicken, 2 pieces each - they were all delicious! Their price is very reasonable - we hope to be back soon!My wife and I have dined all around when it comes to Mexican food. Blue Corn in the Italian Market is hands down the Best!! Not only are they neighbors to my practice but they bring a unique and tasty menu to our neighborhood!!Stopped while at the Italian market. Went on yelp reviews. 
Excellent service and food!   Seated and served right away. 
Cerviche and fish tacos were delish! 
Highly recommended.Had a great brunch here although dinner is very good as well. I have a deep love of chilaquiles for breakfast and they kill it. Service is seriously good. Not expected in the usual Mexican fare. To be honest it a really good restaurant regardless of cuisine. Had steak at dinner and it was reasonable and first rate.  It's in the heart of the Italian market and they rock it! Mucho Bueno!!Very solid Mexican place. Falls just slightly short of the mythical five star status. If only 4.5 stars was possible.This place is absolutely delicious! Perfecto! Maravilloso!! I was introduced to it by my friends Mia and Ben. I've been two times in less than a week. Everything I've eaten has been delicious. A neighborhood gem!Authentic food with lots of flavor. The staff was super attentive. I had the poblano omelet which was delicious. My partner had the almuerzo steak. We would certainly come here again.I heard this place was good so we decided to check it out. I honestly haven't had Mexican food so amazing since I was in Mexico. We went in during happy hour, and the happy hour menu was full of great specials and really good food. We had tacos el pastor, fresh mushroom quesadillas, and chorizo flautas. We were so impressed we decided to order gorditas, and we were really taken back with how good everything was. The margiratas were really excellent and made with fresh lime juice. No corner cutting here, just super authentic Mexican. This is gonna be a must every time I am in the Italian market.The tacos here are so good! Definitely found my spot in south Philly when I'm craving authentic Mexican food.I'm very picky when it comes to Mexican food, having traveled there many times and sampled the very best. Philly has some wonderful choices and Blue Corn ranks right up there. Food was excellent, authentic, and affordable. Service was fast and friendly too. Will definitely be coming back. What a hidden gem!Our family enjoyed everything we had here. Of particular note are the house tomatillo and chipotle salsas. Freshness, authenticity and flair... Service was great too. The cocktails were tasty.We started with the guacamole, which was served with homemade blue tortilla chips. The sauces that accompanied the chips were out of this world, I particularly like the green one.
For an entrée, my friend had the tacos pibil and I had the huaraches. The under explained that his sister had worked in a huarache place in Mexico City before moving to Philly. Apparently, practice makes perfect.
If you need a jolt of caffeine, the café a la olla is fragrant with cinnamon and delicious. 
Wonderful people, wonderful food.Cute little place in the Italian Market
Start with the good - service was really great, everyone had a smile on their face, the server explained the menu and specials of the night very well and service was attentive but not overbearing at all. 
We both had the Serrano pepper margarita , $10 which was good! It had a great kick to it and was actually spicy, we loved this. 
I was personally a little underwhelmed with the food. The chips were good, loved both the green and red sauces -- green was a bit tarte and the red nice and smokey. For my entrée I got the chicken pibil tacos - which were good but just underwhelming.
Based on the amazing reviews, I'd probably return to try some other items another time -- but might hang up my coat after the 2nd visit if still underwhelmed.Best Mexican food in Philly. Authentic,  delicious, great atmosphere and reasonably priced full bar.  Make a reservation.This is by far the BEST MEXICAN food I have had outside of Mexico.  I am originally from Puebla and since coming to the U.S. I have been in search of good Mexican food, this place delivers.  It consistently delivers the best tacos, margaritas, micheladas, etc.  I have been to other places around Philly looking to see if I find another place like this and sorry folks, but if you want authentic flavors, this is the place to visit, I'm saving you the trouble-take it from a Mexican. If you want consistently good Mexican food then this is the place.  It's always clean, always excellent, and always inviting.I got the 3 veggie tacos at happy hour for $6 and they were so good, if a little small! I also tried the Macho Margarita at the recommendation of another patron and it was very good, but very spicy! I would definitely come back for more, as everyone was very nice and the prices (at least at happy hour) were good.My sister and I stumbled upon this gem today. It is super clean and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. 
Our lunch was reasonably priced and the food exceeded our expectations. 
Everything was fresh and light.Just a bit shy of good. I had a pork chop in mancha mantel sauce. It was ok, I hear they have fresh handmade tortillas, I couldn't tell you how those are, I wasn't offered any. Over all it was just ok.Wow!!!!
Been here three times and can't wait for the next trip. 
Best family service in the entire city!!
Fresh salads
Seafood chowder was phenomenal !!
Tacos -- wow. 
What keeps me coming back is the fresh ingredients and the STELLAR service !!
Get here !!Very fresh and wholesome ingredients. The Poblana soup had corn kernels, poblano peppers, and a tomato cream base and was utterly divine. We also tried the Blue Huarache, which I would recommend for vegetarians, as it's very flavorful and comes on a large, thick fresh blue corn(!) tortilla. We also had chicken pibil tacos which come on fresh, green-tinged tortillas (cilantro in the tortilla!). This place is excellent. Philly is so lucky to have it. At last, a real contender!Wow amazing. So happy I had the opportunity to go recently and cannot wait to go again. It's absolutely delicious. Everything is fresh, flavorful, and filling. What more could you want??Delicious food and great service!!! Went for lunch & I am looking forward to going back for dinner. The food was fresh, flavorful & priced right. Great addition to the neighborhood.We stumbled upon this restaurant on a Sunday while walking through the Italian market. It was brunch time and when we first arrived there was only one other table with customers. 
The menu had a good selection and while we were reading through some blue corn chips and salsa was placed on our table. Not terrible but the chips would crumble apart. The two different salsas were flavorful.
The waitstaff was pleasant and we gave our order pretty quickly. A large party came in - they had made reservations - we overheard a waiter tell them what the days specials were. Maybe because we were just a party of two we didn't get that extra information. 
Anyway - the chicken enchilada suiza I ordered was delicious - up until I got a mouthful of grisly bone.
Husband liked his steak and refried bean dish. 
Prices are very reasonable.Finally a good Mexican restaurant.  The is very friendly and service is exceptional.  The salad with cactus is delicious and the red snapper stuffed with zucchini flower was a joy to eat.  Will definitely return to Blue Corn.It's an okay place, good food, 4 stars, but not worth the price. At this location area, there are many option to chose from when it comes to Mexican food.Stopped in with a random hankering for tequila and tortillas. I had two margaritas and the pollo azteca.  Both were awesome, chicken was absolutely perfectly cooked. The service was perfect and I'm considering sleeping on a pillow of their warm tortillas and swimming in a sea of their verde. The guacamole was simple which I appreciate more than anything.  Simple and delicious. Fresh and bright.I am not a fan of tacos but I loved the blue tacos (pork, cheese etc). Also liked the other veg items that my friends ordered.. tried one that had a cactus, yep cactus, flatbread! Service is also awesome here. Loved the guava margarita!We had a nice experience at Blue Corn. I ordered three carnitas tacos and my husband had the lengua tacos with a mango mojito. The chips and salsa were delicious, the staff was friendly and attentive, and the setting was intimate and pleasant. For dessert we shared some cheesecake, which was unique and delicious. The coffee was also great! While the prices were a little steep for a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, the flavor of the food and quality of service seemed on par with the prices. Sometimes it's so hard to find good Mexican food in Philly, but Blue Corn delivers. Although this restaurant isn't a staple, we will definitely be back. The salsa verde was my favorite!Oh. So. Good. Yummy. Definitely a "do over". Authentic. Affordable. Delicious. The Cuban sandwich was enough food for 3 days. Wanted to try everything! The enchiladas suizas were tasty. Friendly wait staff and they have alcohol. When we walked by, we couldn't tell how welcoming and comfortable it was inside. No need to get dressed up!We tried to get a table at Villa did Roma without success. Hungry and not wanting to get back in the car to search for dinner, we walked into Blue Corn a few doors away and were quickly seated. We had never been there before and had no expectations. What a find!!  The service was good, but the food was excellent. Even the grasshopper appetizer!!!  We will definitely be going back to Blue Corn soon. You should try it. You won't be disappointed.We only got tacos and drinks that night but they were delicious and I really enjoyed my Mojito. Overall the feeling of the place and service was excellent. I loved the blue themeThis place is awesome and I'm absolutely coming back here whenever I go to the Italian market. It's basically next to dibruno brothers for reference. We came with a party of 8 and made a reservation that night. The margaritas were huge in classic margarita glasses, and they gave you complimentary chips and salsa. The tomatillo was spicy! Their blue corn chips tasted fresh and delicious. They have beef tongue and tripe tacos, and they served an amazing surf and turf with a long piece of octopus. So many tequilas on the menu too, which makes me quite happy!Excellent tacos & excellent service !!!!  Different type of salsas picantes and different type of Tacos. The restaurant was very colorful .My favorite Mexican Restaurant in Philly, and hands down some of the best and most authentic Mexican food I've ever had. Located in the heart of the Italian Market, this is a cute cash-only (ATM inside) restaurant with seating for about thirty and a small bar in the back of the restaurant.  The menu has options I've never even heard of before. My first time here, I saw something on the menu called a Gordita and ordered some for the table. It was a green colored tortilla bread pocket stuffed with chicken, veggies, queso fresco and a delicious sauce. These things were so good that after my first bite, I immediately ordered another round of Gorditas. I have since tried numerous things here, including the tacos, and have found everything to be superior to its Philly competitors.  The best thing I ever had here was a seafood soup. I was with my dad and we both could not get over how perfect this soup was.  It had a tomato base with some of the best flavors I have ever had in a soup. The fish is the soup was cooked perfectly. This soup instantly made this place one of the best restaurants in Philly. The portions are good and the service is topnotch. Another gem in the Italian Market.Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. I tried the specials, a ceviche and delicious mahi, mahi tacos. My dining partner had tortilla soup and flautist. All beautifully presented. Service was excellent.My mom had been wanting to go here so we finally got the chance to make it happen! I'll tell you the first positive about this place is that my water cup was never empty. When you go here on a hot day, that's truly want you want. We ordered a round of drinks and the Blue Corn margarita was really refreshing. Then we got an order of nachos and I'm not sure what kinda of cheese was on them but it was so well balanced and the chips were great. I got the carnitas taco...three tacos for 8 bucks...great price and super tasty! My boyfriend got the Al Pastor and they may have been even better. It featured little bits on pineapple! My mom and sister both got the alambres and it was kinda like a make your own taco. Super athletic and really enjoyable. Loved the handmade tortillas. Food came out quick. I would recommend checking it out!Great spot in south philly to grab food and drinks. The mango mojito was made with fresh ingredients and was delicious. The food was great as well. Not your average Mexican food menu. Cash only. Casual setting. I would highly recommend trying this place out.Nos dimos la oportunidad de disfrutar de este lugar , después de notar que normalmente siempre esta lleno .
Comenzamos con gorditas de chicharrón prensado, Seguido de Salmón para mi y para mi Esposo Manchamanteles ,
Al ser aparentemente de alta cocina , tenia buen sabor ,una presentación que te invita a querer probar.
Solo que es algo que ya he encontrado en otros lugares con un precio mas razonable .
El personal es muy amable y eso cuenta muchísimo , sin duda un lugar que vale la pena intentar nuevamente...The food here is so good! My friend and I each got the gorditas and they were very filling but so tasty I didn't want to stop eating! What a gem!While visiting the Italian market, my S.O. and I stopped here for Saturday lunch. We were seated right away, and service was attentive and prompt throughout our lunch. However, it seems they do NOT serve complimentary chips at lunch...we were super disappointed to find this out. Blue Corn has good authentic Mexican options, and our tacos tasted ok, but they were definitely too small of a portion. In addition, the Puerta Vallarta tacos (one shrimp, one fish, one crab) were served wrapped up in flour tortillas instead of laying open in a corn tortilla-- this created small, sad, soggy little tubes. Would not come back again.Excellent staff and food is next level. Worth the visit.
Serie de las Americas baseball was on which was fun to watch too.Not worth the trip. Our lunch started nicely with a warm welcome from our waiter. Corn chips and salsa and our drinks were brought out quickly. The corn chips were an odd color but tasty. We were looking forward to the next course. Hubby ordered the Cuban sandwich and I got the quesadillas. BAD choices. The Cuban should be called 'everything and the kitchen sink'. It was topped with a hot dog. Gross. The quesadillas were stuffed with three different fillings. The only edible one was corn and beans. Another was canned mushrooms. 
There must be better Mexican in the city.Keeps getting better!  Great friendly staff and fantastic authentic food with new specials every week!We dined at Blue Corn after reading the many good reviews on Yelp. Although from the outside, the place is an unremarkable (we almost missed the entrance) storefront. It was mostly full, a good sign.
They have a full bar so we started with two basic margaritas, simple but very good. They provide blue corn chips and salsas for nibbling too.
The menu is not just the typical Mexican fare, in fact while they do have tacos I don't believe they have enchiladas, fajitas, etc. 
We started with the amazing pulpo (octopus) ceviche. I had the pavo con mole and the Mrs has a special osso bucco.
Blue Corn is a great find- good food, good service, and an offbeat location. Recommended!The best taqueria in Philly. The margaritas and ceviche are on point, the guacamole is full of citrus, and the lengua tacos are tender and delicious. Plus they take reservations and are really accommodating for kids. What a find! CASH ONLYWould prefer to give a 3.5 as I would come back if in the right mood, but half points are not possible. Have only been here once thus far. General impressions are this is a nice place in terms of decor by Italian Market Mexican restaurant standards. Bar has a decent-ish selection of Mexican beers and drinks; had margarita, which was pretty good. I'd probably just have them make a Michelada next time I'd go.
As others have mentioned, the service is pretty solid by general Philadelphia restaurant standards. Our water knew the menu well and was able to discuss some of the options on the menu.
In terms of food, it was a mixed bag, but on the balance, positive. Shrimp cocktail is too die for and probably the best I've had anywhere, for any kind of restaurant. For the entree, I had the camarones al ajillo, which was decent, but the format of the dish was a bit offputting. It tasted quite different from versions of this dish I have had elsewhere. FInally, the blue corn tacos al pastor were good, although my partner found the tacos to be a bit dry. Tacos were good, but not exceptional in my opinion.
Conclusion: I think it's a good place to take someone who may not be that adventurous in terms of Mexican cuisine; the service is strong, the drinks from the bar are solid. Food is authentic overall, although tailored for gringo tastes IMO more than I would like. Would like to come back and try some other entrees. Could upgrade in the future.Excellent, authentic Mexican - wonderful service and unique dishes!This place is just awesome. I just wanted to write an update to stress that. My fiancé and I had lunch here this past weekend, and they have improved upon what was already near perfection. The flavors and authenticity blew us away. The staff here is also so friendly and welcoming. It's just an all-around great experience. This might just be the best, most authentic Mexican food in the city. I hope the Philadelphia Magazine article has gotten them some much-deserved business!Exceptional service . The cocktails are pretty good too (the spicy margarita was my favorite). The food is authentic and always fresh.So , the food is really good  but I have to say that i don't like the service last time was the second time that make  me feel like they don't like us , maybe because we are hispanos , I mean after all is a Mexican restaurant or maybe not for Mexicans!!!Authentic scrumptious Latin food. Guacamole delish served with FRESH chips. The salsa duo had a smoky red and a tangy tomatillo salsas with again, very crisp fresh chips. Blue tacos al pastor with blue corn tortillas are perfectly balanced between pork, pineapple and poblano. Adventurous? huarache Aztec is a whole nopale cactus pad topped with huitlacoche, Oaxaca cheese and fresh pico de gallo. House made cilantro corn tortilla are used in the Quesadilla Mix: chihuahua cheese & epazote: mushrooms, huitlacoche & zucchini flowers fill the interior. Hit the Italian Market in Philly at eat some of the best Mexican food in town. Beer, sangria and full bar too.Simply the best Mexican food I have had in ages, Everything my party of three ordered was fresh and delicious and if given the opportunity we would have ordered the whole menu and happily tried to eat it all ...I came here as part of a Meetup group for people learning to speak Spanish. Really good, strong margaritas. I ordered mine up. Also had the pescadillo which was delicious. Would definitely come again. Cash only.Italian market area local here and I have to say this place never disappoints.  All the Mexican joints around here carry the authentic tag however Blue Corn rises above in taste, food quality, friendly service and atmosphere. It's a must try.El servicio  es perfecto,, la comida es  espectacular mente deliciosa,,, la taquisa,, las gorditas,, el huarache ,, son mis preferidos  y el lugar es muy limpio , y lo mejor es que es familiar  el mejor restaurante #1There are several great casual Mexican joints in the Italian Market, and Blue Corn takes it up several notches--a cozy, sit-down restaurant with tasty cocktails and excellent service. 
My husband and I tried a trio of seafood tacos (shellfish and fish) as well as a flank steak with beans--both were fresh and delicious. I also enjoyed the margarita with jalapeño margarita. Definitely recommend.I wandered into this place last week while shopping in the Italian Market. Weary from walking 9th street, I found myself jonesing for a margarita. Happy hour was just getting started, so I was pretty excited. 
The atmosphere is very cute. There's about 20 tables or so and a little bar. We sat at the bar to take advantage of the specials. I liked sitting at the bar because it give a nice view of the action in the kitchen, where at the time they were making their fresh tortillas. 
I ordered a margarita, and it was made exactly how I like it - tequila, triple Sec, lime juice. No margarita "mix," no sour mix, no BS. It was perfect. We ordered some bites from their HH menu, which were all around $6 each. We had the mushroom quesadilla, the tacos Al pastor, flautas, and gorditas. I was so pleasantly surprised at how great it all was. I honestly haven't had Mexican food this great since I was IN Mexico. Everything was ridiculously fresh and very light, perfect for happy hour sharing. I am definitely going to come back and have dinner soon!The local television program Good Day Philadelphia was visited by Blue Corn restaurant on national Piña Colada Day. Well I like Mexican food and I like Piña Colada's and Blue Corn is nearby do why not give it a shot?! First thing BRING CASH!!!! they do not except debit or credit cards and the ATM has a two dollar service fee. Second thing PARKING IS LIMITED!! Now that the negative is out the way let's go to all of the great things that happen at Blue Corn.
I was lucky enough to arrive during happy hour which starts at 4 pm until 630 pm. There are a lot of menu items for $5,6&7. The restaurant is located in the famous Italian market area. Once inside you'll see a lot of blue thus the 'Blue Corn' throughout the restaurant and decor paying homage to Mexican heritage. They have a great happy hour menu a lot to choose from. I had Cochinita Pibil Sliders that were delicious. The Mexican baby back ribs were tender and well worth ordering but they were too salty. As far as the Piña Colada it was average at best. My server was prompt and attentive.
I will definitely dine here again!The food here is excellent-- great flavors.  I had the sopa poblana and the nopal huarache for lunch.  Would definitely come back for dinner.  Not your typical low-quality Mexican food, definitely upscaled a bit.  I hope this place does well and stays in the neighborhood.I've visited this restaurant only once. My two plates were tasty. Good cocktail. The service was very friendly and attentive. The menu is a bit on the pricy side. I'll definitely return. Be aware, this place is kinda small and fills up quickly! It is also kinda noisy. None of this though detracts from the enjoyment factor.My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our experience at Blue Corn. He's Mexican, and he usually has comments about most Mexican restaurants we go to. He loved this meal. He devoured his plate. I got the salmon, which I don't normally eat fish and it was really good. Something to note, the summer sangria is amazing. I order sangria pretty everywhere I go, and this was the best I've had in a long, long time. I loved it. Their cocktails are the reason I will be going back the dessert was also really good. Looking for good food and good drinks? This place has it all!!Wonderful little place in the Italian market section of Philly. What a great find! The food was absolutely delicious, laid-back, informal atmosphere, and kind and attentive waitstaff. Their menu has a lot on it and is a bit overwhelming but every single thing we got was delicious and beautifully presented. This is my new favorite place!Wonderful fresh fish tacos and salsa. We did a quick take out and the food was amazing. Authentic fresh and so tasty. After many trips to South America and eating Mexican, this restaurant is very very good.Absolutely amazing with fantastic fresh food and authentic flavors. Seasonal salad was particularly tasty. Staff are wonderful and atmosphere is great. Will most definitely be back!Here they bring sangrita with your tequila order. Not only do other Mexican restaurants not have sangrita but they look at you like you asked for pierogis when you ask for it. Fresh ingredients and great salsas plus accommodating service makes this a real find. Large menu means we will be back again for our Mexican food fix.My family and I went out last night to celebrate my husband and daughter's birthdays. We were searching for somewhere reasonably priced and fun in South Philly since most of us reside there. BLUE CORN could not have been a better choice! The establishment is inviting, pleasant and impeccibly clean. The entire staff, servers and owners are incredibly nice, patient and couldn't do enough for us. Every morsel was SO fresh, tasty and most important, authentic. They were expaining every menu item completely (as most of it is in Spanish) and are such wonderful people. It is also family owned and run which is refreshing to see how wonderfully they all interact with eachother. Don't miss the Octopus Cerviche and be sure to order a Tamarin Margarita, Kudos to every person on staff-We will be sure to be back. Also, they offer a Sunday brunch which we will be sure to try!!Delicious brunch. Reasonably priced. Very good service. A real find. We had a beautiful and generous seafood soup and enchiladas de mole with chicken.We walked into a 1/2 empty restaurant and they said they were reserved until 8 despite having three empty tables. And people about to leave. No worries I will not frequent this establishment ever.This is my favorite neighborhood restaurant!!
Treated like family with excellent authentic Mexican food. .  
Their creative daily "special" dishes are always great!!  The sea bass ceviche is a must have.Amazing, authentic food, matched by an equally amazing staff. Great service and fun ambiance. Will be back soon!!Funny to go the Mexican restaurant in the middle of the Italian market but absolutely delicious. The guacamole slightly spiced but just right in the amount.  Margarita s a must and everything we got was very good. I had a layered tortilla and cheese appetizer with creamy poblano sauce for my entree.  The wait staff pleasant, friendly and really knew the menu.The food, drinks, and service is awesome here! This gem  rocks and definitely a must try if you like authentic Mexican!! 
I highly recommend this place!I had the Cubana sandwich. It said it has Chorizo in it but it really was a cheap hotdog. The bread was stale and crumbly. The whole thing tasted like cheap processed food. I can't see how they got a 4 star rating I rate it 1 star.Went here for happy hour. Food was amazing ! Seriously would go back just for the chicken nachos. Price was good, so you can try a little bit of everything. Only thing i didn't like is its cash only, so you're forced to use the ancient atm in the restaurant (why just not get a card reader)I really love Blue Corn. It's everything I'm looking for in a Mexican restaurant and i only wish it was closer to me. Blue Corn has a great menu with traditional, familiar items like tacos and queso fundido, but they also have some items that I need to google before ordering. The first time P and I came, it happened to be Cinco De Mayo and we were in the mood for legit Mexican food. We called to see if they had any space available for 2 for dinner and they did! When we arrived there was a mariachi band playing and I was sold. Blue Corn has a ton of Mexican and Caribbean beers to choose from and their specials are always delicious. They've never steered me wrong with their special ceviche. (If its the scallop, get it!). Their ingredients are fresh and while its a no-frills kind of place with paper napkins, it never feels dirty to sit here and eat. The final thing that solidified this place for us was when we brought my MIL and FIL here for dinner one night. They are creatures of habit and tend to only visit the same familiar places (i.e. McGillin's, Irish Pub, Pietro's) when they come into the city. They are also very no frills, so we figured Blue Corn was perfect transition slightly out of their comfort zone. And you know what? They really enjoyed it! And now probably tell their friends about this "little place in the Italian Market" that they found. I will definitely be back to Blue Corn soon!Exceptional! What a welcome addition to the city! We were pleased with the authentic and elegant experience we had here. Everything we tasted was delicious, and the service was great. It's not in the best location, though, so we had a nice view of homeless people and druggies walking by broken down cardboard boxes...may I suggest closing the shades? But otherwise, this was awesome. We plan on returning again and again to try many other dishes. They have a variety of authentic Mexican cuisine to choose from; this is REAL Mexican food. The prices are reasonable, too, on both the drinks and the food. Try their michelada (beer cocktail). You will not be disappointed!
One more thing....CASH ONLY! Found that out the hard way when we had to go to the ATM to get a tip for our server!You guys....I think I found my new favorite Mexican spot.  I didn't think it would ever happen.  Don't get me wrong, when I want a filling burrito on the cheap I'll still go to Jarocho, but everything here wowed me enough to want to return and try everything on the menu.
Place is adorable and the staff is VERY friendly, professional and efficient.  Menu is large and authentic (I didn't know what some of the menu items even said - a sure sign of authenticity).  Food is the BOMB.
Green and red salsas with blue corn tortilla chips came out on a cute ass platter with wooden spoons.  Red salsa was very good, almost smoky in flavor.  Green salsa was BANGIN'.  My absolute favorite - I wish I could take it home in a jar.  Jam packed with flavor.  Chips are clearly fresh made and crunchy to boot.
Having a bar there with an expansive margarita list is a nice plus.  I wanted to try the signature Blue Corn margarita but we ended up opting for the margarita with the cerveza turned upside down in it (I forget the name).  Came out in a manly glass mug and tasted perfect - just the right amount of strong.  
The waiter listed off mad specials that all sounded delicious (seafood soup, sea bass ceviche, lamb shank, uhhhh I wanna go back and try it all).  We stuck with the main menu items and each started with a tortilla soup.  SO GOOD.  Deliciously creamy tomato based soup with avocado, queso fresca, avocado and tortilla strips, with a chile for heat.  After a day of walking in the bitter cold, this was a nice hot, tasty reprieve.  I would love to try that seafood soup next time.
For entrees, everything sounded amazing (they have filet mignon platters!) but we honestly just wanted tacos so we ordered the $18 platter that gives you a sampling of each: 2 chicharones (fried chicken (or pork?) skins), 2 arrachera (skirt steak) and 2 chorizo.  OMG.  So good.  That steak was seasoned perfectly and juicy - some of the best I've had on a taco in ages and deff my favorite of the 3.  The chicharones were decadent and crispy but a little heavy for my liking (still very good though if, like me, you only like the skin part of your fried chicken).  The chorizo was packed with amazing flavor (and I don't usually like chorizo a whole lot).  All taco shells were green, which was interesting.  Still kicking myself for not getting the namesake blue corn al pastor tacos or the shrimp variety.  Tacos reasonably priced for the amount of meat in them.
It was a little pricy when the bill came only because our cerveza margs were $15 a piece (you're getting a lot of alcohol) but i will ABSOLUTELY return here and try their other menu items and kick back with a few beers or cocktails.Very good food and service. On the pricey side like 10 for pick and the portion of rice for a whole branzino ($26) quite small. Regardless, all the food we ate was delicious and would reccomend. I think if you can offer 20dollar plus entrees they should accept card. Cash only with ATM inside.Overall win
1. Chips and salsa [5+ stars]: free and supersonic crunchy chips complimented by two of the most delicious salsas. The first salsa being a smokey red, fiery salsa with a hint of sweetness and the second a smooth, refreshing green blend of vegetables with a touch of tang.
2. Blue corn marg [4/5 stars]: bright blue, refreshing, well balanced, decent strength. 
3. Taquezia entree [4/5 stars]: beef was on point with a nice char and savory onions. The chorizo albeit delicious could have used some more spice, especially after eating the bold salsa. And the chicken dish was interesting with a good bit of semi crunchy and salty skin. Decent guac and left over salsa helped to jazz up each of the tacos. 
4. Restaurant [5/5 stars]: service was great, staff pleasant, restaurant clean, and atmosphere cool on this hot day.SO AMAZING. From jalapeño margaritas, complementary chips and salsa, blue tacos, gorditas... They even somehow knew it was my girlfriends birthday (either checking our IDs or hearing us cheers margaritas) and surprised her with a lava cake and ice cream! Such an amazing place.. So delicious, great service, great authentic food. YUM. Can't wait to come back when I'm in philly!This place is cash only. I hate when places do that as I hardly ever have cash on me. 
Came for lunch on a weekday and there were only people at one other table.
The service was great. My water was always filled and they brought us these delicious blue corn tortilla chips with two different salsas to start. 
The menu has more of a traditional Mexican fare rather than americanized Mexican food. I could not decide and I had been fighting a cold so I settled on tortilla soup. It had a really thick tomato base that I had not experienced in other tortilla soups. It had some cheese, some tortilla strips and sliced avocado and that was it. I was looking for a heartier soup. 
That was all I ordered so I left being disappointed and still a little hungry. I don't think I'll be back there are so many other Mexican restaurants to try.We came for lunch on Friday - nice ambiance, good chips and salsa. I had the blue huarache - very fun to try a cactus dish! The waiter asked about adding meat to the dish though, and that was a mistake - I added chicken, which was bland and didn't meld with the flavor. Keep this dish vegetarian!Super epic spot! Some of the best tacos I've had in Philadelphia! We split flautas, sopes, and salsa. All great! Their flavors are innovative, yet authentic and delicious.  I give this my California 5 star review! Also, pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff, and cool neighborhood. The coffee is a must, as is the dessert.I had the best tacos I've ever tasted here last weekend...marinated steak with onions and cilantro in delicate chipotle corn tortillas. This restaurant gets better and better each time we visit, but they are just improving perfection. I truly hope that the Best of Philly award gets them more much deserved business and recognition!Food good especially the nachos with pico and guacamole.
Felt pushed to order quickly although my party of 4 were enjoying their drinks and appetizers. 
We finished ordering and eating then ordered Mexican coffee. The bill came, we paid and were enjoying the coffee when a manager came over to tell us people were waiting for our table. 
Our bill with tip $200 so it was not like we were just taking up space.
I won't returnGreat place, very authentic! Loved the food, drinks and service. Be aware that they don't take credit cards, but they do have an atm. We had an excellent experience here and highly recommend it.Seriously the best al pastor taco I've ever had. CILANTRO INFUSED TORTILLAS.. amazing and quick service. Awesome (and strong) margaritas. All around just great.. will be backkkkkkTacos al pastor are unreal! So delicious. Great service, stiff cocktails and truly delicious and authentic food. Great place.Authentic Mexican in the Italian market? Yeah. I wouldn't call it the Italian market anymore. It's more of the melting pot market. But this place is real deal Mexican. Veryvery good tacos. Margarita coulda been a bit better, but I liked it.Terrible service and one of the worst visit of my life !!!!!
Went to with my wife and kids to eat , my wife ordered tacos that she thought were going to be served with beef instead they gave her Pork , when I asked the server /manager that she wanted steak , he said "well it's too late , we already made it " I said that she can't eat Pork so he made her a steak taco and then we I went to
Pay the bill he charged me for the Pork ones too . After I inquired about it he said "I packed it for you to go , i m not wasting my food because your wife didn't know "el pastor " is Pork .i asked for a manager and he told me in front of my kids that if I don't pay he will call the police , he picked up the phone and acted like he dialed 911 and i stood there waiting on disbelief on what was happening with the guy .... the cook had to calm him down and he told me to "get the f out of the restaurant " I mean wow .....  never in my life been in a situation  like this . Plz avoid this place at all cost and if the owner reads this plz respond to me ASAP , this is unacceptable behavior from your manager /server and I will not stop to share my embarrassment and experience with everyone and every site . 
Thank youTips: CASH ONLY. Pretty pricey. 
 This is one of the best Mexican food places I've tried. The service was amazing and the food was well made. Pretty authentic but with a fancy twist so if you're in the mood for good and willing to pay then look no further.I cannot say enough good things about this gem !
Fresh ingredients. Inviting atmosphere. Attentive service.  Quality and taste is off the charts.
The plates are gorgeous, including the complimentary blue corn tortilla chips that come out first.   They are crisp and salted just right and both salsas were equally wonderful. 
I followed recommendations of Yelp reviewers re: Blue Corn tacos,  with this exception:  I asked them to put the ingredients for the fish tacos in the blue corn tortillas ... HEAVEN !!!
My dining partner got the chicken enchiladas and they were as gorgeous and yummy as 1 Yelp reviewer depicted in photos and their review.
Dessert:  Flan !   Creamy and bathed in light caramel and garnished with succulent strawberries.
This was a Mexicana orgy for the tastebuds !Stumbled on this delightful restaurant after our annual pilgrimage to DeBruno Brothers deli on 9th street. Service was excellent, restaurant with open kitchen was very clean and most importantly food was inspired and delicious. My kids ordered enchiladas suizas and mole enchiladas off-menu. I had tongue tacos and dh had alambre poblano. All were very tasty and portion sizes were perfect, not excessive. Particularly delightful was the sweet tea. Very, very good experience here. Cash only, but the ATM inside made this easy. Check them out!Nice little place 
Coming here with all the snow around so they are very slow but it s good for us 
The food are so very good! It's like surprisingly good! Super super Mexican! 
I have had some good taco and tortilla soup, but the ones they made here are the the best!!!!!! 
Bring cash guys! They are cash onlyStopped in mainly because of the positive reviews, as others have said its rather pricey, particularly for cash only.   Drinks were just ok, felt like they could have had more bite of tequila in the margarita i had. Food portions seemed on the small side, though it was tasty.  My problem isnt that its cash only, it was that the atm in there wasnt working. So i had to go hunting for a machine as others did also.  Not sure who's fault that is but having a working atm seems critical. I had some cash on me but needed more and that became a problem.I was really excited to try this place so I brought a few friends here on Saturday night and it was a huge disappointment!
I got the tortilla soup which wasn't bad but tasted like campbells tomato soup from a can.  Mediocre.
My friend got the carnitas tacos which were SO SO dry! I feel like carnitas tacos are really hard to mess up and this meat looked like it had been kept out for a while and was cubed and tough.  
Another friend got a chicken mole dish which was really disappointing (especially since it was 18$).  The mole tasted like they just poured cocoa powder in a sauce and it had nothing else really to it.  
The lava cake was tasty -but hard to mess that up.  The cheesecake was borderline inedible, it was rock hard and sort of grainy with very little flavor.
There are so many better options around 9th street! Example - el compadre has delicious mole!  I won't be returning.First time trying this place out & i was genuinely surprised at how good it was... I'm from California so i def know a good taco place... everything my friends & i ordered was delicious. Next time I'm in Philly I'll be stopping by here again...I used to love this place. I work around the corner and go for lunch all the time. I'm sad because they no longer give you corn chips and salsa which was awesome. I think I need the chip appetizer because their meals are so skimpy now. I feel like the last time I got the huevos rancheros it had three times the beans and topping. This time is was just two eggs on a tortilla chip with some salsa on top (not exaggerating. They charged $11 for that.) Everyone is really nice and I've definitely had some quality meals, but that last 2 times I've gone I've left hungry.The best quality Mexican food in the city, HANDS DOWN! I've been here at least 10x already and EVERY single time the food has been phenomenal! The staff is extremely nice and the atmosphere all around is great. I recommend this place to everyone and anyone that I have sent so far has said the same!We had eaten here and enjoyed it shortly after it opened and decided to take our son and his girlfriend here for lunch on Sunday. 
The meal was very good: mole chicken enchiladas; toastita's with bacalao, tomatoes, olives; what they called a "tortilla provinciale" which was similar to a Spanish tortilla, but not as thick - more like a frittata; and a burrito. All very tasty. Margaritas were good, not great. Very good and fresh guacamole. 
Dessert was an unfortunate disappointment. The pignole and mascarpone cheesecake was inedible. It was a small square, about half an inch thick, dense and gummy as if it were dried out, and tasted like refrigerator. It was garnished with a not-so-delicious sauce. Really terrible. The molten chocolate cake was just okay. The menu advised it would be served with seasonal fruit, but it arrived with out of season strawberries. 
My son's GF passed the open kitchen on the way to the WC and she said the flan, which we hadn't tried, looked terrible. 
We might return, but we will definitely not order any desserts. 
Four entrees, guacamole, a beer, 2 margaritas and three desserts. $117 including tax and a generous tip.Great Mexican food with great prices. Perfect for lunch on the go and looks like nice dine-in spot as well.  I've only gotten takeout and even then the service has been impeccable each time. Very welcoming staff and atmosphere. The steak sopecitos ($7) were presented beautifully and made with all fresh ingredients. Blue Corn hooked me with their Milanesa torta ($8, comes with fries). Fried steak sandwich with avocado, jalapeno, tomato... etc. that was literally overflowing with an insane variety of flavors.Yesss blue corn! Eat your heart out folks...if your heart is made of guac, tacos, alambres, etc; JUST DO IT! If Mari is your bartender than BONUS points for you! Strong but balanced drinks, great food, open clean kitchen, very attentive staff, great happy hour...A+ all day!! Cash only ps...they deserve your cash trust thatFood is amazing, tacos and chicken nachos are the best. Staff is great especially the male waiter in the afternoonsThe $12 guacamole was terrible (watery and flavorless) and the blue chips were greasy and hard to chew on. The pibil tacos were okay but they don't don't give you enough tortillas so they immediately fell apart. I was not pleased with the service either: when we complaint about the guacamole the waitress said "ok" and charged us for it anyway. The prices at this place don't match neither the food or the service quality. Never going again.Have been hearing about this place tucked in the Italian Market from a few friends because everybody knows I love a good spicy margarita. Two friends and I went last Saturday afternoon to give them a try. We didn't find exactly what we wanted on the menu as far as a skinny version but after explaining what we wanted to the server, he returned with the perfect spicy skinny margarita.
For starters we had the chicken nachos which were cheesy, tasty goodness. We cleaned our plate. My friends shared the Alambre Poblano which was a huge portion and they enjoyed. I had the Taquiza so I could try a mixture of a few things. Each were equally good. Will be returning for sure!So, nice little Mexican place in the middle of the Italian food/market area of Philly.  I have to day, i was very impressed.  Authentic cuisine with a twist.
All in all, this a good place to try.  I recommend the gorditas.  No, not what you would get at Taco bell, but a hand made pocket of deliciousness.I was excited this place came to the neighborhood. However, we went on a Friday and service was spotty. Food was very under seasoned and blah. I've been to better Mexican restaurants before. Not going back.The cabeza tacos are outrageously good. I enjoyed the squash blossom and huitlacoche items on the menu, but man, those tacos are insane.Nice little place 
Coming here with all the snow around so they are very slow but it s good for us 
The food are so very good! It's like surprisingly good! Super super Mexican! 
I have had some good taco and tortilla soup, but the ones they made here are the the best!!!!!! 
Bring cash guys! They are cash onlyThis place is literally in my backyard so I came here last week to try this place - things overall were okay but I definitely was underwhelmed by the food. The chips and salsa were fantastic (smokey red salsa and tangy green salsa), the waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and specials, and the booze list isn't too shabby (despite us opting for beers). My eye was immediately drawn to the Pulpo en su Tinta (I've been on an octopus kick), but now I kind of wish I went with the Bronzino special. The octopus itself was a bit fishy and the squid ink (non sequitur...?) was a tad too salty for me, but the garlic bread was great. The other dish on the table was a Cuban sandwich, and that too was a bit too much (literally gigantic but a bit rubbery).
Would I come back here? For happy hour, certainly. I might go elsewhere for entrees, but the HH menu looked good and I wouldn't mind small bites and margs here.
Bottom line - the ambiance of Blue Corn is lovely, the service is great (super attentive), and the menu is impressive (I dig that everything is in Spanish first), however the food itself is disappointing.Blue Corn was AMAZING! Would definitely go there again. I highly recommend this place for some of the best authentic mexican food I've had outside of Los Angeles.
The atmosphere was really cool and it felt like you were in a different country. The service was excellent , and the place was very clean. The wait staff was very friendly and informative about the menu items.
I ordered the Anjellitos Negroes and it was excellent.
All of the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food.
They have a full bar and they are CASH ONLY for now. 
Will definitely be back very soon!
Will definitely be backWonderful place it reminded so much of Puerto Vallarta! Drinks and food authentic and very reasonably priced. Highly recommend a visitYou've walked past Monsu. You've walked past Nina's Trat. You crave something more savory. Take a chance on Blue Corn. You won't be sorry. Well done Mexican will appeal to your inner culinary snob and your 9th st hungry feeling all at once.Went for brunch and margaritas and walked away stuffed and happy! They sat us immediately on a Saturday! The margaritas were incredible, my mom ordered the "Blue Corn" and it was bright blue! Love it. We got an appetizer and 4 entrees, and everything was incredible. VERY authentic Mexican food. The service was super kind and friendly. Patient with those of us with questions about the language of the menu/the food. They even altered some of the recipes to adapt to us like it was no problem. I will definitely be returning!Authentic and amazing Mexican restaurant. So diferente that the typical Mexican restaurants. You really feel that you has been traveling to Mexico. 
Very clean and detailed oriented. Cash only. 
It worth to try everything. The Margaritas are excellent. The service very good.This will be the best or close to the best Authentic Mexican food you will ever have! If you like food with great flavor and awesome taster and texture then you need to come to Blue Corn. I've eaten at a lot of Mexican food spots both locally and statewide including little bodegas and mom and pop shops. This is hand down the best I've had. Don't miss out and treat yourself to a good atmosphere and awesome food!Everyone I bump into in South Philly talks about this place, so my husband and I finally went! What a great meal!!! The food here is very authentic and not your run of the mill restaurant for Mexican joints.  I had the steak special, which came topped with a red sauce, grilled onions and poblano peppers and a side of grilled cactus. My husband ate the grilled octopus, served on a bed a chopped octopus and rice which was cooked in octopus ink. They also provide quality blue corn chips and homemade salsa for (free) starters. The menu is diverse. Yes, they have tacos too. We will be back as the food and service were great!!Aside from the really attentive and friendly service, the pork tacos were my favorite part of my visit. I also tried the sopecitos (one chorizo, pollo, and bisteck) and they were so good. I especially liked the chorizo and the chicken was a close second, but I could live without the steak. They give you some blue corn tortilla chips and two delicious salsas, one green-super-refreshing salsa, and one red-mild-heat salsa. I had the sangria which was yummy, and the mexican chocoltini. I was pleasantly buzzed-the chocoltini was much larger than I anticipated. The Pinole Cheese Cake was also good, but a little steep for me at $7 for a serving you can't really share (we made it work). 
They are cash only, which I HATE. There's an ATM inside, but with the fee from the ATM and my own bank's fee, I paid an additional $5 just to pay the tab. Otherwise I would've given them five stars.Sadly this place has gone way down hill. When it opened it was the best in the crowded local Mexican market. Now it's just the most expensive. Mediocre but edible. Not worth the priceWe came here because our airbnb was nearby, and ate here 2 days in a row.  The service could not be lovelier or the food more delicious.  We have all eaten lots of nachos; the nachos, which I ordered without meat, were the best I've had.  They are elegantly garnished with cilantro sprouts; I wish I knew the specifics of the rest of the deliciousness! Ah well ,  I'll just have to come again.Randomly came in here during an afternoon visit to the Italian Market after it had been on my list for quite some time.  This place is legit.  Everything is made from scratch, including their chips.  The corn chips, which you have to ask for, come with two salsas - verde and a smokey red.  The verde salsa has a solid kick, as it should.  
While we didn't get any drinks, we were right next to the bar and saw them making fantastic margaritas.  This will definitely be on the must-try for the next visit.  
I normally do not eat pork, so it was wonderful to see cochita pibil on the taco menu, but made with chicken.  These were packed with flavor, and came with pickled habanero and red onion on the side.  They required no extra salsa, just a dash of lime.  
The service was very good as well.  They were very attentive and answered all the questions we had about the menu.  When I come back, I want to literally try the entire menu.Dinner for four on a Saturday night, - one of us, vegetarian. Service was friendly but server info was unclear and contradictory regarding whether dishes had meat or not. Prices are more expensive than one might expect for a small family run Mex restaurant.The drinks were expensive,  including the $10 Margarita. We ordered Alambres at $20 each (generally expensive for a Mexican entrée).... cheesy, no sides , and not worth the $$; the bacon pieces in that dish were purely fat. Guac was cold and watery; beans and rice ($4)were fast-food quality, white rice with frozen peas and carrots. Quesadillas were average and nondescript.
Although many of the previous raters have given 4 to 5 stars, those raters must have very little expectation/s when it comes to dining at a small Mexican family run restaurant. If you want to spend the same money, (more than $$ and cash only here), and have a byob option as well (not here), there are other better choices to be made.This was our first time here and the food was wonderful with good atmosphere:) Great service professional staff. Plus this restaurant is in the heart of Italian Market. Plus this restaurant has a full bar. This restaurant is very cozy.  We will be back!!!Our favorite Mexican restaurant. Their dishes are always fresh and carefully made. Their drinks are excellent too. In the summer they have white wine sangria!
The staff is friendly and very efficient. It's a great neighborhood gem.Amazing upscale Mexican in the Italian Market. Friendly staff, good Mexican beers on tap and my wife loved her jalapeño margarita. We started with the complimentary chips with 2 salsas-verde and Rojas-both delicious and the chips were hot and fresh. Next we split the shrimp ceviche. Again amazing, fresh and a generous potion. Then we each had a taco dish-seafood for me al pastor for the wife. Both were excellent-fresh and lighter than other tacos I have had. Great place. I would highly recommend.Went here for brunch and got dinner take out.  Had huevos rancheros and huevos huastecos.  Good but rancheros at Cafe Y Chocolat much better. Good seafood soup special.  Good ceviche with salsa bruja.Probably the best Mexican food in the city. 
Food is delicious, drinks are awesome, staff is very accommodating. That's really all you need to know. (And maybe that they're cash only.)This place is cash only with an ATM inside ($2 fee and only take out in multiples of $20). We got the skirt steak special, chicken gorditas, and beef cheek tacos. DELICIOUS. High quality meat cooked perfectly and the blue corn chips were a great start to the meal! Service was very friendly and on top of things.Sometime you read these reviews and it can make you skeptical. "THE BEST EVER" or "Unbelievable" are some of the reviews for Blue Corn. 
Well, in this case, in the middle of the Italian Market in South Philly (a la Rocky Balboa fame) you will honestly find one of the finest Mexican cuisine spots I've ever had. 
Completely un-Americanized with smiling faces and good service.
Would love to be able to try everything on their menu. 
Get a cannoli for dessert down the street but have some Mexican for lunch or dinner on your next trip to the Italian Market.Comidas mexicanas excelentes!  Esta tarde hemos comido sopa de mariscos y fundación olmeca y lava cake para postre. ¡Todos ricos!  Celebrando el lanzamiento de nuestro nuevo CD hoy: Ana María Ruimonte cantante lírica española con los mejores músicos clásicos de Cuba en canciones de uno de los más famosos compositores de españa, Joaquín Rodrigo, en el CD titulado "Con Rodrigo en Cuba" producido por Alan Lewine para Owlsong Productions.Excellent food! They pay attention to the small details and the results are exceptionally good food. 
The menu is not all that typical of Mexican restaurants in Philly so you can move away from the standard fare (which they also have) and try something new. You will definitely not be disappointed. 
It also seems more healthful than a lot of lunch/brunch options in the Italian Market. They use a lot of flavor and things like homemade vinegar to make the food tasty rather than relying on salt and grease. Everything I had seemed really fresh and lovingly prepared. It's nicely arranged on beautiful plates and the atmosphere is festive and clean.Just moved to the neighborhood and had to try this place. Casual mexican that is pretty cheap with a solid bar. Somehow they pull off authentic and cheap without being a cheese overload grease pot. Friendly service and fun atmosphere. Definitely worth a visit. I'll be back regularly now.Delicious! Would come back for the chicken nachos! The complimentary salsa verde was amazing as well! Guacamole was great too. All around one of the best Mexican places in Philly!My husband and I wanted to try a New Mexican place. We were recommended something that was similar to fajitas but it wasn't very good. It was supposed to be steak but tasted like salami. We asked to change it but they said they would charge us. We also got something that was similar to a hard shell taco which was ok. None of the food came with any beans or rice. No chips and salsa on the house. Not my cup of tea.Finally stopped in after walking by here many times.  My daughter and I split the nachos as well as the fish tacos.  I have to tell you, they were both excellent, fresh and delicious.  I ordered the berry margarita and she had the bellini, we were both very happy with our choices (although had we stayed a little longer I would have gotten a bellini also). I'm already planning a return trip, it was that good!!Food: 3
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 3
I kind of wish this place was BYOB. The beer list is short, and pricey for the atmosphere/location. The food is good, although not mind-blowing. There are many other Mexican restaurants to try in the area, and many will allow you to bring your own booze. I intend to continue to try the rest of them before considering coming back here.This is exactly what I was looking for. Low key no frills Mexican with great food and cocktails. 
Entrees are priced high, but there are plenty of options on the menu that are $12 or less. Cocktails are delicious. We didn't have to wait at all during dinner time on Thursday and the staff was friendly and attentive. They had a ton of specials not on the menu as well. Can't wait to go back!!!Forget El Vez, El Rey, and Lolita -- this tops them all. 
Blue Corn is the best Mexican restaurant I've been to in Philadelphia. 
Everything is made with perfection, from the complimentary chips and salsa (the green salsa was to die for) to the apps (we had ofrenda de los dioses) to the meals (the blue tacos) to the desserts (cheesecake).
You get an incredible meal here. And the prices are really reasonable. I'll definitely be back.Blue Corn is our little neighborhood gem that, thanks to Craig LaBan, now sometimes gets so busy that we have to wait. But it deserves each one of those bells! We will always wait if we have to; both the food and the service are top notch and we have never been disappointed. We feel lucky that we can just walk over here whenever we want, and are finally at peace with sharing our secret Mexican spot with the world. Don't skip this spot! The steak specials with chimichurri sauce, the alambres, and camarones al ajillo are some of our faves.Fantastic service here- similar to a finer dining restaurant. Ordered three of the specials (ceviche, tacos 3 ways, brisket tostadas). Food was extra tasty. Macho margarita was well balanced with heat and sweet. TV monitors playing soccer throughout. Cozy spot in the middle of the Italian Market. Still seems to be a hidden gem...Amazing Restaurant!!! Great Puerto Vallarta tacos, Blue cien tacos y alambre!!! The cheladas with Dos X Are amazing. Great service and great food. I will come back soon. Everything taste super fresh and their menu is really good.These are the best tacos I've had. We ordered the guacamole with blue corn, the sample appetizers Fundacion Olmeca and the blue corn tacos with grilled chilies and plantains for sides. Everything was excellent--I would say get the sample appetizers and the blue corn tacos if you had to pick. Load up on the fresh tomatillos salsa that comes with your tacos. 
This meal wrapped up our day nicely after the Barnes. Lovely service as well.They brought out some free chips and salsa after we ordered. The two salsas were very interesting. The dark red one was a little smoky and a little hot. The green was a bit more fruity but also hot. Not what I am used to eating chips with. The salsa are kind of liquidy and don't have much substance to it or any flavor really. Oh well. It was free. 
The nachos were good. It is your standard restaurant styled nacho plate except someone shot it with a shrink ray. Flavor was good I just wish it was bigger. 
The gorditas were not great. The fried pocket had no flavor. The cheese had a nice texture and mouthfeel and the pork inside had no flavor either. Did the price of salt/seasoning skyrocket or something? Why are they holding out on me?
The tacos were the only thing I would order again if I came here. Decent portion size and the flavor was good. Tender juicy pieces of chicken with potato on a blue corn tortilla. Loved it
Also! This place is cash only. So hit your bank's atm beforehand.We came here hungry one night before drinking and bar hopping, and the food looked good! My guy got al pastor tacos, which tasted great (I took a bite, haha) and I got the chicken tacos. I enjoyed the al pastor more, only because the flavor is most pungent to me. I like a little bit of fat to my al pastor, not much a fan of lean pork lol. It just has more juiciness and taste! We also got guacamole and chips which was very good. The tortilla chips weren't too hard to munch on and so it never hurt my gums or mouth. I'm not sure why but some places make theirs too hard to eat. The guacamole was also very fresh and made well, served in a stone bowl. Server was very. Fast and attentive. It's not too small of a place, but that night was pretty packed for a Thursday! It was a well enjoyed experience, just felt that the prices were slightly steep.The place we originally wanted to go for lunch was closed so we decided to come here instead.  So glad we did!  
My friend and I shared an order of the Seafood Ceviche special and Huarache Gratin with Chorizo.  I loved the complimentary blue chips with red and green salsa.  The seafood ceviche was well-seasoned, tasted fresh, and came with a special vinegar sauce which added even more flavor.  With so many different ingredients of cactus, onions, refried beans, and especially the chorizo, Huaraches was a good choice.  Its a pretty good size and good enough to share with a friend. 
would love to come here againThis is a great spot, right in the heart of the Italian Market. Three of us stopped in for dinner last night, after finding a wait at another local eatery. The complimentary  blue corn ships and salsa were wonderful The chips were thick and very crunchy, while the two salsas ( a smokey chipotle and a green) were a nice departure from the standard plastic bowl of chips and salsa served at many other Mexican restaurants. The menu offers a great mix of the traditional favorites, with some other options. We chose to work our way through the menu starting with a few appetizers other plates. The food was solid, without needing the addition of extra sauces or changes. The service was attentive and helpful with any menu inquiries. I am very happy to have this spot close to home.Small place with very friendly staff. Everything was delicious but the chicken pibil sopes were amazing. First time eating here and won't be my last. I also had the flan and it was so good I forgot to get a picture. The flan was served with diced mangos. Everything taste so fresh!!!Excellent food, excellent service, and excellent drinks. I have been going here since they first opened, and they have potentially only gotten better. The people who own and run the place are as accommodating as can be, and I've never had a bad meal, despite trying many different things. Brunch is excellent here too. The omelette poblano is so so good. You must try the mexican coffee!Great Mexican food right in the middle of the Italian Market!
We went for happy hour. $5 classic margaritas were huge and delish.  Also many menu items with special prices. I had 3 Tacos al Pastor for only $5 and hubs had a mushroom cheese quesadilla for $6. Portions were very generous. 
The green and red salsas that came with it were fresh, flavorful and just the right amount of smoky and hot. 
Friendly service too!Had the Rack of Lamb with chimichurri on special, on a monday. It was delicious, finger-licking good! Cooked beautifully medium as I ordered. Accompanied by chipotle mashed potatoes, and asparagus drizzled with a delicious garlic/olive oil. Amazing would eat this dish over and overWent down to Italian Market to get some Italian food at our favorite eatery. Was told wait was over an hour. Wandered next store to Blue Corn. We were not disappointed. Fabulous drinks and food in an non pretentious atmosphere. Great selection of not your normal run of the mill stuff. Fillet mignonette and fish were wonderful. Tacos and enchiladas were excellent. Mohitos were perfect. No room for dessert but if in neighborhood and looking for unbelievable Mexican I would give it a shot.Since I moved from LA, I've been searching for that taco truck/food stand Mexican food taste. This place is the closest match. 
Al Pastor Burrito with enchilada sauce and chorizo flautas. Very good!This place is seriously great, and more authentic than the tourist places in Mexico!  They have corn smut, cactus, mole, and much more on the menu. The filet mignon was great, as well as the shrimp al ajillo.We went here for a date night and were pleased with the food and service! They give you complimentary homemade blue corn tortilla chips with salsa :) We didn't realize you got the free chips and salsa, so we ordered nachos. The nachos were awesome! 
My husband got the blue tacos and blue corn margarita. I ordered the chicken sopecitos, a mojito, and the traditional margarita. Everything was tasty and fresh. 
The place is small and has a cozy feel. I would recommend this place for a nice Mexican dinner in the Italian Market!This is one of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to. The food is amazing. The drinks are generously portioned. The specials are always a nice surprise. I had a fish special during one of my visits and it was delicious. I'm impressed by the servers memory since their specials change every time I visit and the servers can always tell me how each special is prepared. The place is small, maybe 30 seatings? But they were able to accommodate my group of 7 last time we visited. The staff are always friendly and service is quick. Highly recommend!Great upscale food with downscale prices in a quaint Italian Market location.  Have to try some of the cocktails next time we are there which I hope will be very soon.Food was ok.  Oil tasted rancid.  Service seemed more like a chore for the waiter.  It almost felt like I was doing him a favor eating there.  Won't go back.1. No free chips as promised on here and I spent $40. 
2. I came during happy hour but they said it was only available at the "bar". My 2 person table was so close to the bar I could have reached out and touched it. I could have literally stood up and ordered a discounted "happy hour" margarita but decided to let it slide and pay full price.
3. FYI cash only. I noticed this isn't mentioned on here.I went here a few days ago for dinner with a friend because I was craving tacos and this spot had been recommended to her. She also ordered a classic margarita (i thought it was a little too sour, tasted too much like the sour mix) and I ordered a mango mojito (had mango nectar, delicious!) There were complimentary "blue corn" (ha) chips (which seemed slightly hard to me) with two types of salsa, one had a kick to it. My friend was adventurous and ordered the lengua (Cow tongue) tacos and I ordered the carinitas (pork) tacos. She tried one of mine and i tried one of hers. If you want authentic Mexican food, this is the place to go! Unfortunately my friend and I are a little too Americanized (haha) and prefer our tacos with cheese, guac and salsa or tomatoes, so we thought our tacos were a little bland. The menu offered a lot of traditional, authentic Mexican dishes that you can't find at most Americanized restaurants though so I would definitely come back to try those! For dessert we ordered the Chocolate molten lava cake which didn't seem very Mexican but was AMAZING. The waiters were very attentive! They are also cash only, which I hope changes! Also, I hope they think about adding a happy hour if they don't aleady!After attending again, I gotta make it a 5! 
I got a classic marg that was lights out. I ordered pork gorditas, which I've never heard of but were so amazing. My friend got the chorizo sopesitas, and that's the best chorizo I've ever had. And we split gauc that was again a 5! 
Go here, it's amazing!Food here is amazing! I had their surf and turf (shrimp and steak) it was just perfect for my craving. My girlfriend had the special of the day, whole fish with chili sauce. She loved it. Cocktails are pretty good and come in decent size. Highly recommend.great friendly service fresh ingredients could be cheaper i guess but super good food. order off of page 2... that said blue corn tacos rule amd pibil sauce is killer.Taco city right here. Would never expect great mexican in the italian market but thats exactly what you have here.. Small little restaurant with great flavors. I had the pork tacos and my wife the steak tacos. Both were excellent. Decent size portion for the price. Three medium sized tacos with some garnish and great flavors. The staff was great and paid attention to the table. The drinks were good, not great and the guac while served in a dish that would make you believe they just made it, the guac came way too fast to be freshly made. But the tacos....make sure you get the tacos!