Here are my thoughts. I live in Center City and have for years. I'm a half-block away from this location and pop in 7-10 times a week. If you remember the place that was here before, The Coffee Bar, then you would know that this place is an upgrade. 
First, let's talk about how it is one of the very few places you can get quality Matcha tea in the area. For a big city like Philly, this is kinda sad. Also, the menu isn't built for people who want to sit down and eat 3 plates of bacon. Little Pete's, which is also amazing, is across the street for that. This menu has quinoa, avocado toast, eggs, granola, etc. They have a ton of gluten-free options as well. The coffee menu has flat whites, black and whites, long blacks, piccolos, etc. It is just very different than what is in Philly right now. And I think that is a good thing.
The ambiance is much better than before, too. The place is bright white and well-lit. When it first opened of course there were kinks to be worked out. That is everywhere. Federal Donuts, Double Knot, and other spots I've been to have all had hiccups when they started. For me, it was them running out of things I wanted to order. Since then it hasn't happened, and I'm guessing because they nailed down their sales. 
Lastly, I have seen some complaining about price. And that's what compelled me to write this review. I assume that if you can leave a Yelp review, then you can look up prices online. Or better yet, on the menu when you're in the store. If you don't want to pay for organic avocado on gluten-free toast with an organic egg then don't do it. Again, you're paying for organic and gluten-free. It's not cheap anywhere. 
I think it's fitting that Bluestone Lane is situated between Parc and Little Pete's. Not cheap delicious diner food and not overly expensive French cuisine. Something in the middle. For those of us who live in the neighborhood, this option is not only welcome but much-needed.This place is nice, the staff excellent but I went in the evening right before they were about to close. I ordered coffee didn't like how the person grabbed the cup putting his fingers inside to hold it. Very small cup why did you need to hold it from the inside to make my espresso. Seems like people can't hold a cup without touching the lip or insides. Okay I pay for it, don't feel like going through the hassle. Didn't drink it just stared at it as I sat at the counter by the window waiting for my friend. lo and behold they are breaking down things, rolling up rugs, etc. I start seeing the mice.  I know, I know every place has a mouse maybe but this was like they were free running around the base boards playing cat and mouse but a cat was not involved. Only us humans it was crazy. Glad I was sitting up high on a stool. My feet were out of the way. After that I never went back; first Serv Safe training refresher course needs to be meted out and second an exterminator put on board. Those mice were way too comfortable.Bluestone Lane in NYC is a wonderful place and serves up great food. The Philadelphia location, however, seems to not quite get it yet. Hopefully it'll get better. The avocado smash was served up on store-bought, low-quality wheat bread. Not what the menu indicates. No reason provided by the server. The coffee was, however, as good as always and the space on the inside is nice. Bottom line, if you want a nice place to hang out, grab coffee, and chat with others, Bluestone Lane in Philadelphia should do you well. If you're looking for food, head elsewhere.Came here again as I was invited back to try it out again. The last time I came, I was really disappointed and subsequently gave a bad review. 
However, my experience this time has changed completely. I had the brekkie board which is Avo Toast and Collective Granola. Seriously 5 stars, tasted great, didn't need to add anything to it, was fresh and well presented. 
Drinks wise- got a cold brew and turmeric latte. Cold brew was as you'd expect, but turmeric latte was amazing. I usually make them at home but whatever they did to it with almond milk and honey was unreal. 
Met with Kurt and Scott (managers) both were kind and had great customer service.
Overall the service was quick, Kurt was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and was able to give good recommendations.One of my must things to do in Philadelphia. WE love the coffee and the food. The Avocado smash is my go too and we stop in the afternoons for 4:00 coffee too! The menu is full of fresh, healthy. As a regular here, I am always pleased by the quality of their coffee, food and overall presentation.Perfect breakfast!  We were able to linger over the Australian style brunch that offered enough of an array of offerings to satisfy a range of tastes and diets. But the highlight was our server, Chanel. She was delightful, organized and easily provided separate checks. She even took the time to help us download a loyalty app for the place. Great start to a weekend away!Ordered via postmates. Their site says they do brunch until 5:30 yet I was told at 4 PM that they were closed and only serving drinks.
So I then tried reaching them by phone two or three times and no one picked up. Really?Great coffee, brunch options and friendly staff! I highly recommend the golden latte and avo smash.This place was so basic it hurt. Caters to the bouschey rittenhouse crowd. Beachy theme for Australia I guess?? Avocado toast and breakfast bowls, which were, obviously filling. The service was terrible. I spent most of my time waiting for someone to fill my tables's water jug (which didn't happen), and THEY DONT TAKE CASH. They're a coffee shop that doesn't take cash. Attached to the Warwick hotel so be warned.In town for some business. Just tried their breakfast. It was delicious. Loved the presentation and the taste. Perfect place to have breakfast. Today was a rainy day and  the classic music playing made it an even better ambience.Loved it. Fresh produce. Great breakfast selections including vegetarian, turkey and pork sausage. Gluten free bread. Fresh juices. Family friendly casual atmosphere.The ambiance of this place is fantastic!  It's bright colors and natural light give it the perfect cafe feel.  The menu is unique and delicious!  I tried the Green Baked Eggs and they were a hit!  I would most definitely order them again, but apparently the avocado smash is a popular menu item as well.  Prices were reasonable, and most importantly....the coffee tastes great.  I had speedy service and the staff is extremely friendly and courteous.  The waitress also told me that they just started BYOB which will make this place even better for weekend brunch if you can bring your own champagne or even bring a bottle of wine in the evening and have some light snacks with friends. I'm looking forward to coming back here!I loved the cafe design! Bright, nice colors, great accessories. Made me feel good!
Service was fast and nice. Food (avocado smash and green eggs bake) were very 
tasty and fulfilling, cappuccino was relatively good. And it was right in the hotel we stayed in. Maybe a little expensive to eat every day but was ok for once in a while.The cashier is so rude!! We came here by coincidence while walking aroind during the nice weather, to try a new coffeeshop to enjoy some food and coffee. The cashier who works on Sunday 2/19/17 at 2pm is such a rude girl who made our Sunday terrible. She shouldnt be working if she hates her job, if she is gonna make happy customers unhappy. Never coming back and not recommending at all
Edit: the manager messaged me saying that he would like to host me and a friend to make it up for the rude service. I did not accept it however the manager has been very nice and very interested in solving this issue that I increased the stars --just because the manager cares a lot about his business  & wants to improve its issues, and I am all for supporting small&local businessesWe stumbled into Bluestone lane in search of a pick me up.
This is opposite of your normal coffee stop that's dark and brooding with scholars, hipsters and toddler towing mom side glances as you enter. Don't get me wrong there are still many patrons with heads buried in laptops but the light and airy decor of Bluestone Lane is very refreshing.
Hubs had a double espresso to add additional hair to his chest while I opted for an iced cafe mocha. Both were satisfying and accomplished the caffeine rush craved! I will be returning to check out the avocado smash!I'm so embarrassed to say this but the the smashed avocado is to die for.
I'm barely a millennial so I don't feel that bad about saying it, but it's so good.  So chunky and rich.  The bread is thick and hearty.  It's great.  Coffee comes in a little glass jug so that's a little over the top pretentious but overall, great breakfast spot.  Beautiful design and friendly service.best avo toast ever. & best staff ever :) I come here every Saturday after SoulCycle with my friends definitely a must visit if you're getting brunch in center city!This place is a real gem. Everything is so well designed from the food to the interior. All details are so well orchestrated. We had an amazing avocado smash and breakfast bowl that we will be dreaming of into the future. You won't be disappointed.Very accommodating for food allergies. The eggs and quinoa salad were great! The ambience is really cool it kind of has a coffee shop vibe but it isn't too loud so it's a great place to go with friends!Every single time I go to Philly, I stop by Bluestone Lane for breakfast. As an avid avocado and toast eater, Bluestone Lane has probably one of my favorites. Also, try their matcha latte with almond milk, it's an amazing drink to start your mornings.Great breakfast in a hotel lobby restaurant. The service from our server Chanel really made the meal. She was warm, helpful and attentive. Interesting menu with some interesting and healthy options. The yogurt with house made granola and lemon curd was yummy. All 6 at our table loved their meals. We will definitely returnI usually love this place. But today went in for an espresso at 5:30pm knowing they close at 6 and they had already taken down the espresso machine for the night! If you are open until 6 then you should serve until 6! Seems like they are just in a rush to close and inconveniencing their customers. 
Very disappointed.Great breakfast and enhanced by the service by our waitress Chanel who was attentive and friendly. She also made us feel very welcomed and I would definitely come back.I just left here 10 minutes ago. I am from out of town and wanted a ricotta toast for the road to the airport. I got in the car and opened it up and it's basically nothing. They forgot to put the ricotta on and the strawberries, which is essentially the whole meal. So I literally have 2 pieces of bread to eat for 6$. What a waste of my money .
Since writing my review, the business owner reached out to me and completely refunded me for the mistake. It was handled very well after the fact, so I'm giving this 4 stars! Thanks Nick!This is my absolute favorite avocado toast! Drove all the way from the suburbs just to get it. Highly recommend! Also appreciated the Beyoncé playlist. Thanks Davi for the great service!Got the waffles- really quite tasteless and coated in sugar. Was hard and cold by time I got it. Also came with like blueberry yoghurt which didn't go at all with a waffle. Overpriced as well.Some of the best coffee is town and a terrific casual menu that changes each season. Lovely, bright ambience - the sort of place you could relax in and read books all day. The only drawback is occasionally the service - some staff are great and others seem really disinterested. Still a go-to cafe.Unique brunch menu. Relaxed ambiance. Very attentive staff. Great location in center city. Convenient to many hotels. Loved my double latte. Definitely a repeat when in Philly.LOVED the banana bread and breakie board. highly recommend. deff coming here more often!Food is good. Had a recent bad experience with the service. Waitress snapped at us for asking for the checkOkay coffee, only take credit or debit no cash (wtf?). But a bunch a hipsters work here. I came to Philly to avoid that. Bye.Great place to catch up with a friend during the week. Really difficult to find a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning. The cappuccinos are beautiful and the food is delicious! Only downfall is the price. $20+ for a Cappucino and toast, say what?Greatttttt coffee and friendly, helpful service. Clean and open, reasonably priced and delicious menu.Drinking my almond latte now- it's creamy and smooth in a way not all baristas can Work almond milk.Terrific food ( bacon & egg roll, banana bread)! Excellent coffee drinks. Stinky attitudes. Workers do not appear happy, some poor attitudes. Maybe it's just that I'm from the Heartland. This could be just the regional attitude? Again, this did not reflect on the products. Will return.On my way to Sunday brunch I was able to find this amazing spot off locust called Bluestone lane. And I must say that the food was exquisite and the service was impeccable. Not too mention, a great coffee stop. Our server Davian was not only friendly, but he was attentive at all times and that's exactly the kind of service We wanted.I come here every Sunday, and while I've never been wowed by the service, it's a decent cup o' joe convenient to my weekly appointment, so I keep coming back. After today, I don't plan to return... I walked into the cafe and there was no one in line, so I walked right up to the counter. The tall male behind the register, who is almost always behind the register, didn't acknowledge me at all. Then a female employee asked for a cup of ice, for herself, from across the room -- which he got for her. He slams the cup of ice down, then he looks to me, somewhat exasperated and says, "What can I get you?" I say, "Hi, I'd like a small iced coffee", and I pull my credit card out to pay. He said the price so quickly and quietly that I didn't hear him and asked him to repeat. He said $3.78 as he was filling a cup with ice for my coffee. Now, I have to admit,  I was a little shocked at that amount, this place has the ambiance of a chain, so I said, "Ohhh.. no, I don't want that anymore. What do you ha ---" Before I finished my sentence, he had already thrown the ice back into the bin, and stormed off! Like he was upset that I didn't want to pay $4 for a cup of iced coffee... [as a former barista, I know nobody reeeally wants to pay $4 for a cup of iced coffee, and that's ok - it's not a reflection on you - got it, dude?] I stood there, with my mouth literally open, credit card in hand, expecting him to return - which he didn't. I couldn't believe he had walked away as I was trying to order something else! Suffice it to say, I'll go to PS&Co or even Starbucks (gasp!) if I need coffee in the future. I really don't like writing bad reviews, but this was too ridiculous not to.Cool space, with plenty of room and a nice selection of unique food and drink. Strangely not a lot of outlets available so not somewhere to come to work for the long haul but great for coffee with a friend.Nice atmosphere-- clean and inviting.  A bit cold, like literally needed a jacket, but other than that very pleasant atmosphere. 
Good coffee with great presentation and food was good. 
I will return in future.I love this place- great food! It does get very crowded unfortunately, so I try to go on off days.Fun atmosphere and decor. Delish food too! Within walking distance from lots downtown.
Would definitely return to do work there or bring a friend for lunch. My only drawback was the price. Mainly solid place however.I love this place! It's my second time here and I see myself becoming a regular. Cozy, quaint café vibe, patient, warm waiters (literally, Davian let me and even offered to change my milk substitute for coffee after it was made), delicious creative food, and ahh just come and sit on these pillow couches!Had a fabulous breakfast with great recommendations and service from besutiful ChanelThe chai latte here is probably the best I have ever had. The space is beautiful and modern with a serene and slightly beach-inspired vibe. Good food, good coffee. A little on the pricey side but still a really good experience! Would go back for the chaiGreat latte + delicious gluten-free zucchini bread!
Negatives: long wait times for anything other than the pre-baked goods in the front case. A key card is needed to access the bathroom, which is located in the hallway to the attached hotel. 
Our order took 1hr+ to come out. We were perplexed how it could take that long to undercook some eggs and place them over reheated beans (in my partner's case) and sautéed spinach and mushrooms (in my case). Both dishes were nearly flavorless, so required use of the table salt. Therefore, there was no deliciousness factor to redeem the long wait time. We definitely could have done a better job ourselves in our own kitchen and for much less money (both dishes combined were $22).
Our waitress is my heroine of the day for her friendliness and skill in handling the kitchen delay. She gave us the zucchini bread on the house to make up for the wait, which we really appreciated.
Though I love how the cafe is styled (bright, happy, and clean), I won't waste my time/ money again to stay for breakfast. I would, however, come back to order a coffee and zucchini bread to go!Great coffee and super yummy avocado toast!!! And I love Aussie iced latte there :) (iced latte + ice cream on top!!) super friendly staff as well I come here almost daily basis now hahaStopped in for late breakfast. Everything was delicious from the coffee, fresh fruit, yogurt, homemade granola. My friend had the gluten-free banana bread and was thrilled! It was delicious, very generous serving with fresh fruit, nuts and a dollop of ricotta cheese. Service was also really good and the place is so cute & light inside! The mains were bit pricy for a quick breakfast/brunch. We had smaller dishes but servings were super generous.This is a great cafe for meetings and or leisurely visit. Their menu and food is great. Staff are very friendly and polite. Can't beat the location- it's a block away from Rittenhouse Square. Highly recommend.cutest Australian place with the best coffee & brunch in Rittenhouse! great service from Davian!It opens for brunch before 10 which sets it apart from the other brunch places in Philly. The food is satisfactory but generally lacks flavor. Must add salt. The portions are small to medium in size. I recently ordered a poached egg and it came hard boiled. This is inexcusable for a breakfast place.
P.s. They need more high chairs. Not enough available.Love this place! If you're looking for big flavor I definitely recommend the Green Eggs! Also greatly appreciated the amount of Beyoncé in their playlist! Thanks Davi for the great service!I've always wanted to try this cafe and on my first trip to Philly I finally got the chance! The cafe is light and airy with a healthy and refreshing menu. The staff is very welcoming and the food is delicious! Best breakfast spot in Rittenhouse Sq!Great breakfast sandwich, cool atmosphere connected to Warwick hotel.Cute spot from decor to food/drink presentation.  Prices on food area little high for what you get, but the attention to detail and favors account for that.  Good seating and well lit space to get some work done!Perfect Saturday morning. Came at 9:45am and there was no wait. My best friend and I were looking to start our ladies' weekend with a happy, healthy breakfast. 
The turmeric latte I've had here before was amazing; we ramped it up and each got the Wellness Flight (golden, matcha, and beetroot lattes). So beautiful. 
Food: Brekkie Board and Pea and Mint smash. Some of the most healthy and satisfying food - it makes you feel good! Happily surprised at the pea and mint flavor combination. 
Atmosphere - lively and bright, but low-key enough to feel okay with a book and coffee (for a little while). 
Love it here!Bright airy coffee shop. Coffee was very good. I did not order food, but customers around us did and it looked appetizing.Came to try the long blacks and flat whites. Liked the flat whites more. Instantly transports me back to New Zealand.Just okay. The ambiance is cozy and nice, but the food isn't good. I ordered the skillet, and it was really tasteless. I don't know why the place is so popular... I'll probably come back to try their drinks another time.Brandon is the king of latte art. Totally made my morning! They have Saratoga spring water here... Always a good choice. Open at 6:30am on weekdays. Nice and quiet atmosphere. You can get your coffee to go or they have ceramic mugs if you want to stick around. Definitely better than Starbucks!This was an excellent breakfast spot! I had the avocado toast that is largely portioned. The avocado was fresh and well accompanied with various seasonings and spices. To make it even fresher, sprouts were added making it feel even healthier!I recently got back from Australia and have been really craving a flat white, so when I remembered this place as I was about to walk by I got super excited. Rebecca helped me at the counter and she was delightful and my drink was excellent! I have also eaten the avocado toast here before and it was really good! The cafe is very cute and welcoming and I can't wait to bring my husband for a nice brunch and pretend we are back in Melbourne.Beautiful cafe!! I walked in at lunch time today and they had a live jazz duo playing. I was greeted by a few of the workers as I entered, making me feel very welcomed. I wasn't able to enjoy the food but I did see a lot on tables and it looked healthy and delicious! I will definitely be back!!!Cute place, but is always packed and the servers seem quite overwhelmed (went both for coffee one morning, and for breakfast midday on a Saturday). The food is great, and a good price (we had a pressed juice, matcha latte, a flat white, "red baked eggs' aka shakshuka, and avocado mash). A run of the mill hipster coffee place with fine offerings.Came in for coffee with friends and saw they had affegatto--awesome! Just had a big lunch though so asked how big it would be. What was not awesome was the barista's attitude. He started explaining what an affegatto was and I said "I know what it is I asked how big it was." Truthfully I may have come off a bit snippy being quite in a food coma from lunch, but still the barista's subsequent "that's what I'm doing" in a curt and and unprofessional tone confirmed my suspicions of this pretentious place.Before stopping here make sure you check out the menu first. I decided to drop in because hey it was right there anyways. I ordered a coffee & decided to dine in. The price on the board (menu) was different from the price they charged me. Not sure if it is because I dined in. I didn't order any food after looking at the lunch menu. Options are limited, and nothing really seemed too appetizing, so do your research before dropping in! I do have to say the service was good.Have been back a few times and never had as good an experience (they stopped serving the quinoa porridge).  Had the quinoa oatmeal today - brought to table at room temperature.  Sat and waited for server to return for over 5 minutes.  Finally flagged someone down, returned the dish, and after another 7 to 10  minutes, received luke-warm dish.  Barely edible - thick, gloppy serving with few tiny slices of apple and sprinkling of toasted coconut.  No milk on the side.  Waiter never returned to table.  Given the price ($12), expected a far more fabulous take on porridge.  Very disappointed, won't be back.I really wanted to like paying $10 for a tiny portion of Granola and avocado toast but the people were rude. It was our first time here So not sure how the seating worked and walked up and politely asked if we could grab a seat and we were snipped at to let us know that they were on a wait and to please stand over there. I said no need and we would we takeout and then the people right behind us came in and took the seats we were eyeing without talking to the hostess. Granola was good but apparently not the same with manners. Oh well.As an Australian, Bluestone Lane is my favourite brekky spot in Philly!  The food and coffee are great, with the attention to detail you find in Aussie cafes like freshly baked sourdough bread and healthy but tasty ingredients. Fave dishes include avo smash with poached eggs and the mushrooms. Only downside is service can suffer when they're really busy, but in my book it's always worth it for an authentic Aussie cafe experience :)I was invited back to Bluestone Lane and experienced the beautiful decor and friendly service for the second time today.  I love the colors here, as they are straight out of my dream kitchen/dining space.  Something about light green and gray and white gives a space a sense of being calming and clean.
Onto the food:  This time I ordered the breakfast bowl.  It included cherry tomatoes, feta, avocado, sauteed kale, a poached egg and red quinoa.  I was impressed with the portion size, as I wasn't able to finish it - a big deal for a plate cleaner like me!  
I thought this meal had a lot of good qualities and just a few areas of improvement.  All of these ingredients went very well together, so that you could take a bite of any two or three of them and it was a solid mix of flavors.  (It's a deconstructed bowl, so it's up to the diner to either mix it all together or to assemble individual bites throughout the meal.)  
I will say that without the feta, there was no salt/seasoning in the dish, so each bite did need that component in order to taste complete.  The poached egg was also overcooked, but I'm not as deeply in love with runny eggs as everyone else seems to be, so it was alright with me.
Lastly, the staff and owner stay on top of quality improvement and I really do appreciate that.  There was no defensiveness, just genuine open-mindedness and accommodation.  That unique quality plus the healthiest breakfast I've had in quite awhile made me a happy diner today.Amazingly cute atmosphere. Remarkably weak coffee. 
**If you have a nut allergy, ask about the matcha tea because it uses almond milk and that wasn't clear.I went on a Sunday morning, and was told there would be a wait (as expected during brunch on a Sunday). I requested one of the counter spaces by the window, as I saw that there were many of those spaces open. My phone number was taken, and I was given an estimated wait time of 10 minutes by the host. 
The entire time I was waiting, there was 4-5 spots on the counter by the window clean and open, but I was not seated until 25 minutes later. The host apologized for the wait, and I was seated at one of those same seats that had been open the entire time. 
After I was seated, I was left without any service for 20 minutes. Two customers were then placed to sit near me on the counter, and a server approached them, took their orders, and walked away. I was never tended to, after sitting there for 25 minutes. I turned around upset that I had been ignored, and the host noticed my expression and sent the waitress back. 
When she approached me, her greeting was, "Did you want to order food?" Yes, that's why I came. Turned out the item I wanted to order wasn't available, so I ended up leaving without food after an hour of wasted time.
Normally I would go ahead and order something else but after the poor service, I decided to just give my business to another place. I got exactly what I wanted and with prompt and friendly service at Res Ipsa a few blocks away.Wanted to try this coffee shop out today. The atmosphere was cute and it was decorated nicely. Unfortunately, after waiting at the counter for 8 minutes without anyone bothering to acknowledge me or take my order I decided to leave. I have worked in food service before and have no problem waiting to order or be served. I would just like some recognition that I am there, especially when there is no line. I will not being going back. Too bad.. I was excited to try it..I Came here for brunch with my friend. The inside is so cute. Everything was good. They have a healthy menu selection which I like. They also have a nice selection of fresh juices. The foam on my cappuccino was perfect :) Thanks Bluestone!Believe me, I was rooting for Bluestone. After my previous review in regards to the piccolo coffee, I decided to give the food a try. I asked for vegemite + avocado smash. I asked for extra cherry tomatoes on top. The nice guys over the counter told me it came with cherry tomatoes. Did not say anywhere in the menu (under the toast section). And I pointed to what I wanted on the menu, not sure how that could be misleading. They asked if I wanted feta, I said no. They asked if I wanted tahini, because it comes with it. I thought tahini, feta, avocado together? That goes my macro allowance! (Just joking). I was worried and overwhelmed that my humble vegemite and avocado has turned out to be this gigantic monster spread. I gave it a go. I didn't complain, I'm no chef, I'm sure they know what they are doing. I got back to the hotel and I was gobsmacked! I had a piece of toast that was half vegemite on one side of the bread and tahini on the other, topped with very unriped avocado. For vegemite eaters, we know that we don't smack a lump of vegemite on bread, it is served sparingly with some sort of fat; butter more commonly or avocado. I was frustrated that I got a blob of Vegemite on one side and tahini on the other, ( you (can see the division on that piece of toast), it became inedible (I'm sorry if that sounds rude). 
The thing is that I came to Bluestone to have my regular brunch fix to feel at home. Although I was happy to go somewhere else to have brunch, but when a cafe claimed to serve Vegemite and piccolo I expect them to do it correctly, I don't think that's a lot to ask. My suggestion, take off piccolo and call it Cortado, I'll accept that. Makes everything easier. I have given this place lots of tries at different times of the day but they failed to deliver. 
For the 6 weeks I've been in downtown Philly, I have been having Americano and Cortados like a local and I don't mind it as it comes out exactly how it's suppose to. 
Believe me, I was rooting for Bluestone. I really want to like them but not this trip.Pretty obsessed with brunch here. I love the avocado smash with the poached egg! It's filling, has wonderful flavor, and just the right size. The bread they also put it on is amazing. I also had a taste of the gluten free banana bread french toast which was awesome. The wait staff are really nice. I never had any issues with them as some have said and also I was able to use the bathroom right near the restaurant without an issue. I also am OBSESSED with the matcha tea lattes! Although they are a bit small and pricey for the size I really don't care because they are amazing. I get them with a little honey to sweeten them a bit too. Overall love this place and whenever I am nearby I try to stop here. Just a small tip they are card only and do not accept any forms of cash. :)Not a fan and won't be back. Love the way the cafe is designed but everything about it is impractical. Seats are very small and uncomfortable. They serve coffee in cute, little GLASS carafes. The carafes have no handles and are not insulated. You can easily burn your hand and the coffee doesn't stay hot. The sugar jar is cute but it is communal. Not excited about the thought of people double dipping their spoon into the sugar. Right off the bat the waitress told us that both egg platters were unavailable. This left us with almost half the  menu unavailable. I decided to order muesli and my husband ordered an egg sandwich. The muesli was disgusting. I eat almost anything and had to return it. It tasted like sweet, mushy frosted wheat on top of yogurt that was so sour it hurt my jaw. The egg sandwich was bland. The coffee was really good and the server was kind and helpful. I would go here for coffee but that's about it.Service was so so good with Kristie!! We got the banana nut bread, avocado toast, and breakfast bowl. Would highly recommend all of these!To start with, the food and coffee were phenomenal! I got an almond milk latte and whole grain toast with cashew butter and fresh fruit. Both were good serving sizes and at a very reasonable price. The inside decor was also very lively and fresh. The only reason I gave 4 stars was because I was confused on where I was supposed to sit and order, and the staff was not super helpful. The cashier told me to go get seated if I was eating in, but since I was by myself, the waitress recommended I sit at the "bar" area. In the end, it all worked out; I was just confused in the beginning. I definitely recommend for a nice brunch!The wait was LONG (about 30-45 min), and the poor waiter service made it seem even longer. My friends and I were promised to have the next available table, but when we noticed later parties getting seated first, all the waiter could say was that they had arrived before us (bullcrap). Menu items are a bit pricey considering what they're worth, but I was pleasantly surprised by my green baked egg dish. I love that it was served as soon as the skillet was out of the oven, but I wouldn't consider going back again if it meant dealing with another long wait time.I really wanted to like paying $10 for a tiny portion of Granola and avocado toast but the people were rude. It was our first time here So not sure how the seating worked and walked up and politely asked if we could grab a seat and we were snipped at to let us know that they were on a wait and to please stand over there. I said no need and we would we takeout and then the people right behind us came in and took the seats we were eyeing without talking to the hostess. Granola was good but apparently not the same with manners. Oh well. 
Update***
We tried this place again and had a much better experience. The manager, Kurt, was extremely thoughtful and courteous and helped up to get seated as quickly as possible. This time we tried two of their entrees which were great and tried the cold brew and a latte. All good- we'll be backI was really excited about the upgrades they made to this place (formerly Coffee Bar). The decor is pretty and the new menu items looked exciting. However, the experience was very disappointing. The staff looked miserable and had no problem being miserable at us. The food itself left a lot to be desired--expensive (this is not a $ place, more like $$ or more), small portions, horrendous consistency... extremely wet veggies, overcooked eggs, no offer of condiments. Plus, forgetting to include things on the plate that were listed on the menu and no apology when we pointed this out. I think if you're looking for a pastry and a coffee, this place could be perfect, but definitely not for a hot meal.This place just opened and despite a bright, cheery interior, I can't recommend it. It has three strikes against it: 1.) $3.23 for a cup of coffee is way too high. It's about a dollar more than it should be as compared to its competitors; 2.) they offer no wifi. They say to use the hotel wifi (it's in the lobby of the Radisson Blu Warwick), which requires a password and which they do not have; 3.) they do not have skim milk or Splenda, only the fake Sysco brand, which to me does not taste the same. For crying out loud, if you are going to charge $3.25 for a cup of coffee, at least have the decency to provide proper sweeteners and milk/cream options.
Finally, and most importantly, the coffee is just so-so. Not very distinctive at all.  
Overall, this place fails. Radisson should be ashamed to let their guests/customers get ripped off like this.Always a huge fan of Bluestone. Kristie was an awesome server and so accommodating, and our food was fantastic.Awesome cafe, worth the walk from anywhere in CC. They have most of the drinks you'd expect from a good coffee shop, with a few interesting additions from Australia. Baristas are all really friendly, and obviously enjoy their craft and like talking about it. I usually put sweetener in my coffee, but their house blend has really low acidity and a bright sweet taste. Espresso is also really good; I had the piccolo (cortado) to sample the espresso flavor.
Glad to have this shop in town, after coming to Philly from Australia, via NYC.distracted, disinterested staff, no wifi, coffee is fine.. .Great service, great coffee and great food! We had the mushroom toast and banana bread and both were excellent. We'll definitely be back for more!Had a great experience here. Full disclosure, it was a lovely day outside, I was in no hurry, and I was happy to be meeting a friend to explore something new. So, I came with no expectations, plenty of time, and a generally positive mood. We sat for table service and got a menu with a pretty good selection of drinks on one side and food options on the other.
It was a bright, airy spot. Our servers were friendly and happy to answer questions. Yes, it's no cash, which they tell you in advance. It felt to me like the kind of place that takes its time and care with their food and drinks - it took longer than I'm used to, but I enjoyed the time to be present and mindful instead of rushing through it. I was facing the wall, so I don't have a sense of how busy or not it was.
The golden (turmeric) latte was amazing. Warm, spicy, a little sweetness, and a gorgeous golden color. I'm not a coffee drinker, so their other latte options (including matcha, beet, etc.) were super attractive to me. Plus I like the idea that they've got some fun healthy ingredient to add some pizzazz to my day. At first the size does seem small, but it was actually the perfect amount. Probably the best latte drink I've ever had. I assume, though, that you do have to like turmeric and that kind of savory spice =). Can't wait to try the matcha version next time.
My friend had the oats and yogurt. She raved about the lemon curd and asked for more. I had toast with avocado and vegemite. I've never met bread and avocado I didn't like, but I will say this toast was perfect - the type of thick, hearty toast that makes you happy you have bread in your life. And, a super significant portion of avocado. Vegemite was unexpected, but added a unique salty taste that paired well with the avocado (you only need a little!). Plus I got some good vitamin B! I only wanted a half portion (they give you two really big pieces of toast and - again- a ton of avocado), so I got a box for round 2 later today. 
Looking forward to coming back for another treat in the future.I just left here 10 minutes ago. I am from out of town and wanted a ricotta toast for the road to the airport. I got in the car and opened it up and it's basically nothing. They forgot to put the ricotta on and the strawberries, which is essentially the whole meal. So I literally have 2 pieces of bread to eat for 6$. What a waste of my moneyCan not wait to return here!!  I had the best brunch ever that featured a beetroot latte (the barista put a bear on top of it) coco-nut porridge which was amazing, banana bread, avocado toast with bacon and egg and a latte!! Service was great, thankful that she put up with my food blogging.  Atmosphere was adorable and so cozy.Ordered a water and coffee and ended up waiting for fifteen minutes despite the fact I was one of the only people in the store. The barista messed up my order twice and ended up charging me twice the amount for it, all while displaying a lack of enthusiasm or even general interest. Will not be returning.Good gluten free options. Love the avocado toast. The service is very slow if you're going to sit and eat there, but if that's not something you need to worry about you shouldn't have any problems with this place.I've been here twice now, both times just to have a drink and get a little work done.  Despite the coffee house vibe, this place really is more of a restaurant, which functions as a coffee shop during off-peak hours on weekdays.  At 3:00 on a Saturday, people were still coming in and ordering off the brunch menu, and music was on full blast.  Food-wise I've only tried the lamington (dry) and one of the protein balls (spherical Lara bar), but there are some tempting smells coming from the kitchen.  The coffee is pretty good, but what I actually love about this place are the "wellness drinks."  Sometimes I want a warm frothy drink in the afternoon that doesn't have caffeine, and they actually have two!  I haven't tried the beetroot yet, but the turmeric is pretty delicious.  There are also matcha and chai lattes.  At $5 each they're a bit pricey for a small cup (a regular latte of the same size is $3.5), so I probably won't be getting them regularly.Can you yet a better cup of coffee? Nope coke here and be delighted. Gave them the flat white test and they won!My wife and I stopped in on New Years day. We were greeted by pleasant staffers and a bright- and quite unique -interior design (take that, brown rustic with over-hyped edison lamps!). 
Our Americanos were just great.
We were even treated to a tasty Aussie bakery item (yum). 
Thanks again to the wonderful young manager who shared a window seat with us, and treated us like royalty, despite our small purchase. This gentlemen has worked hard to bring a winning new (and different ) coffee theme to Philadelphia- and I hope our town rewards him for his hard work and imagination.
Good luck Bluestone,
We'll see you again soon.Delicious and healthy food at a reasonable price with an upscale atmosphere. The various add-ons allow for a lot of creativity; I added a poached egg and prosciutto to their ricotta + berry compote toast and I was very happy. The cappuccino was great as well. They have tables and countertop seating and play decent music. I would pick a different place to study but it's great for a quick bite.Tucked away inside the Warwick hotel - there's really no way for you to tell that it is attached aside from the same bathroom. My experience here was okay. I would say that the latte that I got was pretty good - but I also got the Morroccan sandwich, which was a little dry for my taste. It's a great place for brunch and has the airy atmosphere that you might look for on a casual Sunday, but it is not necessarily the best place for a meal (though I've been told the avocado smash is really good, albeit a little pricey).I got very excited when I saw "Australia style coffee". Not that I'm not ok with American style ones but I needed something I'm much familiar with. I've ordered a Piccolo (a shot of espresso and topped up with milk). Usually a Piccolo totals up to 85mls - I'm no coffee expert! And in Sydney, Piccolos are served in a nice espresso sized cup. I was surprised that their Piccolo is massive! It looked like a Aussie style small latte. Despite that, the coffee is fabulous! I guess it will never be the same here and in Sydney. But hey, the coffee is awesome I don't care what they call it.
I'm looking forward to try their menu next time. I would give a perfect 5 if the serving is more accurate - Again I'm no coffee expert, just familiar what's served in Sydney. Looking forward to get my Vegemite fix!Great spot for a light meal and coffee.  I had what I think was called the coconut porridge which was a combination of quinoa and oats with nut butter and an apple on top. It was a delicious and healthy breakfast with just the right amount of sweet.  They don't have vanilla lattes but they made me a latte with cinnamon and honey which was also delicious.The ambiance is really nice but the service is terribly slow. I ordered the daily salad which had gruyere cheese in it the salad came with goat cheese. The whole time we were eating there a guy was drying the silverware and throwing it in a tray which made a lot of noise. They need to improve the service train the people and lower the prices since it is totally overpriced.If you're weird about high food prices then this place might not be for you - however it's worth a try when you feel like treating yourself. Its connected to the Warwick hotel and I first came to this place like 3-4 years ago.. dont remember but it was nothing special. Recently, jewellee kept coming here to get their avocado toast. Im like oh it better be that good. So I went today to try it. Idk how she gets it so simple for $6 but mine was like $15-$16 for an avocado toast with the poached egg. LOL what the heck. But yea everyone in there was friendly, their packaging for the food is super cute and it tasted and looked so good ! I've filled my fat macros for about a week with the amount of avocado they served but it was good !Great spot for a healthy bite to eat or a fresh coffee. I've stopped by before for a coffee to go but it's a smaller space so I've had a hard time sitting down. Today I sat down at their "bar" with a friend for breakfast. I had the green egg bake and they had the gluten free banana bread. We both got an iced latte with almond milk (75 cents extra instead of whole milk). Definitely will be back!
Tip - they're cashless so make sure you have a card on hand.Really like the atmosphere here. Great for a low key lunch or coffee, or meeting up with friends. Coffee is also good!!What a waste of time. Stayed at adjoining Radisson hotel and went to Bluestone Lane for breakfast before our catching our flight. After waiting 45 minutes for toast and poached eggs we couldn't take it anymore. The staff didn't seem bothered or interested in the fact that we had been waiting so long. Kept saying the kitchen was slow, but customers who came in after us had already received there food. Gimme a break!  The worstCute decor and nice staff, but I can't ignore the quality of the meal I had here.  
I tried the cashew butter and honey on fancy bread.  I believe it was supposed to come with roasted seasonal fruit, but just had a few blueberries and a strawberry on top.  I had two points of frustration with this meal:  The first was that the honey was drizzled all over the food and the plate, so as a diner I had to choose to either get honey all over my hands or to battle cutting the bread.  (I started to cut, then gave up and had sticky fingers.)  The second was that it looked and tasted as if it was pre-made or had been sitting out for awhile.  Maybe I'm wrong, but that's the sense I got.  
If you're looking for a nice-looking place to sip on a coffee and get some work done, I think Bluestone Lane would do the trick.  Food-wise, I would definitely choose something different next time.This is a very cute place. Too bad they have no clue what soft poached eggs are. Mine were hard as a rock. Couldn't eat them. Service was only so so. The price was ridiculous. $23 for tea, fruit cup and aforementioned crappy eggs-uneaten. One would think that if one saw that the food was barely touched one would have asked. They did not. Thanks Bluestone Cafe for using up half of my daily per diem on your poorly served breakfast. Oh and your apparent lack of attention.I've been in everyday while on this trip. The coffee and food is great, and the hospitality is even better. Plus, I want to decorate my house in their decor. Stop on in and enjoy the good vibes from the barristas, coffee, and atmosphere!Went here on a Sunday morning and ordered avocado toast with an egg and a coffee. For $20, I would hope it would have been a lot better. It also took nearly 20 minutes to be made for my takeout order. Cute place for a coffee, but I would pass on eating here again.Very pricey for what you get. Got the avocado smash for $13? And it was basically just toast with avocado. The avocado mix did not have any other flavor than avocado. Was hoping there'd be some garlic, chili, lime, or even salt, but nope. Non existent. The bread was good tho. It did not fill me up at all for lunch and sometimes the good service can be a hit or miss. I now just make my own avocado sandwiches and for $13, I can make about 6 of them lol.Right as I walked in, I was impressed with the calm decor with a light blue theme. It was Saturday around noon so the place was busy, there was a wait for a table so I opted for take out. I got an avocado smashed on gluten free toast - it came with a few cherry tomatoes and a cheese (maybe feta?) but none the less it was DELICIOUS. I swear they gave me three avocados just on that one slice of toast. I was happy I got it to go because I'm keeping the avocado in a tubberware to make more later! So delicious, but I'm giving four stars because it came out to $15.50, which I think is a tad bit expensive for what you are getting - even though it was delicious.Kind of worth the money? 
I wouldn't rate this place as high as I thought I would because of the drinks. 
Our server was very nice and attentive but didn't tell us how the drinks would be tasteless. No matcha flavor or sweetness at all. We both ordered a matcha latte one cold and one hot. Both taste like plain almond milk no sweetness or matcha taste to it. Totally not worth the money if your planning to get a drink. Avoid these at all cost just stick with orange juice  
But I do have to say the four stars I'm giving to is definitely to the decor and the food. I got a green eggs skillet and he got the avocado toast with a poached egg. Both our eggs were cooked through which was kind of a disappointment but it was still good. The avocado smack over flowed with avocado which is a plus and the green eggs skillet was the bestI want to give it 5 stars but gave it 4 stars.  
The customer service is lacking the warm comfort of the like home design.  The counter guy clearly perkier with selective people.  (We are all biased). The other coffer staff didn't make efforts to look up and greet or welcome people. 
Waited 15mins for avocado toast take out.
I think they made my food...it sat there the chef ate it and 15mins later realized I was standing there waiting for my food.  He made it in under a min.  The chef apologized a few times which made me feel better.  Mistakes happen.
The Avocado Toast taste good.  Simply yet perfectly seasoned and fresh.  Perfect portions and the coffer taste pretty good too.
Great sustainable concept all the paper products were made in the US which I appreciate.
Part of the sustainable concept is that they don't take cash.  They have a nice flyer telling why! (I actually like that part of educating customers too)Latte art at its finest! This place is straight up hipster and I dig it! From the artsy and simple placement of the decor on the shelves to the chalkboard coffee menu, to the gluten-free, vegan, vegetarian, almond milk options. The staff are very friendly. The place is lovely. But let's talk about the coffee and food! I really liked the gluten-free banana bread with fruit, drizzled with honey. Unfortunately, they were out of the ricotta cheese. I'm sure it would have been simply amazing had the ricotta been in stock. My Latte was so nice I had it twice. For me, it's like taking a little trek to Paris. The latte is simple and not drowning in fake sugars or syrups. Simple and European; just how I like it. 
Overall, I would take another peak inside. The menu looks delightful and I'd be interested to try a few other items on the menu.Amazing coffee and cafe. In fact one of the best coffee so far.. For me cafe is all about experience, the representative here was very rude with attitude.. she told us outright that she cannot give the coffee in mugs. After traveling 2 hours for this cafe this is a really disappointing experience.Had an amazing pea and mint  smash. . Menus is progressive to accommodate discerning eaters.
Mark m was awesome in welcoming us.The atmosphere is really calming and nice. I go to Bluestone to try the different kinds of juices. They also have delicious avocado toast and banana and peanut butter toast. It's a bit on the pricier side, though, for food I can make at home. Still very delicious.The wait staff is a little rude. They seem like they always have something better to do even when the place is not busy. A smile goes a long way!! Or just a short friendly conversation!The avocado toast is to die for. I add the poached egg feta and cherry tomatoes and sometimes the prosciutto or smoked salmon if I'm really feeling crazy. If I wake up in the city I immediately need one of these. Yum!Bluestone lane is an odd combination of a coffee shop and restaurant. If you wish to sit down there, you are essentially required to have a waiter, making Bluestone Lane an inappropriate place to sit and do work. This is confusing since they are advertised as a coffee shop. Most items on the menu are not explained forcing you to either google them or ask the waiters (who are not all that friendly). The food is decent, but not at all worth the price. Almost $7 for toast is slightly absurd. I really cant think of any reason to come here again. If you want brunch/lunch, go to one of the many great places in the area that have better/more options, if you want coffee, go to one of the many coffee shops in the area. The only niche for this place is if you seek extremely high quality/unusual coffee as well as a waiter to bring it to you.I went for the first time a few weeks ago and found the experience to be completely overwhelming and inhospitable. 
I didn't realize it was also a full service restaurant, so I went to the counter, ordered my coffee and toast, and found a seat at a table. I was then told I couldn't sit where I had sat down  since I had ordered at the counter. I asked where I could sit, and I could sit at the counter. The waitress then asked what I had ordered and said she would switch it to table service. 
Ten minutes go by and I still don't have my toast. IT'S TOAST. HOW LONG CAN IT POSSIBLY TAKE? She had not been back to check on me or I would have asked about it. Multiple groups of people had taken seats around me and then been asked to move by this point...so obviously I'm not the only one who didn't get it. It was highly chaotic, so I decided I was just going to take my toast and go. Honestly, I would have just left if it hadn't cost me $8 for toast with jam, but ANYWAY.
I go back up to the register, I'm ignored, and FINALLY my toast comes out...15 minutes after I order it. The waitress sees me standing near the register trying to not take up too much space because apparently it's at a premium here, and brings it over. I ask her if I could just have it to go because it was hectic and loud. Her eye roll could have been heard around the world. She takes it back to the counter, another gentleman boxes it up, and gives it to me. I gladly left and do not plan on returning.
To their credit, it was a Sunday, and they were very busy, but to someone who had never been there before, they were extremely unhelpful. Rude, even. I will not be going back.I have a slight obsession with brunch. If I could have brunch for breakfast, lunch, and dinner - I would. With that said, let me continue:
Came here on a weekday morning for, you guessed it - brunch! For a Friday morning, it was pretty busy but we ended up waiting only about 10 minutes. We shared the avocado smash and chocolate croissant and ordered 2 chai lattes. The loose leaf chai latte was served with soy milk and its own filter, so I was able to pour as I pleased and made it much more fun to drink. The croissant was crispy and the avocado toast was filling. I wish the toast could have been warm but maybe that's not how avocado toast is served? Still delicious though. I wasn't daring enough to try the matcha or beetroot latte this time, but definitely next time. 
They recently went cashless so you pay at the table via an iPad and can easily split between cards. Not sure why it's only 3.5 stars because my friend and I loved our meal here and will most definitely be back.Bluestone Lane serves excellent beverages and food. I recommend the toasts, especially the Avocado Smash. I first tried Bluestone Lane in NYC and now having been to this location in Philly am happy to see that it has ample seating. There is even a large table for a group.BEST PLACE EVER!!! excellent food, great atmosphere, and wonderful service. Our waiter was davi and he was great. He knew a lot about the menu and was able to suggest excellent dishes. 11/10 recommend.Such a cute little cafe to start your day at! Good, strong coffee and a menu with delicious veggie options. I had a veggie skillet that was perfectly proportioned - no weigh-me-down breakfasts here. I'm a fan of natural flavors and this place offered an abundance of those!This place is so awesome! I pop in for brunch and almost always get the avocado smash with a poached egg and smoked salmon. The portion size is pretty generous and they literally give you enough avocado to serve 4 people. They recently had kombucha on draft and it was a perfect little breakfast. I really do love it there! Definitely a must try brunch/breaky place.Want a healthy breakfast served by the most delicious staff, look no further. An escape ambiance in the heart of bustling Philly. Eggs cooked to perfection, a barrista who knows how to make the cafe come to latte. Jazz/Motown wafting throughout, this is the way to start your day. Very sybaritic!This is a great space for brunch or breakfast. The avo smash is delicious and the granola looked very tasty. The baked beans and eggs were okay, although I found them a bit metallic. I've been to a few in New York and was a bit shocked to see that the prices were the same here in Philly, but that wouldn't stop me from returning.Really like the interior design and decors. We went on Saturday morning without booking table. For two party we waited for about 20mins which is not too bad. 
Louder than I expected, breakfast and bakeries have very limited options.Perfect macchiato! What a pleasant surprise to find a coffee shop that prepared a perfect macchiato--a drink where a bit of foam is woven into tasty shots of espresso. The staffs' pride in producing an artisan macchiato was evident in every other offering in the small cafe. Salmon piled on toast. Avocado stuffed sandwiches. Gluten-free pastry. Attentive, customer-oriented staff. If you're in Philadelphia near the town hall, pass by the chain coffee outlets. Instead proceed directly to Bluestone Lane coffee. You'll be rewarded with great coffee, wonderful food, and attentive serviceGot a golden latte today. The guy at the register was meh from the beginning. As he was making the latte he asked, "you know it comes with almond milk, right?" Um, yeah dude--I know. It's a wellness drink and I can read. Thanks. When he finished making the latte he shouted "large golden?" I was standing right there the whole time and I was the only customer waiting for a to go coffee. Weird. Maybe he was just stressed out or something, but it was annoying to have to deal with him. 
As for the golden latte, I've had better. Do you want better? Go to Cafe Square One. They have good food and their golden lattes are delicious--all in a non-wannabe pretentious environment.Bluestone Lane coffee has been on my bookmarked places to check out for a while now. I heard of them when I was in NYC but I was happy to see that they had some cafes in Philly! I would say this location is weird because it's actually connected to a hotel so bathroom access requires hotel key cards (which are provided by Bluestone) and the wifi is directly from the hotel (the wifi works fine btw). Upon entering, I was asked if I was dining in. I requested that I just wanted coffee and carried on with ordering a small latte. The barista was going to put it in a paper cup, but I requested to have the coffee in a cup since I was actually going to sit here for a while. The first thing I noticed about their latte is that the cup sizing is really small compared to other places I've checked out. The latte was served in a Gibraltar like cup, but I personally thought the latte small. Maybe not worth the almost $4 I paid for a latte. Taste of the drink was fine though.
Anyways, the seating around this spot is nice. There is bar seating around the center as well as individual tables along the walls. Plugs are limited, but I was able to snatch one along the wall seating area. The employees are definitely friendly although there was this one HELLLLA  sassy person working. I think their system of being a café/coffee café is confusing. One can either participate in the typical dine in experience where one sits down with a menu and orders food with a server etc, the other option is just to order coffee in the front and grab a place to chill. 
Their dine in menu looks IG worthy and appetizing, but their prices are ridiculous in my opinion. Their popular dish, the avocado smash, is $10...without any add ons. That's essentially $10 for just an avocado toast?! I might try Bluestone lane again, but this place definitely isn't the best place to get your bang for your buck.Came for brunch with a friend yesterday and was very excited by the many enticing menu options. I decided on the Green Baked Eggs and they were absolutely fabulous. The skillet was as unique as it was delicious! I only wish the toast had come with more honey on it or some sort of jam to spread since it was very plain tasting and only a drizzle of honey covered but half the toast.Just had a cup of coffee and a breakfast bowl, both really good. It's 25 degrees outside and I needed a quick bite, a warm seat and a cup of coffee, all good. They only take credit cards though.Delicious food and AMAZING service! Every employee was so friendly and attentive. I so enjoyed my avocado toast and matcha/golden/beetroot latte flight  I'm not from the area but I know where I'll go when I'm back in Philly!After living abroad for a year I got used to having Aussie cafes at my finger tips with their awesome coffee and flat whites. Bluestone didn't disappoint when I moved back to Philly. Great food, awesome coffee and really friendly servers and baristas. Definitely have recommended it to many people.Such a cute place. The avocado smash is delicious, I recommend getting the poached egg on top!This place uses fresh ingredients and has a nice breakfast atmosphere. The coffee was very good. The service was nice and reasonably attentive. I got smashed avacado on toast with fresh cherry tomatoes and a poached egg. The toast was a hearty grain bread. It is a nice spot.Well, I'm not afraid to admit when I'm wrong. I decided to try Bluestone again on a weekday and I was pleasantly surprised. As I said in my last review, this is a great place for a coffee and a pastry: tons of gluten-free options and a perfectly delicious cold brew; free-flowing wifi; light and airy decor. I stand by my earlier comments that brunch is likely not their strong suit, but I would definitely recommend coming here for a coffee date or study time.Well, the service was (mostly) polite??
For a very bland salad bowl (for which they forgot the poached egg), two tiny pieces of Lamington cake, two golden lattes, a dry sandwich with bad, pre-frozen chicken tender cutlets, and a very unspecial yogurt granola bowl, we ended up spending over $60 before tip (we always leave tip at the jar, even if it's a fast-food type cafe). 
We ended up ordering a banana bread loaf to go, and when we got home, we realized we paid roughly $13 for two small pieces of banana bread, a tiny bit of honey, ricotta cheese, a walnut, and one cut-up strawberry. Banana bread was good, but $13? We were told by the cashier that it would be a "loaf", but it ended up being two very small pieces. 
The cafe itself is also fairly dirty, and we had to end up switching tables as soon as we came in because the silverware tucked into the napkin on our table had a long black hair in it that wouldn't come out, no matter how hard the cashier tried to clean it up when she brought out my salad. 
I would definitely skip this place as it's overpriced and the uncleanliness really grosses a person out before they eat their meal. It's a shame, because I was really excited about trying it out after looking at their beautiful website (the menu on the website is DIFFERENT than the one at the cafe, so beware) and even paid a parking garage nearby so I could eat here.Good stuff Man!!  Really enjoyed the cinnamon buns. Great service!! Amanda was friendly!Had a delicious coffee and lunch today with my Mom. Kristie was great! I had the rainbow bowl and it was perfect, full of fresh veggies and flavor.I had such an incredible avocado toast!! It was outstanding!! the avocado toast was topped with prosciutto​ , tomatoes, greens, and fresh cheese. Such a great brunch!Great coffee good ambiance, great service.  Conveniently located next to the Warwick Hotel.Went here for a quick cold drink. Got the chai latte. It was a tad sweet but still good. I thought the staff was nice. It's weird that they don't seem to have sit down seats without wait staff. Why do I need to have wait staff for a cafe that mostly only serves drinks?I got the GF avo smash today and was extremely disappointed- the bread was completely stale and was tiny. It was a total of $15 for a piece of bread with avocado and two cherry tomatoes cut up. I asked for no cheese and it came with cheese.
My visit 2 weeks ago was also less than stellar. As my boyfriend and I ate our lunch, an employee was not only eating a burger behind the tall divider in the restaurant where she thought people couldn't see her, but she was on her phone. This was directly over the prep table where my toast was made. Disgusting.Incredible food and service!! Love the ambience of this coffee shop. I would highly recommend to a friend! I had the avocado smash on gluten free bread and it was delicious. The gluten free banana bread is also so yummy - very moist - you can't tell it's gf at all!Came to this spot for the first time a few weeks ago, and the manager, Kurt, helped us. We were on this crazy weird diet and we wanted to have a dairy-free/soy/sugar free beverage. LOL! Kurt checked to see if they had those ingredients in their almond milk, and they did not, so he let us use our own with the drink. He was so friendly and accommodating and the location is and atmosphere is perfect for a stop on a Saturday stroll in the park, or on the way to work. There are also places to sit as well.  Really had a great experience, thanks Kurt!The look of place was just adorable. Reminded me of the shore with the light blue, gold and white colors.
The matcha latte and chai tea latte were great. But even though they are the same price, you get 2 servings of the chai latte compare to 1 of the matcha latte. Also, a weird little thing, the hot drinks were served in water glasses as opposed to mugs. Was a bit odd since the drinks were so hot and without having a handle, we had to hold the drinks by the rim which was not ideal lol. 
I got the Avocado Smash with heirloom tomatoes with some additions that were each extra (poached egg and prosciutto). The sandwich was fantastic!!!!!! Worth getting the add ons. Only note I will make is that if I were to get it again, i would request no green heirloom tomatoes (very bitter). Other than that, it was almost perfect.
We also got the Moroccan Chicken sandwich which we would also recommend. 
Note this is a no cash only. So if you want to add tip, you have to do it while paying with the card of have the exact cash amount to tip.Food was delicious, had the Brekkie Board.
Coffee was good too! We got two cappuccinos, piccolo, and a flat white.
Staff was nice, but busy and seemed a bit unorganized.Finally got the opportunity to check this place out. After many mouth watering Instagram posts of yummy plates popping up in my feed, I decided to take my home "office" on the road for the afternoon. Loved the avocado smash & wellness matcha latte  Cute atmosphere, good service & food!!If I could leave a no star, I would--that's how bad my experience at this place was. After, realizing we hadn't received our breakfast order after 25 minutes, we inquired with the waitress about its status. After being there for over 45 minutes without our breakfast we decided to leave because it was taking way to long to be acceptable. The waitress and the cooks didn't even seem to be bothered at the fact that they had obviously messed up and that the food was taking WAY WAY WAY too long. There were 2 other tables seated about 20 minutes after us who received their food promptly, maybe 10 minutes after they ordered, but for us after 50 minutes waiting there was no way we were staying. The waitresses were completely oblivious to customer service and had no idea how to handle the situation.Bluestone Lane is great spot for an Australian inspired brunch! I always come here if I want a quick but delicious breakfast. I have had the Avocado Smash, the Red Baked Eggs and the Green Baked Eggs. All amazing! Every dish is a decent portion of food and I absolutely love their whole grain toast! It's so thick and delicious especially with their butters. And the service is fast and friendly. I definitely recommend coming here if you want quick but quality food.I first discovered this place when I came back from Australia. I was so happy to find vegan lamington (my fave Aussie dessert) that really mimicked what I had in Sydney. They also make yummy matcha and golden lattes. Beware: they don't accept cash, so be prepared to do tap pay or credit.My friend and I were looking for a new brunch spot in the city to try and this place popped up on "restaurants near me." So without further research, we went over. Our first impression: cute place, healthy menu. She and I both got salads which was just ok. It wasn't special, and especially not for the price. 2 coffees and 2 salads should not cost $50. We would've been more satisfied getting a salad at sweetgreens. Also, because the kitchen is open and right in the center, the cooking smell was just too overwhelming. We both left with our hair and jackets smelling like cooking odor. Not pleasant at all.Came here excited by all the foodie pics i had seen, but left disappointed. 
1. It is a coffeeshop but i didn't see any signs regarding wifi.
2. Ordered avo toast with a poached egg + 20% tip and i spent $20...and there was nothing "unique" about it... WAY OVERPRICED
3. There is only 1 outlet that works
I could recreate that meal just as well at home for way less.. sighLoooove this place! With everything we already have in Philly, you'd think it would be difficult to open up a unique cafe here where you can order things you can't get anywhere else...but that's exactly what this place has done. Bluestone Lane is extremely popular in NYC and has perfected the super trendy, "did you really eat it if you didn't Instagram it" avocado toast. 
You may think, "Really...$12 for a piece of toast with avocado on it? Gimme a break." But it is so much more than just that. The toast is multigrain and really tasty and then slathered with the most delicious tahini (which is a sesame seed paste). Then, it is piled high with "avocado smash" which is Bluestone Lane's special avocado mixture. YUM it is SO GOOD. It also has sunflower sprouts, heirloom tomatoes, and feta cheese. All very fresh and complements the avocado very nicely. You can also add a poached egg for $2 if you wish. 
The ambiance of this little cafe is so cute and it's kind of separated from the front where you can walk in and order coffee and the back of the cafe where you can sit and order with table service. Also, bonus points because it's nicely decorated with teal and white pillows on the seats for your back.
I ordered the avocado smash (obviously) and a flat white. The flat white was exactly what I expected. It was piping hot with a nice design and had a kind of sweet, acidic taste which I liked. From the time I sat down to the time I got my food it was probably about 6 minutes. They only had one waiter and I sat in the corner so I just got his attention and my food came in no time at all. It didn't seem like anyone around me waited more than 10 minutes for their orders. I know a lot of other reviews on here commented about the wait but keep in mind, this cafe is brand-new and it seems like they've fixed the wait time problem already. Pretty great, if you'd ask me. 
All in all, I gave 5/5 stars for the cute ambiance, amazing avocado toast, yummy coffee, great customer service, and that there was hardly any wait time at all. Will be back again to try the gluten free banana bread!Stumbled upon this place at around 8am on a Sunday morning with my mom and brother after seeing that Parc was closed -- and what a great find! Bluestone Lane has a very warm, open, almost beach-like vibe to it. I found this atmosphere decidedly refreshing and much different from other coffee shops in Philadelphia.
After ordering some cold brew with delicious almond milk at the front counter, we were taken to be seated in the back. We looked over the menu and placed our orders with the waitress - I ordered the Avocado Toast topped with Prosciutto while my brother ordered the Egg Sandwich with bacon. Although the order took a bit of time (or perhaps it just seemed that way as we were so hungry!), the wait was well worth it. 
The toast was topped with TONS of avocado much to my delight, and the rainbow cherry tomatoes, prosciutto, and feta cheese were phenomenal additions to the toast. If you like the spicier things in life, I'd definitely recommend getting some hot sauce on the side for drizzling - so yummy!
To sum it all up, uniquely warm atmosphere with many great breakfast food options and coffee. I'll be back!
P.S. Don't worry about the dress code! We stumbled in in our workout clothes and felt perfectly at home!Cute little cafe just off of Rittenhouse Square       that has a bright airy, almost country kitchen, feel to it. Only tried the coffee this visit, so cant comment on the food. They offer the standard variety of coffees (cortado, latte, cappuccino, etc). It was late in the day, so I went with the 12oz "Long Black," which is just an Americana. The coffee was bold and flavorful with no cream or sugar used. The short one block walk to Rittenhouse makes this location a very convenient stop on the way to the park.Pro - self seating, good temperature, good drinks, friendly staff
Con - VERY small portions which actually make it $$$ expensive since you have to order 2 or 3 meals to get full, a lot of fake reviews on here, the decor feels a lot like you're eating in a bathroom, young inexperienced staff, kinda slow serviceExcellent coffee and breakfast options. The only reason I give it four stars is due to the service. When I read the reviews, I specifically came here hoping to be proved wrong about the service. But, I wasn't. Alas. Maybe have more people walking around to check on customers instead of having 50 latte makers? Anyway, solid coffee.Bluestone lane provides an atmosphere that is different than most coffee shops in the city. With it's decor, layout and menu options, hopefully there is something here for you! I decided to give this place another try because most people disagreed with my first experience I had there - and I'm glad I did. Contrary to my previous review, their outlets work so you can set up shop and get some studying/work/personal stuff done, they do have free wi-fi (just ask a waiter/waitress for the info) and they do have great healthy menu options.
What must be said - Their Iced Chai is SO GOOD. Forget starbucks, this is where you want to go for a great summer drink. I also had the Healthy start bowl which was PERFECT after a sweat sesh at soulcycle. While this place is on the pricier end - it's fitting that it's in Rittenhouse and at least your body and mind will thank you for the visit.
The service is also pretty great - employees are super friendly and help brighten your day!I really can't say much more of substance other than I really enjoy this place (I'm there nearly every day) and that it's EASILY my favorite place to start my day for breakfast. It's really difficult to find healthy but filling breakfast food here in the city and Bluestone has a few great options that really have made my mornings just that much better. I generally go for the eggs with baked bean dish and have them put a side of avocado smash in it...it's never let me down. The teas they have are really great and the servers and staff are really great people to talk to vs just be served by (small distinction but makes the biggest difference on a daily basis). You really can't order wrong either, so I'd highly recommend it. ONE word of "advice" to those going, this is much more of a restaurant that happens to be a coffee bar than the other way around...so when planning your timing (fresh food always takes longer than pre-packaged goods obviously), treat it as such and you'll have a fantastic start to your day as well.Had an awesome cup of iced coffee! A little bit pricey, but this was top notch and the service was very good. Loved the atmosphere in the shop as well. Only got a drink, but the bites and food looked tasty as well. Plan to be back!Great service....awesome food....cute decor! Wish I lived closer I would definitely become a regular.I loved this place. I came in to get a few homework assignments done. Originally I thought it was just a coffee shop but a waiter gave me a menu. I figured why not, I'm already here and I barely ate breakfast that morning. I had a delicious toast with avocado and smoked salmon and a decaf ice coffee with ice cream inside. Yum. I will definitely come visit next time I'm backed up with homeworkThis place is OK. The space is beautiful and the location is great! I've stopped in for hot beverages and a small breakfast pastry, but would be interested in trying out their brunch items. They offer a small selection of simple/trendy things like yogurt/granola, avocado toast, baked eggs, soup, and sandwiches. 
Coffee is generally good. I just recently came in for a matcha latte, which was also tasty. The only thing is that the latte was on the tinier side and set me back $5.40. Probably an item to try no more than once a year. 
Service was all right - nothing wrong or noteworthy. The ambience and bright, open layout are probably what will bring me back here occasionally.This place is delicious but a bit pricey, expected for a meal in Center City. 
I'm vegan and they're always able to accommodate me. I love to order their Classic Avocado Toast (with no feta). Its served on delicious thick bread and topped with luscious avocado, tomatoes and sprouts. It's super tasty! Their beetroot latte (with almond milk) is also sweet and indulgent. For a little treat, my brother and I love to share the Cashew Butter Toast. The cashew butter tastes like icing and it's topping with fresh fruit.
Great light brunch! Definitely check this place out.A little kindness goes a long way. 
Bluestone's Regional Operations Manager messaged me personally to apologize for the experience I previously posted about. He took corrective action and also offered to meet in person. I am delighted to see and experience such genuinely kind customer service and customer appreciation. Bluestone has definitely rectified itself!
I intend on going back. You should too.Good but a little pricey. We had iced macha's, avocado smash and bacon and egg sandwich. All were great!The food was beyond yummy!!!!! Service was incredible! Atmosphere is dope. Davi was my server and he was super nice and helpful! Would recommend the brekkie board but everything is incredible.Bleh. Ok bad. I have not been to a restaurant in my entire life  where there was actually nothing appealing on the menu. The red and green baked eggs looked ok but they happened to be out of those when I was there.
Ended up going with the rainbow bowl which was not very enjoyable for $17 after paying an extra $4 for three strips of bacon (absurd).
They were also very understaffed which seems to be the norm. The waiter was definitely trying his best but just seemed very poorly managed. What should have been a 30-45 minute brunch turned into a 2 hour affair. Will not be back. Somehow seems to do an ok business.Bluestone Lane is one of two breakfast restaurants attached to the Warwick Hotel.  
I went to breakfast here one day.  I had the coffee which was amazing. It was great.  I had the two eggs with spinach in a pan.  It was blah and not filling at all and the food disappeared when cooked.  I had to order a piece of bread otherwise I would have been famished.Great, expensive coffee. 
REALLY condescending baristas. They seem generally annoyed at the world and their customers. I get it, you don't want to serve coffee all day but then DON'T WORK AT A COFFEE SHOP. Customer service is non-existent. Would NOT recommend to a friend unless that friend wants an uncomfortable exchange with an unhappy, disenchanted, frustrated barista.I ordered the breakfast bowl. It's alright. Poached egg, half an avocado, cherry tomatoes, feta cheese, and quinoa. The coffee was terrible (espresso size without being an espresso and too sour) and it's suppose to be their special brew? The whole vibe of the restaurant is too hipster and arrogant. No one smiles. No one seems to care that you're there. Comparatively, Tria is much better for the hipster and trendy vibe.I pop in here probably once a month when I'm out alone without my children when I want a fairly healthy, quick lunch. This afternoon we stopped in with my sister and my two toddlers. Ordered two avocado smash, one banana bread, two orange juices and two iced coffees. The bill was $63. I find that outrageously expensive. For that price I'll stick to Parc and have a better, quality breakfast.Very good coffee, and a choice of a couple different non-dairy milks. My avocado toast was pretty good, but I would have preferred the bread to be toasted more, as the avocado made it slightly soggy. I liked the tomatoes and egg (optional) on my toast. Cute decor. Helpful waitstaff. I feel they could use better ventilation, as my clothes and hair smelled like the grill when I left.Breakfast menu is trendy and the food is good- nothing spectacular.  The breakfast entrés were pricy.  The service was prompt but poor.  The waiter could not explain the menu.  The food came out in minutes- very good, but we were just finishing when the hostess was rushing us out and there were empty tables around us.  We had been seating there for about 20 minutes only.  She was not courteous.  We felt rush all the time and we were there for less than 30 minutes. Also, It's very noisy.  Eating out is not about food only,  it's the experience what compels clients to come back!This place is already problematic because they are cashless.
However, there is nothing worse than bad customer service. Our server was obnoxious. He barely acknowledged us and seemed to have difficulty saying please and thank you. He was impressed with his Barista skills and filled our cups so high, it was difficult to walk away from the counter without spilling them. And, who TF puts cinamon on a cappuccino? Philly has far too many excellent coffee options to waste your time in places like this.Best Chai Latte I have ever had. Unfortunately, the price for a small makes this a special occasion splurge for me. The place is quaint, and always filled nicely with sunlight, but don't come here to do any work or bring large groups. There is hardly any seating for non-diners. I tried sitting at a table once with a client where we weren't sure if we were going to be dining or just having coffee and was told to sit at the counter bar area, which isn't the most comfortable and hardly fits enough space for a laptop. I'd give this a 3.5.A hidden gem in rittenhouse! 
I came at 8 am for Sunday breakfast and beat the crowds! I was able to get an entire table to myself before the restaurant was inundated by the Sunday brunchers. 
I treated myself to a piping hot latte and the gluten banana bread. Best banana bread I've enjoyed to date! It's extremely moist and I asked for extra honey to pair! 
The wait staff is extremely courteous. I was studying while eating and they let me peacefully eat and study for a good 2 hours- no rush, no pressure. 
Lovely atmosphere and I can't think of a better way to kickstart the day!This place is such a hidden gem in the city. I had a little date here with myself - got a latte, avocado toast and sat at the bar area which looks on the kitchen and barista area. The staff is super friendly and their coffee is top notch. I loved the atmosphere here. It's unpretentious and their merch is actually really useful and cute!I travel to US from Australia all the time and I can always rely on the perfect coffee (almond late) and Avocado smash with a poached egg.
Thanks for having me every morning this week for my coffee fixGreat cold brew! Cute little brunch spot on the corner of 17th and Locust. Love the Avocado Smash with a poached egg on too! Staff was super helpful during my visit.They definitely have some service issues to work out, but the atmosphere is charming, you can actually hold a conversation, and the quinoa porridge is AMAZING.  Like other reviewers, didn't love the coffee (maybe personal preference?) and prices were a little high, but it's Rittenhouse Square. I will go again.Dropped by to grab a small snack and cappuccino after visiting the nearby Curtis Institute of Music. Very unfriendly server at the cashier but cappuccino was good. 
This is a cashless establishment. You can only pay with a credit or debit card but of course you can leave the tip in cash. 
Plenty of good coffee shops around the area and probably won't go back due to the unfriendly cashier.We came here looking for some pastries and coffee, but quickly we saw that there was nothing sweet on the menu but a banana bread loaf for $13. 
When finally the waitress arrived, we asked her and she confirmed that indeed they serve pastries, but they were simply not on the menu ($2,5 for a pastry is too cheap to appear on their menu I guess). 
So we went ahead and order two croissants, open in half and grilled with some jam on the side. Of course, the croissants did not come open and there was no jam. We had to wait almost another 10 minutes for the waitress to get our jam, the girl was all over the place, truth be told she was the only server.
Unluckily the couple sitting next to us had a similar experience as when we were leaving we heard them say "I'd rather go to Starbucks next time".
Last but not least, it's clearly overpriced.While I had a couple of decent experiences here, I am horrified to say that after ordering the Rainbow bowl, I found a large, green, LIVE bug in my salad. I brought it back for a refund but I am absolutely disgusted and so glad I noticed this before it ended up in my mouth. Eat with caution, I guess...Oh, this place is a foodie's dream! Right as you walk in, the smell of sizzling bacon greets you in the quaint cafe. Everything on the menu looked amazing! I don't even remember what I got, I ate it so fast! It was DELICIOUS! It was a egg and bacon sandwich with pickled onions, jalapenos, feta, and likely some sort of sauce. I also got a coffee and the lovely banana bread. Everything was to go, fast, super neat packaging that left my sandwich perfectly intact for inhaling. Overall, probably my new favorite Philly brekkie spot!Decided to check this place out for some morning coffee and brunch.  We were greeted by a nice hostess to our seats.  There was no wait and plenty of tables to choose from.  I ordered the green eggs bowl which seemed much larger in picture, but was an individualized portion in real life.  Nevertheless, this place is a sweet peaceful spot to start your day.  I enjoyed the almond ice latte to go with my food.
The food itself is mediocre.  My food was a bit too salty.  I would come for coffee, but not to dine.  Also, do not expect to go home full.The Fitzroy juice was phenomenal, and the Green Baked Eggs was delicious, though it maybe could have used a few more cherry tomatoes to flesh out the flavors in the dish more evenly. Our server was very attentive. 
It's a small but busy place, however it never got loud enough that it interferes with normal conversation. A little pricey for the amount of food, but definitely a great place for brunch meetings.Bright and cute "modern farmhouse" cafe that serves healthy breakfast options that are sure to appeal to all ages. Examples include the millennial favorite of avocado toast (add a poached egg for extra flair) and matcha latte or your own personal skillet of two baked eggs with some green vegetables. I think the avocado toast could have been seasoned a bit more (maybe some sea salt flakes, red pepper flakes, or lemon), and the toast could have been a bit more toasted so that the avocado wouldn't quite soak through it as much. The latte I ordered was great. The food and coffee added up is a bit pricey, and for that reason, I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. Otherwise, this is a great choice for a cute breakfast stop!
I came here right when they start serving breakfast food at 8am, and am glad that I came early -- it gets busy around 9! I would love to come back to get breakfast and study, but I have a feeling that they might prefer for people to do that when it's a bit less busy.So glad we finally got to this place. 
Even though it was quite crowded, the service was still good and quick. One of the servers seemed a bit out of it and distracted, but I'll say the other servers's efficiency made up for it. I'm just glad that this isn't one of those places where only one server is assigned to your table. 
The food was awesome. We tried the Piccolo. I usually don't drink lattes, but this was awesome as I did not want anything strong. 
I can't wait to go back again!Personally, I really enjoyed my avocado toast; however, it is a little pricey for only one piece of avocado toast. Given the neighborhood of this coffee shop, the price  makes some sense (if that helps??). I really enjoy the atmosphere, and the employees were very friendly.The food here gets a five star, but the coffee only earns a three star. For this review I'll split the difference and award it a four star.
I love that the kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant (but not obnoxiously so). The smell of bacon is way too tempting, and the flavor doesn't disappoint. I opted for the Bacon and Chilli Scramble Roll along with a piece of toast (I wanted to try the Vegemite!) and a "magic" coffee. The sandwich was perfect, with all of the flavors blending and complementing each other well. The bread is wholesome and delicious. I can't say I'm a fan of Vegemite, although I'm glad I tried it. I think it must be an acquired taste :)
My problem with the coffee was that it tastes like a light roast. I'm not a fan of the light roast trend, and especially not so with espresso drinks.
Come here for the food and skip the coffee, unless you know you like light roast... Then maybe it's okay.Great cold brew! Cute little brunch spot on the corner of 17th and Locust. Love the Avocado Smash with a poached egg on topThis location is so much different then  the DC one. It's bigger and receives a lot more traffic. It is located right inside the hotel. The person at the cashier wasn't very nice, but the drinks were yummy. I ordered a flat white, and my husband ordered a latte. Keep in mind that the speciality drinks come in different sizes than the coffee. I need to get the coffee bag dog tie the next time I'm in store!No complaints here at Bluestone Lane! It was the perfect place for my friends and I to catch up after a few months : ) 
The lemon ricotta pancakes and BL burrito were yummy for sure! Definitely not the best of each that I've had but just enough to keep me satisfied. This place is a mixture of a cafe and sit-down restaurant so they focus on breakfast-like foods. 
What I loved the most about my time here was our service actually! The staff were so attentive, friendly, relatable, and overall just down-to-earth people and they made my meal with my friends just that more lovely.My friend and I went for lunch on a Saturday, and it was fairly busy but we were easily able to find a table for 2. I highly recommend the loose leaf chai and the banana bread! So delicious. My friend had the avocado toast and I had one of their newer menu items, this pea smash toast that had a dollop of coconut yogurt. It was a bit of a an odd dish but I still enjoyed it. It's a really warm atmosphere and the music isn't too loud, so I'd recommend this place as a study spot too.This is one of the best brunch places that I've been to in the area service outstanding food spot on and if you like avocados this is your placeHad the best gluten free avocado egg toast ever here which says a lot since this is my go to meal. Usually I prefer my own at home because I have delicious gluten free bread but the GF bread (Husk) at Bluestone Lane is out of this world. Thick,tasty and does not create a stomach ache like many gluten free products can. As someone with good sensitivities, Bluestone was also very accommodating and made sure to include no dairy garlic or onions. Delicious.The avocado toast is beautiful - though it packs less flavor than you'd expect. I'm missing a little extra zip. More salt? Cumin? The fresh pineapple ginger juice was also nice and fresh, but kind of disappointed it was served with ice. Why water down fresh squeezed juice? Especially on a cold winter's day! Service was quick and easy. But there are no bells and whistles.